Wolves mark their territory with scent.
Wolves mark their territory with urine and faeces.
Wolves mark their territory with urine and scat.
Wolves mate for life and protect their mates even though the mates are as good as they are.
Wolves mate for life are intensely loyal to their kind.
Wolves mate for life, and are gentle towards one another.
Wolves mate for life.
Wolves mate for life.
Wolves mate in the winter or early spring, and the pups are born approximately two months later.
Wolves mate in the winter.
Wolves mate once a year, generally in early spring.
Wolves mill around.
Wolves mostly eat deer or deer mice.
Wolves mostly eat hoofed animals like deer, moose, elk and caribou.
Wolves never expect gifts.
Wolves never worry about germs.
Wolves normally are very shy animals.
Wolves normally hunt for deer.
Wolves normally prey mostly on the old, sick, or weakest animals which are the easiest to catch.
Wolves normally stay away from man.
Wolves now show up as black pixels on the radar map.
Wolves occasionally eat garbage and livestock as well.
Wolves occur primarily in wilderness and remote areas.
Wolves occur throughout the park and preserve, traveling in packs or family groups as they hunt.
Wolves only kill to eat.
Wolves only mate at certain times of the year, which vary between populations.
Wolves pair up but run in packs.
Wolves pass through.
Wolves play a key role in keeping ecosystems healthy.
Wolves play a very valuable role in our ecology.
Wolves play an important role as predator in the ecosystems they inhabit.
Wolves play with each before mating so that they can get to know one another.
Wolves pose both a practical and a symbolic threat.
Wolves pose threats.
Wolves possess a keen sense of smell and acute hearing.
Wolves possess an ability to cause emotions to come rolling out of many people.
Wolves possess genotype.
Wolves possess glands.
Wolves possess instinct.
Wolves possess one of the strongest social structures second only to primates and humans.
Wolves possess sweat glands.
Wolves pour off lots handball equipment.
Wolves prefer natural prey to livestock.
Wolves prefer prey.
Wolves prefer their den sites to be located on elevated areas near water.
Wolves prefer to avoid humans, and so do the wolf-dogs.
Wolves prefer to feed on viscera and hind limbs, say biologists.
Wolves prefer to feed upon large ungulates such as deer, elk, moose, and bison.
Wolves prefer ungulates.
Wolves prey on animals.
Wolves prey on caribou.
Wolves prey on deer.
Wolves prey on members.
Wolves prey on moose and caribou across most of the boreal forest.
Wolves prey on moose.
Wolves prey on ungulates - elk, deer, moose, bison and caribou.
Wolves prey primarily on large, hoofed mammals called ungulates.
Wolves prey primarily on large, hoofed mammals.
Wolves prey upon animals.
Wolves prey upon different animals.
Wolves prey upon mammals.
Wolves primarily eat large mammals such as deer and elk.
Wolves primarily eat meat.
Wolves primarily eat ungulates hoofed animals like deer, elk, and moose.
Wolves primarily hunt in packs for large prey such as moose, elk, bison, musk oxen, and reindeer.
Wolves primarily prey on deer, beaver and snowshoe hares.
Wolves primarily prey upon wild ungulates.
Wolves probably live there.
Wolves produce fertile offspring.
Wolves produce offspring.
Wolves promote wheelchair sports.
Wolves protect themselves from the elements with their thick fur coats.
Wolves raid the carcass.
Wolves rain on Idaho.
Wolves raise litters of pups that become independent by the time the next year's litter arrives.
Wolves range from all shades of gray, tan and brown topure white or solid black.
Wolves range from all shades of gray, tan, and brown to pure white or solid black.
Wolves range in color from grizzled gray or black to all-white.
Wolves range in color from white to black but are most commonly gray with a black tipped tail.
Wolves range in color, despite their common name, from almost white to black.
Wolves reach adult size and maturity when they are one year old.
Wolves reach maturity.
Wolves reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Wolves reach sexual maturity.
Wolves reach social maturity.
Wolves readily travel down roads for hunting and dispersing, especially dirt and gravel roads.
Wolves reports on denning behavior of pseudopregnant wolves as well as of ovariectomized wolves.
Wolves represent a part of the American heritage lost to pavement and plazas.
Wolves reproduce when the alpha male and female of a pack mate and bear offspring.
Wolves require food.
Wolves reside in highlands.
Wolves resist Scene over justice below an las vegas golf course home how match beneath that teacher.
Wolves roam areas.
Wolves roam earth.
Wolves roam forests.
Wolves roam regions.
Wolves run in packs in order to survive.
Wolves run in packs to kill.
Wolves run in packs, and comumicate through their howls.
Wolves run on their toes.
Wolves run with a bounding gait and their tail is held horizontally.
Wolves score twice in the last three minutes of the game to tie.
Wolves search for food.
Wolves seek prey.
Wolves seem to do very well when it comes to reproducing in captivity.
Wolves seize animals.
Wolves seize squirrels.
Wolves serve to balance the environment and to cull out the sick and weak prey animals.
Wolves share a crucial similarity to humans.
Wolves shed both their under-fur and their guard hairs in the spring.
Wolves shed their coats just like other canines.
Wolves shed their fur once a year.
Wolves show variation.
Wolves sink teeth.
Wolves spark intense emotions.
Wolves spurt that proved to be the key to the club's eventual victory.
Wolves stand in fields.
Wolves strike a stately pose of fierce independence, recalling the early days of America.
Wolves suffer from a bad reputation.
Wolves suffer from a variety of injuries and diseases.
Wolves support a wide variety of other animals.
Wolves surround a moose, keeping it from eating until it is too weak to fight well.
Wolves survive in areas.
Wolves survive in different areas.
Wolves survive in habitats.
Wolves survive in many areas.
Wolves survive in many different areas.
Wolves sweat through their foot pads when they get hot.
Wolves take advantage.
Wolves take below a affair and enter aga stove.
Wolves take down animals.
Wolves take down prey.
Wolves take on a lifelong mate, and like human families live together, and protect each other.
Wolves tear Saints apart .
Wolves tend to be larger than other canines, although some dog breeds can exceed their size.
Wolves tend to be loyal, respectful, and affectionate to their family members.
Wolves tend to concentrate on the neck, shoulders, and sides instead.
Wolves tend to consume meat from large species.
Wolves tend to fade in color throughout their lives.
Wolves tend to give long howls instead of the yapping calls that coyotes are known for.
Wolves tend to initiate play with other wolves by bowing.
Wolves tend to prey on the unfit, elderly, or young because they are easy targets.
Wolves tend to prey on young, weak, or sick animals, which are easier to catch.
Wolves threaten livestock.
Wolves track and mark everything in the wild by their scents.
Wolves travel in packs which can be as small as two wolves, or be as big as twenty wolves.
Wolves travel long distances in the course of a day.
Wolves travel on the wind-packed snow of northern lakes.
Wolves travel single file beneath frozen stars.
Wolves try to avoid people if they only can.
Wolves turn heads away from each other.
Wolves typically attack the hindquarters, flanks, shoulders, nose, and tail of their prey.
Wolves typically hunt in packs, but hunt solitarily as well.
Wolves typically live in areas where there is low human disturbance of the countryside.
Wolves typically select the weakest and easiest prey.
Wolves understand death perfectly.
Wolves understand that instincts are better than asking for directions.
Wolves urinate to mark their territory.
Wolves use a number of different howls.
Wolves use body language and facial expressions to communicate to each other.
Wolves use body language and facial expressions to communicate with each other.
Wolves use body language and vocalization to show other wolves how they feel about things.
Wolves use both chemical and vocal methods to mark territory and communicate.
Wolves use cattle as a tool to survive.
Wolves use different hunt techniques.
Wolves use different techniques.
Wolves use hunt techniques.
Wolves use many methods to define their territories.
Wolves use several types of vocalizations for different purposes.
Wolves use sight more than smell as their main sense.
Wolves use strength in numbers to chase down prey.
Wolves use teamwork to attack herds of caribou or musk ox for food.
Wolves use techniques.
Wolves use their bodies to communicate.
Wolves use their faces and tails to indicate their emotion and status in the pack.
Wolves use their teeth for grasping, owls their claws, and bullfrogs their tongues.
Wolves use their teeth, feet, eyes, nose, and ears to hunt.
Wolves vary greatly in colour.
Wolves vary in color from almost pure black to nearly white with every shade of gray between.
Wolves vary in size, depending on which part of the world they come from.
Wolves vary physically from one another.
Wolves vary vastly in their appearance.
Wolves walk softly to escape detection .
Wolves walk, trot, lope, or gallop.
Wolves wander stealthily through the tundra or in the mountains below the tree line.
Wolves want prey.
Wolves wear down their quarry by a long pursuit running at forty five mph.
Wolves work together very closely in hunting and in raising their young.
Wolves always howl more before a storm.
Wolves frequently howl more early morning and in the evening.
Wolves frequently use roads as travel routes.
Wolves often avoid humans, entirely.
Wolves often detect moose by scent.
Wolves often eat the sick, weak, diseased, injured, and the very young or old.
Wolves often enlarge existing coyote or fox dens.
Wolves often follow river beds, game trails, and old roads.
Wolves often go after sick, young, or old animals.
Wolves often go miles to find food.
Wolves often hunt in gangs, and sometimes they kill just for fun.
Wolves often make excellent bards and storytellers.
Wolves sometimes bark if their den is disturbed of if they are surprised.
Wolves sometimes establish life-long mates.
Wolves sometimes go several days without eating.
Wolves sometimes kill a calf or sick animal.
Wolves sometimes mate for life.
Wolves usually appear bigger than they really are because of their fur.
Wolves usually attack the old, weak, and the diseased.
Wolves usually bite the shoulders and flanks of the prey.
Wolves usually bite the shoulders and flanks.
Wolves usually chase coyotes away from areas they both use.
Wolves usually eat almost the entire carcass, including some hair and bones.
Wolves usually eat as much as they can.
Wolves usually feed on elk, deer, and moose.
Wolves usually have a regular pattern of visiting and marking their territories every few weeks.
Wolves usually hunt in packs for deer, moose, and beaver.
Wolves usually hunt large mammals like moose and deer and key in on old, weak, or injured animals.
Wolves usually live in groups called packs.
Wolves usually live in packs of two to twelve.
Wolves usually mate for life.
Wolves usually rear their pups in dens for the first six weeks.
Wolves usually rest during the day and hunt in the early morning or in the evening.
Wolves usually utilize the entire carcass, including some hair and bones.
All wolves approach gate, turn from observer.
All wolves are consumers, because consumers take energy from producers.
All wolves follow as they are either aroused or curious.
All wolves have a right to be Free.
All wolves lie down or walk with heads turned from observer.
Many wolves sniff ground.
Most wolves achieve dominance.
Most wolves are a part of a pack for a lifetime.
Most wolves are gray.
Most wolves are vegetarians now.
Most wolves attack large prey.
Most wolves attack prey.
Most wolves bring food.
Most wolves compete for prey.
Most wolves consume prey.
Most wolves defend territory.
Most wolves die of human factors such as collisions with vehicles or are shot by hunters.
Most wolves eat animals.
Most wolves eat cattle.
Most wolves eat critters.
Most wolves eat deer.
Most wolves eat different animals.
Most wolves eat fruit vegetable meat.
Most wolves eat hares.
Most wolves eat large prey.
Most wolves eat mammals.
Most wolves eat many different animals.
Most wolves eat meat.
Most wolves eat prey.
Most wolves eat rabbits.
Most wolves eat sheep.
Most wolves eat small mammals.
Most wolves establish positions.
Most wolves feed on elk.
Most wolves feed on rodents.
Most wolves find food.
Most wolves follow caribou.
Most wolves follow deer.
Most wolves follow rabbits.
Most wolves get food.
Most wolves give birth to pups.
Most wolves has-part jaws.
Most wolves has-part teeth.
Most wolves have chances.
Most wolves have coats.
Most wolves have diets.
Most wolves have ears.
Most wolves have foreheads.
Most wolves have gray foreheads.
Most wolves have heavy coats.
Most wolves have jaws.
Most wolves have large paws.
Most wolves have legs.
Most wolves have mates.
Most wolves have offspring.
Most wolves have paws.
Most wolves have strong jaws.
Most wolves have teeth.
Most wolves have toes.
Most wolves have yellow eyes.
Most wolves kill animals.
Most wolves kill bison.
Most wolves kill coyotes.
Most wolves kill deer.
Most wolves kill elk.
Most wolves kill foxes.
Most wolves kill lambs.
Most wolves kill livestock.
Most wolves kill mammals.
Most wolves kill men.
Most wolves kill prey.
Most wolves kill rabbits.
Most wolves kill sheep.
Most wolves leave original packs.
Most wolves leave packs.
Most wolves live in climates.
Most wolves live in Europe, Asia and North America.
Most wolves live in forests.
Most wolves live in habitats.
Most wolves live in packs, usually made up of fewer than eight individuals.
Most wolves live in packs.
Most wolves live in regions.
Most wolves live in temperature.
Most wolves live in the northern regions such as Alaska, Minnesota, Canada, China, and Russia.
Most wolves live on food.
Most wolves live on tundra.
Most wolves maintain diversity.
Most wolves maintain genetic diversity.
Most wolves mate for life.
Most wolves never cause problems.
Most wolves now occupy Alaska, the Northwest Territories, and the Canadian provinces.
Most wolves pose threats.
Most wolves possess genotype.
Most wolves possess glands.
Most wolves possess instinct.
Most wolves possess sweat glands.
Most wolves prefer prey.
Most wolves prey on animals.
Most wolves prey on caribou.
Most wolves prey on deer.
Most wolves prey on members.
Most wolves prey on moose.
Most wolves prey upon animals.
Most wolves prey upon different animals.
Most wolves prey upon mammals.
Most wolves produce fertile offspring.
Most wolves produce offspring.
Most wolves reach maturity.
Most wolves reach sexual maturity.
Most wolves reach social maturity.
Most wolves require food.
Most wolves reside in highlands.
Most wolves seek prey.
Most wolves seize animals.
Most wolves seize squirrels.
Most wolves show variation.
Most wolves sink teeth.
Most wolves stand in fields.
Most wolves survive in areas.
Most wolves survive in different areas.
Most wolves survive in habitats.
Most wolves survive in many areas.
Most wolves survive in many different areas.
Most wolves take advantage.
Most wolves take down animals.
Most wolves take down prey.
Most wolves threaten livestock.
Most wolves use different hunt techniques.
Most wolves use different techniques.
Most wolves use hunt techniques.
Most wolves use techniques.
Some wolf sighting has pets.
Some wolves adapt to food.
Some wolves affect communities.
Some wolves affect plant communities.
Some wolves are hairy on the inside.
Some wolves are higher and some are lower.
Some wolves are pure white or jet black in color, gray wolves however, are the most common.
Some wolves are snowy white, black or gray, or a mixture of fawn, cream, gray, white, and black.
Some wolves attack humans.
Some wolves attack huntsmen.
Some wolves avoid contact.
Some wolves avoid predators.
Some wolves become companions.
Some wolves become members.
Some wolves can live up to ten years.
Some wolves come into contact.
Some wolves conserve energy.
Some wolves destroy livestock.
Some wolves die before adulthood.
Some wolves die before reach adulthood.
Some wolves eat bones.
Some wolves eat caribou.
Some wolves eat dogs.
Some wolves eat domestic dogs.
Some wolves eat ducks.
Some wolves eat goats.
Some wolves eat lambs.
Some wolves eat melons.
Some wolves eat mice.
Some wolves eat pigs.
Some wolves eat ungulates.
Some wolves eat voles.
Some wolves eat woodchucks.
Some wolves emerge from forests.
Some wolves emerge from locations.
Some wolves feed on bugs.
Some wolves follow animals.
Some wolves follow cattle.
Some wolves follow elk.
Some wolves follow sheep.
Some wolves get chances.
Some wolves have a high pitched howl and still others have a gravely sounding howl.
Some wolves have attachment.
Some wolves have capacity.
Some wolves have chests.
Some wolves have definite impact.
Some wolves have degrees.
Some wolves have food sources.
Some wolves have glands.
Some wolves have hard time.
Some wolves have high capacity.
Some wolves have impact.
Some wolves have important impact.
Some wolves have knowledge.
Some wolves have narrow chests.
Some wolves have pressure.
Some wolves have requirements.
Some wolves have senses.
Some wolves have sources.
Some wolves have territory.
Some wolves have time.
Some wolves hear dogs.
Some wolves hide food.
Some wolves inhabit areas.
Some wolves kill calves.
Some wolves kill caribou.
Some wolves kill cattle.
Some wolves kill chickens.
Some wolves kill cougars.
Some wolves kill cows.
Some wolves kill dogs.
Some wolves kill ducks.
Some wolves kill goats.
Some wolves kill moose.
Some wolves kill mountain goats.
Some wolves kill turkeys.
Some wolves kill wisents.
Some wolves kill wolves.
Some wolves leave their packs to become lone wolves.
Some wolves live in parks.
Some wolves live in tree tundras in the north.
Some wolves live on deer.
Some wolves live on landscapes.
Some wolves look like foxes.
Some wolves mark territory.
Some wolves means animals.
Some wolves means companion animals.
Some wolves move pups.
Some wolves perform activities.
Some wolves pick up lice.
Some wolves play roles.
Some wolves play significant roles.
Some wolves play vital roles.
Some wolves pose really well, some are extremely difficult to photograph.
Some wolves regurgitate food.
Some wolves rely on stamens.
Some wolves seek animals.
Some wolves seek ducks.
Some wolves seek mammals.
Some wolves seek rabbits.
Some wolves show cavities.
Some wolves stay as helpers.
Some wolves suffer damage.
Some wolves take care.
Some wolves take down moose.
Some wolves thrive in valleys.
Some wolves use scent.
Some wolves watch dogs.
Wolffian bodies are replaced by permanent kidneys.
Wolffian duct degenerates because it is deprived of testosterone.
Wolffian duct degenerates.
Wolffian ducts develop into epididymis, vas deferens, and seminal vesicles.
Wolffian ducts develop into male sex organs , and Mullerian ducts develop into female sex organs.
Wolffian ducts leave outer border of kidneys and run backward.
A wolfhound is a hound
Wolfhounds require a lot of room to grow, play and exercise.
Most Wolfhounds are very gentle with children.
A wolfman is a mythical creature
Wolfman glow in the dark figure approx.
Wolfman is out stalking prey.
All wolfpack memorabilia seen secret nor small, therefore mouth miss everything.
Wolfram research produces software to manipulate math symbols and perform numeric analysis.
A wolfram is metal
Wolfram shows up and lends a hand.
Wolfram takes advantage of right associativity.
Wolfs writing is often cordial and balanced.
Wolfsburg watchers are skeptical.
Wolfsong trips make great gifts for friends, children, grandchildren or for an unusual wedding gift.
Wolmanized lumber is fine.
Wolmanized pine is a harder wood.
Wolmanized wood is clean, non-staining, and odorless.
Wolverine babies are born blind and can often weigh less than a pound.
Wolverine boots has a wide selection of boots for hiking and working.
Wolverine clones can do a lot of damage close up, but they're easy to take out at long range.
Wolverine fur is used for trimming parka hoods because frost slips off hairs easily.
Wolverine fur sheds moisture.
Wolverine habitats include avalanche paths.
Wolverine habitats include paths.
Wolverine pelts are hard to get but make excellent parka ruffs.
Wolverine tracks are similar to wolf prints, but a wolf has four toes, whereas a wolverine has five.
A wolverine is a carnivore
Wolverine asks, glancing at the team's black vinyl costumes.
Wolverine isa mammal.
Wolverine lands on a branch.
Wolverine smashes a metal detector alarm.
Wolverines also have good hearing, but likely have poor vision.
Wolverines also seem to be aware of how to store food.
Wolverines are active at any time of day, year round.
Wolverines are also keen scavengers, with powerful jaws that can crush bones and frozen carcasses.
Wolverines are by far the most aggressive animals here.
Wolverines are carnivores.
Wolverines are considered a rare and vulnerable species.
Wolverines are creatures of cold, snowy landscapes.
Wolverines are demographically vulnerable and susceptible to impacts from climate change.
Wolverines are found at low densities across Alaska.
Wolverines are found in Northern Europe, Siberia, and northern North America.
Wolverines are generally solitary animals.
Wolverines are good climbers and often rest in trees.
Wolverines are known to have a different approach to obstacles than other creatures.
Wolverines are largely nocturnal, but they are often active in daylight.
Wolverines are mainly terrestrial and move with a loping gallop.
Wolverines are mainly terrestrial though they are strong swimmers and excellent tree climbers.
Wolverines are mammals.
Wolverines Are No.
Wolverines are notorious scavengers and thieves.
Wolverines are occasionally able to capture a deer, or chase another predator away from a kill.
Wolverines are omnivores .
Wolverines are omnivores.
Wolverines are one of the largest mustelids.
Wolverines are opportunistic and their diet vary with season and location.
Wolverines are opportunistic feeders and eat a variety of foods depending on availability.
Wolverines are polygamous.
Wolverines are present but never abundant.
Wolverines are scavengers, using the kills of larger predators, such as bear and wolves.
Wolverines are sexually dimorphic.
Wolverines are sexually mature at two to three years of age.
Wolverines are sneaky when finding food, too.
Wolverines are solitary animals except during summer breeding season.
Wolverines are territorial animals and defend large, gender-exclusive territories.
Wolverines are the largest member of the weasel family in North America.
Wolverines are very active creatures, who'll turn on an instant to another activity or interest.
Wolverines are well known, too, for their predation on trappers' catches, and cached provisions.
Wolverines are, however, extremely rare in Michigan.
Wolverines attain maturity.
Wolverines attain most of their adult size and weight within their first year.
Wolverines attain sexual maturity.
Wolverines bring down prey.
Wolverines build dens.
Wolverines can even break into canned goods with their sharp canines.
Wolverines communicate through vocalizations and scent marking.
Wolverines do, however, deserve their reputation for being fierce, even vicious animals.
Wolverines eat bird eggs, berries and any animal they can kill.
Wolverines eat mammals.
Wolverines Enter as No.
Wolverines exhibit delayed implantation.
Wolverines exhibit eyes.
Wolverines experience vernal and autumnal molts.
Wolverines feed on other animals if there is opportunity.
Wolverines has-part backs.
Wolverines has-part eyes.
Wolverines have (part) brains.
Wolverines have (part) breasts.
Wolverines have (part) cell membranes.
Wolverines have (part) cells.
Wolverines have (part) chest cavities.
Wolverines have (part) chests.
Wolverines have (part) corpi.
Wolverines have (part) cytoplasm.
Wolverines have (part) ears.
Wolverines have (part) faces.
Wolverines have (part) heads.
Wolverines have (part) nuclei.
Wolverines have (part) pedal extremities.
Wolverines have (part) piluses.
Wolverines have (part) plasma membranes.
Wolverines have (part) rib cages.
Wolverines have (part) sections.
Wolverines have (part) skulls.
Wolverines have (part) sterna.
Wolverines have (part) vacuoles.
Wolverines have (part) vertebrate feet.
Wolverines have a highly developed sense of smell and can smell food underneath the snow.
Wolverines have a keen sense of smell and hearing.
Wolverines have a near-mythical reputation for toughness and resilience.
Wolverines have a very keen sense of smell that helps it locate food.
Wolverines have a wide variety of nicknames.
Wolverines have an arched back and a foot-long, bushy tail.
Wolverines have appetite.
Wolverines have eyesights.
Wolverines have few, if any, natural predators.
Wolverines have heads.
Wolverines have jaws.
Wolverines have poor eyesights.
Wolverines have powerful jaws that can crush bones.
Wolverines have powerful jaws.
Wolverines have short, thick legs and long, curved, non-retractile claws.
Wolverines have strong teeth.
Wolverines have teeth.
Wolverines have thick, dark, oily fur which is highly hydrophobic , making it resistant to frost.
Wolverines live in remote areas where human populations are sparse.
Wolverines mate in early summer, but implantation of the egg is delayed until winter.
Wolverines nurse for weeks.
Wolverines occupy areas.
Wolverines possess a powerful jaw and strong neck muscles.
Wolverines prefer colder areas because they use the snow for dens, besides food storage.
Wolverines prefer forest habitats and open plains.
Wolverines prefer habitats.
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years .
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years.
Wolverines roam forests.
Wolverines roam mountains.
Wolverines survive for long periods.
Wolverines survive for periods.
Wolverines tend to live in remote and inhospitable places away from human populations.
Wolverines tend to utilize areas that make traveling easy.
Wolverines travel extensively in search of food.
Wolverines win OT thriller First it tipped forward and slowly sagged.
Wolverines frequently cache their food during times of plenty.
Wolverines usually breed during the summer.
Many wolverines are shot due to their habit of preying upon animals that are trapped for fur.
Most wolverines are nocturnal but very active in the day.
Most wolverines attain maturity.
Most wolverines attain sexual maturity.
Most wolverines bring down prey.
Most wolverines build dens.
Most wolverines eat mammals.
Most wolverines has-part backs.
Most wolverines has-part eyes.
Most wolverines have eyesights.
Most wolverines have heads.
Most wolverines have jaws.
Most wolverines have poor eyesights.
Most wolverines have powerful jaws.
Most wolverines have strong teeth.
Most wolverines have teeth.
Most wolverines occupy areas.
Most wolverines prefer habitats.
Most wolverines survive for long periods.
Most wolverines survive for periods.
Some wolverines attack prey.
Some wolverines eat porcupines.
Some wolverines emerge from forests.
Some wolverines enter districts.
Some wolverines feed on berries.
Some wolverines have anal glands.
Some wolverines have anal scent glands.
Some wolverines have diseases.
Some wolverines have glands.
Some wolverines have meat.
Some wolverines have natural predators.
Some wolverines have predators.
Some wolverines have scent glands.
Some wolverines have short legs.
Some wolverines have sides.
Some wolverines kill animals.
Some wolverines kill lynxes.
Some wolverines kill moose.
Some wolverines live in habitats.
Some wolverines live in states.
Some wolverines live in Utah.
Some wolverines look like bears.
Some wolverines make dens.
Some wolverines move into ranges.
Some wolverines occupy positions.
Some wolverines possess balls.
Some wolverines possess senses.
Some wolverines rely on deep snow.
Some wolverines rely on snow.
Some wolverines retract claws.
Some wolverines take steps.
Some wolverines thrive in habitats.
Some wolverines walk on feet.
Most wolves hunt oryxes.
Woman entrepreneurs create hair care products.
Woman entrepreneurs create products.
Most woman entrepreneurs create hair care products.
Most woman entrepreneurs create products.
Woman hate is widely prevalent.
Woman lawyer investigates a Palm Beach murder.
Woman lawyer investigates plane crash.
Woman lawyer investigates the disappearance of children in Texas.
Woman lawyer travels back through time to the Civil War.
Women of color are a focus of some campaigns.
Women of color are approximately twice as likely to have an abortion as White women.
Women of color are especially encouraged to apply.
Women of color are especially encouraged to participate.
Women of color are even less likely to have a pension than are white women.
Women of color are even more likely to live in poverty than are white women.
Women of color are less likely than white women to receive necessary gynecological care.
Women of color are less likely to receive early and regular prenatal care.
Women of color are particularly at risk for poverty in their old age.
Women of color are significantly behind other women on almost every dimension of advancement.
Women of color are still disproportionately on the bottom.
Women of color are the fastest growing segment of the population.
Women of color are the least satisfied of any group on all fronts.
Women of color can portray their ideas of how the world works.
Women of color create the gender gap.
Women of color deserve the same choices, control and respect as any others who choose adoption.
Women of color die from ovarian cancer at disproportionate rates.
Women of color face even greater obstacles.
Women of color face the problem of sexism within the context of racism.
Women of color have an even lower representation among such studies.
Women of color have it particularly bad.
Women of color hold more than half of the fellowships.
Women of color learn to lift up the voice of the voiceless.
Women of color reflect a diverse group of women.
Women of color represent less than one percent of total corporate board seats.
Women of faith have the same problem.
Women of today are foolish to think their survival rates are exemplary.
Women of today have a much larger responsibly the ever before.
Many woman of today take great pleasure and pride in their homemade quilts.
Woman power is here to stay.
Woman prisoners work in the camp.
Woman suffrage is only a question of time.
A woman is a female
A woman is an adult
Woman alone completes man, and man alone completes woman .
Woman alone completes man, and man alone completes woman.
Woman also request man's help in the house.
Woman are distractions, and men can t be distracted when they re working a dangerous job.
Woman are dramatically under represented in all sectors of public and political life.
Woman are far better off being accompanied by another woman.
Woman are generally more compassionate.
Woman are more aware of and as a result more likely to consider, the well-being of others.
Woman are more likely to develop iron-deficiency anemia during pregnancy and menstruation.
Woman are no more likely to gossip then men.
Woman are of a higher sensibility, more spiritual, closer to the truths of the human experience.
Woman are special in many ways.
Woman are subservient to men and have almost no rights in many countries.
Woman are the desired demographic as they run most households and are in control of spending.
Woman are the same as anyother human being.
Woman are three times more likely than men to suffer from migraines.
Woman are two to three times more likely to develop depression than men.
Woman are vulnerable to multiple discrimination including gender discrimination.
Woman arrives at the same by sympathy.
Woman ask into the big bertha copy golf.
Woman assists child in a primary class.
Woman attract with several soul consequently sang billiards supplies.
Woman bears, that is true.
Woman become pregnant merely by swimming or being hit by a bullet.
Woman becomes more active.
Woman becomes more and more a foil to male positiveness.
Woman begins by loving a man and ends by loving love.
Woman bends at knee and lowers to pick up hat.
Woman born male is someone making the choices of a woman born with a male sex.
Woman boys life.
Woman brings bugs into the sterile environment of the corporate office cubicle.
Woman brings chocolate.
Woman brings eternal life to civilization.
Woman calls SuperDuperUltraMegaDirectoryAssistance and asks blushingly for the personal listing.
Woman can be powerful, smart and independent but also sexy, fun and feminine.
Woman can bring biological or spiritual mothers, daughters or both.
Woman can control who fathers their children.
Woman can either be emotions or spirit depending on the context.
Woman can endure as much as a man.
Woman CAN get out and stay out, and have a new life.
Woman can have nobility and greatness of spirit.
Woman can now earn a living and be independent.
Woman can race one category down.
Woman can teach other woman.
Woman cares more for people than for things.
Woman carries armor.
Woman catches chicken and beheads it with hatchet.
Woman climbs into the taxi.
Woman comes around the corner.
Woman comes out ready to fight.
Woman commits the ultimate sacrifice in order to make a difference.
Woman continues to alienate father from pregnancy, birth, and early years of life.
Woman coughs up small amount of blood on several occasions.
Woman cry like baby.
Woman decides motorcycle is a financial liability at best and a dangerous diversion at worst.
Woman desires to have rights, to be independent, educated.
Woman desires to have the right to be independent, educated.
Woman dies after visiting too many tanning parlors in one day.
Woman dies as a result attributed to following Breatharianism.
Woman do as they please here.
Woman dominates the universe.
Woman drowns on golf course .
Woman ends up on man's right side.
Woman enjoys certain privileges of which man is deprived.
Woman exists for the sake of man.
Woman exists primarily to be raped.
Woman exits the building and walks slowly towards the street.
Woman falls from desk.
Woman falls from height.
Woman falls from swing, avoids injuries.
Woman falls in love with gay couple.
Woman feels like a third millennium mademoiselle.
Woman fights homeowners assn.
Woman fills the information needs of an underserved market.
Woman finally Soldier being either error out no deep teen bedrooms.
Woman finds a new summer glamour.
Woman gain the right to vote in Arizona.
Woman gains merit by filling monk's alms bowl with rice.
Woman gets a shovel to the head.
Woman gets beat-up, woman gets counseling, the guy gets nothing.
Woman gets holes drilled in head.
Woman gets out of car and walks towards apartment house.
Woman gleefully accepts and walks off smiling.
Woman go players in China are far stronger than their Japanese counterparts.
Woman go where the power is.
Woman goes back to work and worries all day.
Woman goes into a hardware store and asks the clerk for two AA batteries.
Woman goes to clinic, gets pelvic exam.
Woman goes to unfamiliar place to teach children of aristocrat who hates fun.
Woman hangs copper or silver hook with butterfly and water lily designs.
Woman has a badly swollen or deformed hand.
Woman has baby' rates, as a non-story, along with 'man has sex with wife'.
Woman has baby.
Woman has dark wavy hair with glasses.
Woman has no comprehension of paragons.
Woman has no political existence.
Woman has serious case of 'supermarket trolley rage'.
Woman has the position of the master.
Woman have a better prognosis when compared to men with the same pathological entity.
Woman have a better sense of smell than men .
Woman have a pretty sure intuition about such things.
Woman have an advantage in collecting information.
Woman have different priorities from men and a different learning style.
Woman have their pick of men.
Woman have, by nature, a fluid chemical personality.
Woman hits man in crotch.
Woman hits soldier with distaff.
Woman Hold on a sec.
Woman holds a diaphragm.
Woman holds child and parents bring children to meetings.
Woman holds skirt up and to side.
Woman holds skirt with right hand.
Woman inherits the earth.
Woman is a Christian newsletter and support group for mothers and other women.
Woman is a church.
Woman is a creature of many passions.
Woman is a gender.
Woman is a generalization of Heather.
Woman is a prize and means.
Woman is a profound mystery.
Woman is a riddle.
Woman is a source of temptation .
Woman is a source of temptation.
Woman is a stranger to fidelity.
Woman is a tiger.
Woman is a woman.
Woman is alien to truth since truth is alien to woman.
Woman is also flesh.
Woman is amenable to our laws.
Woman is an effect of word processing.
Woman is attached to Earth, weighted in search of more weightlessness.
Woman is beautiful.
Woman is believed to be subordinate to the domineering husband.
Woman is cast down and dominated by man.
Woman is conceived as the giver of gold, selja gulls.
Woman is created to be the heart of the family, the heart of love.
Woman is cunt, lustful, wanton.
Woman is dark space, earth and water.
Woman is divided into three vignettes.
Woman is equal to man in the execution.
Woman is famed particularly for the delight and pleasure of man.
Woman is fickle, a feather to the wind, no orator or thinker.
Woman is free to make the basic decision whether to bear an unwanted child.
Woman is given a massage by a physiotherapist on a sports field.
Woman is home and home is woman.
Woman is impregnated by octopus eggs.
Woman is impregnated with sperm carried by bullet .
Woman is incidental, delivering babies is what doctors do.
Woman is intolerant of all commands and all morose constraint.
Woman is like a slave, weak, and too unequipped and dangerous.
Woman is love's umpire.
Woman is man s calling card.
Woman is man's companion.
Woman is more ballsy than man.
Woman is more changeable than the winds.
Woman is mother earth, the foundation, the back bone.
Woman is naturally a teacher of the young, a domesti- eator, a gardener, and so on.
Woman is passive, man active.
Woman is passivity, art is activity.
Woman is pretty tough.
Woman is quite different.
Woman is seen as a frightening and incomprehensible other.
Woman is seen as a pure manifestation of the elemental forces of nature.
Woman is seen ethically as dangerous to the male.
Woman is so damn sexy it clouds the mind.
Woman is the companion of man, gifted with equal mental capacity.
Woman is the counterpart of man.
Woman is the destroyer of man.
Woman is the external celebration, of femininity.
Woman is the first immortal, the first vampyre.
Woman is the glory of the man.
Woman is the head of family.
Woman is the incarnation of ahimsa .
Woman is the incarnation of ahimsa.
Woman is the keeper of the house which is the base of civilization.
Woman is the mother and servant of man.
Woman is the object of desire.
Woman is the object of speech.
Woman is the primary force between the parents who is responsible for creating good citizens.
Woman is the result.
Woman is the subject, who is independent and creative.
Woman is the symbol of divine beauty.
Woman is the symbol of love and motherhood.
Woman is the word.
Woman is timid.
Woman is to be submissive to the man.
Woman is to feminist as lavender is to purple.
Woman is to man the great mystery of life.
Woman is treated there like a machine for producing children . . .
Woman is unexpectedly pregnant after having four daughters.
Woman is very creative.
Woman is woman's natural ally.
Woman is, after all, the only true painter of that gentle and beautiful mystery, the heart of woman.
Woman isa adult.
Woman isa individual.
Woman isa person.
Woman isa somebody.
Woman isa someone.
Woman Keep it simple.
Woman kills at least five guys.
Woman knocks on the door of Apt.
Woman knows nothing of fidelity.
Woman leads in storywriting today, as the magazine pages testify.
Woman learns to recognize fertile days of menstrual cycle.
Woman likes it to a point.
Woman lives around most teeth next went air jordan iv.
Woman lives around most teeth next went callaway big bertha war bird.
Woman lives around most teeth next went saints caps.
Woman looking at framed tintype portraits ca.
Woman looks around.
Woman looks at it like that.
Woman looks for a closer culprit.
Woman love to do the dishes.
Woman loves or abhors, and man admires or despises.
Woman loving woman can be an alchemical process which reaches into our very cells.
Woman loving woman, muff diving at it's finest.
Woman Made is now are also offering daytime tours of the gallery which include a box lunch.
Woman means 'loser' .
Woman moves on one place with new partner.
Woman natually tend to have more yin than man, but there are individual differences.
Woman never can understand the different definitions of a word.
Woman never see face so blow away entire body of soldiers just to be safe, for revenge.
Woman offers apartment for rent.
Woman offers ultimate for chocololics' dreams Chocoholics, listen up.
Woman opens no-kill animal shelter.
Woman play a prominent role in the Bible.
Woman pokes futilely at piece of steak.
Woman poses as prom queen and nude with some erotic stories.
Woman pours libation for departing warrior.
Woman pours water from bucket into jar.
Woman quickly hails a cab.
Woman realizes what's up.
Woman rears the child and educates the youth to maturity.
Woman receives a message from an angel.
Woman reports a car vs deer collision.
Woman require near an lack though eaten articcat snowmobiles.
Woman require near an lack though eaten dance camps.
Woman require near an lack though eaten north face condors.
Woman resources on womens issues contained in a single home page.
Woman returns to clinic for another exam to make sure abortion was complete.
Woman returns to husband in the end.
Woman rides champion horse in the Kentucky Derby.
Woman roasts monkey over fire.
Woman rub below little way but collect ultra wheels roller blade.
Woman run faster with skirt up than man run with pants down.
Woman s right to choose their husbands is a pre-requisite of a legitimate marriage.
Woman say man dead man.
Woman searches for a powerful and determined look.
Woman seeks Iranian presidency.
Woman Seeks Stronger Rape Laws.
Woman seeks woman.
Woman sees man.
Woman serves a function in the sexual rapport only qua mother.
Woman ski nicely.
Woman slaps man in tense scene.
Woman somehow deteriorate during the night.
Woman speaks to the driver.
Woman spend a majority of their evening praying while the men continue to share drink and song.
Woman standing in background is a local Caucasian church worker assisting in the evacuation.
Woman stands up looking furious.
Woman starts off much higher.
Woman stays put, men go get the world.
Woman stifles moan.
Woman still are, after all, our society's primary caregivers.
Woman stops band of men with marshal arts moves.
Woman strives for loveliness, man for dignity.
Woman take to good hearted man.
Woman takes the chair, seems pleasant enough.
Woman tells man to grow up.
Woman then unwraps back to original position.
Woman traveling alone are more likely to be turned back then men.
Woman try their luck, men risk there's.
Woman turns to right.
Woman use other methods listed.
Woman uses men's bathroom.
Woman walks away.
Woman walks forward and does a half turn to right to face the man.
Woman wants to talk to an officer about harassing phone calls.
Woman weaving a straw hat, reliance on traditional crafts for survival is great.
Woman weep about few badminton racquet.
Woman weep about few carolina panthers poster.
Woman wins 'satanic memories' suit against therapists.
Woman work hard to pay.
Woman works for baby and for boss.
Women ably manage many non-governmental organizations.
Women Aboard has two hours.
Women abort, men kill each other in war.
Women absorb alcohol into the bloodstream faster and metabolize it slower than men.
Women absorb alcohol more quickly because their bodies contain less water.
Women absorb and metabolize alcohol differently from men.
Women abuse their husbands just as much as the opposite.
Women account for a large percentage of participation.
Women account for a larger percentage of drivers over the last several decades.
Women account for almost half of graduate students.
Women account for almost half of the law school's student ambassadors.
Women account for almost half of the total enrollment.
Women account for almost half of total enrollment.
Women account for almost one-half of the enrollment.
Women account for eight in ten people diagnosed with the disease.
Women account for more than ninety percent of people with eating disorders.
Women account for more than three out of five deaths from stroke.
Women account for nearly half of all workers.
Women account for nearly half of new infections.
Women account for nearly half our students.
Women account for nearly two-thirds of black undergraduates, and the gap is widening.
Women account for only a handful of chefs, pastry chefs, and sous-chefs in restaurants.
Women account for only a third of all professional jobs in the nation.
Women account for the majority of new workers in both industrialized and developing countries.
Women account for two thirds of illiterate people in the world.
Women account for two to six times more nursing-home days.
Women accumulate fat mostly in the legs, arms, and hips.
Women achieve a certain level of comfort in water that reduces fear and stress levels.
Women achieve a level of comfort in the water that in turn reduces their levels of fear and stress.
Women achieve equality.
Women achieve higher blood alcohol levels than do men for equivalent doses of alcohol.
Women achieve maximal bone density by our mid-thirties.
Women achieve pregnancy.
Women achieve their sexual assessments in a briefer period of time.
Women acknowledge that the project has reduced their workload in terms of fetching water.
Women acknowledge their assaults.
Women Acknowledge Their Assaults.
Women acquire babies.
Women acquire injuries.
Women acquire opportunity.
Women act as mentors and mentees through a variety of activities.
Women act less aggressively and believe less in aggression.
Women act like men and want to be treated like women.
Women act out sexually, too, but the pattern is more common in men.
Women actively choose to become involved in our organized mission movement.
Women actively create their own programs, conducting interviews, and disseminating news coverage.
Women Activists Many resources for women.
Women actually abuse, assault and kill men more often then the reverse.
Women actually control slightly more than half of all personal wealth.
Women actually enjoy the mall.
Women actually have fewer rights as married women than they have as a single person.
Women actually have more mental health problems in certain areas than men.
Women actually make more androgens than estrogens daily and convert the androgens to estrogens.
Women actually read installation manuals.
Women adapt easily in difficult situations.
Women adapt quickly and think fast.
Women add a different flavor.
Women add a question, tweak a thread or make things more complicated.
Women add different stories than the standard male heroe.
Women adjust their retirement plans to their husbands situation.
Women admire ambitious men, but resent men who lose sleep over their careers.
Women adore dangerous men.
Women adorn themselves in beautifully dyed and hand printed sarees and salvars.
Women advocate for women s rights, minorities for minority rights, etc.
Women affected by congenital heart defects share their experiences.
Women age more quickly in our society by social definition if in no other way.
Women age quicker than men.
Women age too, in different ways.
Women agonize over unwanted pregnancies.
Women agree that they look best when they are giving oral sex.
Women align themselves from the opposite side.
Women allow their emotions to get in the way of facts when presenting an argument.
Women allow themselves to have orgasms.
Women allow themselves to receive from men because that's the feminine nature.
Women almost have an advantage today in terms of financial services.
Women alone exist also in huge numbers today.
Women alone tend to regard themselves or to look into middle-distance.
Women already are there.
Women already face a tough situation when it comes to saving for retirement.
Women already get equal pay for equal work.
Women already have equal rights.
Women already have equality.
Women already have such a rule, with a numerical quota.
Women already know how to give birth.
Women already know how.
Women already live forever.
Women already play an enormous role in food.
Women already play an indispensable role in African economies with little if any assistance.
Women already play vital roles in the country's political life.
Women already see men as larger and more powerful.
Women also account for about two-fifths of business, medical, and law school graduates.
Women also appear as minor plot elements.
Women also appear particularly susceptible to stress fractures and anterior knee pain.
Women also appear to have suffered trauma and abuse more frequently than men.
Women also appear to take cocaine less frequently than men do.
Women also appreciate a lot of tongular action.
Women also are able to choose between a greater variety of lifestyles.
Women also are an important health care resource, and often the primary family caregiver.
Women also are in the merchant marine and navies throughout the world.
Women also are less able to metabolize alcohol, particularly due to hormone fluctuations.
Women also are less likely to run when there is only one representative.
Women also are less likely to take rigorous courses in high school, although that is changing.
Women also are likely to be underinsured as well as underserved.
Women also are more heavily involved in the informal sector than are men.
Women also are more likely to be the primary caregiver for aging parents and ill family members.
Women also are more likely to die from breast cancer than from endometrial cancer.
Women also are more likely to go on-line to search for health information or to find jobs.
Women also are more likely to lack adequate funds to pay for health care or to be uninsured.
Women also are more likely to recognize the harmful effects of stereotypes.
Women also are more likely to self-injure than men.
Women also are more likely to walk than men.
Women also are more undecided about the race.
Women also are physically aggressive against their intimate partners.
Women also are vulnerable to many other kinds of cancer such as breast and lung cancer.
Women also arrive on our campuses hoping to establish a personal relationship with faculty.
Women also associate breast cancer with dying young.
Women also associate menopause with the polluted nature of menstruation.
Women also assume a disproportionate burden in attending to the needs of dying family members.
Women also begin to lose their jobs as men come back from the war.
Women also belong to the mining cooperatives.
Women also buy two-thirds of prescribed tranquilizers and sedatives.
Women also can ask their own questions related to breastfeeding.
Women also can be abusers.
Women also can be more difficult to diagnose.
Women also can choose to begin vocational counseling while residing at the shelter.
Women also can get assistance and support from professional lactation consultants.
Women also can have the syndrome with no infection present.
Women also can visit the clinic prenatally.
Women also care for the poultry and small livestock, as well as cultivate the gardens.
Women also carry the burden of raising children and running the household.
Women also carry the primary responsibility for management of their homes and neighbourhoods.
Women also change if they are having an affair.
Women also change jobs more frequently than men, making vesting in a pension difficult.
Women also change themselves in order to capture the male s attention.
Women also choose quality of the test as a reason for failure more often than did men.
Women also collect natural medicines, fuelwood and water for their families.
Women also compete in three styles of dance, but do a jingle dance instead of a grass dance.
Women also compete in volleyball and tennis, and men participate in football and baseball.
Women also compete on an equal basis with men and receive equal pay for government jobs.
Women also conceal their past abortions in longitudinal and retrospective studies.
Women also confront sex discrimination when they seek new employment.
Women also constitute a rising share of people being awarded college and postgraduate degrees.
Women also constitute the majority of the world's refugees and internally displaced persons.
Women also continue to be disproportionately affected by human rights violations.
Women also continue to be under-represented in governments and political parties.
Women also continue to face a large wage gap.
Women also continue to serve as the primary caregivers for their families.
Women also control most spending.
Women also crossdress, and in larger numbers than has been previously acknowledged.
Women also dedicate a significant amount of time to child care.
Women also delay because they don t want to bother anybody.
Women also describe how their standing in the village improves.
Women also develop a characteristic pattern of hair loss.
Women also develop the civic skills needed to participate in wider discussions.
Women also discover how easy self-examination is performed.
Women also do dirt and men get hurt.
Women also do it.
Women also do pottery and the pots are bought and taken to markets.
Women also dream.
Women also dress more casually for business and social occasions than on the mainland.
Women also earn cash income as agricultural wage labourers.
Women also ejaculate during sexual intercourse.
Women also encounter special barriers.
Women also endure tremendous pressure from society to attain a certain ideal of physical beauty.
Women also experience a more severe level of poverty than men.
Women also experience avoidance symptoms.
Women also experience gender specific risks from tobacco and environmental tobacco smoke.
Women also experience limited educational opportunity.
Women also experience longer interruptions than men.
Women also experience more nausea, vomiting, sensitivity to light and intense pain than men.
Women also experience nocturnal orgasms.
Women also experience severe pain in the genitals while having sex.
Women also experience the stopping of periods, which usually returns once the starving has halted.
Women also face a markedly increased risk of uterine and ovarian cancer.
Women also face discrimination in hiring and promotion.
Women also face economic barriers.
Women also face legal restrictions on passing citizenship on to children.
Women also face other hardships.
Women also face reproductive hazards from smoking.
Women also face singleness, death, or the difficulty of finding a safe, caring partner.
Women also face the added threat of transmitting infections to their unborn children.
Women also face unique health effects from smoking such as problems related to pregnancy.
Women also face unique issues when it comes to money.
Women also fare poorly in executive offices.
Women also feed the cattle, while men usually take cattle for grazing.
Women also feel a sense of power in the practice.
Women also feel mandatory testing is unnecessary because of the trust issues in their lives.
Women also find it difficult to cope with gray hair.
Women also fish using traditional fish traps, which are still in use in the outer islands.
Women also fish, mostly in local ponds.
Women also flock to belly-dancing, a sensual and ancient art.
Women also gain weight in their waist, too, though.
Women also gather NWFPs that are primarily sold in the market.
Women also get an income from selling fruits of perennial species in local markets.
Women also get estrogen from birth control pills and hormone replacement therapy.
Women also get idiopathic cystitis and the human disease is also frustrating to treat.
Women also get together every ten days to reapply their own body paint.
Women also give birth and quite naturally affect the population of the world.
Women also go on weight loss diets, repeatedly and often.
Women also graduate high school and college at a higher rate, and they earn better grades.
Women also hang out in the lobby and are obvious to the knowing eye.
Women also harvest grains and other crops for food and survival.
Women also have a far greater range of signals then what men do.
Women also have a hard time distinguishing tone of voice once their hearing declines.
Women also have a lower failure rate than men in starting new businesses.
Women also have a major role in homestead forestry.
Women also have a much higher incidence of osteoporosis the progressive loss of bone mass than men.
Women also have a narrower heel in relation to their forefoot than men.
Women also have a slightly different vocabulary from men.
Women also have a thorough knowledge of breeding and selection.
Women also have considerably lower total lifetime earnings than men.
Women also have economic power now.
Women also have equal educational opportunities and increasingly work outside the home.
Women also have fewer health issues resulting from their monthly cycles and menopause.
Women also have fewer professional role models than men.
Women also have less income to cover health care needs.
Women also have lower incomes than men from pensions and other sources.
Women also have more health risks from smoking than men.
Women also have orgasms through vaginal stimulation.
Women also have other ambitions.
Women also have sexual urges.
Women also have special reproductive health vulnerabilities.
Women also have special work, sport, heavy duty, and socks for specific medical needs.
Women also have status now.
Women also have testosterone, but less of it.
Women also have the option of transforming their looks in bed.
Women also have the power to help educate and support their peers, and to confront abusive males.
Women also have the right to file divorce and fight for child custody.
Women also have their list of qualifications.
Women also have their own secret society.
Women also have their own standards set by the boto.
Women also have to be careful about the implications of certain test results.
Women also have to be caregivers and are usually unpaid, untrained, and unrecognized.
Women also have to be educated about emergency contraception.
Women also have to dispute on their wages.
Women also have to sing better than a guy.
Women also have trouble getting other prescriptions covered, even for serious diseases.
Women also head most house- holds and control most family property.
Women also hold close to half of all managerial and professional jobs.
Women also hold contrary agendas and motivations forusing the Internet.
Women also hold leading positions in cultural life.
Women also hunt smaller game like lizards, witchetty grubs and rabbits.
Women also increase their risk by wiping from back to front after a bowel movement.
Women also initiate, direct and participate in alternatives to poverty and violence.
Women also know how to reach out and ask for help from others, and to help others grow and develop.
Women also know now that they can say yes, that they can want and like sex.
Women also know the uses of traditional medicinal resources of various plants.
Women also lack awareness of heart attack warning signals .
Women also lead many of our firm's industry and practice groups.
Women also learn about pregnancy and childbirth from their midwife.
Women also learn self-defense better with other women.
Women also learn when it comes to sex.
Women also learn when they are most fertile and likely to conceive.
Women also leave their mother and father and cleave to their spouse.
Women also like more kissing, hugging, stroking, and cuddling during sex.
Women also like to see themselves and their interests reflected on screen.
Women also like to spend money shopping.
Women also live longer than men do.
Women also live longer.
Women also live on the second floor, while men live on the third through fifth floors.
Women also look at the human side of things.
Women also lose bone rapidly after menopause.
Women also lose the production ability of estrogen when they go through menopause.
Women also love casual sex.
Women also love how a man looks during oral sex.
Women also make an earning for their family.
Women also make more conservative investments when they invest their retirement savings themselves.
Women also make sure that homework is done and that children are in school every day.
Women also make thekudas and namkeens.
Women also make up a large proportion of the informal sector where income is largely unrecorded.
Women also make up one-third of our civil service.
Women also manage the household and family finances and care for the children.
Women also milk the cows that provide the family with dairy products.
Women also moonlight on second jobs now nearly as frequently as men do.
Women also note a change in their menstrual flow patterns.
Women also observe specific 'purdah' in Malaysia, Egypt, Syria and Iran.
Women also occupy lower employment positions than men.
Women also outnumber men in particular academic fields -for example, nursing.
Women also overeat if they are anxious about the pregnancy and birth.
Women also participate in the cash crop sector.
Women also participate in what some students are calling a questionable ritual.
Women also pay attention to history, tradition, and stories, and they encourage creativity.
Women also play a big role in growing secondary crops, such as legumes and vegetables.
Women also play a dominant role in marketing of cassava produce.
Women also play a key role in evangelism.
Women also play a key role in preserving order and normalcy in the midst of chaos and destruction.
Women also play a primary role in waste disposal and environmental management.
Women also play hockey.
Women also play unexpectedly heroic roles at key points in the story.
Women also play volleyball in the fall.
Women also possess a special kind of power called aje .
Women also pray separately in synagogues.
Women also predominate in part-time jobs.
Women also prefer pro sports by a wide margin.
Women also produce high quality pots that are sold in the local markets for profit.
Women also produce less enzymes to break down the alcohol.
Women also produce smegma, quite a bit more than men actually.
Women also rate news that fits into their day higher than men do.
Women also receive lashes as a judicial punishment.
Women also receive personal grooming supplies such as shampoo, make-up and deodorant.
Women also receive short shrift.
Women also refer more often than men to chatting about TV programmes with friends and workmates.
Women also rely heavily on their obstetrician for information.
Women also rely on the Internet.
Women also report more depression than men, about twice as much.
Women also report other side effects which are less common.
Women also report that they are less likely to follow the stock market and open retirement accounts.
Women also report the cessation of hair loss and new hair growth.
Women also represent just over half of all government production workers.
Women also represent the majority of health care providers at home, in the community and on the job.
Women also respond more readily to medication.
Women also risk having problems if they want to become pregnant.
Women also score higher on mathematical calculation tests.
Women also score slightly lower on the verbal portion of the test.
Women also seem more skilled at giving and receiving it.
Women also seem to be at a disadvantage when it comes to professional support and mentoring.
Women also seem to be much more aware of their talents and abilities than they used to be.
Women also seem to benefit more from social support for their quitting efforts than men.
Women also seem to have participated in every occupation and trade available to men.
Women also share responsibility.
Women also shop here for cosmetics.
Women also show extraordinary courage in fighting the system.
Women also show more awareness of, and engagement with, the visitor to the site.
Women also spend a lot of free time on embroidery in clothing.
Women also spend more time engaged in child care and domestic tasks.
Women also start to menstruate earlier and are going through the menopause later.
Women also struggle with resentment, but they are less likely to disengage from the family.
Women also substitute exotic varieties to save labour.
Women also suffer extensive societal discrimination.
Women also suffer from an unfair legal status despite the increasing numbers of working women.
Women also suffer from eating disorders more often than men.
Women also suffer from lack of forethought when protected areas are created.
Women also suffer more meniscus tears than men.
Women also suffer severe disadvantages against adult men even when size is equal.
Women also take a harsher view of the president's accusers.
Women also take an active part in war as combatants.
Women also take care of the health care needs of our families, from children to elderly relatives.
Women also take care of the household duties.
Women also tattoo their stomachs and wear straw and wood in their pierced nostrils.
Women also tend to be burdened by poverty more often than men.
Women also tend to be more likely at any given time to be dieting than men.
Women also tend to be shorter and lighter than men.
Women also tend to blame themselves for perceived failures more often do men.
Women also tend to draw whistles and lewd remarks from local men.
Women also tend to earn less than men.
Women also tend to experience more depressive and mixed state episodes than do men.
Women also tend to group in specific areas of work such as retail, education or health.
Women also tend to have a shorter reach and weaker upper body than men of a similar height.
Women also tend to have higher triglyceride levels.
Women also tend to have more chronic pain problems than men.
Women also tend to have pupil dilation when they are interested in a male.
Women also tend to have smaller feet than men.
Women also tend to hold the least skilled and lowest paying jobs.
Women also tend to lack confidence and be less sure of themselves than men.
Women also tend to live longer than men in the United States.
Women also tend to live longer.
Women also tend to live seven years longer than men.
Women also tend to make greater use of public transportation.
Women also tend to other small livestock in addition to their garden work.
Women also tend to pronate a bit more.
Women also tend to receive shorter sentences than men.
Women also tend to run more livestock specialty operations, like goat and horse farms.
Women also tend to shake their head in an effort to toss their hair.
Women also tend to smoke brands of cigarettes that are lower in nicotine.
Women also tend to spend all their earnings on the welfare of their families.
Women also tend to start using substances and come into treatment later than do men.
Women also tend to stay in bed longer with a migraine than men do.
Women also tend to use makeup to express their personality and their needs.
Women also tend to use much more toilet paper than men.
Women also tilt their heads while conversing, which tends to erode their power.
Women also tolerate ambiguity better than men do.
Women also use bark, roots and herbs for medicines.
Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets .
Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets.
Women also use drugs and alcohol to mask their pain and escape the violence.
Women also use intensifiers to express emotionality.
Women also use space in a more confining way.
Women also use the Internet to escape and take some time for themselves at the end of a long day.
Women also use the sideways glance to show interest.
Women also value assertiveness and aggression in the male personality.
Women also visit the barbershop to get their eyebrows trimmed and shaped.
Women also wear a floor length robe called an abaaya.
Women also wear a long dress and a hat.
Women also wear a veil that covers their head and face.
Women also wear dresses during the warmer months.
Women also wear flat caps.
Women also wear hats with their national costume.
Women also wear it over the hair.
Women also wear jeans with sweaters or blouses.
Women also wear large hats banded in brightly colored ribbon-like patterns.
Women also wear leather sandals, generally with heels.
Women also wear shawls.
Women also wear shirts and breast protectors.
Women also wear special headdresses called chikhtas.
Women also welcome.
Women also work in clinics, as teachers, and as factory workers.
Women also work in the fields and forests alongside the men.
Women also work in the fields with the men, as needed.
Women also work more hours than men when paid and unpaid work are combined.
Women also worry about bumping into the glass ceiling - most offers still stop at associate pastor.
Women also wove baskets and brooms and gathered wood for the fire.
Women also wove many types of basketry mats for household use.
Women alter environments.
Women apparently choose presidents the way they choose bad first husbands.
Women apparently experience similar sleep arousal.
Women apparently have enough avenues of their own available to discuss general issues.
Women appear almost solely as photographers.
Women appear at the door with tears in their eyes, axes in hand.
Women appear in illustrations and text mostly as nurses, wives, daughters and patients.
Women appear in two of the twelve woodcuts.
Women appear more prone than men to develop it.
Women appear out of nowhere to give hugs.
Women appear particularly vulnerablehere.
Women appear somewhat more likely to complete their degrees than men.
Women appear to adjust their perspiration rate more efficiently to the required loss of heat.
Women appear to be affected slightly more often than men.
Women appear to be affected twice as frequently as men.
Women appear to be at greater risk than men, although men generally experience more trauma.
Women appear to be at higher risk for developing AD, only in part due to increased longevity.
Women appear to be at higher risk just before and during menstruation.
Women appear to be at higher risk than are men.
Women appear to be faring quite well in that area, according to their institutions' reports.
Women appear to be less inclined to continue drug use after initial experimentation.
Women appear to be more conservative investors than men.
Women appear to be more conservative than men in making business growth decisions.
Women appear to be more likely to develop skin bruising.
Women appear to be more sensitive to the adverse effects of alcohol than men.
Women appear to be more susceptible to the harm of the cancer-causing chemicals in cigarette smoke.
Women appear to be more vulnerable than men to many adverse consequences of alcohol use.
Women appear to be more willing to pay for Internet services compared to men.
Women appear to be working their way up the ranks, and many are now serving as field commanders.
Women appear to give a higher priority to location and working conditions than men.
Women appear to have been specifically targeted.
Women appear to have lower thresholds and less tolerance.
Women appear to have more difficulty quitting smoking than do men.
Women appear to have some advantages and disadvantages in quitting smoking.
Women appear to pass on the different gene three times more often than men.
Women appear to pay more attention to dietary information in the mass media than do men.
Women appear to take it harder than men.
Women appear, only very briefly, as mothers, wives, typists.
Women apply carcinogenic substances to their faces, that animals are tortured to produce and test.
Women apply henna and wear new clothes and lots of jewellery.
Women apply the cream twice daily after bathing and before bedtime.
Women apply the natural breast enlargement cream twice daily after bathing and before bedtime.
Women apply the paste by hand using sticks or feathers.
Women appreciate small attentions.
Women appreciate the sincerity and non-commercial appeal.
Women approach and then recede.
Women approach food as the enemy.
Women approach friendships in a way that is characterized by acceptance, intimacy, and support.
Women approach interpersonal behavior as relational issues.
Women approach Items among body via whatever the poisonwood bible that repair into several wound.
Women approach problems differently.
Women approach their closets every morning as if they've never seen the contents before.
Women are a burden to men, because they depend on men for food and shelter and other necessities.
Women are a circle, they give, take and hold on to each other.
Women are a complaining fountain.
Women are a critical part of our military forces.
Women are a curse.
Women are a degraded and terrorized people.
Women are a disproportionate part of the have-nots.
Women are a dynamic force in the labor movement.
Women are a favorite target for many advertisers.
Women are a force to be reckoned with on the Web.
Women are a good deal more verbal than men, especially during love-making.
Women are a growing percentage of our customer base.
Women are a highly valuable and rare commodity in the anime world.
Women are a homogeneous group.
Women are a huge economic force in society.
Women are a huge percentage of the poor in the third world.
Women are a key part of the solution to hunger.
Women are a key resource to societies.
Women are a large and very important part of the work force.
Women are a large part of the paddlesports market.
Women are a legitimate military target, for giving birth to soldiers.
Women are a little tougher on the younger generation than men.
Women are a lot more complacent.
Women are a lot more complicated than men and usually a lot more practical.
Women are a lot more confident about their shapes and their bodies.
Women are a lot of trouble, but worth all of it and more.
Women are a major force in our society.
Women are a major force in the professions of law, medicine, media, politics, and business.
Women are a major force in the professions of law, medicine, the media, politics and business.
Women are a major vehicle of change for development in Ghana.
Women are a majority of elders.
Women are a majority of the population, but still considered a minority.
Women are a minority in computer science.
Women are a minority in key government farm jobs in rural America, but they're gaining.
Women are a minority on many different levels of communication.
Women are a myriad of personalities, and they take on a multitude of roles.
Women are a part of every man's life.
Women are a part of everyone's lives.
Women are a part of the community.
Women are a particularly important target group for prevention and cessation efforts.
Women are a philosophy.
Women are a plurality in all of our programs.
Women are a powerful force in the American economy, both as workers and as employers.
Women are a powerful force in the financial market.
Women are a rarity in local government positions.
Women are a separate group due to their biological distinctiveness.
Women are a Sex.
Women are a significant and crucial asset to university activism.
Women are a significant consumer base with increasing buying power.
Women are a slight majority in the student population.
Women are a small minority among engineers in the region.
Women are a source of strength for each other.
Women are a sport.
Women are a strategic issue.
Women are a strong force in family happiness and decision making in the home.
Women are a valuable creative force, but they also have the right and duty to be mothers.
Women are a very small minority of parties, and only a handful of women hold office in Guinea.
Women are a vital part of our workforce and of our patient base.
Women are able to denounce bad treatment and if necessary get shelter.
Women are able to express their feminist beliefs in a respecable manner.
Women are able to inherit land or property, take out bank loans, and have custody over children.
Women are able to move through the evening with a sense of safety.
Women are able to retain all property they owned prior to marriage in the case of divorce.
Women are able to tap into the overall programme of the union.
Women are able to vote and enjoy equal rights to men.
Women are able to work together and communicate across barriers and divides.
Women are about four times more likely to develop osteoporosis than men.
Women are about half as likely as men to have pension-based health insurance policies.
Women are about six times more likely than men to experience violence committed by an intimate.
Women are about six times more likely to develop the disorder.
Women are about three times more at risk than men.
Women are about three times more likely to experience Major Depression than men.
Women are about three times more likely to get the disease than men.
Women are about twice as likely to be depressed as men.
Women are absolutely and irradicably central to that process.
Women are active and increasingly successful in private business and enterprise.
Women are active and increasingly successful in private business and enterprises.
Women are active as traders in an otherwise male-dominated society.
Women are active at both the formal and informal levels.
Women are active consumer advocates, supporting environmental responsibility and product safety.
Women are active in Afghanistan in every field.
Women are active in government and politics at both local and national levels.
Women are active in government and politics at both the local and national levels.
Women are active in planting, fertilizing, harvesting, processing, storage and marketing.
Women are active in political life.
Women are active in public service.
Women are active in technology.
Women are active in voicing opinion on products and services .
Women are active participants in military leadership.
Women are actually better at some space tasks than men.
Women are actually equally likely to get heart disease as men.
Women are actually in charge of everything.
Women are adaptable to change, and willing to change.
Women are adept at hearing what the customer needs.
Women are adults.
Women are advised to consume nettle regularly.
Women are affected by urinary incontinence more often than men.
Women are affected more commonly than men.
Women are affected when they have two copies of the disease allele.
Women are afraid of confrontation.
Women are afraid of losing money.
Women are afraid of making faux pas.
Women are afraid to have children.
Women are afraid to plant rice or search for firewood.
Women are alive today because our ancestors gave birth beautifully.
Women are all about relationships, after all, whether it be with a best girlfriend or a plumber.
Women are all but naked, and are even now wearing topless bathing suits.
Women are all different in wondrously unique and varied ways.
Women are all different.
Women are all stick thin.
Women are all the same.
Women are all too often misdiagnosed until it becomes too late .
Women are all too often neglected in medical science.
Women are almost absent, except for the category of crocheting.
Women are almost always part of the disempowered class.
Women are almost an afterthought compared to the loneliness and purity of the adolescent male.
Women are almost completely absent from the carpet-weaving industry in north India.
Women are almost equally unattired.
Women are almost irrelevant to the story.
Women are almost three times as likely to be in nursing homes as men.
Women are almost twice as likely as men to be imprisoned for drug-related offenses.
Women are almost twice as likely as men to be involved.
Women are almost twice as likely to develop depression as are men.
Women are already confused enough about their emotional health.
Women are already married to women.
Women are already more likely to vote than men.
Women are already on the Net and gaining in numbers and power each day.
Women are already there in the field, working on a shoestring.
Women are already well represented.
Women are also a little freer to display their personality through their clothes.
Women are also a little more likely to feel that a boring or non-existent sex life can be jazzed up.
Women are also a small part of the Web audience.
Women are also able to open bank accounts for their children, just as men can.
Women are also active in the self-employed sector.
Women are also at a higher risk.
Women are also at greater risk after menopause, when levels of gonadotropins rise.
Women are also at greater risk for heart disease after menopause or hysterectomy.
Women are also at high risk for breast cancer and depression.
Women are also at higher risk for cardiovascular difficulties.
Women are also at risk for dying from other causes.
Women are also at risk if they have already had a child with a genetic disorder.
Women are also best off in a suit or at least a jacket.
Women are also better at juggling many balls, which is important for any leader.
Women are also better than men at making and maintaining connections with others.
Women are also concerned about first meetings.
Women are also concerned about the appearance of their homes.
Women are also considerably less likely than men to buy products online.
Women are also curious to learn how men dissect their lives.
Women are also disproportionately the victims of the rise in crime and the fall in health care.
Women are also eligible for the awars, although none have so far received one.
Women are also enamored with the action supplied by movies.
Women are also even more prone to infection.
Women are also far less likely to have an occupational nickname or one based on a place-name.
Women are also generally more willing to seek help than men are.
Women are also heavily involved in agricultural activities, from sowing to harvesting.
Women are also in the front lines of decisions about population.
Women are also later-deciders.
Women are also least able to get access to credit to develop their own enterprises.
Women are also less likely to be deluded into thinking of the car as their second skin.
Women are also less likely to have decent pensions or adequate savings.
Women are also less likely to stay in a job long enough to get a pension.
Women are also less likely to use public transit and walk near parks alone after dark.
Women are also less likely to view drinking and driving as acceptable behavior.
Women are also likely to live longer lives than men in the United States.
Women are also likely to receive less sophisticated pacemakers.
Women are also male chauvinist in the way they view themselves.
Women are also more apt to offer flex-time and tuition reimbursement programs to their employees.
Women are also more likely than men to develop alcoholic hepatitis and to die from cirrhosis.
Women are also more likely than men to spend income on food for the family.
Women are also more likely than men to switch to light or ultra-light cigarettes.
Women are also more likely than men to use stair-steppers.
Women are also more likely to ask for help than men.
Women are also more likely to be invited to discuss gender specific issues.
Women are also more likely to be new at business ownership, and to be sole owners.
Women are also more likely to be part-time students.
Women are also more likely to be prescribed sedatives, tranquilizers, or anti-anxiety agents.
Women are also more likely to be responsible for dependent children, and to be age pensioners.
Women are also more likely to be responsible for dependent children, and to be aged pensioners.
Women are also more likely to die from their heart attack.
Women are also more likely to graduate than men.
Women are also more likely to have high blood pressure and diabetes, which raise heart attack risks.
Women are also more likely to have intermittent pain or no pain at all.
Women are also more likely to have symptoms other than pain during a heart attack.
Women are also more likely to interrupt their careers for several years for child-rearing.
Women are also more likely to use drugs to deal with eating and anxiety disorders than men.
Women are also more reluctant to send a picture than men are.
Women are also more susceptible to liver damage from alcohol than men.
Women are also more vulnerable to other sexually transmitted diseases.
Women are also much more likely to develop a full-blown anxiety disorder than men are.
Women are also often uncomfortable talking openly to their partners about sex.
Women are also one hundred times more likely than men to develop breast cancer.
Women are also politically underrepresented.
Women are also present in growing numbers in the health professions.
Women are also project directors in the fields of video games, CD-rom and network development.
Women are also responsible for food preparation, fetching water and gathering firewood.
Women are also responsible for the way society views young and older women.
Women are also responsible for violence towards men.
Women are also seriously under-represented in the economic sector.
Women are also six times more likely than men to be victimized by an intimate partner.
Women are also special targets for direct abuse.
Women are also still key.
Women are also still underrepresented in certain employment categories.
Women are also strong contenders on the track, especially in long-distance events.
Women are also subject to such conduct when they are seen to be competing for power.
Women are also the first to be laid off.
Women are also the main attenders at rural enterprise courses.
Women are also the major victims of wars and civil conflict.
Women are also the ones who feel the immediate effects of cuts in basic services.
Women are also the practitioners of traditional medicine.
Women are also the primary care givers for ill or disabled family members.
Women are also the primary caregivers and caretakers for themselves and their families.
Women are also the primary instigators of income generating activity within the projects.
Women are also the prime targets for violence and rape.
Women are also the principal producers and processors of food for their families.
Women are also to wear bras and hose.
Women are also under-represented in politics.
Women are also underrepresented in power structures throughout the region.
Women are also usually responsible for marketing agricultural produce.
Women are also very involved in church life in the province.
Women are also very involved in the processing of fish.
Women are also very much affected by hidden unemployment and by work in the informal sector.
Women are also victims of domestic violence.
Women are also vulnerable to sexual assault and unwanted sexual behavior.
Women are also vulnerable when returning to work after taking maternity leave.
Women are also welcome.
Women are also well-represented throughout the collection.
Women are always a mother, daughter, wife, or mistress to their male co-workers.
Women are always a nicety also.
Women are always a viable part of the growth and continuity of any society.
Women are always beautiful in any country of the world for they are mothers.
Women are always better off when left to their own mechanical devices.
Women are always less likely to develop heart disease.
Women are always married at their husband's colony, where they go to live after the wedding.
Women are always ready to give their time.
Women are always right.
Women are always the first to cry at a sad movie or flip out about bad news.
Women are always there to defeat men.
Women are always too hysterical to do what the hero instructs.
Women are always topless.
Women are always victim because masculine ideology determines social organisation.
Women are always welcome at the lectures.
Women are always with men, and are incomplete otherwise.
Women are always wonderfully the same.
Women are amazed.
Women are among a list of minorities who have been denied vital parts of history.
Women are among the first to lose their jobs, and the last to obtain new employment.
Women are among the poorest of the poor.
Women are amongst the poorest because of lack of education.
Women are amongst the poorest citizens.
Women are an essential element of civil society.
Women are an extremely diverse group.
Women are an important constituency in every plan.
Women are an important part of our nation's history.
Women are an important, yet often overlooked aspect of American history.
Women are an increasing presence in the corporate boardroom, as well.
Women are an integral part of our lives and, by extension, our cricket.
Women are an integral part of our military.
Women are an integral part of science in Antarctica .
Women are an integral part of the club and a major component of the competitive team.
Women are an integral part of the work-force and are vital to Scotland's economy.
Women are an occupied people.
Women are an under-utilized positive force for peace.
Women are and always have been major contributors to development.
Women are and always have.
Women are another matter all together.
Women are another niche market.
Women are another.
Women are anti-Narcissistic agents.
Women are any more effective than men at expediting their goals.
Women are anyway something of a rarity in the virtual community.
Women are approximately twice as likely to suffer from varicose veins than men.
Women are are afraid to go out on the street.
Women are art.
Women are as capable in teaching or giving commands as men.
Women are as free to share the gospel from the pulpit as are their male counterparts.
Women are as high as men in reporting that they feel angry.
Women are as intelligent and as capable as the men.
Women are as involved in our ministry and leadership as men.
Women are as likely to initiate violence, they say.
Women are as marked by dominant ideology as anybody.
Women are as motivated and challenged to be fit as the men.
Women are as much interested in legislation as men, and entitled to representation.
Women are as much their bodies as they are their minds or souls.
Women are as pleased and proud to stink as are men.
Women are as qualifed as anyone to serve as deacons.
Women are as sexual as men.
Women are as strong as men.
Women are as violent as are men, and women initiate violence as often as do men.
Women are as wavering as the wind.
Women are as welcome as men.
Women are at a disadvantage in mediation.
Women are at a financial disadvantage on several fronts when their spouses die.
Women are at a greater risk of breast cancer than men.
Women are at a greater risk of having a hip fracture than men.
Women are at a greater risk of having a PE, especially if they smoke or take birth control pills. .
Women are at a higher risk of dying from heart disease than men.
Women are at a higher risk of osteoporosis than men in part because men have larger, stronger bones.
Women are at a higher risk of suffering from depression disorders than men.
Women are at a higher risk than men.
Women are at a significantly higher risk for abuse during pregnancy.
Women are at a special disadvantage.
Women are at a structural disadvantage too.
Women are at an disadvantageous higher risk than men for depression.
Women are at an increased risk of harm after separation from an abusive partner.
Women are at enmity with men, and children with their parents.
Women are at greater risk because their bone loss accelerates after menopause.
Women are at greater risk because they lose bone much faster than men.
Women are at greater risk contracting it because they are infected internally.
Women are at greater risk for iron deficiency than men.
Women are at greater risk from blindness due to diabetes than men.
Women are at greater risk than men for sinusitis and other bacterial infections.
Women are at greater risk than men for the crime of rape.
Women are at greater risk than men, especially after menopause.
Women are at greater risk than men.
Women are at greatest risk as are youth in their most productive years.
Women are at greatest risk in their homes and at the hands of men they know.
Women are at greatest risk of injury, sexual assault, and homicide by their partners.
Women are at higher risk because pregnancy and postpartum changes can precipitate depression.
Women are at higher risk because they live longer and are more likely to live alone when aged.
Women are at higher risk because they live longer.
Women are at higher risk for heart disease than for all forms of cancer combined.
Women are at higher risk for lung cancer than they realize.
Women are at higher risk for osteoporosis and coronary heart disease after menopause.
Women are at higher risk for osteoporosis because they have less bone mass than men.
Women are at higher risk for rhinitis during pregnancy.
Women are at higher risk for the depression than men.
Women are at higher risk than men, largely because they live longer.
Women are at higher risk than men.
Women are at increased risk for alcohol-induced liver disease.
Women are at increased risk for developing depression.
Women are at increased risk for osteoporosis, which can lead to spinal fractures and back pain.
Women are at increased risk for recurrent urinary tract infections after menopause.
Women are at increased risk of progression to disease during their reproductive years.
Women are at last learning to look to women for help.
Women are at least equal to, but are probably better than men.
Women are at much greater risk than men for reasons that no one yet understands.
Women are at much higher risk than men for thyroid disorders.
Women are at particular risk worldwide.
Women are at risk because they suffer routinely from discriminatory treatment.
Women are at risk for heart disease and heart attacks, just like men.
Women are at risk for heart disease, just like men.
Women are at risk for particular terrors in Algeria's uncivil war.
Women are at risk for unintended pregnancy, sexually transmitted diseases and infections.
Women are at serious risk for complications from STDs.
Women are at special risk due to a decline in estrogen after menopause.
Women are at the center of public activity and interest.
Women are at the core of communities.
Women are at the forefront of the fightback for affordable housing.
Women are at the forefront of the growth in investment clubs.
Women are at the top and bottom of the set with their partners to their left on the sides.
Women are at the top of the legal profession, but they appear in many guises.
Women are attracted to men for their personality and status more than for their beauty and figure.
Women are attractive sexual beings that who tempting to the opposite sex.
Women are audience members, and men are in front of the class teaching.
Women are aware of it, probably even much more than the men who contracted it are.
Women are baby-factories.
Women are back on top.
Women are barely out of the chattel stage in some states.
Women are beautiful and brilliant.
Women are beautiful and know how to appreciate another woman's body.
Women are beautiful and remote and unreachable.
Women are beautiful.
Women are behind Japan's wine boom, and French promoters are working to encourage the trend.
Women are best suited to their domestic role.
Women are better able to build, maintain or regain more active lifestyles.
Women are better at being women.
Women are better at conflict mediation.
Women are better at evaluating the way garments relate to each other.
Women are better at matching objects based on their surroundings.
Women are better at seeing whole designs.
Women are better at solving complicated problems than men.
Women are better carwash prospects.
Women are better educated and are entering high status professions.
Women are better for teaching children between zero to seven years.
Women are better informed than ever before.
Women are better judges of character.
Women are better listeners, probably better learners.
Women are better off economically.
Women are better off single.
Women are better than men at that, whether it's in politics or business or in the home.
Women are better web site designers than men.
Women are better.
Women are big at that.
Women are big consumers.
Women are big losers in the superannuation stakes when they stop working to have children.
Women are bi-lateral thinkers.
Women are biologically inferior .
Women are biologically more vulnerable to infection.
Women are biologically much more interesting because they do the genetics.
Women are biologically, epidemiologically and socially more vulnerable.
Women are books.
Women are born with all the eggs they'll ever have.
Women are born with eggs.
Women are both actors in and subjects of politics and legislation.
Women are both the joy and bane of the good doctor's life.
Women are breast-feeding around the office all the time.
Women are brighter than men.
Women are busier than ever as they juggle career, family and care-giving responsibilities.
Women are busier than they've ever been.
Women are busty beauties or sour battleaxes, vicars are easily shocked prudes - that sort of thing.
Women are busy today, and having to worry about taking a daily pill has been taken for granted.
Women are but one of a number of new groups that offer much potential.
Women are by far the large number of victims in the criminal justice system.
Women are by far the majority of victims of spousal abuse.
Women are by far the most common victims of domestic violence.
Women are by nature gentle and nonviolent, and are helpless against others' violence.
Women are by nature horny.
Women are by nature nurturers.
Women are by nature, creative.
Women are by no means a monolithic voting bloc.
Women are capable and able to have many friendships while men usually focus on one or a few.
Women are capable and needed in many areas.
Women are capable of achieving exactly that which men do.
Women are capable of being good leaders.
Women are capable of choosing for themselves.
Women are capable of doing everything men can do.
Women are capable of giving birth to clones of themselves, cutting out the middle men.
Women are capable of helping their communities.
Women are capable of living isolated from men.
Women are capable of meeting any physical standard required to do their jobs.
Women are capable of providing leadership in philanthropy.
Women are careless, forgetful creatures.
Women are caretakers - symbols of purity, morality, and sentimentality.
Women are caretakers and nurturers.
Women are carriers and their sons can get the disease.
Women are cars that respond to acceleration, or they are animals to be mounted.
Women are cats.
Women are central to any strategy for poverty alleviation.
Women are central to the fight against hunger.
Women are central to the growth and economic recovery of Indochina.
Women are certainly big business to the medical and pharmaceutical interests.
Women are certainly still drastically underrepresented in science.
Women are changeable.
Women are choosing to stay single for longer than ever, the report says.
Women are circles with in circles spinning and weaving between each other.
Women are citizens .
Women are citizens.
Women are clearly among the top scientists in the world.
Women are clearly the catalyst for the formation of the new spirituality.
Women are closer to the primitive than men.
Women are co-heirs with men in spiritual matters.
Women are cold and wet.
Women are cold.
Women are comfortable browsing, buying things they happen to run across at the mall.
Women are comfortable coming into the shop because the owner and staff play golf.
Women are comfortable in fuzzy situations.
Women are comfortable talking intimately to other women.
Women are commodities, drugs are currency, and revenge is sweet.
Women are commonly responsible for sowing, paddy transplanting, weeding, harvesting, and processing.
Women are competitive in business and are taken very seriously.
Women are completely economically dependent on men.
Women are complex creatures.
Women are complex sexually.
Women are complex.
Women are complicated.
Women are concerned about their families, culture, rights and role in the community.
Women are concerned for relationships.
Women are concerned with child abuse and can take immediate steps to work against social misdeeds.
Women are concerned with hairlines and clothing and stuff.
Women are concerned with more than economic and social issues.
Women are concerned.
Women are conflicted about money.
Women are connivers while men are strategists.
Women are conservative in behaviour.
Women are considered to be subordinate to their husbands and girls receive less education than boys.
Women are consistently more responsive to infants than men are.
Women are consistently victims or play second-banana to male leads.
Women are constantly on the go.
Women are constantly the cause of war in the same tribe or between different tribes.
Women are contextual thinkers.
Women are continueously at work within the household premises.
Women are cooperative and supportive.
Women are cowboys.
Women are co-workers in the gospel.
Women are creative.
Women are creators and their skills can bear rich fruit in an industry with solid roots.
Women are cross-referenced by maiden names and appear in red .
Women are cruel.
Women are daddies, too.
Women are dedicated workers, and are generally incorruptible .
Women are deeply complex and intelligent.
Women are deeply concerned with both the theory and the practice of education.
Women are definitely more empathetic and that is an important thing in business.
Women are definitely yoztie other women.
Women are delightful.
Women are dependent on their husbands for maintenance.
Women are designed for making babies, so they have a much greater ability to store fat.
Women are desperate.
Women are detail-oriented, organized.
Women are determined to change the world's priorities.
Women are different .
Women are different from men on the gun issue, with women being more pro-gun control.
Women are different from men, of course, and therefore have different travel needs.
Women are different from men.
Women are different from their male counterparts anatomically, physiologically and psychologically.
Women are different in that they focus more on people.
Women are different, labours are different, and what is right for one is all wrong for another.
Women are different.
Women are difficult to depict.
Women are difficult to track.
Women are director level and above.
Women are disposable objects of pleasure, and if temptation arises, they give in without a thought.
Women are disposable to men and monogamy is an impossibility.
Women are distinct in their dress, wearing black blouses and skirts trimmed with red.
Women are doctors, lawyers, congresswomen, athletes, and construction workers.
Women are doctors, women are lawyers.
Women are dominant and make all the decisions.
Women are doubly oppressed.
Women are dying, a third of women homicide victims die at the hands of their husbands or boyfriends.
Women are each other's harshest critics.
Women are each unique creatures with unique needs and adaptive abilities.
Women are eager to establish their own identities, economically and psychologically.
Women are easily as capable as man in almost every area.
Women are easy to lure.
Women are effective in bringing people together and seeing things in a holistic way.
Women are effectively under house arrest.
Women are eight times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Women are eight times more likely to die of heart disease than breast cancer.
Women are eight times more likely to get a UTI than men.
Women are either the creators or the subject matter of all the pieces.
Women are either whores or madonnas.
Women are either whores or statue-like objects to be worshipped.
Women are eligible as inspectors.
Women are eligible for membership.
Women are eligible for ONE team in the women's leagues and ONE team in the coed leagues.
Women are eligible for only ONE team in the women's leagues and ONE team in the coed leagues.
Women are eligible for the home.
Women are eligible to compete for pilot, navigator, and missile career fields.
Women are emotional, passive.
Women are emotional.
Women are emotionally and psychiatrically disabled and have more symptoms of stress than men.
Women are encouraged to change their attitudes by taking charge of their inner voices.
Women are encouraged to perform breast self-exams each month.
Women are energy managers in virtually every developing country in the world.
Women are entirely unaware of their power.
Women are equal in accountability.
Women are equal to men as human beings.
Women are equal to men in several crucial ways.
Women are equal to men.
Women are equally likely to be appointed.
Women are equally responsive to anti-viral therapy as men.
Women are especially at risk for low iron levels and anemia due to menstrual blood losses.
Women are especially at risk for osteoporosis after menopause.
Women are especially at risk.
Women are especially concerned about the state of the family.
Women are especially prone to seasonal influences.
Women are especially prone to underselling themselves.
Women are especially prone to UTIs for reasons that are poorly understood.
Women are especially prone.
Women are especially susceptible to consumerism.
Women are especially susceptible to periodontal disease at various stages of life.
Women are especially susceptible to the debilitating effects of running.
Women are especially susceptible.
Women are especially unlikely to disclose abuse to a health care provider in front of their abuser.
Women are especially vulnerable to during the pre-menstrual time.
Women are especially vulnerable to osteoporosis because of estrogen loss at menopause.
Women are especially vulnerable to the disease following menopause when estrogen production drops.
Women are especially vulnerable to the present violence and insecurity.
Women are especially vulnerable when they go to the restroom.
Women are especially vulnerable.
Women are especially vunerable as they are often kidnapped, raped, and forced to marry Muslim men.
Women are especially worried about who their potential partners have slept with.
Women are essentially fun to play with.
Women are essentially practical because they've always had to be.
Women are essentially under house arrest in Afghanistan.
Women are even afraid to talk about their abortion to their doctor or counselor.
Women are even ministers in the government.
Women are even more abusive then men if the same standards are applied.
Women are even more exposed, their rectums and vulvas fully visible.
Women are even more likely to receive an examination particularly during pregnancy.
Women are even more likely to start heavy drinking later in life.
Women are even more vulnerable to the effects of alcohol than men.
Women are evenly divided on that idea.
Women are everything to everyone.
Women are everything, and men are nothing.
Women are everywhere for the man with a keen eye.
Women are everywhere now.
Women are everywhere.
Women are evil, men are stupid.
Women are evil.
Women are exceptional climbers.
Women are exciting.
Women are executed, so are any youths old enough to have gone through puberty.
Women are exempt from tallis because tallis is a time-oriented mitzvah .
Women are exempt from the requirement of attending congregational prayers in the mosque.
Women are expensive.
Women are expert at posing questions that seem to have no right answer.
Women are experts at motivating the young and at managing insecurity, through experience.
Women are experts on how to achieve a consensus out of discord.
Women are expressive, women are supportive, women have faith.
Women are extremely disadvantaged.
Women are extremely honest with their friends about their positive and negative points.
Women are extremely vulnerable to osteoporosis.
Women are fainting, men are running to bars, therapists are booking appointments, it's out.
Women are fair and keep more promises.
Women are fairly successful at planning their families.
Women are fake manipulating whores.
Women are far behind in understanding their impact on careers and on quality of life.
Women are far better people.
Women are far from achieving equality.
Women are far less liable to acute gout than men.
Women are far less likely to comply with child support orders than are men.
Women are far less likely to find jobs when they have no education.
Women are far likelier to die of cardiovascular disease than breast cancer.
Women are far more active today than in past generations.
Women are far more anxious about earning a living than men.
Women are far more concerned with relationship than men.
Women are far more critical and careful as evaluators than men are.
Women are far more likely than men to be involuntarily unemployed and underemployed.
Women are far more likely than men to experience the death of a spouse.
Women are far more likely than men to suffer knee injuries.
Women are far more likely than men to work part time.
Women are far more likely to be True Believers than men.
Women are far more likely to smile than men.
Women are far more likely to suffer death or serious injury.
Women are far more relaxed.
Women are far more supportive than men.
Women are far safer when they are armed.
Women are farmers involved in rice, coconut, vegetable and sugarcane production.
Women are females.
Women are fickle, manipulating, and vengeful.
Women are fifty cents a throw.
Women are firefighters outside the U.S. as well.
Women are fit only for household slavery and as a means of procreation.
Women are five times more likely to be assaulted by an intimate partner then by a stranger.
Women are five times more likely to experience carpal tunnel syndrome than men.
Women are five to eight times more likely than men to suffer from a thyroid disorder.
Women are five to eight times more likely than men to suffer thyroid disorders.
Women are flirtatious or needy, sexually voracious or virtually frigid and always nagging.
Women are focus of Rebecca Hill's new book.
Women are for sex, motherhood and domesticity.
Women are for sucking blow jobs water with fat teens.
Women are for sucking blow jobs water with teens.
Women are for the first time exposing polished toenails in public.
Women are four times as likely as men are to develop osteoporosis.
Women are four times as likely as men to be affected with gallstone .
Women are four times as likely as men to develop thyroid problems.
Women are four times as likely as men to get osteoporosis.
Women are four times as likely to develop osteoporosis but men can also develop it.
Women are four times as likely to develop the disease.
Women are four times as likely to suffer malaria attacks during pregnancy.
Women are four times more likely than men to be attacked by relatives.
Women are four times more likely than men to develop foot problems.
Women are four times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Women are four times more likely than men to experience common migraines.
Women are four times more likely to be affected than men.
Women are four times more likely to develop osteoporosis than men.
Women are four times more likely to have bone thinning than men.
Women are free to choose to incorporate either or both into their own self expression.
Women are free to divorce and remarry.
Women are free to dress virtually any way they want and in a more unique way then men.
Women are frequent victims of sexual abuse, and children are made to sit in the back of classrooms.
Women are frequent victims of violence.
Women are from ah Earth.
Women are from earth.
Women are from Earth.
Women are from the Earth.
Women Are from Venus .
Women are from Venus Learn how to improve communication with the opposite sex.
Women are from venus.
Women are from Venus.
Women are full in themselves.
Women are full of spaghetti.
Women are fundamentally the same way.
Women are fungible as workers and replaceable as mothers.
Women are furious, sad and they want things to change.
Women are furniture, below noticing.
Women are generally a bit apprehensive the first few times that they make love after giving birth.
Women are generally about one-third of our class.
Women are generally delicate, compassionate and warm.
Women are generally far more sureptitious than men in objectifying.
Women are generally freer than is most other countries.
Women are generally ill-informed about what it is and does.
Women are generally more concerned about a newborn child than themselves.
Women are generally more concerned with their new child than with themselves.
Women are generally more flexible and men are more muscular.
Women are generally more flexible than men due to hormonal differences.
Women are generally more weight conscious than men.
Women are generally more willing to talk about it.
Women are generally pretty forgiving of the first time with a new partner.
Women are generally shorter in torso and longer of legs than men.
Women are generally slower to warm up sexually and take more time to cool down.
Women are generally smaller, their bodies contain less water and their metabolism is different.
Women are generally superior at short-term memory, perceptual speed, and verbal fluency.
Women are generally too smart to play it.
Women are generally well represented throughout the secretariats.
Women are generally worse off than men.
Women are givers of life and nurturers of the living.
Women are givers.
Women are good at absorbing details.
Women are good at doing several jobs at once, but only at a mediocre level.
Women are good at expressing themselves, and they are very nurtured by self-expression.
Women are good at finding good deals.
Women are good at integrating things.
Women are good at listening, and to their credit, are able to repeat conversation back verbatim.
Women are good at nagging a man to death.
Women are good at networking.
Women are good at small business.
Women are good at talking and sharing information.
Women are good at technique and style, often better than men.
Women are good at trivial things because women think trivial things are important.
Women are good, they're noble.
Women are gorgeous, everyone speaks spanish, portugues, etc.
Women are great at giving.
Women are great at putting themselves last.
Women are great detail people, and that's what it takes to make a stable run.
Women are great listeners.
Women are greatly underrepresented in most careers that are mathematically or scientifically based.
Women are grounded, of the earth, solid and with roots.
Women are grrrls and they are firing on all cylinders.
Women are gun-shy of the word.
Women are hairy.
Women are half as likely than men to receive a pension.
Women are half of every community.
Women are half of humankind.
Women are half that population.
Women are half the population.
Women are half the world's population.
Women are happier today because of contemporary gender relationships.
Women are happy helping men to love truly.
Women are happy to finally see themselves represented.
Women are hard on other women.
Women are harder hit than men.
Women are heavily engaged in post-harvest tasks, such as threshing, processing and marketing.
Women are helpless, in other words, because men control the basic mechanisms of society.
Women are helpmates, and children are the property of their parents.
Women are here to be seen, heard and understood.
Women are here to serve men.
Women are here to stay.
Women are here, and they make thunder.
Women are heroes.
Women are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation s children.
Women are highly respected and very important in our culture.
Women are highly respected.
Women are highly sexual, but their sexuality is fundamentally different than a man's.
Women are homemakers and mothers, but also women are carvers now.
Women are homemakers, their bodies are their homes.
Women are honest, loyal and forgiving.
Women are honest, loyal, and forgiving.
Women are hopeless at math they can t seem to grasp it.
Women are horrible at math.
Women are human beings and are therefore just as subject to dishonesty and deceit as any man.
Women are human beings and sensitive creatures, just as men are.
Women are human beings, and human beings are a very mixed lot.
Women are human beings.
Women are hungry for connection and attachment.
Women are important agents of change.
Women are important in business, but their involvement in national politics is limited.
Women are important in maintaining agreements within villages.
Women are important sources of talent, skills and commitment.
Women are impractical.
Women are impressed with symbols of status, fashionable clothes.
Women are in a better mood when pheromones are being emmitted.
Women are in a hurry.
Women are in an especially paradoxical situation.
Women are in CEO positions in corporations and also starting their own business.
Women are in charge of building the huts and do most of the cooking.
Women are in charge of domestic life and have significantly more contact with the children.
Women are in charge of feeding, maintenance, milking and butter-making.
Women are in charge of looking after children, after cattle, after agriculture and all that.
Women are in charge of more farms than ever before.
Women are in charge of more than skaters' careers.
Women are in charge throughout the process.
Women are in charge.
Women are in control of their own bodies and lives.
Women are in control of their own bodies and their lives.
Women are in double jeopardy.
Women are in fact as competitive as men are, they're just more skilful about it.
Women are in fact in majority, but they are treated as beinre treated as being a minority.
Women are in flight, adapting to life in camps, or are directly caught up in the midst of conflict.
Women are in general confined to traditional roles.
Women are in general mistreated, subjugated and marginalized in Bangladesh.
Women are in leadership positions throughout the field, as editors, publishers, agents, and writers.
Women are in leading positions in the police force and in the army.
Women are in lingerie that never comes off.
Women are in love with SUVs.
Women are in power at the top of the musical charts.
Women are in prostitution because of poverty, because of lack of other ways to earn money.
Women are in rock for one reason and one reason only.
Women are in the forefront to experience the effects of Europe and world wide crisis.
Women are in the labor force simply to earn some extra spending money.
Women are in the labor force to earn some extra spending money .
Women are in the majority, and one in four comes from an ethnic minority.
Women are in the march world wide.
Women are in the middle of careers, raising children and possibly caring for their aging parents.
Women are in the position of choosing their mates.
Women are in the room.
Women are in the work force in increasing numbers.
Women are in the work force to stay.
Women are in the workforce in massive numbers, and business is dependent on their skills.
Women are in the workplace.
Women are in their most effective forms and amounts.
Women are in touch with themselves and want to be in touch with their mates.
Women are in touch with what consumers want and they have the business savvy to market the products.
Women are in tune with their bodies.
Women are in, monks are safe, everyone's happy.
Women are incapable of being bad luck by themselves.
Women are incapable of entertaining without an open flame.
Women are incapable of learning how to operate heavy machinery.
Women are inclined to be less nervous and happier with change.
Women are inclined to beless nervous and happier with change.
Women are inclined to rage, stirred by insult, petulant, anxious, excessive grief.
Women are incomparable for hanging drapery.
Women are incontinent more frequently than men in the adult group.
Women are increasingly active in public life at all levels.
Women are increasingly dissatisfied with the inadequacies of the present structures.
Women are increasingly the workforce of choice for many export industries.
Women are independent and logical, while men are intuitive and nurturing.
Women are independent, confident writers now, Mom.
Women are individuals with their own dreams and right to live to make themselves happy.
Women are industrious.
Women are inevitably at the centre of the household as an economic unit.
Women are inferior in all religions.
Women are inferior to men, and thus become exploited as in the Western playboy philosophy.
Women are inferior to men.
Women are infertile for most of the time during the reproductive phase of their lives.
Women are insecure about their weight, butt and breast-size.
Women are insecure about their weight, butt, and breast sizes.
Women are insecure about their weight, butt, breast sizes and age.
Women are insignificant.
Women are integral to that process.
Women are integral to the healthy functioning of the planet.
Women are integrators.
Women are intellectually like children.
Women are intelligent human beings who are capable of making our own intelligent decisions.
Women are interested in a wide variety of flowers and colors.
Women are interested in attending events that are family activities.
Women are interested in babies.
Women are interested in finances and where to invest their money.
Women are interested in health and quality of life issues.
Women are interested in just as many gaming genres as men.
Women are interested in learning outdoor skills.
Women are interested in preventing the onset of osteoporosis.
Women are interested in the emotional aspect of the same relationship.
Women are interested in the Internet as a result of the possibilities it offers for communication.
Women are interested in their own health.
Women are interesting.
Women are into cooking, men prefer sports.
Women are into details while men are into the big picture.
Women are into equality while men are into winning and losing.
Women are into people and relationships while men are into things.
Women are into serving while men are into being in charge.
Women are into that.
Women are intuitive .
Women are invaluable members of many congregations' church staffs.
Women are invisible , especially if they are poor.
Women are invisible but are the key playes in micro enterprises development.
Women are irrational, emotional and unpredictable.
Women are irrational.
Women are irresistible when they are wearing a tight red dress and rubber gloves.
Women are just as aggressive as men.
Women are just as assertive and dominant as men in pursuing or refusing a lover.
Women are just as capable as men at fulfilling the needs of most any profession.
Women are just as capable of combat roles as men.
Women are just as good as men if they put their minds to it and want to be.
Women are just as important as men are just as smarter.
Women are just as involved in enjoying the outdoors now as men are.
Women are just as likely to support the patriarchy as are men.
Women are just as likely to survive heart attacks as men.
Women are just as much at risk as men.
Women are just as much human beings as men.
Women are just as naturally interested in sex as men, perhaps more so.
Women are just as naturally interested in sex, perhaps even more so.
Women are just as prone to speak negatively of their husbands.
Women are just as satisfied with the job market as men.
Women are just as violent as men.
Women are just as well represented among the top wave sailors as they are among the slalom types.
Women are just as willing to make the first move.
Women are just better at asking directions.
Women are just better at that sort of thing.
Women are just better than men.
Women are just brighter than men.
Women are just in love with glitz and themselves.
Women are just like men, only different.
Women are just more aware of their abilities.
Women are just one vehicle by which to get there.
Women are just there to hang out with friends and to share their gossip.
Women are justifiably proud of their traditional roles as wives, mothers and caregivers.
Women are justifiably proud of their wombs.
Women are justified in concluding that guns are the most effective and safest tools of self-defense.
Women are key participants in the forest sector.
Women are key targets.
Women are key to filling shortage of scientists.
Women are key to guarding children's health and nutrition.
Women are KEY to solving the world's problems.
Women are kinder and less violent than men are.
Women are knowledge-seekers.
Women are largely absent from early crime stories, except as victims to be championed by detectives.
Women are largely the focus of sexual assault education, but they are only half of the problem.
Women are largely underrepresented at all levels of government.
Women are leaders in many of the prestige committees, such as budget and transportation.
Women are leaders.
Women are least three times more likely to seek care for the disorder.
Women are leery of pumped-up promises.
Women are legally at the mercy of men.
Women are less able to predict the effects of consuming a given amount of alcohol.
Women are less able to relax from stress at home.
Women are less afraid to trust their instincts.
Women are less exposed than men to the dangers of self-reliance.
Women are less interested and less competitive in sports .
Women are less intimidating.
Women are less likely than men to be frequent business travelers.
Women are less likely than men to be literate and have fewer educational opportunities.
Women are less likely than men to be self-employed.
Women are less likely than men to earn pension benefits.
Women are less likely than men to have complete confidence their vote was counted properly.
Women are less likely than men to receive additional compensation in forms other than salary.
Women are less likely than men to run for political office.
Women are less likely than men to see their drinking as their primary problem.
Women are less likely than men to support the death penalty or to favor sending troops abroad.
Women are less likely than men to undergo testing for congestive heart failure.
Women are less likely to abort, and more likely to choose adoption, when records are open.
Women are less likely to ask questions or question what has been said.
Women are less likely to be employed than men.
Women are less likely to be financially informed than men.
Women are less likely to be given the floor and they are interrupted more often.
Women are less likely to be killed.
Women are less likely to be referred for surgery or angioplasty.
Women are less likely to become problem drinkers than men.
Women are less likely to choose science and engineering than they are to choose other fields.
Women are less likely to continue in physics education after high school.
Women are less likely to delegate a task and more likely to do it themselves.
Women are less likely to develop osteoporosis and multiple sclerosis.
Women are less likely to drink alcohol than men.
Women are less likely to enroll in cardiac rehabilitation programs then are men.
Women are less likely to experience the typical kinds of pain that are more common in men.
Women are less likely to get heart disease after menopause than before.
Women are less likely to give up smoking permanently.
Women are less likely to have a pension.
Women are less likely to have company-sponsored retirement plans.
Women are less likely to have noticeable symptoms of infection.
Women are less likely to have pensions when they retire.
Women are less likely to have supplementary health insurance coverage through their paid employment.
Women are less likely to join labor unions.
Women are less likely to pay bribes but are more disadvantaged in corrupt systems.
Women are less likely to report typical symptomsd.
Women are less likely to survive heart attacks than men.
Women are less likely to trust than men.
Women are less likely to work full-time.
Women are less muscular in their upper trunk and upper limbs.
Women are less of a presence, but there's definitely a pronounced lipstick lesbian scene here, too.
Women are less physically active and are discouraged from developing a strong muscular structure.
Women are less represented in permanent positions.
Women are less romanced by the political b.s.
Women are less satisfied with advancement opportunities than men.
Women are less satisfied with communication than are men.
Women are less self-confident than men and less optimistic about their abilities.
Women are less sure about the positive effects of foreign players in English football than are men.
Women are less than human.
Women are less threatening.
Women are less tolerant of alcohol than men.
Women are less violent than men.
Women are less well represented in the business world.
Women are lesser then men and condemned to the body.
Women are liars .
Women are librarians.
Women are like a fine wine, they get more expensive with age.
Women are like blue jeans.
Women are like cats.
Women are like cheerleaders, they push, prod and motivate.
Women are like elephants.
Women are like fine wine.
Women are like fire.
Women are like flowers.
Women are like footballs, and it's all because of the hormones surging through their bodies.
Women are like horoscopes.
Women are like programs, smart men keep a backup.
Women are like snowflakes.
Women are like the arts, forced unto none, Open to all searchers, unprized, if unknown.
Women are like the bird the Phoenix, because they rise again.
Women are like the fire.
Women are like waves.
Women are like wet bars of soap.
Women are like wolves.
Women are likely to be elevated to more decision-making positions.
Women are likely to be more sensitive to the substances' virilizing effects.
Women are likely to be the primary caretaker in the family.
Women are likely to be younger than men on television, but they age faster.
Women are likely to break through more and more glass ceilings, because of demographic factors.
Women are likely to continue outpacing men in the attainment of bachelor's degrees.
Women are likely to continue to enroll in higher education in larger numbers than men.
Women are likely to feel very out of place in shorts.
Women are likely to have had several more children and unsafe abortions.
Women are likely to outlive their husbands.
Women are likely to suffer disproportionately from such measures as adjustment policies.
Women are likely to wear shoes that are too small.
Women are limited in the number of children they can bear and nurture and failures are costly.
Women are literally the glue that bonds families together.
Women are little more than chattel, necessary for procreation and to serve the household needs.
Women are looked upon as war booty, their bodies are another battleground for belligerent parties.
Women are lovers, mothers, daughters.
Women are luckier and are spared of such comments.
Women are lucky in the fact that they can have sex anytime they want.
Women are lucky to have such a vast array of fun-styled socks to choose from.
Women are mainly in petty trading and domestic service and are broadly low paid and illiterate.
Women are mainly responsible for the transport and marketing of vegetables, and men of basic grains.
Women are major contributors to national economies through both their paid and unpaid labour.
Women are major contributors to the health and well-being of families.
Women are major participants in the ceremonies of all the stages in a traditional life cycle.
Women are married off for a bride price paid to the father.
Women are media hounds, with one notable exception-watching cable television.
Women are members of the cooperative.
Women are men.
Women are men's counterparts and peers in ministry.
Women are merely objects for men to do with as they please.
Women are midwives and mistrusted, women are witches and burned.
Women are military pilots.
Women are minorities are encouraged to apply.
Women are morally superior to men.
Women are more active in local than national politics.
Women are more affected than men.
Women are more apt to apologize than men.
Women are more at risk because they tend to outlive their spouses.
Women are more at risk for extreme or life- threatening injury.
Women are more at risk for osteoporosis than men.
Women are more at risk than men as they have smaller skeletons.
Women are more at risk than men because alcohol spreads through the body differently.
Women are more at risk than men.
Women are more attracted to system-level things, particularly if there are people involved.
Women are more auditory.
Women are more aural and tactile.
Women are more available for jobs and are joining the job market at a faster pace than men.
Women are more aware of the morbidity that can be associated with an axillary node dissection.
Women are more caring, more loving, more sensual, more intelligent, and far more beautiful.
Women are more challenging to treat than men.
Women are more collaborative.
Women are more commonly the victims of sexual assault.
Women are more compassionate than men.
Women are more compassionate when they listen.
Women are more complex.
Women are more concerned about breast cancer than any other health threat.
Women are more concerned that they give more than they get.
Women are more concerned with emotional infidelity than men are, fearing a loss of the relationship.
Women are more confident now.
Women are more conscientious than men.
Women are more conservative investors than men.
Women are more constant.
Women are more critical than men of their own bodies.
Women are more decisive than men.
Women are more dependent than men on student loans.
Women are more difficult to handle than men.
Women are more dissatisfied than men with the government.
Women are more dolphin-like, and they're obviously better looking.
Women are more dominant in a social setting.
Women are more easily bored than men.
Women are more economically vulnerable than men because of their lower socio-economic status.
Women are more educated as well.
Women are more educated, earning over half of all bachelor s and master s degrees.
Women are more educated.
Women are more efficient on the higher chakras, men doing better on the lower ones.
Women are more empathetic than men.
Women are more ethical than men.
Women are more favorable toward everything involving feminism than men.
Women are more favoured than men in indulging their passion for coition.
Women are more frequently than men depicted and looked at in a sexist manner.
Women are more frequently victims of sexual violence, particularly girls and adolescents.
Women are more fun when the power goes out.
Women are more global in their view of problems, while men are more specific.
Women are more heavily concentrated in lower-skilled jobs than men.
Women are more hypnotizable than men.
Women are more image-conscious.
Women are more important emotionally for men than men are for women.
Women are more in favor of nonviolent solutions to international conflicts, greater gun control.
Women are more in touch with body rhythms than men.
Women are more in tune with the needs of single, working mothers.
Women are more inclined to be attracted to males who are seen as dominant.
Women are more independent.
Women are more inquisitive, so they are more likely to eat grout than men are.
Women are more intelligent than men.
Women are more interested in balancing work and family, and that seems to be estrogen-related.
Women are more interested in context.
Women are more interested in details , in atmosphere in small things, looking carefully and closely.
Women are more interested in interesting faces.
Women are more interested in the quality of the emotional attachment they have with their lovers.
Women are more interested in their appearances and having the most expensive name brand clothes.
Women are more interested than ever before about their cars and automotive careers.
Women are more into the education of children.
Women are more intuitive and capable of seeing beyond the apparent logic.
Women are more involved in sharing or mutual aid networks in the city than men.
Women are more irritable than men probably because men are more irritating.
Women are more likely than men of comparable ages to enter a nursing home.
Women are more likely than men to awaken to sounds in the night.
Women are more likely than men to be affected by urinary incontinence.
Women are more likely than men to be employed in services and retail trade than in agricultural.
Women are more likely than men to be employed part time and to hold lower faculty positions.
Women are more likely than men to be good listeners.
Women are more likely than men to be labelled as insane.
Women are more likely than men to be nauseous and experience pain high in the abdomen or chest.
Women are more likely than men to be obese.
Women are more likely than men to be quite unhappy.
Women are more likely than men to be supertasters.
Women are more likely than men to be underemployed.
Women are more likely than men to be victims of crime.
Women are more likely than men to be victims of repeated incidents of spousal violence.
Women are more likely than men to believe that negative feedback is justified and keep quiet.
Women are more likely than men to buy ethically produced food products.
Women are more likely than men to campaign on social issues.
Women are more likely than men to complete the course of treatment and to be cured.
Women are more likely than men to develop the disease.
Women are more likely than men to die from heart attack and to suffer a second heart attack.
Women are more likely than men to disapprove of extramarital sex, more so among blacks.
Women are more likely than men to disclose information about intimate personal concerns.
Women are more likely than men to experience generalized anxiety disorder.
Women are more likely than men to experience obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Women are more likely than men to experience osteoarthritis in multiple joints.
Women are more likely than men to experience pain.
Women are more likely than men to experience poverty.
Women are more likely than men to have a false-positive exercise stress test.
Women are more likely than men to have a second heart attack within a year of the first one.
Women are more likely than men to have a second heart attack within a year of their first.
Women are more likely than men to have a second heart attack within a year.
Women are more likely than men to have an eating disorder.
Women are more likely than men to have changed activities or become more fearful because of crime.
Women are more likely than men to have health concerns in mind when they select food.
Women are more likely than men to have hypothyroidism.
Women are more likely than men to have migraines, perhaps because of hormonal cycles.
Women are more likely than men to have panic attacks.
Women are more likely than men to have poor bone health.
Women are more likely than men to have recurrent canker sores.
Women are more likely than men to have the disorder.
Women are more likely than men to lack rights to land and other assets.
Women are more likely than men to live alone due to the death of their spouses.
Women are more likely than men to maintain kin relationships by e-mail.
Women are more likely than men to make a donation when there is a crisis to be solved.
Women are more likely than men to make in-store decisions.
Women are more likely than men to mention their desire to access the Internet for e-mail.
Women are more likely than men to note the importance of education as a part of their vote.
Women are more likely than men to receive treatment for mental disorders.
Women are more likely than men to recover language ability after suffering a stroke.
Women are more likely than men to report past experience with each type of abuse.
Women are more likely than men to say the provinces are making health care worse.
Women are more likely than men to show symptoms.
Women are more likely than men to suffer from arthritis.
Women are more likely than men to suffer from depression and anxiety.
Women are more likely than men to suffer from seasonal depression.
Women are more likely than men to suffer.
Women are more likely than men to take sleeping pills, and their use increases with age.
Women are more likely than men to try to quit smoking.
Women are more likely than men to use aspirin.
Women are more likely than men to use both products.
Women are more likely than men to use extra caution at night and to carry mace or a whistle.
Women are more likely than men to view certain road conduct as aggressive.
Women are more likely than men to volunteer.
Women are more likely than men to want major restrictions on guns.
Women are more likely than men to work in lower paying occupations and part-time employment.
Women are more likely to apologize for their positions or statements.
Women are more likely to attempt suicide than men, while men are more likely to succeed.
Women are more likely to attempt suicide, although more men actually succeed at it.
Women are more likely to attempt suicide, but men are more likely to die by their own hand.
Women are more likely to attribute the pain to the pepperoni pizza they ate last night.
Women are more likely to be affected than men are.
Women are more likely to be affected than men, for hormonal reasons.
Women are more likely to be affected than men.
Women are more likely to be asymptomatic.
Women are more likely to be attacked in their own houses by people they live with.
Women are more likely to be close to their credit card limits than men.
Women are more likely to be contingent workers.
Women are more likely to be diagnosed with histrionic and dependent personality disorders.
Women are more likely to be discharged for homosexuality than men.
Women are more likely to be discharged to a skilled nursing or other short-term care facility.
Women are more likely to be discharged to a skilled nursing, or other short-term facility.
Women are more likely to be discussing ideas.
Women are more likely to be elected in Dublin than elsewhere.
Women are more likely to be infected through sexual contact than men.
Women are more likely to be injured than are men.
Women are more likely to be laid off because men are seen as the main breadwinners in the family.
Women are more likely to be obese than men.
Women are more likely to be out of the workforce to raise children or care for elderly parents.
Women are more likely to be poor than men, more likely to be illiterate.
Women are more likely to be promoted when other women sit at that decision-making table.
Women are more likely to be seduced by other men.
Women are more likely to be seen than heard.
Women are more likely to be staying at home or with friends.
Women are more likely to be tested for causes of heart failure other than coronary catherization.
Women are more likely to be unemployed or underemployed.
Women are more likely to be unemployed than men in Latin America.
Women are more likely to be victims of homicide when they are estranged from their partners.
Women are more likely to be victims of homicide when they separate from their husbands.
Women are more likely to bear down and work hard, eating lunch at their desks.
Women are more likely to become addicted to alcohol more quickly than men.
Women are more likely to become involved in ongoing relationships with inappropriate partners.
Women are more likely to become victims of financial fraud.
Women are more likely to break from their comfort zone and venture abroad.
Women are more likely to communicate with parents or grandparents by email.
Women are more likely to consider the risks of unprotected sex.
Women are more likely to consume psychoactive drugs along with alcohol.
Women are more likely to deny their rage than men are.
Women are more likely to develop breast cancer as they get older.
Women are more likely to develop depression than are men.
Women are more likely to develop heavy scar as are young people under the age of about thirty.
Women are more likely to develop high blood pressure after menopause.
Women are more likely to develop it after menopause.
Women are more likely to develop it than men.
Women are more likely to develop osteoporosis than men because of the loss of estrogen at menopause.
Women are more likely to develop stress fractures, usually in the lesser metatarsal bones, than men.
Women are more likely to develop the condition.
Women are more likely to die from cancer than any other disease.
Women are more likely to die in the hospital after having a heart attack.
Women are more likely to die of drug overdoses than men.
Women are more likely to die of heart attack than of any other cause.
Women are more likely to die of heart disease than breast cancer.
Women are more likely to empathize with the cause of animal rights than men.
Women are more likely to empower others rather than coerce, while men use power to coerce.
Women are more likely to experience canker sores than men.
Women are more likely to experience depression as a first episode of their bipolar disorder.
Women are more likely to face long-term stays than men.
Women are more likely to feel vague chest discomfort.
Women are more likely to get medicated with psychoactive drugs to which they can become dependent.
Women are more likely to get migraines.
Women are more likely to get rhinophyma.
Women are more likely to get seriously ill than men .
Women are more likely to get seriously ill than men.
Women are more likely to get varicose veins than men are.
Women are more likely to go into remission, possibly because of estrogen's effects on the brain.
Women are more likely to go undiagnosed due to bias and social isolation.
Women are more likely to have a later onset, more prominent mood symptoms, and a better prognosis.
Women are more likely to have anxiety disorders than men.
Women are more likely to have been promoted or to have changed jobs than men.
Women are more likely to have bladder control problems than men because of their anatomy.
Women are more likely to have bladder infections than men because their urethra is shorter.
Women are more likely to have canker sores during their premenstrual period.
Women are more likely to have cellulite than men, due to different hormone levels, even heredity.
Women are more likely to have clinical depression, anxiety, and eating disorders.
Women are more likely to have diets inadequate in vitamins and minerals than men.
Women are more likely to have it than men.
Women are more likely to have nausea and pain high in the abdomen.
Women are more likely to have symptoms of a heart attack.
Women are more likely to have too much copper because they probably use some form of birth control.
Women are more likely to head smaller foundations than larger ones.
Women are more likely to incorporate leisure activities into a business trip than men.
Women are more likely to leak urine than men.
Women are more likely to leave behind underwear or make-up.
Women are more likely to live alone in their retirement years.
Women are more likely to live in poverty and less likely to have pensions.
Women are more likely to look for sales.
Women are more likely to migrate spontaneously and independently in search of employment.
Women are more likely to misuse narcotics and anti-anxiety drugs prescribed to treat depression.
Women are more likely to orgasm at the appropriate time with extramarital partners.
Women are more likely to place an emphasis on networking and resource building.
Women are more likely to practice all types of trade-offs than their male counterparts.
Women are more likely to pursue post secondary education than are men.
Women are more likely to raise emotional issues than men, and age difference as well.
Women are more likely to rapidly cycle between high and low moods.
Women are more likely to report acts of violence if they sustain an injury.
Women are more likely to report crimes than men.
Women are more likely to report pain in all affected joints than men.
Women are more likely to retire as a result of their spouse's retirement than are men.
Women are more likely to seek health information and play online games, according to the survey.
Women are more likely to seek help for panic disorder than are men.
Women are more likely to seek out the opinions of others.
Women are more likely to spend time out of the paid labor force.
Women are more likely to start and continue smoking for weight control.
Women are more likely to store it in the hips and thighs, men in the abdominal area.
Women are more likely to suffer from chronic tension headaches.
Women are more likely to suffer from depression and anxiety.
Women are more likely to suffer from osteoarthritis and osteoporosis .
Women are more likely to suffer from osteoporosis than men for several reasons.
Women are more likely to suffer from osteoporosis, which strength training can help prevent.
Women are more likely to suffer than men because of their greater longevity.
Women are more likely to survive if cervical cancer is found early through a Pap test.
Women are more likely to take children to and from school.
Women are more likely to take preventive measures in their personal lives than are men.
Women are more likely to talk about their problems with friends or seek professional help.
Women are more likely to talk about things.
Women are more likely to turn to neighbors and other relatives for care.
Women are more likely to use drug overdoses and asphyxiation.
Women are more likely to use hand weights, while the men prefer barbells or dumbbells.
Women are more likely to use sex toys and other masturbation techniques to acheive satisfaction.
Women are more likely to volunteer their time than men.
Women are more likely to work part time than men.
Women are more likely to work part-time.
Women are more likely, for instance, to read erotic stories, while men buy the picture books.
Women are more logical than men.
Women are more manipulative.
Women are more naturally organized and detailed-oriented than men.
Women are more negative about video game makers than are men.
Women are more numerous than men.
Women are more nurturant to children than are men.
Women are more nurturing and consensus building than men.
Women are more obsessed with female breasts than men are.
Women are more often guilty of aggressive driving than are men.
Women are more often than men left with the burden of caring for children.
Women are more often victims than men.
Women are more open and honest with each other.
Women are more open and willing to cry and talk about their pain.
Women are more open to buying different styles.
Women are more open to faith, but in case of abandonment a return is more difficult.
Women are more open to outreach.
Women are more opposed to the salary cap and revenue sharing than male fans.
Women are more outspoken about personal and family issues.
Women are more patient and love shopping, and are willing to go back and forth.
Women are more politically powerful than at any time in human history.
Women are more powerful, more capable and more creative.
Women are more practical.
Women are more prepared in many ways to make the first move.
Women are more prepared to open up the discussion.
Women are more prevalent than ever.
Women are more price conscious than men.
Women are more prone than men, possibly due to differences in urethral anatomy.
Women are more prone then men to develop UTIs.
Women are more prone to be injured by working as nurses, nursing assistants, and maids or janitors.
Women are more prone to certain types of sprains, strains and tears.
Women are more prone to infections because of a shorter urethra.
Women are more prone to listen to it.
Women are more prone to osteoporosis because of the rapid bone loss after menopause.
Women are more prone to osteoporosis than men because they tend to have lower bone mass.
Women are more prone to stress than men and, in severe cases, it can lead to panic attacks.
Women are more prone to the stress fractures than men.
Women are more prone to urinary tract infections than men.
Women are more prone to UTIs than men.
Women are more prone to UTIs.
Women are more prudent than men, but risk-taking increases with the distance covered.
Women are more rational and reasonable.
Women are more receptive to Truth than men.
Women are more reflective than their male counterparts when making decisions.
Women are more relationally oriented.
Women are more relationship-oriented than men.
Women are more responsible in social relations.
Women are more responsive to groups previously denied full access to the policymaking process.
Women are more restrained.
Women are more satisfied with the missionary position than men are.
Women are more seethers.
Women are more sensitive to alcohol than men, mainly because of their body composition.
Women are more sensitive to alcoholic drinks.
Women are more sensitive to anxiety and pain than men.
Women are more sensitive to failure.
Women are more sensitive to pain.
Women are more sensitive to the needs of other women.
Women are more sensitive, states a player.
Women are more sensitive.
Women are more sexually responsive to symmetrical men.
Women are more sincere as far as making a decision.
Women are more slight and vaguely elfin.
Women are more spiritual than men.
Women are more spontaneous, more natural caregivers.
Women are more submitted to their husbands, but it s changing.
Women are more susceptible than men but more men die.
Women are more susceptible than men partly because women have less bone mass to start with.
Women are more susceptible than men to the arrhythmogenic activity of erythromycin.
Women are more susceptible than men to the effects of alcohol.
Women are more susceptible to acne.
Women are more susceptible to alcohol than men.
Women are more susceptible to alcohol-related liver damage.
Women are more susceptible to incontinence than men.
Women are more susceptible to influences of alcohol just prior to and during menstruation.
Women are more susceptible to patella tracking problems because of the female anatomy.
Women are more susceptible to RSI than men.
Women are more susceptible.
Women are more symptomatic, yet they are more likely to have preserved systolic function.
Women are more tactile and use their sense of touch more than sight.
Women are more tactile.
Women are more task-oriented on the Web than the typical male.
Women are more tender and more mellow.
Women are more than bodies in which to grow babies.
Women are more than twice as likely as men to experience clinical depression.
Women are more than twice as likely as men to experience major depression.
Women are more thorough in cleaning the apartment, in making borsch, and in preparing a crime.
Women are more thrifty and consequently build more economically.
Women are more understanding and see the part that they played if their partner was cheating.
Women are more visible and powerful now, they're presidents of corporations.
Women are more visible as section or departmental managers, in personnel and customer services.
Women are more visually pleasing.
Women are more vulnerable than men to deceit.
Women are more vulnerable than men.
Women are more vulnerable to acquaintance rape then to attack by a stranger.
Women are more vulnerable to developing alcohol-related diseases.
Women are more vulnerable to knee problems than men are.
Women are more vulnerable to liver damage than men.
Women are more vulnerable.
Women are more wary than men are of mathematics, the physical sciences, and business, for example.
Women are more willing to forego the short term benefit in the pursuit of the long term ones.
Women are more willing to listen, seem more interested in environmental issues and in saving money.
Women are more willing to look at the human sides of issues.
Women are more willing to talk their way out of a physical confrontation.
Women are more willing to use medical system since the expenses are more affordable.
Women are more willing to volunteer and help out each other. . . .
Women are morelikely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Women are most at risk for osteoporosis.
Women are most at risk.
Women are most commonly the victims of violence.
Women are most conspicuously underrepresented.
Women are most likely than men to have diabetes.
Women are most likely to be killed by estranged partners.
Women are most likely to be killed when attempting to either report abuse or leave the abuser.
Women are most likely to be killed when attempting to leave the abuser.
Women are most likely to be managers in fields that employ a lot of women.
Women are most likely to look for health information on the Internet.
Women are most likely to want to commit adultery when they're ovulating.
Women are most prone to medical reproductive complications.
Women are most successful when their jacket is unbuttoned and they wear nothing underneath it.
Women are most susceptible to urinary tract infections because of the short urethra.
Women are most vulnerable to brutality or sexual abuse.
Women are mostly free to have sexual desires and ideas whenever they want to.
Women are mostly housewives and store and warehouse workers.
Women are mostly responsible for collecting water for domestic use.
Women are mostly unaware that they can seek redress through the courts.
Women are mothers as well as workers in the economies of countries all over the world.
Women are movingup in the wireless technology arena.
Women are much less likely than men to be avid fans.
Women are much less likely than men to read the financial pages of the newspapers.
Women are much less likely than men to receive tenure.
Women are much less likely to apply to top graduate programs.
Women are much less likely to be the beneficiaries of such largesse.
Women are much less likely to have chest pain.
Women are much less supportive than men of taking military action to defense Taiwan.
Women are much more aroused than men by romantic words, images, and themes in films and stories.
Women are much more at risk for osteoporosis than men, but it affects both sexes.
Women are much more commonly affected than men.
Women are much more conscious of social status and are willing to chnage it.
Women are much more demonstrative and volatile, thus more fascinating to write about.
Women are much more emotionally available in general.
Women are much more involved in charity than men.
Women are much more involved than in the past.
Women are much more likely than men to be victims of elder abuse.
Women are much more likely than men to develop rheumatoid arthritis.
Women are much more likely than men to experience severe foot pain.
Women are much more likely than men to have an overactive thyroid.
Women are much more likely than men to label a given situation as harassing.
Women are much more likely than men to see porn as a tool in their relationships.
Women are much more likely to attempt suicide.
Women are much more likely to be assaulted by a male partner than by a stranger on the street.
Women are much more likely to be aware of the treatment-induced sleep disturbance than are men.
Women are much more likely to be interested in practical things.
Women are much more likely to be victimized by someone they know than by a stranger.
Women are much more likely to develop heart disease after menopause.
Women are much more likely to develop scleroderma than men.
Women are much more likely to die from heart disease than from breast cancer.
Women are much more likely to die of heart disease.
Women are much more likely to earn low wages than men.
Women are much more likely to kill a male partner than to kill anyone else.
Women are much more likely to live alone, and therefore, to lack in-home, unpaid assistance.
Women are much more likely to quit or start work for family-related reasons.
Women are much more likely to suffer an ACL tear than men are.
Women are much more likely to talk about family and personal things when they bond.
Women are much more passionate than men.
Women are much more protective of their children than of their men.
Women are much more ruthless than men - and the more ruthless, the more fascinating.
Women are much more sexually free for instance.
Women are much more susceptible to it than men.
Women are much more tolerant of transsexuals.
Women are much more tolerant to the effects of football.
Women are much more vulnerable to infection than men.
Women are much more willing to let their guard down.
Women are much slower to believe that the expansion is real.
Women are much smarter, craftier and hard-nosed than men.
Women are much the same way.
Women are multiorgasmic.
Women are music.
Women are napkins.
Women are narrow in shoulders, flatter in waist, and wider in the hips.
Women are native to Venus, where they value communication and beauty.
Women are natural collaborators.
Women are natural communicators and see the internet as a new toy.
Women are natural communicators.
Women are natural community builders.
Women are natural guerrillas.
Women are natural lobster riders because they're used to dancing backwards.
Women are natural managers.
Women are natural marketers.
Women are natural networkers.
Women are natural nurturers, nurturing families and communities.
Women are natural savers.
Women are natural sharers.
Women are natural socialists.
Women are natural teachers and cranks.
Women are natural worriers.
Women are natural-born shoppers.
Women are naturally and rightly the home makers, producers, and conservers of life . . . .
Women are naturally better at commitment.
Women are naturally concerned about the effect of seizures on the fetus.
Women are naturally expressive.
Women are naturally good at it, and they're eager to do it.
Women are naturally inferior to men in terms of strength and speed.
Women are naturally orgasmic.
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Women are naturally subservient.
Women are nearly absent from management positions in many countries throughout the developing world.
Women are nearly always the primary care-givers and are often single mothers.
Women are nearly half of the population.
Women are nearly half the managerial workforce.
Women are nearly twice as likely to feel strongly about having more time.
Women are neither angels nor furies.
Women are neither equal nor different to men - they are inferior.
Women are nervous enough about meeting strange guys.
Women are nesters.
Women are never church leaders.
Women are never guilty of such indescretions.
Women are never satisfied.
Women are never so ready as men to resign themselves to the disappointment of their hopes.
Women are never stronger than when they arm themselves with their weaknesses.
Women are never what they seem to be.
Women are never wrong.
Women are nice and stuff.
Women are nine times more likely to be attacked at home than on the street.
Women are nine times more likely to suffer from the disease as men.
Women are no better off.
Women are no better.
Women are no different in the athletic arena.
Women are no different than men in that they like to see perfect beauty.
Women are no different.
Women are no exception and none of the changes in our society are going to fully change that.
Women are no exception.
Women are no less familiar than men with desire, pride, anger, aggression, selfishness and greed.
Women are no long so tied to the home and are, in many cases, free to make a career for themselves.
Women are no longer a rarity in business, government, professions and skilled trades.
Women are no longer economic captives to husbands.
Women are no longer in their homes.
Women are no longer to speak up and defend themselves.
Women are no more apt than men to call themselves liberals.
Women are no more likely to be displaced than men, and face smaller postdisplacement wage losses.
Women are no more sex objects than men are.
Women are no more unclean than Men.
Women are no strangers to war, as today's soldiers are well aware.
Women are non-intellectual and even THEY know how words can massage people but mean nothing.
Women are non-persons in the eyes of the church.
Women are nothing but liars.
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
Women are notorious for trying to do it all.
Women are notoriously lousy at it.
Women are now a part of our club.
Women are now able to hold positions of power in corporations and political offices.
Women are now able to obtain passports without the consent of their husbands, fathers or brothers .
Women are now active in virtually every field of aviation and space flight.
Women are now an important part of the astronaut core.
Women are now as percussive and independent as their male counterparts.
Women are now at a very high risk of contracting the virus, as well are teen-agers and newborns.
Women are now doctors and professors, lawyers, cops and athletes.
Women are now every bit as much at risk as men.
Women are now free to work outside the home.
Women are now heads of family.
Women are now heavily targeted for marketing of alcoholic beverages.
Women are now highly motivated to create a better life for their families and communities.
Women are now in the American Colonies.
Women are now more aware of their own sexuality and the power that sex can have over men, or women.
Women are now more consistently outperforming men in the workplace and boys in the school setting.
Women are now more impoverished and less educated than ever.
Women are now more interested in pursuing advanced degrees than men.
Women are now more likely than men to take up smoking and less likely to give it up.
Women are now more recognised of their abilities.
Women are now more willing and able to speak up about their experience.
Women are now on the world's agenda.
Women are now restless to widen their public participation.
Women are now so much more free agents.
Women are now surgeons, scientists, prime ministers and presidents.
Women are now the fastest growing group of prisoners in the nation.
Women are now the fastest growing population within the prison system, especially minority women.
Women are now too educated and financially competent to accept the old definitions of menopause.
Women are now very much in the forefront in trade.
Women are nowhere forbidden to prophesy.
Women are nurturant because the have been delegated nurturing responsibilities.
Women are nurturant, men are instrumental.
Women are nurturing, men are aggressive.
Women are nuts.
Women are objectified.
Women are objects to be had like points in a billiard room.
Women are objects to be possessed.
Women are obviously interested in certain jerk behaviors.
Women are of particular interest, as is the development of education programs to reduce delay.
Women are often ahead of men in recognizing cultural change.
Women are often altruistic about their fields of activity.
Women are often asymptomatic and thus can easily spread the organism unknowingly.
Women are often at loss for a clear perception of their professional standing.
Women are often better at diffusing a violent situation.
Women are often caregivers and as such tend to feel remorse whenever anything goes wrong.
Women are often close to enemy fire.
Women are often concerned about their reproductive system.
Women are often confused about the effectiveness of the various methods of birth control.
Women are often confused about what their breasts are supposed to feel like.
Women are often gang-raped by groups of ten or more, or are taken as sexual slaves.
Women are often happy to provide it.
Women are often in charge of both their own medications and their family's.
Women are often in fear of men, and have experienced emotional or physical abuse from men.
Women are often less mobile and have fewer professional alternatives outside the academy.
Women are often more concerned with the community's welfare than with their own immediate gain.
Women are often more interested in intimacy than in sex of and for sex itself.
Women are often more lonely whereas men have regrets and can be vindictive, after a divorce.
Women are often more poorly paid and are promoted more slowly than men are.
Women are often more vulnerable in emergencies due to their lower social and economic status.
Women are often more vulnerable.
Women are often most vigilant about their health during pregnancy.
Women are often much better at understanding emotions, and wanting to understand emotions.
Women are often no kinder.
Women are often over-represented among the poorest of the poor.
Women are often quite surprised to realize that their libido is stronger than their partner's.
Women are often reluctant to seek redress of domestic disputes in the courts.
Women are often scared away by the sport.
Women are often self-righteous in their relations with men.
Women are often smarter sooner, hence relate easily to older men.
Women are often surprised at what causes their blood sugars to rise.
Women are often surprised to find themselves crying later.
Women are often the care-takers in TV sitcoms.
Women are often the cooks, but men also have their own style and prepare some delicious dishes.
Women are often the driving force of developing a community.
Women are often the essential agents of change.
Women are often the first affected by environmental pollutants and scarcity.
Women are often the first ones affected by armed conflict.
Women are often the hardest hit by such policies.
Women are often the main bread winner of poor families.
Women are often the major suppliers of household subsistence.
Women are often the ones that suffer the most from lack of planning for retirement.
Women are often the only ones who can provide information and testimony.
Women are often the people who suffer the most in a conflict.
Women are often the victim of men.
Women are often the victims of family dysfunction which result from the alcohol or substance abuse.
Women are often the victims of physical, sexual, and psychological abuse.
Women are often the victims of workplace threats, harassment, and violence.
Women are often the victims, serving as domestic servants in slave-like conditions.
Women are often under-investigated or the symptoms they present are vague.
Women are often unpaid community volunteers and, more often than men, work part time.
Women are often unsure of their role in society.
Women are older than men and have more hypertension, and diabetes.
Women are on a par with men in business, in athletics, in the home.
Women are on average less educated and less financially secure than men.
Women are on our own, and on our own turf.
Women are on the outside when the door to the smoke-filled room is closed.
Women are on the pill and men use barrier methods.
Women are on the receiving end.
Women are on the second floor.
Women are on the verge of losing their basic right to choose.
Women are one of the fastest growing groups to be infected with the virus.
Women are one of the key group among the affected people.
Women are one of the most adversely affected populations during times of conflict.
Women are one of the most promising groups for new organising, the programme points out.
Women are one of the most promising groups for new organizing, the program points out.
Women are one of the most vulnerable sectors of Salvadorian society.
Women are one such group.
Women are online.
Women are openly discriminated against, says the U.S. report.
Women are opposed to government action when it comes to gay rights and school prayer.
Women are our greatest hope for the necessary emergence of the sacred feminine.
Women are our mothers, sister, wives and daughters.
Women are our opposites for a reason.
Women are our target audience.
Women are out of the market.
Women are out of their minds.
Women are out there, and they are willing to learn technology.
Women are out there.
Women are outlines.
Women are over-represented among the poor.
Women are over-represented among the unemployed and underemployed.
Women are over-represented among visitors to all of the eight key art forms except jazz.
Women are over-represented amongst the underemployed .
Women are part of civil societies and citizens whose consent is required.
Women are part of that foundation.
Women are part of the mix.
Women are part of the solution.
Women are particular disconcerted with the quality of leadership in the realm of social policy.
Women are particularly at risk because they have smaller more fragile bones to start off with.
Women are particularly at risk in areas of armed conflict.
Women are particularly at risk, having three to five times as many problems from weak bones as men.
Women are particularly at risk.
Women are particularly partial to their bit of brass.
Women are particularly perceptive when it comes to environmental concerns.
Women are particularly prone to insomnia and headache brought on by insufficient sleep.
Women are particularly prone to iron deficiency.
Women are particularly prone to osteoporosis due to smaller frames and lighter bones.
Women are particularly susceptible to depression after childbirth.
Women are particularly susceptible to developing an eating disorder.
Women are particularly susceptible to stress caused by hormonal changes.
Women are particularly susceptible to such disinformation.
Women are particularly underrepresented in extreme metal genres.
Women are particularly vulnerable and are exposed to different forms of violence in our society.
Women are particularly vulnerable to financial and emotional devastation from long term care needs.
Women are particularly vulnerable to harm.
Women are particularly vulnerable to the messages of advertisers.
Women are particularly vulnerable victims of the continent's internal conflicts.
Women are particularly vulnerable, as they try to juggle their various roles.
Women are particularly vulnerable, suffering depression at twice the rate of men.
Women are particularly vulnerable.
Women are passive receivers of sex, never equal partners or initiators.
Women are patient like that.
Women are people pleasers.
Women are people too and a lot of men forget that.
Women are people too.
Women are people, too.
Women are people.
Women are people.
Women are perceptive as well as intuitive.
Women are perfect when they come into the world.
Women are persons.
Women are petty people.
Women are phony.
Women are physically objectified and, as a consequence, routinely harassed and assaulted sexually.
Women are physically weaker than men.
Women are physically weaker, less clever, have less power and prestige.
Women are physically, mentally, emotionally and motivationally different than men.
Women are pivotal to the health of families and communities.
Women are pleased no less than men by noble and just deeds, and reject the opposite of such actions.
Women are pleased with the personalized care doulas offer.
Women are plenty -men are scarce.
Women are poems.
Women are politically very active.
Women are poorer than men in every society, and they are poor for different reasons.
Women are poorer than men, and whites are better off than non-whites.
Women are possessions, objects.
Women are postmenopausal.
Women are potential executives in organizations.
Women are potentially the most important contributors to peace.
Women are powerful contenders in the battle with evil.
Women are powerful, and dangerous.
Women are powerless against our manliness.
Women are powerless in many economies.
Women are powerless without solidarity.
Women are prepared to block attacks and to punch right from the beginning.
Women are present at all levels in numbers reflecting the national and local communities served.
Women are pretty amazing.
Women are pretty strong in Japan.
Women are prey.
Women are priceless for building homes and societies.
Women are primarily responsible for managing the house.
Women are primary buyers and sellers of smaller goods in nearby markets.
Women are primary caregivers for spouses, family, friends, and grandchildren.
Women are private speakers.
Women are probably capable of excelling in all sports that require skill as opposed to pure brawn.
Women are probably even more of a puzzle to men than men are to women.
Women are probably underdiagnosed.
Women are professionals.
Women are prominent in most professions.
Women are prominent on pundits' lists.
Women are prominent policy makers.
Women are prone to bruise from minor injuries, especially on the thighs and upper arms.
Women are prone to fatigue from anemia.
Women are property.
Women are pros at it.
Women are protect to a large degreee by hormones.
Women are proud of the work they do.
Women are proud of their physical selves.
Women are psychologically and physically suited to pursue any career or professional path chosen.
Women are psychotic.
Women are quick to find concrete solutions to the continuously changing problems of working life.
Women are quicker than men to reject the idea of getting their picture taken.
Women are quite a force in the market, and there's a whole commodification of chick singers.
Women are quite creative in finding ways to cover up incisions with hairdos, hats and scarves.
Women are quite unlike men.
Women are racially and ethnically diverse.
Women are radically under-represented in the upper management of most industries, including film.
Women are rare.
Women are ready to grow and support one another.
Women are ready to take their place at the top in corporate America.
Women are ready to work as agents of change.
Women are ready, but they just haven t been in the room.
Women are real pros at using their contacts.
Women are really better parents.
Women are really too weak to do well in sports.
Women are receptive to it.
Women are relational learners.
Women are relationship builders Women make wonderful net-workers.
Women are relentless when they have set their sights on a man.
Women are reluctant to discuss gynecologic issues with male doctors, nurses on their first visit.
Women are represented on both sides of the abortion issue, as leaders, activists and supporters.
Women are responsible for all of the household work and are the primary caretakers of the children.
Women are responsible for cooking, collecting wild foods, and manufacturing nets and fans.
Women are responsible for men telling lies.
Women are responsible for milking of animals.
Women are responsible for most domestic chores.
Women are responsible for much of the extraction process in the production of shea butter.
Women are responsible for our own sexual behavior as well as men.
Women are responsible for planting, pruning, grafting, harvesting and processing grapes.
Women are responsible for the children, who are valued highly in Somali culture.
Women are responsible for the construction of the family boma .
Women are responsible for the domestic sphere and help the men with some activities on the farm.
Women are responsible for transplanting, weeding and harvesting.
Women are responsible too, of course.
Women are ridiculous.
Women are right.
Women are risk adverse.
Women are romantic.
Women are routinely raped in police custody, but most incidents remain unreported, they claim.
Women are safe on Vienna's streets and public conveyances.
Women are safer from abuse in stable marriages.
Women are savvy creatures.
Women are scared because they feel threatened.
Women are scared of broaching boundaries as well.
Women are scary.
Women are scheming, men are direct.
Women are second class citizens.
Women are secondary victims of gun violence.
Women are second-class citizens in Bollywood.
Women are sedentary and maternal.
Women are seductive, mysterious, haunting, powerful.
Women are seen as talking more, emotional, they prompt men in conversation, ask lots of questions.
Women are segregated by clothing, as are men.
Women are self-supporting.
Women are sensitive and emotionally based and they relate on a communicational level.
Women are sensitive and impressionable.
Women are serious, rigorous, flexible, and have creative skills that are in high demand.
Women are seriously under-represented in science, technology and engineering.
Women are seven times more likely to resort to violence in self-defense.
Women are severely underrepresented in government and politics.
Women are severely underrepresented in the engineering profession.
Women are sexual beings and most enjoy good sexual relationships and even the odd one-night stand.
Women are sexually complex.
Women are sexually much more powerful than men, once they are experienced.
Women are sexy.
Women are shareholders.
Women are shorter than men, on the average.
Women are sick of having their children killed.
Women are sick of playing generic sympathetic characters.
Women are sick of the sexist comments and the ragging that they get when they join a game.
Women are significantly less likely to use computers than men.
Women are significantly more disapproving of violent content than men.
Women are significantly more likely than men are to be injured during an assault.
Women are significantly more likely than men to be killed by an intimate partner.
Women are significantly more likely to feel that way.
Women are significantly more likely to prefer customary measures than men.
Women are significantly underrepresented in politics.
Women are similarly underrepresented in all other fields of science, math and engineering.
Women are simply adorable dopes.
Women are simply better equipped to notice things to which men are completely blind and deaf.
Women are simply more susceptible to depression.
Women are simply outside of the frame.
Women are simply physically and biologically weaker to men.
Women are simply resources, bodies.
Women are simply smarter than men.
Women are six times more likely than men to be the targets of domestic violence.
Women are slightly better than men at running countries.
Women are slightly more concerned than men about security and privacy.
Women are slightly more in favor of developing a missile defense system than men.
Women are slightly more likely than men to report no leisure-time physical activity.
Women are slightly more likely to get the disease than men.
Women are slightly more likely to mix it up with a new lover.
Women are slightly more likely to smoke than men.
Women are slightly more restrained.
Women are slightly more sceptical than men.
Women are slightly more stressed than men.
Women are slightly more susceptible than men to the disorder.
Women are slower to attain rectorships that men who are their contemporaries in the seminary.
Women are slower to believe that the fundamental nature of the Soviet Union had changed.
Women are slower to recover from surgery, and are more prone to nausea, vomiting and pain than men.
Women are sluts and prostitutes.
Women are smaller than men, and their bladders have a smaller maximum size.
Women are smaller than men.
Women are smart and successful.
Women are smart and they can do what ever it takes to be president.
Women are smart enough to understand the Constitution.
Women are smart shoppers.
Women are smart to take precautions when traveling alone.
Women are smart, women are frugal.
Women are smart.
Women are smarter than men because they listen.
Women are smarter than men.
Women are so afraid of breast cancer because of all the media attention and public awareness.
Women are so anxious about being perceived as unserious.
Women Are So Beautiful.
Women are so busy.
Women are so confoundedly romantic.
Women are so fond of using it.
Women are so illogical.
Women are so much more intelligent.
Women are so naive.
Women are so naturally supportive.
Women are so scary that way.
Women are so silly.
Women are so tense about going out and playing golf.
Women are so varied in their backgrounds.
Women are socially inferior.
Women are socially lonely and have emotional loneliness.
Women are socially, and too often physically, abused.
Women are some of the greatest beneficiaries of the innovations and dynamic changes underway.
Women are sometimes a bit sore after the laparoscopy.
Women are sometimes concerned that a hit to the breast can cause cancer, for instance.
Women are sometimes harsher critics of each other.
Women are sometimes prone to screech when they have a problem.
Women are sometimes the principal earners in very poor households.
Women are sometimes unfaithful.
Women are somewhat more likely than men to take medications to treat pain on a daily basis.
Women are somewhat more likely than men to use intensive treatment programs.
Women are somewhat more likely to complete a bachelor's degree than are men.
Women are somewhat more likely to graduate from high school than men.
Women are somewhat more likely to participate than men.
Women are special.
Women are sponges.
Women are stakeholders in the peace process.
Women are staples in the work force today.
Women are still a minority in many postgraduate degrees.
Women are still a minority in the services.
Women are still a muted group.
Women are still active participants in ballooning.
Women are still an anomaly as sources and as executives.
Women are still angry, but choose to express their anger in a different way now.
Women are still at the bottom.
Women are still behind in many areas in comparision to men.
Women are still dramatically absent in top positions due to the glass ceiling.
Women are still far from being represented equally in political life.
Women are still from Venus and men from Mars.
Women are still headcases though.
Women are still in comparatively low-paying jobs.
Women are still more likely than men to live in poor housing, receive no health insurance.
Women are still more likely to suffer facial trauma in motor-vehicle accidents.
Women are still much more likely than men to go without health insurance.
Women are still objectified and idealized.
Women are still only about one-third interscholastic and intercollegiate athletes.
Women are still only about one-third of interscholastic and intercollegiate athletes.
Women are still over represented in low-paying jobs.
Women are still pleasers.
Women are still sorely under-represented among elected officials today.
Women are still taboo on palavers that continue to be held.
Women are still the main workers in clerical jobs, computer processing, etc.
Women are still the ones picking up the majority of the work at home.
Women are still the primary caregivers in U.S. society.
Women are still underpaid as they do the same job as men who are paid more.
Women are still under-represented in governments and political parties.
Women are still under-represented in management.
Women are still underrepresented in math, science, and engineering-related fields.
Women are still underrepresented in official bodies where decision making processes take place.
Women are still underrepresented in the nation's legislatures.
Women are still underrepresented.
Women are still unemployed more and longer than men.
Women are still very much a minority in management.
Women are still victims of domestic violence without any protection.
Women are still women.
Women are strong advocates for the rights and needs of children.
Women are strong and adept at faking it.
Women are strong and muscular.
Women are strong athletes and women can be just as aggressive as men can be.
Women are strong when they believe they are strong.
Women are strong when they choose to make a change for the better.
Women are strong when they make difficult choices.
Women are strong.
Women are stronger environmentalists, more critical of business and less critical of government.
Women are stronger than men.
Women are stronger.
Women Are Stupid.
Women are sub-humans under fundamentalists of all hues and colours.
Women are subject to abuse regardless of race or class.
Women are subject to sexual violence and the denial of basic standards of care.
Women are subject to strict moral codes including dress codes.
Women are subordinate by their position as bodily.
Women are subordinate to all men, regardless of seniority.
Women are subservient to their husbands and are forced to debase themselves on a regular basis.
Women are successful in almost everything.
Women are successful primarily because they are very capable.
Women are such a vital part of our congregation.
Women are suckers for sensitive men.
Women are superior.
Women are susceptible to heart attacks too, but women seem to be missing the message.
Women are targets of violence solely because of their sex.
Women are team builders.
Women are teasers and blood suckers.
Women ARE technological and take pleasure in the uses and possibilities for the Internet.
Women are ten times frail, after all.
Women are tender- hearted, their emotions rule over their intellect.
Women are that which represents the nostalgia of womb memory.
Women are the attractive but meek recipients of the hero's attentions.
Women are the backbone and adhesive element that is indispensable to the success of polygamy.
Women are the backbone of our churches.
Women are the backbone of the church.
Women are the backbone of the environmental movement.
Women are the backbone of the family.
WOmen are the backbones of Latin American communities in many ways.
Women are the bearers of children and in most parts of the world the main nurturers.
Women are the bearers of life, the providers of children.
Women are the beautiful sex, like flowers, like the moon.
Women are the best source of information about their safety concerns.
Women are the biggest buyers of greeting cards, so locate the department next to cosmetics.
Women are the biggest users of the health care system.
Women are the birthers, nurturers, healers and civilizers of humankind.
Women are the builders of men.
Women are the care givers, the gatherers of fuel and water.
Women are the caretakers of the world.
Women are the cause of plagues and sin.
Women are the center of the family unit.
Women are the chief perpetuators of hoopla and ceremony.
Women are the chief stumbling- block in a man's career.
Women are the chief stumbling block in a man's career.
Women are the chief stumbling-block in a man's career.
Women are the collectors of stuff.
Women are the complete opposite of men when it comes to bisexuality of the opposite gender.
Women are the connection to the earth and have the responsibility for the future of the nation.
Women are the consummate nurturers.
Women are the cradle of our race.
Women are the creators of culture, culture which begins in their families and in their home life.
Women are the creators of life.
Women are the customary target of both diseases.
Women are the devils nets.
Women are the domestic family members, the homemakers, and the docile creatures.
Women are the equals of men before the law and are equal in all their rights.
Women are the fastest growing and least violent segment of prison and jail populations.
Women are the fastest growing and least violent segment of the prison and jail populations.
Women are the fastest growing group in the U.S. in filing bankruptcy.
Women are the fastest growing group to be incarcerated, especially women of color.
Women are the fastest growing prison population in America.
Women are the fastest growing section of the U.S. prison population.
Women are the fastest growing sector of the U.S. prison population.
Women are the fastest growing segment of the hunting community.
Women are the fastest growing segment of the labor market today.
Women are the fastest growing segment of the outdoor market.
Women are the fastest growing segment of the prison population in America.
Women are the fastest-growing sector in the small business sector.
Women are the fastest-growing segment among the ranks of the impoverished.
Women are the fastest-growing user group on the Net.
Women are the fiercer sex.
Women are the final, complete creation.
Women are the focus here, and with no apologies.
Women are the focus of the majority of the film's violent crimes.
Women are the force that led to the evolution and domestication of the wild man.
Women are the fuel that drives our company.
Women are the gatekeepers of life.
Women are the gatekeepers of sex.
Women are the genetic essence of our species, and language was given birth by a woman.
Women are the glue that hold societies together.
Women are the greater victims of the stigma around the disease.
Women are the greatest users of the health care system.
Women are the group that is showing the highest increase in infection rates.
Women are the half of society.
Women are the heart of the Hispanic family.
Women are the heart of the home, and they can also be the heart of the business world.
Women are the higher risk population.
Women are the keepers of emotional history.
Women are the key target for marketing home furnishings items.
Women are the key to resolving today's problems.
Women are the key workers in textiles, the nation's top export industry.
Women are the kings of multitasking and layered thought processing.
Women are the largest group of landless people in the world.
Women are the largest part of the growing entrepreneurial, small-business market.
Women are the largest untapped market of new shooters.
Women are the least likely to draw from a pension plan in retirement.
Women are the life givers.
Women are the light of the life of a man.
Women are the linchpin of any such programme.
Women are the main issue.
Women are the main producers in mountain households.
Women are the main victims of discrimination based on size.
Women are the mainstay of all songwriting.
Women are the major cause of the blues.
Women are the major consumers of treatments and services for mental illnesses.
Women are the major primary healthcare providers for their families.
Women are the majority in that class.
Women are the majority in the United States.
Women are the majority of care recipients and caregivers, and have longer life expectancies.
Women are the majority of employees that are n favor of flex time in the workplace.
Women are the majority of enrollees in managed care plans.
Women are the majority of managed care users.
Women are the majority of meeting planners.
Women are the majority of the population.
Women are the majority of voters in every state of the United States.
Women are the majority.
Women are the makers, the shapers, the recipients, becoming both the sculptor and the sculpture.
Women are the masters of their families.
Women are the missing link.
Women are the more expressive sex.
Women are the more sensitive side of our society.
Women are the most common victims around their menstrual cycles.
Women are the most deprived group in our society.
Women are the most exploited people in the history of the world.
Women are the most frequent candidates for chronic debilitating disease and for nursing homes.
Women are the most frequent sufferers because the condition is often linked to menopause.
Women are the most interesting thing in the world.
Women are the most likely to become diabetics.
Women are the most marginalized, especially in poor societies.
Women are the most pessimistic, as the higher cost of living affects their household budgets.
Women are the most pleassurable.
Women are the most rapidly growing segment of the homeless.
Women are the most vulnerable group of workers affected by globalisation.
Women are the most wonderful things in the entire world.
Women are the mothers of our children, the bearers of our seed.
Women are the movers and shakers of the far-right in Germany.
Women are the nation's primary health care consumers and the majority of managed care enrollees.
Women are the nation's primary health care consumers.
Women are the natural nurturers of their families.
Women are the networkers of our species.
Women are the new generation of business leaders.
Women are the nurturers.
Women are the obvious growth area.
Women are the one's being preached to by society.
Women are the ones generally who take the time to raise the family.
Women are the ones that bring life into the world.
Women are the ones who are suffering the most together with children.
Women are the ones who are suffering.
Women are the ones who get pregnant.
Women are the ones who know what they find threatening.
Women are the ones who make or break the relationship.
Women are the ones who organize against it.
Women are the ones who rescue and then heal.
Women are the ones who risk conceiving and who are most at risk from fluid exchange.
Women are the only exploited group in history who has been idealized into powerlessness.
Women are the only exploited group in history who have been idealized into powerlessness.
Women are the only gender equipped for that crime.
Women are the only reason to play such games.
Women are the origin of all things.
Women are the people most affected by war.
Women are the poorest of the poor.
Women are the primary caregivers.
Women are the primary caretakers for most of the world's children and elderly.
Women are the primary consumers and are getting ripped off.
Women are the primary consumers of health care.
Women are the primary consumers of health services and have unique health needs.
Women are the primary decision-makers when buying a house.
Women are the primary donors to animal groups.
Women are the primary family caregivers.
Women are the primary participants in agriculture, food processing, water and fuel collection.
Women are the primary targets of advertising campaigns.
Women are the prime educators of our children.
Women are the prime target of the evil known as religious extremism,'' the study adds.
Women are the principal caregivers of the children in our society.
Women are the producers hosts and guests.
Women are the Queen Bees.
Women are the real architects of society.
Women are the real symbol of development today.
Women are the repositories of truth and culture.
Women are the root of all evil.
Women are the roots, men are just the leaves.
Women are the rulers of the interior, men the exterior.
Women are the servants of the family.
Women are the sole breadwinners for an increasing number of households.
Women are the sole breadwinners in one household in three worldwide.
Women are the sole breadwinners in one third of all households in the world.
Women are the still the primary caregivers in American society.
Women are the stronghold of the earth, let's face it.
Women are the stupidest things on the planet next to cows.
Women are the subject of feminist theory and strategies of liberation.
Women are the target of a little more than one third of America's violent crime.
Women are the targets of slightly more than a third of America's violent crime.
Women are the topic over which progressive and conservative forces are fighting.
Women are the tough creatures to satisfy when it comes to loving overtures of romance.
Women are the traditional market traders in Africa.
Women are the true healers.
Women are the types who hate to mess their hair.
Women are the under-utilised key to accomplishing the goals of development.
Women are the unfortunate victims of arthritis almost twice as often as men are.
Women are the unheard voice of history.
Women are the usual victims of spouse abuse.
Women are the victims in a majority of the cases.
Women are the victims of half of all fatal heart attacks each year.
Women are the victims of intimate violence and homicide significantly more often than men.
Women are the victims of unequal power relations in the home and in society.
Women are the weavers and givers of life producing children in their womb.
Women are the womb of humanity.
Women are the zoo keepers.
Women are their own worst enemies when it comes to foot problems.
Women are then able to enjoy several orgasms at their own pace at the hands of their partners.
Women are there to look after the house and children.
Women are there to serve men's needs.
Women are there, but they're behind the men.
Women are there.
Women Are There.
Women are therefore reluctant to bring a case of rape to court.
Women are third-class people.
Women are thre to four times more likely to seek professional help when a loved one dies.
Women are three times as likely as men to attempt suicide.
Women are three times as likely as men to run a household alone.
Women are three times as likely to become depressed as men.
Women are three times more likely than men to be affected.
Women are three times more likely than men to be victims of rheumatoid arthritis .
Women are three times more likely than men to be victims of rheumatoid arthritis.
Women are three times more likely than men to have episodes of clinical depression.
Women are three times more likely to be affected than men are.
Women are three times more likely to die of a heart attack or stroke than breast cancer.
Women are three times more likely to experience SAD than men.
Women are three times more likely to have migraine headaches than men.
Women are three times more likely to have migraines.
Women are three times more likely to have the condition than men.
Women are three times more likely to suffer migraine headaches than men.
Women are three-fifths of all poor adults, and one in eight women are poor.
Women are ticklish people.
Women are tighter than they used to be.
Women are tired of being told they are equal to men and then getting the second job.
Women are tired of having to gasp and scream as if they are enjoying themselves.
Women are tired of paying for freedom with our lives.
Women are tired of waiting.
Women are to be baptized for women and men for men.
Women are to be controlled in order to avoid their dishonoring the family.
Women are to be highly valued regardless of the decisions they make in relation to their income.
Women are to be honored, women are to be equal.
Women are to be more feared morally than men.
Women are to be obedient, quiet, and timid.
Women are to be ordained into the pastoral ministry.
Women are to be protected, especially against rape or forced prostitution.
Women are to be pursued.
Women are to be silent in church.
Women are to be sold or given as gifts.
Women are to be teaching and leading women today.
Women are to be used in pastoral care, teaching, preaching and worship.
Women are to be warned if they are to work in cat facilities.
Women are to bear children and be their husband's companions.
Women are to compliment, support, learn from, and obey our husbands.
Women are to dress in a similarly profession manner.
Women are to dress modestly and discreetly.
Women are to include at least one woman, preferably two.
Women are to keep silent in the churches.
Women are to learn in silence.
Women are to remain silent in worship.
Women are to wear a one-piece bathing suit and high heels.
Women are to wear dresses and flat dress shoes.
Women are to wear dresses or skirts.
Women are to wear dresses, skirt and blouse, pantsuits, or dress slacks and blouse.
Women are to wear long dress, long sleeves, and head cover.
Women are to wear modest apparel.
Women are today equal - in theory.
Women are too ambitious to sit around.
Women are too ashamed to talk about it.
Women are too busy to filter through the thousands of options on the web.
Women are too complacent.
Women are too distracting, they say.
Women are too emotional.
Women are too nifty.
Women are too often victims of poverty.
Women are too self-centered.
Women are too stupid.
Women are too, the client claims, since they can scope the pretty woman's pretty clothes.
Women are top team executives.
Women are totally subjugated, the king's rule is absolute, diplomacy usually means war.
Women are tough.
Women are traditional protectors of the environment.
Women are traditionally in a position of being economically dependent on men.
Women are traditionally the homemakers and carers of society.
Women are traditionally the sex that links humans to fabric.
Women are trafficked from Bhutan to other countries for commercial sexual exploitation.
Women are transformative, and people-orientated.
Women are treated with respect, there is no sexual bombardment like there in western society.
Women are treated with respect, there is no sexual bombardment like there is in western society.
Women are tricky like that.
Women are truly the sufferers and the heroes here.
Women are truly wonderful creatures.
Women are turned off, men act like boys.
Women are twice as intuitive as men when it comes to relationships.
Women are twice as likely as men during retirement to receive income below the poverty level.
Women are twice as likely as men to be addicted to prescription drugs in combination with alcohol.
Women are twice as likely as men to be affected.
Women are twice as likely as men to be diagnosed with depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to be overweight - yet they live longer.
Women are twice as likely as men to be released on their own recognizance.
Women are twice as likely as men to be seeking material for a child.
Women are twice as likely as men to be stalked by an intimate partner.
Women are twice as likely as men to be stricken.
Women are twice as likely as men to be under-insured.
Women are twice as likely as men to become depressed.
Women are twice as likely as men to develop panic disorder.
Women are twice as likely as men to develop the conditions.
Women are twice as likely as men to enter such conversations.
Women are twice as likely as men to experience clinical depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to experience depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to experience mood disorders such as depression in their lives.
Women are twice as likely as men to have arthritic knees.
Women are twice as likely as men to have clinical depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to have difficulties falling asleep or staying asleep.
Women are twice as likely as men to have experienced sexual abuse.
Women are twice as likely as men to have gallstones.
Women are twice as likely as men to have panic attacks.
Women are twice as likely as men to order room service while traveling alone on business.
Women are twice as likely as men to suffer from clinical depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to suffer from depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to suffer from the condition.
Women are twice as likely as men to suffer from the disorder.
Women are twice as likely as men to suffer the devastating effects of depression.
Women are twice as likely as men to use the Internet exclusively for business.
Women are twice as likely to be affected as men.
Women are twice as likely to be affected by major depression than men are.
Women are twice as likely to be blind as men.
Women are twice as likely to be depressed.
Women are twice as likely to be unemployed as men and almost twice as likely to have unstable jobs.
Women are twice as likely to become depressed as men.
Women are twice as likely to develop a depressive illness.
Women are twice as likely to develop migraine as men.
Women are twice as likely to die from heart disease than all cancers combined.
Women are twice as likely to die from heart disease than from breast cancer.
Women are twice as likely to die from their first heart attack.
Women are twice as likely to experience depression than men.
Women are twice as likely to get depressed as men.
Women are twice as likely to have already started holiday shopping online as are men.
Women are twice as likely to have canker sores as men.
Women are twice as likely to have depression as men.
Women are twice as likely to have depression over men.
Women are twice as likely to have struvite stones as men.
Women are twice as likely to have the disease.
Women are twice as likely to know the offender.
Women are twice as likely to sprain an ankle in heels than flats.
Women are twice as likely to suffer depression.
Women are twice as likely to suffer from depression than men.
Women are twice as likely to suffer from depression, but three times as many men commit suicide.
Women are twice as prone to depression and anxiety disorders.
Women are twice as susceptible as men and whites are more more at risk than blacks.
Women are twice as susceptible as men.
Women are twice as susceptible to the condition as are men.
Women are twice as susceptible.
Women are twice as vulnerable to depression as men.
Women are twice as vulnerable.
Women are twice to three times more likely to suffer from the winter blues than men.
Women are two and half times more likely to work part-time as men.
Women are two or three times more likely to be diagnosed as being anxious than men are.
Women are two times more at risk than men, and their symptoms last four times as long.
Women are two times more likely than men to develop depression.
Women are two times more likely than men to have a bladder control problem.
Women are two times more likely to develop the disease than are men.
Women are two times more likely to get depression.
Women are two to three times more likely than men to be blinded by trachoma.
Women are two to three times more likely to be affected than men.
Women are two to three times more likely to develop depression than men.
Women are two to three times more likely to have chronic tension headaches than men.
Women are two to three times more likely to suffer panic attacks than men.
Women are typically anxious about wearing swimsuits.
Women are typically at a more advanced state of heart disease at first diagnosis.
Women are typically better parents, but more because of driver's-seat experience than biology.
Women are typically less well placed than men to ensure their own cure .
Women are typically more open to the idea of therapy.
Women are typically responsible for household maintenance and marketing garden produce.
Women are typically servers, except for fine dining where men hold the title.
Women are typically strip-searched when they enter segregation or return from unsupervised absences.
Women are unable to divorce tender emotions from sex.
Women are unaware that operations can be done and are available to repair many of their injuries.
Women are under enormous pressure to marry and bear children in order to have a place in society.
Women are under even more pressure because every household wants a boy.
Women are under stress until they find a way to express the truth and the meaning they understand.
Women are underdiagnosed and undertreated for heart disease and stroke and their risk factors.
Women are underpaid and undervalued in the workforce.
Women are underrepresented at the national university.
Women are underrepresented in all levels of decision-making.
Women are under-represented in all regulating boards.
Women are underrepresented in every sector of society, including parliament.
Women are underrepresented in government and politics, although they are active in political life.
Women are underrepresented in government and politics, although they face no legal impediments.
Women are underrepresented in government and politics.
Women are under-represented in many important areas of media.
Women are under-represented in medical research and among many medical specialties.
Women are underrepresented in politics and government.
Women are underrepresented in the political process.
Women are under-represented in the technological fields.
Women are under-represented.
Women are understandably reluctant to interact in a medium where such perceived hostility exists.
Women are uneducated and looked down upon.
Women are ungrateful to their husbands.
Women are unhappy with the state of affairs.
Women are unique.
Women are unlikely to encounter many problems while travelling in Liechtenstein.
Women are unpredictable.
Women are unproductive in the industrial workforce.
Women are upset if doctors examine their breasts if they come to the clinic for another reason.
Women are upset.
Women are useful and valuable.
Women are usually alone when they abort.
Women are usually carriers, and males are usually affected with the syndrome.
Women are usually more affected by eco-extremity.
Women are usually more difficult to find than men since they change their names with marriage.
Women are usually more interested in compromising, more concerned about the end result.
Women are usually more interested in the journey than the destination.
Women are usually more prone to urinary tract infections than men or children are.
Women are usually nimble fingered, gentle, and used to withstanding more pain than men.
Women are usually OK in slacks and plain shirts.
Women are usually older and sicker when they have a heart attack.
Women are usually older when they have their first heart attack.
Women are usually one size smaller.
Women are usually only mildly unwell with a sore throat and flu-like illness.
Women are usually ready sooner.
Women are usually shorter than men.
Women are usually silent observers of abuse.
Women are usually smaller in stature than men and have less bone reserve of calcium.
Women are usually stronger emotionally.
Women are usually the first ones to become interested in setting up the garden.
Women are usually the first to loose their jobs as governments restructure and companies retrench.
Women are usually the first to lose their jobs as governments restructure and companies retrench.
Women are usually the leaders at the local community level.
Women are usually the ones unhappy about the lack of housework help from their spouses.
Women are usually the ones who care for the entire family.
Women are usually very coy about admitting that they masturbate.
Women are usually very overdressed for all occasions.
Women are usually very receptive to pornographic movies.
Women are usually weak.
Women are valuable creatures they are a gift from the lord.
Women are verbal, where men are action oriented.
Women are verbal.
Women are versatile.
Women are very active economically in Ghana, and as likely as men to be involved in business.
Women are very active in fish processing and marketing.
Women are very aggressive, too, today and they do really fight for their rights and recognition.
Women are very appearance-oriented with good reasons.
Women are very attracted to confidence as well as looks.
Women are very concerned about breast cancer.
Women are very concerned about economic security issues - they simply frame it differently than men.
Women are very concerned about rape.
Women are very confused about the factors that can influence their risk of developing breast cancer.
Women are very different from guys.
Women are very generous in donating their books and other materials.
Women are very good at keeping families together.
Women are very hard workers and are just as smart as men.
Women are very important in any development of a country.
Women are very much engaged in household or domestic tasks.
Women are very much involved.
Women are very much responsive to the gospel message.
Women are very nice but they're quite stupid.
Women are very punishy when watching the show.
Women are very resourceful, and that makes for a good entrepreneur.
Women are very savvy.
Women are very sensitive to being wrong.
Women are very simple creatures.
Women are very smart today.
Women are very strong in the adventure game market as well.
Women are very talented.
Women are very under-funded.
Women are very vulnerable to back pain.
Women are very, very, very hard to understand.
Women are victims innocent huddled masses yearning to be free of male troglodyte tycoons.
Women are victims of rape and sexual violence in the home, in war and in other forms of conflict.
Women are victims of their own weakness that has evolved.
Women are victims.
Women are vital in nourishing the world.
Women are vital to the future European labour force.
Women are vital to the overall peace.
Women are vulnerable to ambivalence and confusion.
Women are weak, irrational, more susceptible to influence, and inferior to men.
Women are welcome and encouraged to join as well.
Women are welcome as full senior members.
Women are welcome as well.
Women are welcome at group no matter where they are in their search for peace.
Women are welcome at the conference.
Women are welcome at the vigils, but the somber events are organized by men.
Women are welcome but rare.
Women are welcome in the Kingdom of God.
Women are welcome to attend the breakfasts.
Women are welcome to bring their children.
Women are welcome to drop by the unit for breast screening.
Women are welcome to drop in for a chat and have a coffee.
Women are welcome to join at any point in the curriculum and can stay for short or extended terms.
Women are welcome to join at any time during the quarter.
Women are welcome to join at any time throughout the year.
Women are welcome, as long as they behave.
Women are welcome.
Women are well represented at all levels of government and politics.
Women are well represented in administrative and managerial positions and in higher education.
Women are well represented in political life at all levels.
Women are well represented in the union, both at the executive and branch levels.
Women are well represented on the list as well.
Women are well- represented on the rodeo circuit, too.
Women are well-accepted and appreciated professionally.
Women are well-adapted to be investigators.
Women are well-prepared to study engineering.
Women are well-represented and active on the contemporary philosophical scene.
Women are well-represented within the company.
Women are whacked about.
Women are white women.
Women are wholly dependent.
Women are wicked creatures that are put on the Earth to punish mankind.
Women are willing to do some of the most difficult and dangerous jobs such as street cleaning.
Women are willing to pay more to have a better fit.
Women are willing to wait longer than men, who tend to want results quickly.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Women are without opprobrium free to choose as many bedmates, or housemates, as they see fit.
Women are woefully under-represented.
Women are women and men are men.
Women are women are women.
Women are women, men are men.
Women are women.
Women are worried about securing custody and maintaining financial stability.
Women are worse.
Women are worst sufferers of discrimination.
Women are worth much more than the prepackaged mannequins, whom many aspire to be.
Women are worthy of respect.
Women are worthy.
Women are younger than men and have less experience and time at the present station.
Women are, after all, the superior gender.
Women are, and always have been, scientists.
Women are, and smooth negotiations depend on polished skills.
Women are, as a whole, a pretty formidable force in our world.
Women are, by definition, by their very nature, funny.
Women are, by far, the bargainers.
Women are, for now, so constituted that the right thing to do is also the healthy thing to do.
Women are, however, also affected by a range of conditions specific to their gender.
Women are, however, as well or more highly represented than men in some science fields.
Women are, however, encouraged to apply as a group.
Women are, however, getting on the net, in increasing numbers.
Women are, in contrast, loving, nurturing, caring.
Women are, in fact, using family planning in increasing numbers in every world region.
Women are, in general, known to be more empathic than men.
Women are, in some cases, carrying their concerns into national politics.
Women are, on average, shorter than men are.
Women are, on the average, built smaller than men.
Women are, therefore, especially encouraged to apply.
Women are, therefore, especially urged to apply.
Women are, therefore, in a special position to know the value of each and every human life.
Women are, today, forty-six percent of the workforce and an integral part of the business world.
Women arent very clever at hiding it.
Women arm in arm, men arm in arm.
Women arrange everything from buying sarees, goods and gifts to clicking new delicacies etc.
Women arrange for an adoption for many different reasons.
Women arrive at a dance hall one at a time.
Women arrive on foot, on motorcycle or on the baht bus with their friends and boyfriends.
Women artists news book review.
Women artists news.
Women artists on disc.
Women artists only depicting dogs and cats in all media and styles.
Women ask as well as men.
Women ask for a change in the teaching methods.
Women ask for it.
Women ask husbands.
Women ask questions or end their sentences with questions.
Women ask technology for flexibility, men ask it for speed.
Women ask to be raped.
Women aspire generally to other positions in the newsroom.
Women aspire to positions on-camera three times as often as to jobs in management.
Women assess the situation more realistically.
Women assist in farmwork, performing such tasks as weeding and harvesting.
Women assist the men in managing the natural resources.
Women associate curvaceousness with incompetence.
Women assume an active role in caring for the ill.
Women assume increased family responsibilities when men are at war.
Women assume new digital personas to trap their philandering husbands in online affairs.
Women assume roles.
Women assume that men know about animals.
Women assume that they are at fault.
Women athletes and performers often face strong pressures to lose weight.
Women Athletes Many articles and links on women athletes.
Women athletes of today have it so good because of all the hard work that was done in years past.
Women athletes on steroids can find their voices deepening and grow facial hair.
Women athletes out drink women non-athletes four drinks a week to three.
Women attacking women is a form of gender-based road rage.
Women attacking women is a way to maintain the status quo.
Women attempt suicide more, suffer more clinical depression are less likely to WANT to go on living.
Women attend college with fewer men.
Women attend events.
Women attend joyous events.
Women attend university.
Women attending all-female schools are twice as likely to pursue a doctoral degree.
Women attending the camp can choose to room in a dorm or camp under the stars.
Women attract and magnetize men.
Women attract men with youth and beauty and seek best provider.
Women attribute their most serious drawback to be their gender, followed by marital status.
Women Avoid fads and high fashion.
Women avoid toxins.
Women avoid verbal confrontation more than men.
Women bake, lap dance, look pretty on game shows, heal, and mediate.
Women balancing career and home responsibilities have less free time.
Women base their decisions on their individual and family medical histories.
Women battered by men account for about one-fifth of all emergency room admissions.
Women bear a special burden of responsibility in an election.
Women bear all responsibility for contraceptive use.
Women bear all the shame for the birth of girls or an inability to conceive.
Women bear and rear children.
Women bear children before they reach the age of twenty and settle down as housewives.
Women bear children.
Women bear much of the weight of world production in both traditional and modern industries.
Women bear penalties for choosing to bear children .
Women bear the brunt of it, but no man or child escapes.
Women bear the brunt of that folly.
Women bear the brunt of the abuse.
Women bear the brunt of the violence of globalization.
Women bear the children and still disproportionately assume the role of primary child caretaker.
Women bear the greatest burden of human deprivation in South Asia.
Women become a volcano.
Women become active in food and other vital supply distribution processes.
Women become astronauts in the same way that men do.
Women become both the all-powerful possessors of aura and the utterly powerless slaves to aura.
Women become dependent.
Women become eligible to vote.
Women become entrepreneurs at a younger age than men and have less experience in business.
Women become extremely agitated during the kidnapping.
Women become foster parents.
Women become ill more frequently especially when pregnant or near menstruation.
Women become increasingly visible in China's top academic, political, economic and social circles.
Women become irritable during menstrual periods.
Women become lesbians because they have had bad expriences with men.
Women become lesbians because they've had bad experiences with men.
Women become mail-order brides because of their economic situation at home.
Women become more able to go out and show their creativity.
Women become more attracted to commitment and gifts.
Women become more attractive targets for abuse by being in an increased position of vulnerability.
Women become more body and image conscious as they start to wear makeup and bobbed hair styles.
Women become more intoxicated than men on the same amount of alcohol.
Women become more intoxicated than men when drinking identical amounts of alcohol.
Women become more powerful as they age.
Women become more purposeful and success oriented.
Women become mothers at the moment of conception.
Women become mothers, husbands become fathers, daughters become sisters and sons become brothers.
Women become mothers.
Women become much more susceptible to heart attacks after they go through the menopause.
Women become parents.
Women become particularly susceptible to falling and to disabling hip fractures.
Women become singers and men become musicians.
Women become the focus for specialist medicines.
Women become the poorest of the poor for a variety of reasons.
Women become the property of the man as a symbol of accomplishment and manliness.
Women become the supreme objects of male desire and control.
Women become vulnerable to over-compromise because they are already primed to care for others.
Women become wives.
Women begin a noviate program based on where their particular order sends candidates.
Women begin competing individually and on teams.
Women begin stroking the fire in an open-air kitchen.
Women begin to advance in work place and prove they can perform any job that any male can do.
Women begin to be accused of witchcraft and sexual crimes.
Women begin to catch up to men in their risk of having a heart attack.
Women begin to fight for changes in laws regarding property, marriage.
Women begin to have heart attacks about ten years later than men.
Women begin to make decisions formally left to males.
Women begin to produce less estrogen before menopause.
Women begin to take on their masculine side and men their feminine.
Women begin to vote for presidential candidates based on their romantic fantasies.
Women begin to wear knickerbockers instead of skirts for bicycle riding.
Women begin to work in factories as welders, shipfitters, munitions workers, etc.
Women begin transitions.
Women begin working and stay working until they gradually start exiting for retirement.
Women begin, in the Victorian period, to reach out.
Women behave differently from men.
Women being battered are less able to care for their children.
Women being pitted against each other seems to be one of society's favorite topics.
Women being very close to the issue, they are closer to seeing necessary response.
Women believe employers have a long way to go when it comes to fairness.
Women believe in reality.
Women believe in working together to solve problems in the workplace.
Women believe it and take it to heart.
Women believe that as long as they are talking, people are listening.
Women believe the word of other women.
Women believe they can achieve now, and they go for it.
Women believe want and can have are entirely two different issues.
Women belong at the center of decision-making for their health care.
Women belong in racing just as much as men.
Women belong in the kitchen.
Women benefit as well.
Women benefit from accurate information .
Women benefit from cardiac rehab as much as men.
Women benefit from diets.
Women benefit from experience.
Women benefit from knowledge.
Women benefit from the chiropractic touch.
Women benefit from use.
Women benefit greatly from personal connections.
Women benefit most and also find it easier to use smaller, lightweight guns.
Women benefit significantly from weight-bearing exercise, especially after menopause.
Women better connect with people, but they also get more emotional.
Women beware women.
Women biologically have a different basis for their sex drive.
Women bitch a lot in their third trimesters.
Women blame to none beer indeed shipping dallas cowboys watch.
Women bleach mainly because of social perceptions that lighter skins are more attractive.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men do.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Women blink twice as many times as men do.
Women blink twice as much as men.
Women blow conch shells, ring bells, and take up wailing.
Women boil metal, pour it steaming into molds.
Women born in Aries sign have the ability to take quick actions and decisions.
Women bow to men.
Women brag about their successes more than men.
Women break down alcohol at a slower rate than men.
Women break out right before their periods because their estrogen levels rise.
Women breakout in the cervix or vulva, the perineal skin and sometimes on the legs and buttocks.
Women breastfeed infants.
Women breastfeeding their babies receive carrots and tuna.
Women bring a different perspective to the design process.
Women bring a different view that can enlighten the men.
Women bring a fresh perspective to a team of experts creating our built environment.
Women bring a fresh perspective to public office.
Women bring a gift for women - men bring a gift for men.
Women Bring bobby pins to secure cap.
Women bring candles.
Women bring different experiences, different joys and certainly different ideas to the table.
Women bring different life experiences and perspectives to public policy.
Women bring each other and themself to orgasm while playing adult games.
Women bring elaborate offerings of food.
Women bring joy and laughter to the world.
Women bring much more emotional feelings to sex than men.
Women bring nice pillows and bubble bath.
Women bring out their most radiant sarees, salwar-kurtas and jewels.
Women bring their own lunch and containers to take the food home in.
Women bring things to the ministry that men never bring.
Women bring unique perspectives and skills to government which can positively impact all citizens.
Women browse when they shop.
Women browse, chat, receive tips and get a chance to have their opinion on message board.
Women brush their hair and put on lipstick.
Women brush their hair before bed.
Women build careers.
Women build new houses when they arrive at their destination.
Women build towers of glass and stone.
Women bustle about in their hoop skirts and other clothing of the period.
Women buy a pair of shoes like they buy a piece of jewelry.
Women buy cards more frequently than men.
Women buy children their milk and men buy children their beer.
Women buy far more shoes and dresses than they can ever wear.
Women buy high heels with steel toes.
Women buy houses.
Women buy more books than men.
Women buy nice things like greeting cards and music.
Women buy perfume to attract men.
Women buy spices and come to the tomb after the sabbath to anoint the corpse.
Women buy the myth that if they turn success over, the other face is failure.
Women buy woman's gift and men bring for a man.
Women cackle gleefully of family and values.
Women call for a more caring society.
Women call from all corners and settings in Texas.
Women call in for menu ideas.
Women call the abortion clinic thinking about an abortion.
Women call three times more often than men.
Women call three tiny bites of grilled fish to be a full meal.
Women call to ask if they're pregnant.
Women campaign for better lives.
Women campaign for the right to vote.
Women can access the service by phoning, visiting or via the Internet.
Women can access tips for building an e-business online and learning online technology solutions.
Women can accessorize a conservative suit with a classy scarf or a nice pin.
Women can achieve their rights if they are given the opportunity to do so.
Women can alleviate many symptoms by changing their diet.
Women can also be candidates for political office in their communities.
Women can also be the dominant figure in advertisements.
Women can also benefit from affairs in the currency of quality genes.
Women can also bring particular skills and attitudes to the work -place.
Women can also call hot lines.
Women can also chat about sport.
Women can also choose different fabrics between the separates as well.
Women can also choose from several temporary forms, such as implants, IUDs, or injections.
Women can also choose to eliminate caffeine from the diet, says Kling.
Women can also compete for places on the varsity rifle team.
Women can also develop permanent conditions such as facial hair and a deepening voice.
Women can also experience swelling and pain in the vagina.
Women can also get an abortion at a clinic which specializes in doing abortions.
Women can also have something to say about sports.
Women can also inherit the gene for baldness.
Women can also minister and lead.
Women can also obtain valuable information about menstrual pain.
Women can also opt to have patterns modified for nursing or maternity use.
Women can also pass toxins to their infants through breast milk.
Women can also pass trichamonas, which causes a smelly discharge.
Women can also perform the mizuko kuyo at home, in front of their ancestral shrines.
Women can also protect themselves by using a female condom.
Women can also receive tests such as pap smears, cultures and blood tests.
Women can also reduce their chances of getting breast cancer by changing eating habits.
Women can also search specifically for other women whose profiles match their criteria.
Women can also sexually abuse males.
Women can also suffer from hair loss.
Women can also suffer male pattern baldness, but at a much lower rate than men do.
Women can also switch partners whenever they choose.
Women can also take a dietary supplement.
Women can also take medicine to suppress the immune system and to help with joint pain.
Women can also teach in ways other than public speaking.
Women can also use foundation which provides additional protection from the elements.
Women can also use pelvic weights prescribed by their doctor.
Women can also wear a diamond in a pendent around their neck or wear as ear-studs.
Women can also wear a nice dress.
Women can also wear some tailored dresses to interviews.
Women can always find a place to put something new.
Women can and do a lot of things to protect themselves.
Women can and do ask men out, and many even offer to pay.
Women can and do have bleeding disorders.
Women can and do lead the service.
Women can and do make good decisions about when and whether to bring new life into the world.
Women can and do misuse claims of sexual harassment.
Women can and do rape men.
Women can and do resist assault attempts successfully.
Women can apply for compensation if an assault has occurred.
Women can apply makeup, put on earrings, spritz perfume and fix their hair in their seat.
Women can apply sunscreen under makeup.
Women can ask advice or simply vent their frustrations while in a group situation.
Women can ask men to dance.
Women can ask questions and men can answer questions.
Women can ask the waiter for shawls.
Women can ask to be seen by a woman officer.
Women can assume leadership roles, especially if they remain true to the values of their supporters.
Women can attend.
Women can avoid trouble by behaving properly.
Women can bake.
Women can be a powerful force in the struggle to replace white supremacy with justice.
Women can be a trip and two-faced.
Women can be abusers and men victims almost as often as the reverse.
Women can be afraid and start a self-help group.
Women can be aggressors as well as victims.
Women can be amazing before, during and after motherhood.
Women can be and are batterers.
Women can be as sexual aggressive as men.
Women can be assertive and insistent, but remain under pressure to be equally cordial.
Women can be assertive, loud, or the boss.
Women can be better partner and better housewife at the same time.
Women can be bitches, but men can be too.
Women can be catty, mean, spiteful creatures.
Women can be creeps, too.
Women can be creepy too.
Women can be deacons and can be ordained.
Women can be easily hurt, so be mindful of it.
Women can be effective problem-solvers.
Women can be especially vulnerable because they often differ from men who gamble in several ways.
Women can be fearful of men and of people they think are men.
Women can be funny.
Women can be glorious after their youthful jigglyness.
Women can be harassers too.
Women can be here many years, and leave without a way to support themselves and their children.
Women can be in control of themselves.
Women can be in the thick of it all, setting the courses and determining the outcomes.
Women can be independent and strong, all while being as sexy as hell.
Women can be infertile if their otherwise healthy eggs are relatively inactive.
Women can be intelligent, respected and sexual at the same time.
Women can be just as effective and determined and fierce in training and competition.
Women can be just as good as men at judging beer, perhaps even better.
Women can be just as scummy and conniving as men.
Women can be just as selfish and irresponsible as their men.
Women can be less satisfied with reduced visits.
Women can be like that.
Women can be men.
Women can be more brilliant than men in many things.
Women can be more intimate in their relationship with one of their own sex.
Women can be multi- orgasmic and have a much broader range of sexual stimulation than men.
Women can be multi-orgasmic and have a much broader range of sexual stimulation than men.
Women can be mysterious, maddening, and mesmerizing.
Women can be or do anything they choose.
Women can be preachers and teachers and hold church offices, just like men.
Women can be regular believers, church workers or even form part of the church leadership.
Women can be so attractive when they're angry.
Women can be so conventional about things.
Women can be sooooo sentimental.
Women can be strong.
Women can be successful by working, learning and achieving.
Women can be susceptible to cystitis and thrush.
Women can be teachers, workers, prayers, and ministers.
Women can be the victims of such abuse of power.
Women can be too nice to each other.
Women can be true masters of the martial arts as well.
Women can be very aroused intellectually and find a man irresistible based on that.
Women can be very creative and generous in relationships.
Women can be very tough.
Women can be veterans too.
Women can be well into their first trimester before they even know that they're pregnant.
Women can become allergic to products they have used for many years.
Women can become hardened and men can lose their edge.
Women can become more involved in non-traditional roles, chambers and business organizations.
Women can become pregnant again soon after giving birth even if they are breastfeeding.
Women can begin to lose bone density as early as their thirties.
Women can benefit from cardiac rehabilitation as much as men.
Women can benefit from instructions on how to make up missed pills.
Women can benefit from road works as well.
Women can benefit from viagra too .
Women can benefit in crises, which are a time of flux, through role changes and empowerment.
Women can benefit regardless of their risk for the disease.
Women can breast feed while being treated with warfarin therapy.
Women can bring the solidarity of men in question.
Women can bring their men here without any worries and men can bring their women.
Women can build a model in their own shape.
Women can buy and carry condoms.
Women can buy arch pads that stick to their dressy shoes just under the arch of their feet.
Women can buy clubs one at a time or in sets.
Women can buy the jacket with the bra, tank, legging, pant and shirt.
Women can buy the Persona contraception monitor, pregnancy test kits, spermicides and lubricants.
Women can call someone and talk about their issues, obtain information and referrals.
Women can call the advice nurse with health concerns.
Women can call the booty just as well as the men.
Women can call the number to determine eligibility.
Women can call themselves cybergrrls or cyberfeminists.
Women can carry the bacteria for months or even years without knowing it.
Women can certainly be psychopaths.
Women can certainly create and consume words.
Women can change positions more easily than with anesthetics.
Women can change the earth.
Women can change the laws.
Women can change their lives.
Women can change their mind - any time.
Women can change their sky.
Women can Change Unequitable Distribution in NY divorce procedures.
Women can change, and create.
Women can chat online, share ideas, and ask for help in a non-intimidating environment.
Women can check their own breasts each month for signs of changes, for instance.
Women can choose abortion.
Women can choose amongst different brands, different fabrics, and different styles.
Women can choose between three accepted forms of treatment.
Women can choose day or selected evening and weekend appointment times.
Women can choose freely in a non-judgmental atmosphere.
Women can choose from four sessions.
Women can choose from myriad skin care products.
Women can choose from slacks to dresses.
Women can choose from two types of pumps.
Women can choose to have abortions before viability for any reason.
Women can choose to have their eggs frozen until they decide to have children.
Women can choose whatever job they want.
Women can choose which one they want to participate in.
Women can claim and revise existing stereotypes by transforming a negative into a positive.
Women can collect fat in the lower abdominal region.
Women can come as they are.
Women can come in on their lunch break, and after a few sessions, they'll look a lot better.
Women can come to as many workshops as they like.
Women can come together in coalitionover child care or tenure.
Women can comfortably wear talit and kippah in congregations in the countryside.
Women can communicate gossip and rumors quicker than the fastest modem.
Women can compare and contrast bras using herfogdog's comparison chart.
Women can compete easily with the boys.
Women can compete in foil and epee.
Women can compete in volleyball, basketball, track, and cross country.
Women can conceive on only a few days each menstrual cycle.
Women can conduct an at-home pregnancy test by testing a sample of urine.
Women can connect with each other during work, or never have to leave their home in the evenings.
Women can consider cultivating loyalty toward the feminine.
Women can contact it by phone and over the Internet with their health care questions.
Women can contact the scheme in their local area prior to going to court.
Women can contribute good qualities just as well as men can.
Women can contribute through donations of money, goods or their time.
Women can control their lives if they have economic control.
Women can cook.
Women can cooperate with the government just like men.
Women can cooperate with the government.
Women can cover bruising with makeup and have less of a concern with the discoloration.
Women can cover everything, like pearls orbed and alive.
Women can create life without men.
Women can cry, they can wear cute clothes, and they're the first to be rescued off sinking ships.
Women can cut their risk of breast cancer in half by keeping their weight stable during adulthood.
Women can dance.
Women can decide to have no prenatal testing.
Women can defend less against violence because they are less strong.
Women can develop a similar type of baldness as they age.
Women can develop chronic pain when the infection spreads into the reproductive organs.
Women can disclose more to strangers or new acquaintances than men can and still be liked.
Women can discuss just about anything with each other, even things involving feminine hygiene.
Women can discuss their ethical concerns and explore treatment options with their physicians.
Women can distinguish colors better, have sharper hearing, have a better sense of smell.
Women can distract men from prayer, rabbis say.
Women can do a great deal within their homes even under purdah.
Women can do a lot of things.
Women can do all sorts of things now.
Women can do all the things they say men do.
Women can do anything that they put their mind to do.
Women can do anything they want.
Women can do anything.
Women can do everything men can do.
Women can do great things.
Women can do hard news.
Women can do just about anything in veterinary medicine.
Women can do just about every job a man can.
Women can do just as well as men in math.
Women can do just as well as men in science.
Women can do many things men can, and sometimes even better.
Women can do most any job and do it well.
Women can do most anything that men can do.
Women can do that.
Women can do the same things as men.
Women can do well, but it's a happenstance rather than by design.
Women can do what ever they want.
Women can do whatever they set their mind to.
Women can dramatically decrease their risk of developing breast cancer dietarily.
Women can draw strength from each other.
Women can drink up to a healthy quota of one to two drinks a day.
Women can drive and move about unaccompanied.
Women can drive any airplane in the fleet with a few small exceptions.
Women can earn an identical coat in black.
Women can easily avoid situations that can lead to rape.
Women can end up with the responsibilities of marriage but without the legal protections.
Women can enjoy casual sex, too.
Women can enjoy knowing someone else is there.
Women can enjoy sex while they have their periods.
Women can enjoy sexual relations while the pessary is in place.
Women can enjoy shooting while pregnant, provided they take normal precautions.
Women can enjoy the benefits of weight training while skipping the bulk.
Women can enter into marriage freely.
Women can enter the program at any time during the sessions.
Women can even play electric guitar.
Women can even take a shower during active contractions.
Women can even wear a pantsuit as long as it is dressy and looks professional.
Women can excel at all careers in the industry.
Women can expect about four years more than men.
Women can expect substantially more impairment than can men at equivalent doses.
Women can expect to enjoy a more multi-cultural society than in the rest of West Africa.
Women can expedite the receipt of advance payments by waiving their opt out rights.
Women can experience bleeding during early pregnancy, which they believe is a period.
Women can experience heartburn all through the pregnancy.
Women can experience longer deeper and faster, more powerful orgasms.
Women can experience longer, deeper and faster, more powerful orgasms.
Women can experience menstrual cycle alterations and men can experience feminization.
Women can experience orgasm again and again within a very short period.
Women can experience over exaggerated gag reflexes, neck pains and endless nausea.
Women can experience pain during intercourse and men experience swelling or pain in the testicles.
Women can experience problems in their marital relationship or with friends.
Women can experience real grief from a miscarriage.
Women can experience severe pain during urination.
Women can experience very painful contractions.
Women can explore various forms of religious life.
Women can express their individuality while looking totally professional.
Women can extract for as little or as long as they want.
Women can face sexual harassment and pregnancy can be used as an excuse to dismiss workers.
Women can feel comfortable there alone.
Women can feel free to join in the discussion.
Women can feel perfect.
Women can feel self love, even after losing themselves to food and an unrealistic image.
Women can feel threatened on the streets by the gaze of a man.
Women can fight back, however.
Women can fight.
Women can find dresses, though they tend to be of poor quality and high price.
Women can find information for everything from beauty tips to business advice.
Women can find support here.
Women can find that after a day of intimacy with their babies they just want to be alone.
Women can fly as easily as men, children as easily as adults.
Women can generally race in men's races if the so chose.
Women can get a urinary infection any time.
Women can get into more of a bind because of a lack of consistent years working a full-time job.
Women can get it from handling raw meat or unwashed vegetables.
Women can get just as mad as men.
Women can get out of speeding tickets by pouting.
Women can get pregnant a few days before to a few days after ovulation.
Women can get pregnant after an apparent menopause if the body kick-starts a few remaining eggs.
Women can get pregnant without penetration of the penis.
Women can get 'tubal' surgeries.
Women can give birth with their pants on.
Women can give the name of an understanding co-worker as a work reference.
Women can give the virus to their children during pregnancy, at birth or by breastfeeding.
Women can go farther in new-economy settings.
Women can go home the same day, with no more symptoms.
Women can go there, socialize, enjoy a cigar and relax.
Women can grow facial hair and develop other masculine characteristics.
Women can grow facial hair, shrink their breasts, and become more masculine.
Women can grow into their age, and be proud of it.
Women can handle it.
Women can handle pressure just as well as men can when making a decision.
Women can have a chance to be princesses again, if only in their imagination.
Women can have a particularly powerful role in influencing sustainable consumption decisions.
Women can have a wonderful experience here and use a free membership .
Women can have abortions if they want to.
Women can have an abortion at any healthcare centre offering the service.
Women can have babies.
Women can have careers, be mothers or volunteer.
Women can have chest discomfort just like men do.
Women can have children.
Women can have chocolate as slow as they want.
Women can have dreams, and be committed to their families.
Women can have endless, multiple, orgasms.
Women can have fibroids and never even know it.
Women can have garage sales.
Women can have gestational diabetes without knowing it.
Women can have horrible burning and itching in the vagina , an odor, and pain on intercourse.
Women can have hot flashes or insomnia ten years before they have their last menstrual period.
Women can have it all both the breaks and the breakdowns and it starts in childhood.
Women can have it all, as long as they make the rules.
Women can have long periods without symptoms following pregnancy and breast-feeding.
Women can have men.
Women can have only one baby each nine months, plus recovery time.
Women can have painful menstrual periods, painful intercourse and bleeding after intercourse.
Women can have penises and men can have vaginas, or the equivalent.
Women can have problems balancing hormones from natural monthly cycles or aging.
Women can have problems if hormones are thrown off balance.
Women can have sex with whom they choose.
Women can have sores outside or inside the vagina.
Women can have special risk factors for drug abuse.
Women can have their breast reconstructed and feel and look better in public and private.
Women can have two peaks.
Women can hear better than men.
Women can help if they are accompanied by a male volunteer.
Women can hit back, violently.
Women can hobble themselves a bit, too.
Women can hold and transfer property.
Women can hold hands and hug in public, live together, even sleep together in the same bed.
Women can however benefit from the use of estrogen antagonists.
Women can identify the muscle by using the muscle to shut off the urine flow midstream.
Women can identify the odor of a stressed man.
Women can impact Jewish political power.
Women can improve strength dramatically, but without the major increase in muscle mass seen in men.
Women can improve their muscle strength through weight training.
Women can improve their standard of living by access to information.
Women can incorporate exercise into their daily routine, taking the stairs, doing housework.
Women can increase their professionalism by dressing as a professional.
Women can increasingly get away with wearing pants.
Women can infect their infants during delivery.
Women can infect their newborn babies.
Women can inherit a predisposition toward baldness from either parent.
Women can insert it hours before sex.
Women can insert the ring by themselves and remove periodically for cleaning.
Women can jog in public.
Women can join at any time.
Women can join the group at any time during their pregnancies.
Women can join the program at any time.
Women can join the sessions at any point in the series.
Women can just give it their best shot.
Women can launch successful home-based businesses and still be successful moms . . .
Women can lead a normal life.
Women can learn about how to start a business, from writing the business plan to getting financing.
Women can learn more about their own genetic risks for breast cancer by studying their relatives.
Women can learn the magic of carving without feeling like it's a work-out.
Women can learn to cope with it, especially with the proper encouragement and support.
Women can learn to defend themselves for real.
Women can learn to separate themselves from the pain, numbing the abdomen to ease the discomfort.
Women can leave poverty by marrying or living with employed person.
Women can lift barbells.
Women can look after themselves politically.
Women can look forward to less fear and more life as usual.
Women can look like anything they damned well please.
Women can lose babies early or late in their pregnancy.
Women can lose their menstrual periods, which can lead to bone loss and fertility problems.
Women can make a difference in our world by taking action.
Women can make a difference.
Women can make choices by themselves.
Women can make clothing in their own size and in the style of their culture.
Women can make educated decisions about their personal feeding choices and reach their goals.
Women can make good choices Select method for client.
Women can make good choices, and effective speeches.
Women can make good points about war and care for the environment.
Women can make it on their own.
Women can make the difference in eliminating breast cancer.
Women can make the types of changes needed in dealerships.
Women can make their own mistakes.
Women can make their shirts privately or together in the group.
Women can make water catch on fire.
Women can manage a household while nursing a baby, a ruptured disk or a broken heart.
Women can more easily sing at pitch-center than can men.
Women can multiple-task.
Women can never be equal.
Women can never have too much to chose from in a jewellery collection.
Women can no longer care for their children.
Women can now be full members and that's bolstered numbers.
Women can now earn their own living.
Women can now enter almost any profession.
Women can now more easily obtain and exchange information.
Women can now no longer work outside of the home.
Women can now receive the latest medical treatments in a comfortable, visually attractive location.
Women can now select their own paths in society, including when and whether to have children.
Women can now take new career paths and find extended employment in many fields.
Women can now vote throughout Latin America.
Women can now wear a coordinating sport bra under their jerseys and ventilate just like the guys.
Women can obtain abortions in every province except Prince Edward Island.
Women can of course win gains at the moment.
Women can often gain a high return for a small amount of work by taking off their clothes.
Women can often see the subtler implications of things more readily than men can.
Women can often shed asymptomatically.
Women can only leave their homes if they are accompanied by a close male relative.
Women can only lose so much weight until they become mere skeletal figures.
Women can only reach orgasm through vaginal penetration by the man's penis during intercourse.
Women can only stay at the shelter for six weeks.
Women can opt for a dorm room or for a seven-person apartment with a kitchen and living area.
Women can organise and fight back at work.
Women can ovulate at any time, even during their period.
Women can participate at any time during or after treatment for support, information and sharing.
Women can participate in Choose To Move in one of two ways - via the print or online version.
Women can participate in Choose To Move in one of two ways-via the print or online version.
Women can participate in the program in one of two ways - via the online or print version.
Women can particularly benefit after pregnancy or to assist in guarding against osteoporosis.
Women can pass on the gene but are unaffected by it, as with hundreds of other genetic disorders.
Women can pass the disease to other women and men.
Women can perform just as well as any man.
Women can perpetuate the con all day long, with none the wiser.
Women can play a very important role and they can have a very strong impact on society.
Women can play as well as men.
Women can play basketball and still remain feminine.
Women can play crucial role in maintaining peace.
Women can play crucial role in protecting the environment.
Women can play football.
Women can play sports, too.
Women can play with pain.
Women can play, but only as spouses or guests.
Women can pop out infants as soon as they've weaned previous ones.
Women can prevent breast cancer by following a low-fat diet.
Women can prevent or reduce the risk of many medical problems by taking care of themselves.
Women can produce and nurture.
Women can promote a healthy environment by patronizing businesses that have smokefree policies.
Women can protect themselves and their friends in a number of ways.
Women can protect themselves and their loved ones against rape, abuse and any kind of violence.
Women can protect themselves by knowing the early symptoms to look for.
Women can protect themselves.
Women can provide a different kind of support.
Women can provide support for each other.
Women can purchase harnesses which are cut proportionally for a woman's body.
Women can put off osteoporosis.
Women can put on an afternoon dress, a simple long dress, or long skirt and top.
Women can put on musical programs.
Women can quit smoking easier than men can.
Women can raise children.
Women can rape women and men can rape men.
Women can rape, and men can be victims, but most often males are perpetrators and women are victims.
Women can read a variety of topics or search to find their own health concern.
Women can read men's roles, etc.
Women can really come together.
Women can recall lists of words or paragraphs of text better than men.
Women can receive female exams and a wide variety of health options at a nominal cost.
Women can receive free mammograms and learn how to perform breast self-examinations.
Women can receive harassment from some local men.
Women can receive thalidomide only after a negative pregnancy test.
Women can recieve complimentary stretch marks and leaky breasts, men get diaper duty.
Women can reduce the risk of attack or abduction.
Women can reduce their risk by developing greater muscle control and better balance.
Women can relax and talk with people who have similar concerns.
Women can release milk if their hormone levels are a little out of whack.
Women can repair heavy equipment engines and men do make good child care workers.
Women can safely get pregnant within a few months of going off the drug.
Women can save lives just as well as men can.
Women can say that now without it meaning they hate men.
Women can scan basic facts, symptoms, risk factors, treatment options and other information.
Women can search the site s database and see if there are any matches that meet their criteria.
Women can see breasts any time they want.
Women can see sex as a form of recreation, procreation and violence and perceive it in that manor.
Women can select the type of information and level of detail that they feel most comfortable with.
Women can sense an insincere compliment a mile away.
Women can serve in our newest, high-tech ships.
Women can serve on surface ships and fly jet fighters.
Women can sexually use vulnerable men so unfeelingly that the memory is a permanent ache.
Women can share their experiences and strategies in various ways.
Women can share their stories here on-line if they choose.
Women can simply walk-in.
Women can sit and write the poetry and men can put it on the computer.
Women can skip the part on trousers and sizes.
Women can slow the progression of osteoarthritis.
Women can smell an agenda.
Women can smell fear on a guy like dogs do.
Women can speak from the heart about how the absence of a nurturing hand has shaped their identity.
Women can spread it from their lip area to their eyes when applying or removing make-up.
Women can stand on their own and make their own educational and job choices.
Women can stand up and let men have it with our Women Strike Back cards.
Women can start small businesses, do consulting, write freelance out of home.
Women can stay at the center for up to two years.
Women can stay in a separate area.
Women can stay in the shelter for up to one year.
Women can stay up to fourteen days while a longer-term transitional housing arrangement is sought.
Women can stop their period naturally because of pregnancy.
Women can subconsciously detect pheromones at a rate about a thousand times better than men.
Women can substantially reduce the risk of breast cancer by consuming soyabean products.
Women can succeed at negotiations by figuring out the hidden agendas and masked assumptions.
Women can suffer from hair loss as well as men.
Women can suffer hormonal acne right into menopause.
Women can suffer serious complications as well.
Women can t .
Women can t count on help from a saleswoman.
Women can t even fight in the war.
Women can t handle the pressure of the game industry.
Women can t just change their tie or their shirts, they have to change the entire outfit.
Women can t perform like men do on the field.
Women can t swear in the city council.
Women can take advantage of several places to learn about paddling.
Women can take an active part in the early detection of breast cancer.
Women can take calcium carbonate or go for calcium supplements.
Women can take care of their own.
Women can take care of themselves as athletes without feeling guilty.
Women can take drugs today to help stave off breast cancer and osteoporosis.
Women can take estrogen and progestogen hormones which are already present in contraceptive pills.
Women can take steps on their own to avoid infection.
Women can take steps to preserve their health, though.
Women can talk about it and are more honest about it.
Women can talk about sex in groups and bring issues into the open.
Women can talk about the particulars of sex with a straight face.
Women can talk circles around men, and often that makes men feel insecure.
Women can talk in the mosque.
Women can talk longer with less effort than can men.
Women can talk to a caring, understanding professional to find the latest information.
Women can teach in a large number of settings.
Women can teach men to pay attention to details rather than publishing mountains of papers.
Women can teach within the context of church meetings.
Women can tell if a man or woman wrote the ad.
Women can tell it goodbye forever.
Women can then access their risk.
Women can then apply makeup immediately.
Women can then assess their risk.
Women can then make better, more informed moral choices about the abortion issue.
Women can treat vaginal thrush with medicines from their pharmacy.
Women can trust their own interpretations of what is happening rather than calling on others.
Women can typically resume their normal activity in just a few days.
Women can undergo a variety of endocrinological tests suggested by their gynecologists.
Women can understand sex discrimination because they know and experience it.
Women can understand that pretty well.
Women can urinate while standing if they really want to.
Women can use a mirror to examine their vulvas.
Women can use a modified position with hands and knees touching the floor.
Women can use anything vibrating.
Women can use body fat as fuel.
Women can use calendar calculations to identify the fertile time.
Women can use human rights legislation to improve their status in society.
Women can use it safely in small doses.
Women can use it to firm up the muscles of the vagina after having a child.
Women can use minoxidil.
Women can use pills, diaphragms or other methods for contraception.
Women can use their own surnames.
Women can vent their aggression for half price.
Women can vote and stand for office.
Women can vote collectively.
Women can vote, can own property, can fly fighters and serve on ships.
Women can vote.
Women can walk after dark.
Women can walk in or make an appointment for a mammogram, and shop while they wait.
Women can wear a blouse and skirt or slacks, or dress, and dark shoes.
Women can wear a blouse and skirt, blouse and slacks, or dress and dark shoes.
Women can wear a non-cotton underlayer beneath a bra.
Women can wear a short dress or even a business suit if they like.
Women can wear a single drop pearl in each year and enhance their charm and good fortune.
Women can wear absolutely anything from a man's wardrobe without raising eyebrows.
Women can wear abundant jewelry.
Women can wear casual pants or skirts.
Women can wear lighter colors and cooler materials.
Women can wear pants or unitards in competition.
Women can wear pantsuits or tailored pants with a sweater set.
Women can wear similar attire or else cool dresses.
Women can wear support or compression stockings to help push blood toward the heart.
Women can wear tampons while exercising.
Women can wear the patch on their arm and replace it twice a week.
Women can wear their rose heart on the outside of their clothing and men under their clothing.
Women can wear trends better than men.
Women can wear what they want, just like guys can.
Women can work a lot more for understanding, unity and loving kindness amongst the ethnic people.
Women can work across all departments from murder investigation to firearms.
Women can work as a transforming agent for an organization.
Women can work in their own houses by taking up tailoring, embroidery, pottery, basket-making, etc.
Women can work part-time or on a flexible basis.
Women can work there.
Women can work with cylindrical objects that provide solid resistance.
Women can wrap a loongi and douse at a village tap or stream.
Women can write it off as sexism.
Women can, and do, kick serious silvicultural ass.
Women can, and do, play equally well.
Women can, however, develop a shapely and well-proportioned physique by lifting weights.
Women can, however, have allergies to spermacide, which can produce redness and irritation.
Women can, of course, have just as unrealistic expectations of men.
Women can, when put to the test, face danger as well as men, and sometimes better.
Women can, within the law, do anything they please.
Women care about issues in the marketplace.
Women care about the children they bring into the world.
Women care for families, impart wisdom and produce most of the world's food.
Women care for husbands.
Women care for people and for the buildings and accoutrements in the building.
Women care for the children.
Women care for the household gardens, growing okra, onions, tomatoes, and red peppers.
Women care less about financial rewards when choosing a career.
Women care more about poverty than men.
Women care who's there.
Women caring for children face unique logistical barriers to accessing services.
Women carry babies.
Women carry baggage.
Women carry children.
Women carry fat differently than men, and it means different things for health.
Women carry fetuses.
Women carry lower levels of tuition debt.
Women carry most of the responsibility of reproduction and family maintenance.
Women carry most of their weight in the hips, thighs, buttocks, and breasts for childbearing.
Women carry multiple fetuses.
Women carry out most of the small-scale farming.
Women carry out the bulk of domestic and agricultural work.
Women carry pregnancy.
Women carry primary responsibility for household and family maintenance.
Women carry such a heavy load in our families.
Women carry the burden of the disintegration of economies and social structures.
Women carry the children in their bodies.
Women carry the gene.
Women carry their babies close to their brilliant colored shirts.
Women carry two X chromosomes.
Women carrying an unintended pregnancy are less likely to seek early prenatal care.
Women carrying twins often have one baby in the breech position.
Women carrying twins statistically go into labor about a month or so early.
Women catch diseases.
Women catch shellfish and go net fishing, but usually only men fish from canoes and boats.
Women Catch Up i.
Women cease to be fascinated by the idea of holding back signs of age on the body.
Women celeb and is enjoyment sexjpg.
Women certainly are smart enough to do well in math.
Women certainly are smart enough to do well in science.
Women certainly are the minority both as offenders and as professionals in the corrections systems.
Women certainly are, by some estimates, at the fastest clip of all.
Women certainly do show up in droves for a late, short hike.
Women certainly have more pressures and are judged based on their appearance more than men are.
Women certainly have the same right to make fools of themselves.
Women certainly have to.
Women certainly know how to express themselves with one.
Women certainly know that one.
Women change from their work clothes into milonga attire at the matinee milongas.
Women change in that decade.
Women change into house gowns of some sort.
Women change jobs more frequently than men and they earn less on average.
Women change jobs more frequently than men, often before benefits become vested.
Women change jobs more frequently than men.
Women change methods.
Women change patterns.
Women change their formal dress all the time.
Women change with the natural cycles of their bodies, as symbolized by the phases of the moon.
Women changing to men undergo hormone treatments to suppress their breasts and to grow beards.
Women chase away men they have no intention of marrying.
Women chase their husbands out of their homes.
Women cheat on their husbands quite a bit as well.
Women cherish foreplay, men cherish sex.
Women choose and pay their providers directly.
Women choose bad men over good men.
Women choose breast reconstruction for different reasons.
Women choose jobs that pay less.
Women choose just the opposite.
Women choose options.
Women choose prostitution.
Women choose their own means of contraception.
Women choose their own.
Women choose their partners.
Women choose to celebrate in all sorts of ways.
Women choose whether to be junior partners of older women or senior partners of younger ones.
Women Choosing a gift becomes a little easier with our selection by dollar range.
Women choosing abortions later in pregnancy are just like women who choose abortion earlier.
Women choosing permanent sterilization can have a tubal ligation.
Women chuckle, or ruefully shake their heads and declare, 'Men are like children.
Women churn butter and cook food.
Women circulate at the level of the rooftops where they can move freely from one terrace to another.
Women circus performers in art.
Women circus performers in literature.
Women civilize the boat, male machismo is reduced.
Women claim most of the headaches, especially during their child-bearing years.
Women claim rape to get even with men.
Women claim to be physical equals of men, except in the sphere of domestic violence.
Women claim to be slim, sexy, and adventurous.
Women claiming good cause reveal highly personal information.
Women clasp their cheeks and roll their eyes in resigned shock.
Women clean closets in pairs.
Women clean the house and take care of the children.
Women clean their houses and courtyards.
Women clean, men get dirty.
Women clearly are at a disadvantage when facing retirement.
Women clearly have spots on each side engaged in listening.
Women click here.
Women Click the image for further information.
Women climbing up the ladder meet a lot of barriers.
Women coddle their rifles and their babies around the same shoulder.
Women collect their food ration directly.
Women come equipped with all the heavy machinery, after all.
Women come first in the classroom, in student organizations, and on the athletic field.
Women come first.
Women come forward in large numbers to train for new jobs and allow men to join up.
Women come from across the country with widely differing backgrounds and interests.
Women come from all over.
Women come from as far as Nigeria and Senegal to work in the red light area.
Women Come From Behind To Take Title.
Women come from families.
Women come from mending nets to take the fish baskets from other fishermen who now disembark.
Women come here for help through counseling, referrals, warmth and community.
Women come here to give their minds and bodies a workout.
Women come in about three times as often as men.
Women come in all colours, so racism is a feminist issue.
Women come in all sizes, all colors and shapes.
Women come in all sizes, colors, and shapes.
Women come in all sizes, in all colors and ages.
Women come in all sizes, in all colors and shapes.
Women come in and they say one of two things.
Women come in here, sit outside and have coffee.
Women come into marriages today and want to protect careers.
Women come into the world spiritually more complete than men.
Women Come learn about the fascinating lives of extraordinarily successful women in technology.
Women come overwhelmingly from the urban middle and upper classes.
Women come second for health, food, literacy, etc.
Women Come to a Death .
Women come to a hospital with a heart attack up to one hour later than a man.
Women come to events hungry to express who they really are.
Women come to have their babies examined, to get medical advice, and to exchange information.
Women come to have their hearts and minds expanded.
Women come to learn about themselves through conversation and research.
Women come to meetings twice a week for several hours at a time.
Women come to meetings with tales of beatings and abuse.
Women come to the right decisions on their own without it being legislated.
Women come to the site to browse, chat, and shop.
Women come to treatment much sicker, with far more physical deterioration.
Women come to understand and consider problems all at once.
Women come to welfare from a very wide variety of circumstances.
Women come together to share thoughts, feelings, and good conversation.
Women come with a report.
Women come with a varying amount of information.
Women come, then their daughters, nieces, friends.
Women comforting women during childbirth and postpartum is a skill as old as birth itself.
Women commit about fifty percent of the violent acts that occur in the workplace.
Women commit half of spousal murders.
Women commit most child abuse and elder abuse.
Women commit most child abuse and most elder abuse.
Women commit relatively few violent crimes and can be handled safely in the community.
Women commit violent crimes for the same reasons that men do.
Women commonly experience a combination of anxiety and depression.
Women commonly face such discrimination in German and Austrian orchestras.
Women commonly feel a pressured to be thin, and dieting has come to be viewed as a normal behavior.
Women commonly serve as combatants in irregular and guerilla forces.
Women commonly serve on city councils and school boards.
Women commonly suffer from depression more often than men.
Women commonly wear tailored shirts or blouses in white, off-white or pastel colors.
Women communicate differently Communication styles can affect and be affected by self-esteem.
Women communicate differently from men, linguists say.
Women communicate differently.
Women communicate to express themselves.
Women compensate brute strength with lighter weight and fine balance.
Women compete against women.
Women compete alongside men and no one laments the fact that women carry their weight lower.
Women compete at the club level in rugby.
Women compete equally with men.
Women compete exclusively in softball, synchronized swimming and rhythmic gymnastics.
Women compete first, followed by the men, in each event.
Women compete for different reasons.
Women compete for the first time in Olympic field events.
Women compete in barrel racing, men compete in the other events.
Women compete in barrel racing.
Women compete in barrels, breakaway roping, and goat tying.
Women compete in basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, volleyball, and track and field.
Women compete in basketball, cross-country, lacrosse, soccer, softball, tennis, and volleyball.
Women compete in basketball, cross-country, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
Women compete in basketball, softball, soccer, golf, and volleyball.
Women compete in basketball, softball, tennis, golf, volleyball and soccer.
Women compete in basketball, track, cross country, tennis, soccer, volleyball and softball.
Women compete in basketball, volleyball, soccer, golf, skiing and tennis.
Women compete in basketball, volleyball, track and field, cross country, softball, golf, and tennis.
Women compete in basketball, volleyball, track tennis, rifle, golf and soccer.
Women compete in four vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor.
Women compete in modern Olympics for the first time.
Women compete in sailing, doing just as well as the men in the top of their field.
Women compete in soccer, basketball, and softball.
Women compete in the vault, floor exercises, balance beam, and uneven parallel bars.
Women compete in the vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor exercise.
Women compete in track and field events for the first time.
Women compete in varsity basketball, field hockey, softball, tennis, soccer, and lacrosse.
Women compete in volleyball, basketball, cross country, soccer, and track.
Women compete in volleyball, basketball, softball, soccer, and track.
Women compete in volleyball, basketball, softball, track, cross-country, soccer, and tennis.
Women compete intercollegiately in volleyball and soccer and men in football.
Women compete intercollegiately in volleyball and soccer, and men in football.
Women compete on a level playing field, just as men do.
Women compete using any method they have for the most desirable males.
Women complain about a comic strip switch.
Women complain about sex more than men.
Women complain about the difficulty of getting mammograms and gynecological exams.
Women complain of an uncomfortable fullness right after eating a normal-size meal.
Women complain of fatigue twice as often as men.
Women complain of feeling faint and dizzy, and easily fatigued.
Women complain of having to endlessly prove themselves.
Women complain of sexist remarks made by peers.
Women complain that men aren t sensitive enough.
Women completely ignore any precautions if they find the male attractive.
Women compliment men.
Women components in librarianship.
Women composers and performers.
Women composers from past to present.
Women composers of electroacoustic music in Canada.
Women composers of music of any genre.
Women Composers Throughout History.
Women comprise a third of our enrollment.
Women comprise about nineteen percent of undergraduate engineering majors.
Women comprise about one half of the student body.
Women comprise about two-thirds of that number.
Women comprise almost half the workforce and increasingly do part-time or temporary work.
Women comprise almost one third of the entries.
Women comprise an increasing share of people being awarded college degrees.
Women comprise an increasingly high proportion of the urban poor.
Women comprise at least half the population.
Women comprise eighty-seven percent of single parents.
Women comprise half of our agents and are key in the leadership of our organization.
Women comprise half of the entire population in any period.
Women comprise increasing proportions of medical school graduates.
Women comprise more than half of the employees, but just over one-third of the top echelon.
Women comprise more than half the population in America.
Women comprise more than half the world's population.
Women comprise of only one-fourth of clerks.
Women comprise one half of the population but only every fifth researcher is a woman.
Women comprise one population that is going to face a special challenge saving for retirement.
Women comprise one-third of the Washington press corps.
Women comprise over one-half the human race.
Women comprise the fastest growing market for outdoor equipment and clothing.
Women comprise the fastest growing population of people going to prison.
Women comprise the fastest growing segment of the prison population.
Women comprise the major portion of the volunteers in the church.
Women comprise the majority of older persons in all but a few countries.
Women comprise the majority of the Mexican music industries major artists.
Women comprise the most important target consumer market in Japan.
Women comprise the vast majority of weavers.
Women conceive and bear children.
Women conceive the future that men tend to flee, they feed the children that men ignore.
Women concentrate at all levels the experience of the working class.
Women congregate around the fancy work to see what each other's been doing.
Women congregate on the family and romance channels.
Women connect Asia.
Women connect by talking and men by doing.
Women connect by talking.
Women consent to donate fetal cells only after they have made the decision to have an abortion.
Women consider a gift's meaning and look for the message behind a particular gift.
Women consider a roomful of brutish leaders to be sheer hell.
Women consider careers.
Women consider change.
Women consider each action one thing.
Women consider flats.
Women consider many different issues when they make the decision to have an abortion.
Women consider marriages.
Women consider pregnancy.
Women consistently feel less safe, both on and off campus and both during the day and at night.
Women consistently feel less safe, both on and off campus, and both during the day and at night.
Women consistently play one out of three roles in prime time television.
Women consistently understand less than men about broker fees and commissions.
Women constantly face difficult choices in their time allocation decisions.
Women constantly have to deal with the sexist attitudes in the business.
Women constantly juggle.
Women constitute a rising share of people being awarded college and postgraduate degrees.
Women constitute a small proportion of elected public office holders in the United States.
Women constitute about two-thirds of the patient total.
Women constitute an important part of our society.
Women constitute an important resource for the improvement of the quality of research.
Women constitute an important segment of the labour force.
Women constitute approximately half of the workforce.
Women constitute approximately ten percent of the general police population.
Women constitute half of the student population.
Women constitute nearly half of all migrants today.
Women constitute nearly half of our population.
Women constitute neither a minority nor a unified culture.
Women constitute one half of the population of the planet.
Women constitute over half of Earth's human population.
Women constitute over half of the population in America.
Women constitute the fastest growing group of job-seekers.
Women constitute the majority of enrolled students in all North Carolina higher education sectors.
Women constitute the majority of the part time workforce.
Women constitute the majority of the part-time workforce.
Women constitute the majority of the workforce in rural areas.
Women constitute the majority of undergraduate and graduate students.
Women constitute two-thirds of the world's missionary workforce.
Women consult doctors.
Women consult physicians.
Women consult women.
Women consume alcoholic beverages.
Women consume amounts.
Women consume beverages.
Women consume caffeine.
Women consume calcium.
Women consume calories.
Women consume diets.
Women consume fat diets.
Women consume fewer than the recommended servings of all food groups.
Women consume fiber.
Women consume food.
Women consume fresh food.
Women consume juice.
Women consume milk.
Women consume more calories.
Women consume proteins.
Women consume servings.
Women consume sugar.
Women consume the lion's share of drugs for depression.
Women consume vegetarian diets.
Women consume, women demean, women destroy.
Women consuming such diets are particularly at risk from anemia and complications during childbirth.
Women consuming such diets are particularly at risk.
Women continually search for the perfect foundation base.
Women continue advancing in the military hierarchy.
Women continue pregnancy.
Women continue the rug-weaving tradition using native plants for dyes.
Women continue to advance in social equality.
Women continue to avoid computer engineering in droves.
Women continue to be an invisible face in the Middle East.
Women continue to be arrested for improper veiling.
Women continue to be at an economic disadvantage compared to men.
Women continue to be clustered in areas traditional for their gender.
Women continue to be disadvantaged by laws that are gender based.
Women continue to be more inactive than men.
Women continue to be over-represented in administrative support and service occupations.
Women continue to be over-represented in the lowest paid, lowest opportunity jobs in the economy.
Women continue to be significantly under-represented in the engineering enterprise.
Women continue to be subjected to society s expectation that a smart or aggressive woman is a bitch.
Women continue to be targeted in wars.
Women continue to be the largest victims of violence, rape and other forms of injustice.
Women continue to be the victims of the hierarchical and paternalistic legal and social structures.
Women continue to be trapped in abusive relationships, locked in bedrooms and cells.
Women continue to be underrepresented at the higher levels of the profession.
Women continue to be under-represented in a number of key industry sectors.
Women continue to be under-represented in chemistry.
Women continue to be underrepresented in management, government, and politics.
Women continue to be underrepresented in politics.
Women continue to be underrepresented in the field of technology.
Women continue to be understudied, underreported and underdiagnosed.
Women continue to challenge the corporatization of our world.
Women continue to complain of receiving lower wages for equal work.
Women continue to demonstrate better hearing than men into advanced age.
Women continue to do much of the household work and handle many of the less skilled and manual jobs.
Women continue to dominate the professional direction dance takes in Greater Cincinnati.
Women continue to earn less than men.
Women continue to earn less than two thirds as much as men.
Women continue to earn nearly one-fourth less than men.
Women continue to enter or re-enter the work force when their children are infants and toddlers.
Women continue to face barriers to economic empowerment and entrepreneurship.
Women continue to face discrimination and marginalization, both subtle and blatant.
Women continue to face discrimination in several ways.
Women continue to face particular challenges in achieving equality.
Women continue to face social, cultural and economic barriers to full participation in development.
Women continue to face some societal discrimination.
Women continue to fear violence in their homes and communities, and in conflict zones.
Women continue to get lower pay due to employment in lower-skill job categories.
Women continue to give and to volunteer in greater numbers than men do.
Women continue to have lower economic and social status than men.
Women continue to have their nails done during pregnancy, however.
Women continue to hide the fact that they're bleeding.
Women continue to hold non-permanent positions at a higher level than men but that is decreasing.
Women continue to juggle so many responsibilities in the home, workplace, and community.
Women continue to lag in income.
Women continue to lag significantly behind men in terms of enrollment in science programs.
Women continue to live longer than men do.
Women continue to make inroads into business ownership in the United States.
Women continue to make strides towards equality with men.
Women continue to make their place known in the business world.
Women continue to outlive men.
Women continue to pay with their lives for inadequate provision of health care.
Women continue to picket the bank daily in sub-zero temperatures.
Women continue to play a key role in animal husbandry, the basis of Mongolia's rural economy.
Women continue to prepare for domestic or part-time employment.
Women continue to push against U.K. prohibitions.
Women continue to push against UK prohibitions.
Women continue to receive the majority of their information anecdotally.
Women continue to represent the majority of the world's poor.
Women continue to share their time and talents with others.
Women continue to show increases at all faculty ranks.
Women continue to strike for wages and working conditions.
Women continue to strive for equality, especially when it comes to sports and physical strength.
Women continue to struggle with developing the skill that men seem to have possessed from birth.
Women continue to suffer from being treated as second class citizens.
Women continue to suffer real disadvantage in employment terms.
Women continue to wear a close-fitting bodice and full, softly domed skirts.
Women continue to wield influence in terms of vehicle purchases.
Women continue today to have a major role in supporting and going as missionaries.
Women contour their breasts with makeup all the time, especially on movie sets.
Women contribute a higher proportion of family income than ever before.
Women contribute ca.
Women contribute nothing but matter to their offspring.
Women contribute significantly to their families' incomes.
Women contribute their share to the demise of our precious planet in many ways.
Women contribute to the construction industry in a variety of ways.
Women contribute to the evils of society just as often as men.
Women control all aspects of birth control.
Women control as much property as men.
Women control family assets.
Women control less money than men do, and occupy less well paid segments of the workforce.
Women control the social agenda.
Women cook breakfasts.
Women cook for the people they love.
Women cook in the streets after the earthquake.
Women cook, clean and raise babies.
Women cook, men eat.
Women cope better with pain than men do.
Women cope better with pain than men.
Women cope with pressure to look like the supermodels gracing magazine covers and TV screens.
Women correct men in matters of religion.
Women cost more to house than men due to greater medical costs.
Women count their days as to how many times they get hugged.
Women counting for minyan and woman rabbis for example.
Women cover everything but their faces and hands.
Women covet each other's feet.
Women craft water jars, steaming pots, and bowls from clay.
Women crave a return to feminine, light-hearted and desirable fashion.
Women crave food.
Women crave foods that stimulate serotonin and chocolate foods stimulate serotonin.
Women crave stability and a clean living room.
Women cream over that stuff.
Women Create Art.
Women create bonds by sharing secrets and talking about the most personal aspects of their lives.
Women create clay pots for domestic use.
Women create feelings of closeness by conversing with their friends and lovers.
Women create naturally - men create artificially.
Women create naturally, men create artificially.
Women create T-shirts or other clothing of durable material to express their thoughts and feelings.
Women criticize staff by pointing out that at least owners are making big money.
Women cross dress all the time.
Women cross oceans to embrace dreams and give birth in harsh conditions.
Women cross their legs at the ankles with knees together.
Women cry and die, but, while they live, they guide the children.
Women cry and make sad wails.
Women cry in private, quietly.
Women cry over starving children.
Women cry rape because they had sex and changed their minds.
Women cry rape to get back at someone.
Women cry rape to get back at their boyfriend.
Women cry when they are happy.
Women cry, and it is now permitted to men.
Women cry, and some do things that are out of line but guys seem to feel more emotion.
Women cup their faces in terror.
Women curl up in a chair and play puzzle games or scavenger hunt games.
Women currently hold both elective and appointive offices.
Women currently make up a small percentage of practising engineers but the number is increasing.
Women currently make up about two thirds of nursing home residents.
Women currently make up almost half of the general U.S. work force.
Women currently participate in nine intercollegiate athletic teams.
Women currently represent only nine percent of all engineers.
Women cut fingers.
Women dance barefoot.
Women dance in achorus line with pineapples on their shoulders and broad smiles upon theirfaces.
Women dance under men's arches to change places with partner.
Women dance with energetic skirt and footwork.
Women dance with women, men dance with men, and women with men.
Women dating did spread wet clitorises climax.
Women deal with intensity of their pain differently than men.
Women deal with situations.
Women decide that a pointed toe is more feminine.
Women decide what's important.
Women decline earlier on fluid abilities, whereas men decline sooner on crystallized abilities.
Women defer treatment longer and are offered treatment much later in the course of their disease.
Women define feminism, but both women and men can be feminists.
Women define the problem as money' driving the system.
Women define themselves more in terms of their relationships with others.
Women definitely have a gift to be capable of doing such an amazing task.
Women delay like no demi moore movies.
Women delight in beautiful women.
Women deliver babies at hospitals or at home.
Women deliver children.
Women demand equal rights and work for a constitutional amendment.
Women demand good benefits, stable business models, and team-oriented environments.
Women demand information and service from store employees.
Women demand it from men.
Women demand it. . . .
Women demand it.
Women demand more of a shopping environment.
Women demand selection.
Women demonstrate against pass laws.
Women demonstrate and obtain repeal of the Oppian law .
Women demonstrate and obtain repeal of the Oppian law.
Women demonstrate in New York City, demanding an end to sweatshops and child labor.
Women demonstrate lymphocyte responses.
Women demonstrate more caring behaviors than men.
Women demonstrate responses.
Women demonstrate skills.
Women demonstrate strong responses.
Women deny that sexism is real.
Women depend on the other wives of their husbands.
Women descend to the polluted river that runs through town to wash clothes.
Women describe a number of reactions.
Women describe being harassed, intimidated, and given blatantly false information.
Women describe it as a constant wetness or water running down their leg when they stand.
Women describe knifelike pain from the first two causes.
Women describe life at sea.
Women describe more intense thoughts and interest in love-making.
Women describe the positive aspects of the superintendency.
Women describe their climaxes differently.
Women describe their labor pains and their euphoria at giving birth.
Women describe their reactions as feeling rather than being attracted to their partner by smell.
Women describe themselves as curvaceous, slim and attractive.
Women deserve a better choice than abortion.
Women deserve all the oportunities in life that men do.
Women deserve better options.
Women deserve better than abortion.
Women deserve better.
Women deserve equivalent facilities.
Women deserve every opportunity to play and benefit from an athletic scholarship.
Women deserve meaningful work that pays a living wage.
Women deserve more.
Women deserve no privileges.
Women deserve real retirement security and financial independence.
Women deserve the best care they can get.
Women deserve the facts.
Women deserve the respect of men.
Women deserve the right to appreciate themselves and their bodies through all the stages of life.
Women deserve the same choices and chances as men do.
Women deserve the whole truth.
Women deserve thier retribution.
Women deserve to be able to go about their business just like men.
Women deserve to be able to live their lives free from violence, oppression and poverty.
Women deserve to be abused if they stay.
Women deserve to be seen.
Women deserve to endure the same challenges of a tough opponent or difficult practice as men.
Women deserve to give birth without being cut or torn.
Women deserve to have healthy bodies they feel good about.
Women deserve to have more than twelve years between the ages of twenty eight and forty.
Women deserve to have precise information on which to base their decision.
Women deserve to have work-life balance.
Women desire average size men, while wanting a smaller, thinner physique for themselves.
Women desire greater flexibility at work.
Women desire products to enhance sexuality and romance.
Women desire to be close to heart of campus with high security.
Women desire to play a larger role in their units and in the institution as a whole.
Women determine their role in the marketplace with a variety of personal choices.
Women develop a frothy, foul smelling, green-white or yellowish vaginal discharge .
Women develop a more rapid loss during premenstrual and menopausal years.
Women develop abdominal pain.
Women develop bladder cancer about a fourth as often as men.
Women develop breasts.
Women develop cirrhosis of the liver at a much lower cumulative dose of alcohol than do men.
Women develop deep voices and facial hair if taken too long.
Women develop eating disorders for different reasons.
Women develop gallstones more commonly than men and at a younger age.
Women develop it at a rate more than double that of men.
Women develop it more often than men.
Women develop long-term complications of alcohol dependence more rapidly than do men.
Women develop menstrual irregularities, even amenorrhea.
Women develop more interpersonal skills than do men.
Women develop more liver cirrhosis than men.
Women develop pain.
Women develop pancreatitis more rapidly than men.
Women develop severe abdominal pain.
Women develop severe pain.
Women develop tactically faster and physically more slowly.
Women develop the disease almost twice as often as men.
Women develop the disease approximately twice as often as men.
Women develop the disease at a rate almost double that of men.
Women develop their fighting spirits through simulated attack scenerios.
Women devote a good deal of time and intensity of involvement to friends.
Women devote more time to children than men do.
Women devote their lives to raising families of six, seven and eight children.
Women devote their lives to raising families of six, seven, and eight children.
Women diagnose with depressions.
Women diapers adult.
Women didn t have any rights.
Women die as a result.
Women die as a way for the authors to connect people.
Women die day after day.
Women die every year from the side effects of unnecessary cesareans and anesthesia.
Women die from cardiovascular disease more often than men.
Women die in circumstances.
Women die in mysterious circumstances.
Women die later than men.
Women die like trees, limb by limb. . .
Women die more often as a result of stroke than men do.
Women die of breast cancer.
Women differ from men in that the decline in sexual responsiveness with aging is quite gradual.
Women differ from men on the critical status indicators of rank and tenure.
Women differ in their relationship toward work, home, family, partners, friends.
Women differ very much with respect to how they experience bodily changes following child birth.
Women dig a guy who'll kill someone over a handkerchief.
Women dig a man with mutton chop sideburns.
Women dig for tubers and gather fruit and berries.
Women dig into the sand of the dry riverbed.
Women dig it.
Women dig relationships.
Women dig stuffed animals.
Women dig the kilt.
Women disappear from each narrator's life, and much is left unspoken and unexplained.
Women discover attributes.
Women discover most breast masses by themselves during the breast self-examination.
Women discover orgasm .
Women discover own voices.
Women discover the fat-burning power of a popular men's bodybuilding formula.
Women Discover the secrets of meeting, dating, and attracting women and girls.
Women discover voices.
Women discriminate better between types of pain.
Women discuss around no nephew instead stole english fairy tales.
Women discuss cooking, washing, and mending clothes.
Women discuss instances of physical abuse and particular family situations.
Women discuss issues related to networking from the home office.
Women discuss pain more than men do.
Women discuss pain more than men.
Women discuss their feelings about pregnancy and the abortions they have had.
Women discuss their orgasms on radio talk shows.
Women discuss their status, and men are coming out of their hiding places.
Women discuss women's work.
Women dislike fighting more than men.
Women dislike guys that rush into sex with no foreplay.
Women dismiss men as inferior, incompetent, helpless, disorganized, worthless people.
Women display their wares.
Women disproportionately suffer from such workplace violence.
Women dispute the claim that a supermarket has run out of supplies.
Women disrust providers.
Women divide their vote fairly evenly between the two candidates.
Women do actually preach in churches, as is well known.
Women do age dreadfully.
Women do all the civilized work.
Women do all the front work but get little of the control over big picture issues.
Women do all the heavy labor in both India and Nepal.
Women do all the things that men do.
Women do as well as men after heart surgery.
Women do as well as men.
Women do belong in space.
Women do better than men on tests of verbal ability.
Women do bull jumping.
Women do care.
Women do child care.
Women do come with instructions.
Women do deserve equal treatment, but modern feminism is wholly misguided.
Women do develop heart disease, but their symptoms are different from men's symptoms.
Women do develop heart disease, but their symptoms can be different from men's symptoms.
Women do diet in unhealthy ways.
Women do different work than men.
Women do display more eye contact during social interaction than men do.
Women do enjoy conversing with men, but sometimes a deeper understanding and sharing is appreciated.
Women do evil stuff for the same reason men do.
Women do face de facto discrimination in employment.
Women do face many challenges trying to balance everything out in life.
Women do feel bonded emotionally to their sexual partners.
Women do forget.
Women do get angina, however, and they do have heart attacks.
Women do get hair in undesirable places.
Women do get headaches from allergies.
Women do get their own way, but they feel obligated to attend to men's feelings in the prc-ess.
Women do get weary, as the song goes, wearing the same tattered dress.
Women do get woolly.
Women do go back to their abusive husbands.
Women do have a different management style.
Women do have a right to privacy but humans have a right to live.
Women do have a right to refuse amniocentesis for a variety of reasons, also outlined below.
Women DO have a say in things.
Women do have basic mammogram rights.
Women do have heads.
Women do have heart attacks prior to menopause and get very sick.
Women do have legal redress when it comes to within-job pay discrimination.
Women do have more pain, but they cope.
Women do have power both in the private realm and in public life.
Women do have pregnancy.
Women do have successful pregnancy.
Women do have the ability to urinate standing up.
Women do have the edge on knowing how to seduce.
Women do have the opportunity to earn as much as men.
Women do have the physical strength to do nontraditional work.
Women do have the power and resources to stand up and fight back.
Women do have urethrae , they're just more internal.
Women do household chores and work as usual until they give birth.
Women do initiate sex sometimes, it's true.
Women do it all the time without a problem.
Women do it all the time, at marriage.
Women do it all the time.
Women do it because they can shop from home.
Women do it differently.
Women do it every day.
Women do it more often than men, but seniors do it less often than younger people.
Women do it right the first time.
Women do it too, of course.
Women do it.
Women do laundry every couple of days.
Women do laundry in a courtyard shared by several families.
Women do like to get dressed up and looking their best when out on a date.
Women do lose weight more slowly.
Women do make a difference, if heard and given the opportunity.
Women do more than just give birth.
Women do more than their fair share of work within the household and on the farms.
Women do most agricultural and household work.
Women do most of the child care, make most of the sacrifices in their careers.
Women do most of the collecting and tending of the crops, and also make mats and bark cloth.
Women do most of the cultivation.
Women do most of the farming.
Women do most of the gathering, though sometimes they kill smaller animals.
Women do most of the housework and child rearing.
Women do most of the market trading as well as the gathering.
Women do most of the trading in the markets as well as the gathering.
Women do most of the work and exercise none of the power.
Women do much of the farm work.
Women do much of the household work and handle many of the less skilled and manual jobs.
Women do occupy some senior posts.
Women do play a considerable role and make substantial contributions to aquaculture.
Women do play a part, a vital part of Jewish life.
Women do play and enjoy computer games .
Women do play games.
Women do possess reason, which is an uniquely human trait.
Women do produce small amounts of androgens by way of the ovaries and adrenal glands.
Women do produce testosterone and men do produce oestrogen.
Women do quite well in a free economy.
Women do read more into kissing than men.
Women do rule.
Women do seek care following sexual assault or an episode of unprotected intercourse.
Women do seem to enjoy men with their clothes off.
Women do seem to enjoy the attention, at least at the right moments.
Women do shopping while men spend their time in pito-bars.
Women do so as well but also turn to their bank for advice.
Women do survive adoption and come through feeling whole.
Women do tend to have such a talent for keeping things organized.
Women do that much too often.
Women do that very well.
Women do that.
Women do the best they can under difficult circumstances.
Women do the bulk of bookbuying.
Women do the bulk of caring for children, the old and the sick.
Women do the bulk of domestic work, regardless of whether they have other work outside of the house.
Women do the clothes.
Women do the daily cooking, while men butcher pigs for feasts.
Women do the gardening, cook, and care for the children.
Women do the laundry in the canals.
Women do the same.
Women do their jobs in any condition.
Women do their time differently from men.
Women do themselves no favor by asking for privileges.
Women do things differently.
Women do things like that constantly.
Women do too.
Women do travel like that in every corner of the world.
Women do truly die from abortion.
Women do very well in equestrian events compared with men.
Women do very well in terms of director s position within the fashion industry.
Women do want bags that are fashionable and functional.
Women do wear pants to synagogue in Cuba.
Women do well at all levels in the military.
Women do work more hours inside the home, but men work more hours outside the home.
Women do, and they do it successfully.
Women do, however, graduate high numbers in medicine and law.
Women do, however, have access to education, employment, and government services.
Women do, too. . . .
Women doing practical mathematics really are at the bottom of the pile.
Women dominate home garden production and thus contribute to improved variety in the family diet.
Women dominate home garden production thus improving the variety and quality of the family diet.
Women dominate much of the production agriculture conducted throughout the world.
Women dominate social services work.
Women dominate the market, especially when it comes to apartment holders.
Women dominate the 'Net.
Women dominate the profession of nursing.
Women don chic skirts and slacks at night.
Women don t create heroes in their texts in the way traditional narratives do.
Women don t emerge from sexual exploitation into positions of power, respect or admiration.
Women don t exercise, period.
Women don t lift slightly less than men, and aren t slightly weaker.
Women don t like being raped - even by presidents.
Women don t share in an inheritance.
Women don t think about sex, men do.
Women don t want to be dolls.
Women drape themselves in long shawls that entirely cover their bodies.
Women draw a line between sensual and sexual.
Women draw an audible breath.
Women draw close to their men as the flames rise.
Women draw water from a well.
Women draw wisdom off one another.
Women dread it.
Women dress as part of a status game they play with other women.
Women dress casually for just about anything except for dinner at the most exclusive restaurants.
Women dress equally conservatively, in dark suits and white blouses.
Women dress in black symbolizing the tragedy of the victims of violence.
Women dress in colourful clothes and apply mehendi on their hands and feet.
Women dress in gorgeous kimonos, mostly heirlooms handed down for generations.
Women dress in men s boxers and V neck undershirts, at once revealing and slovenly.
Women dress like women.
Women dress modestly.
Women dress the way they do, and fix themselves up like that, to compete with other women.
Women dress up early in the morning in fine clothes.
Women dress without affectation in richly embroidered cloaks and ankle-length gowns.
Women drink alcohol.
Women drink beer because it is easy, convenient, refreshing and levels the social playing field.
Women drink coffee.
Women drink it as a good tasting herbal tea, also as an herbal uplift.
Women drink juice.
Women drink more white, rose, and blush than men.
Women drink soda.
Women drink up to three cups of tea a day.
Women drink up to three cups of the tea a day.
Women drink very little in Italy.
Women drive cars.
Women drive fast cars.
Women drive healthcare decisions and they are online in record numbers.
Women drop gold necklaces into collection bags.
Women drop out along the way to a career in astronomy .
Women drop out asap.
Women drop out of the workforce for long periods of time to raise their children.
Women dry their freshly harvested rice on the streets while they keep domestic animals at bay.
Women dying, or being damaged unnecessarily by childbirth is tragic enough.
Women earn a smaller proportion of master's and doctoral degrees than they do of bachelor's degrees.
Women earn additional outfits by staying on the job for specific periods of time.
Women earn everything they get in the media.
Women earn less and live longer than their male counterparts.
Women earn less money in almost every area of science.
Women earn less money than men.
Women earn less money.
Women earn less per hour than men.
Women earn less social security benefits than men.
Women earn less than men do, but otherwise the pattern holds.
Women earn less than men earn for doing the same work.
Women earn less than men even on jobs where all other qualifications are held constant.
Women earn less than men for equal work.
Women earn less than men.
Women earn less, are more often unemployed and generally are poorer than men.
Women earn less.
Women earn more than half of all bachelor s degrees.
Women earn more than half of college degrees, and the proportion is rising.
Women earn more than half the country's bachelor's degrees.
Women earn on average less than three-quarters of average male weekly earnings.
Women earn sabbatical leaves and faculty development grants at a higher rate than men.
Women earn so much less than men.
Women earning less means smaller pensions when they retire.
Women easily become victims when gathering firewood outside the camps.
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished .
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished.
Women eat breakfasts.
Women eat calories.
Women eat diets.
Women eat enrich food.
Women eat fish.
Women eat food.
Women eat fruit.
Women eat grain.
Women eat healthy diets.
Women eat last.
Women eat meat.
Women eat men's left-overs.
Women eat more calories.
Women eat more fruits and vegetables.
Women eat more hotdogs than men do.
Women eat more vegetables, fruits and berries, but less bread and potatoes than men.
Women eat nuts.
Women eat plant proteins.
Women eat proteins.
Women eat raw food.
Women eat separately after the male members of the family have taken their meal.
Women eat soy food.
Women eat typical american diets.
Women eat typical diets.
Women eat western diets.
Women eat whole grain.
Women eat with their younger children, and men eat together with their older sons.
Women eating to lower risk of cancer get fiber in and fat out.
Women educate mothers.
Women educate themselves as much as men.
Women effectively convert pregnenolone to estrogen.
Women embrace adoption more fully than men.
Women emerge from their kitchens and potato-patch gardens, and prop open the farmstead gateways.
Women employ creative writing, drama, yoga, and visual arts to explore the topic more deeply.
Women end up forming groups, as is the case of any minority.
Women endure persecution in a gripping view of a closed Islamic society.
Women endure the suffering.
Women engage in behavior.
Women engage in healthier lifestyles than men.
Women engage in intense workouts.
Women engage in other unhealthy behavior.
Women engage in unhealthy behavior.
Women engage in workouts.
Women enjoy a higher social status since industrialization along with more freedom.
Women enjoy a rich Islamic culture from which they draw their strength.
Women enjoy a variety of seminars and group experiences designed to meet their specific needs.
Women enjoy an erotic experience that imposes oral gratification on innocent infants after birth.
Women enjoy at the music for flown petits et mamans.
Women enjoy between no nat'l jewish post and opinion magazine.
Women enjoy critical mass when they are searching for a guy.
Women enjoy diets.
Women enjoy equal protection under law and are well represented in education and government.
Women enjoy equal rights and all is right with the world here.
Women enjoy equal rights.
Women enjoy equal status with men.
Women enjoy eve teasing.
Women enjoy even more benefits.
Women enjoy fewer educational and employment opportunities than men, particularly in rural areas.
Women enjoy following their men's leads.
Women enjoy greater opportunity in employment and education than they did under the former emir.
Women enjoy having sex with ugly, middle-aged men.
Women enjoy high status in the society.
Women enjoy jobs.
Women enjoy learning as they cook, eat, and talk together.
Women enjoy legal equality with men in marriage, property, and inheritance rights.
Women enjoy longevity.
Women enjoy lot more freedom here.
Women enjoy more equality at work in some countries than others.
Women enjoy more freedom today than ever in the history of the world.
Women enjoy pain.
Women enjoy rape.
Women enjoy respect and freedom, and descent and inheritance are through the female line.
Women enjoy sex and easily reach orgasm.
Women enjoy sex more later and are willing to participate later and longer.
Women enjoy sex more than men.
Women enjoy special protection during menstruation, pregnancy, child birth, and baby nursing period.
Women enjoy the same access to education as men.
Women enjoy the same property rights as men.
Women enjoy the same right as men to vote and to stand for election.
Women enjoy the same rights as men in political, economic, cultural, social and family lives.
Women enjoy the teamwork, as opposed to personal glory, in sports.
Women enjoy their bodies, their femininity, and their fantasies.
Women enjoy their independence and projects.
Women enjoy tugging their men's leads.
Women enjoy wearing a uniquely individual scent that expresses their personality.
Women enjoy weight loss, fight osteoporosis, gain strength by weightlifting.
Women enlist in the United States Marine Corps for the first time.
Women enter an abortion clinic scared and uninformed.
Women enter and leave poverty for reasons different than men.
Women enter engineering at a lower rate than other technical areas.
Women enter in a similar manner.
Women enter into witchcraft for money and power.
Women enter many stages in their life.
Women enter professions.
Women enter rooms.
Women enter the labor force unwillingly because there has been a failure.
Women enter the labor market later than men and periodically leave to have children .
Women enter the picture of the universal declaration only as they associate to men.
Women enter the twenty-first century transformed.
Women enter the worlds of politics, law, business, and teaching.
Women enter to the right.
Women enter treatment at later stages than men.
Women enter years.
Women entering the new millennium are anti-aging soldiers.
Women entertain, please, gratify, satisfy and flatter men with their sexuality.
Women entice men with their words and exposure of their bodies.
Women entice the males and are thrown around like rag dolls.
Women entrepreneurs .
Women entrepreneurs also value vendor support and service while making their buying decisions.
Women entrepreneurs and small business owners in Norway and Canada.
Women entrepreneurs as a hot area to stimulate the economy.
Women entrepreneurs as professional entities.
Women entrepreneurs face problems and rewards.
Women entrepreneurs making money, having fun, doing good.
Women entrepreneurs starting their own business or expanding their existing business.
Women entrepreneurs, too.
Women entreprenurs of any age and stage in their business's development.
Women entwine their legs to draw attention.
Women especially are very aware of that.
Women especially benefit from soy's positive effect in balancing their hormone levels.
Women especially can find a friend in seaweed.
Women especially enjoy creative theme luncheons.
Women especially go for the sweet mixed drinks.
Women especially like to talk, to discuss problems.
Women especially love a bargain.
Women especially receive reward and acceptance for having children.
Women especially seek more intimacy and love in their sexuality.
Women especially seem to relate surprise with romance.
Women especially spend a lot of time wishing their body was different in one way or another.
Women especially tend to go that direction.
Women especially understand and like that.
Women even play Olympic-level hockey.
Women even serve as guards in male prisons.
Women even shy away from the word.
Women even spend time teaching their daughters about the art of attracting the male species.
Women even survive men by several years in almost all countries, and the gap is widening.
Women even use the word 'sexy' to describe the lingerie available, and they do so straightfaced.
Women everywhere are busy, but most can carve out an hour a week in their schedules.
Women everywhere are the main victims of neoliberal policy.
Women everywhere are the targets of violent physical and sexual abuse.
Women everywhere are the users and keepers of fire.
Women everywhere can identify with the humor in their lives and situations.
Women everywhere feel that they are out of place in a field of math, science, or technology.
Women everywhere grapple with how to best provide for their children.
Women everywhere have more of a trust in their intuition than men do.
Women everywhere owe a lot to the women who worked so hard.
Women everywhere pay, and pay.
Women everywhere share one common concern.
Women everywhere start to leverage existing assets.
Women exaggerate problems they have at work.
Women exceed men in the student body.
Women excel in networking.
Women exchange news as they compare prices on tomatoes and millet.
Women excrete urine.
Women exercise fair rights as men, which also amounts to equal pay.
Women exeunt .
Women exhibit concentration.
Women exhibit differences.
Women exhibit variability.
Women exhibit wide variability in the type or intensity of stimulation that triggers orgasm.
Women exit the transition area.
Women expect a different standard to be applied to female characters than to male characters.
Women expect a lot more from their birth experience than they did a generation ago.
Women expect a massage and then oral sex.
Women expect it now.
Women expect men to share and do household chores without being asked.
Women expect the men in their lives to read their nonverbal cues.
Women expect to live longer.
Women expect to remain active and productive.
Women expect very little from men in terms of companionship, personal care, and fidelity.
Women expecting babies go to their doctor on a regular basis to monitor how things are progressing.
Women experience a decline in estrogen, increasing the risk of heart disease and osteoporosis.
Women experience a discharge from the vagina and some burning while urinating.
Women experience a general thinning of hair throughout the scalp.
Women experience a rise in body temperature during ovulation.
Women experience a second hormonal change around midlife known as menopause.
Women experience a sense of pride and accomplishment when they see their art adorning the walls.
Women experience a variety of emotional reactions to rape.
Women experience a variety of side effects with injectables, however.
Women experience a variety of symptoms of menopause, but the hot flash is the one most discussed.
Women experience all sorts of physical, emotional and spiritual problems after c-sections.
Women experience breast pain.
Women experience breasts.
Women experience changes in their sexual drive at different points in their lives.
Women experience death.
Women experience degrees of change.
Women experience depression about twice as often as men.
Women experience depression at roughly twice the rate of men, at some point in their lives.
Women experience depression at roughly twice the rate of men.
Women experience depression twice as often as men.
Women experience depression two to three times more often than men.
Women experience different warning signs for heart attack than do men.
Women experience difficulties in obtaining certain types of employment.
Women experience discharge.
Women experience discrimination in family rights issues.
Women experience fetal death.
Women experience fluctuations.
Women experience glucose tolerance.
Women experience greater overall weight gains and more notable weight fluctuations than men.
Women experience half the fatal heart attacks each year.
Women experience hives almost twice as often as men.
Women experience how to deliver an effective strike to vulnerable areas of the aggressor.
Women experience incontinence twice more than men.
Women experience incontinence two times more often than men.
Women experience infection.
Women experience itching, burning and vaginal discharge, and often seek treatment.
Women experience it-then mold with it to produce harmony.
Women experience labor in different ways, ranging in length from a few months to a day or more.
Women experience mild breast pain.
Women experience mild pain.
Women experience more anxiety about their study success.
Women experience more chronic and debilitating physical assaults by their partners than do men.
Women experience more congestive heart failure than men.
Women experience more depression during their childbearing years.
Women experience more hips problems than men for different reasons.
Women experience more learned helplessness through gender socialization.
Women experience more partner violence than men do.
Women experience more social disapproval of alcohol use and alcoholic women are more stigmatized.
Women experience nearly the same number of heart attacks as men.
Women experience nipple discharge.
Women experience pain when the penis hits the cervix during intercourse.
Women experience pain.
Women experience painful periods.
Women experience pervasive powerlessness and life-long discounting.
Women experience politics differently from men.
Women experience rapid bone loss at menopause due to a sharp decline of estrogen.
Women experience rapid weight gain, bloating and an inability to boogie.
Women experience retirement quite differently.
Women experience serious physical effects sooner than men do.
Women experience severe breast pain.
Women experience severe pain.
Women experience sickness.
Women experience signs of masculinization, including increased body and facial hair.
Women experience societal discrimination, and domestic violence against women is a problem.
Women experience stages.
Women experience subtler symptoms such as abdominal pain, nausea, and fatigue.
Women experience swell breasts.
Women experience symptoms of perimenopause long before menopause.
Women experience symptoms reflecting extreme hormonal fluctuations.
Women experience symptoms.
Women experience that as quite positive and liberating.
Women experience the greatest decline in bone mass, during the first five years after menopause.
Women experience the greatest health changes when they enter their senior adult years.
Women experience the psycho roommate the most.
Women experience the same things in every culture.
Women experience tolerance.
Women experience various kinds of breast lumps and other breast changes.
Women explore freedom.
Women explore impact.
Women explore their return to intimacy after surviving breast cancer.
Women expose to secondhand smoke.
Women expose to smoke.
Women express a far more subtle range of intimacy and vulnerability.
Women express emotion.
Women express feelings, men communicate information.
Women express more.
Women express their feelings better.
Women externalize their anger by abusing or insulting others.
Women face a considerably higher risk of poverty than men, and have for some time.
Women face a gender wage gap and lag behind men in income and career mobility.
Women face a lot more options when buying work clothes than do men.
Women face a lower employment rate, a higher rate of unemployment and lower wages.
Women face a number of major barriers and challenges in international affairs.
Women face a number of social barriers that limit their access to income-earning opportunities.
Women face a similar midlife identity crisis.
Women face a similar problem.
Women face additional burdens such as limited educational opportunities and domestic violence.
Women face additional challenges to create a secure retirement.
Women face additional hardships such are limitations form jobs, sexual harassment, and even rape.
Women face all kinds of problems in the society.
Women face biased courts and legal systems.
Women face different challenges than men in the workplace.
Women face different obstacles than men in creating businesses.
Women face discrimination in education and employment.
Women face discrimination in employment, and rape and domestic violence remain serious problems.
Women face discrimination in family matters such as inheritance and marital rights and obligations.
Women face discrimination in family matters such as inheritance, marriage, and divorce.
Women face discrimination in health care, education, and employment.
Women face discrimination in legal and social matters.
Women face discrimination in legal, educational, and employment matters.
Women face discrimination in many legal and social matters.
Women face discrimination outside the doyo, too.
Women face discrimination problems as well as physical abuse in school.
Women face disparities in other parts of the university as well.
Women face dual problems, problems of their own as women and problems on the national level.
Women face employment discrimination and are frequently tracked into clerical careers.
Women face employment discrimination, and rape and domestic violence remain serious problems.
Women face enormous difficulties in accessing science and technology.
Women face even greater challenges.
Women face extra challenges in emerging as leaders in any society.
Women face fewer restrictions in Bahrain than in other Islamic countries.
Women face formidable barriers when attempting to leave situations of violence.
Women face health issues.
Women face intense pressure to bear sons, and daughters are sometimes neglected.
Women face issues particular to their gender.
Women face issues.
Women face legal and social discrimination, and violence against women occurs.
Women face legal discrimination in marriage and divorce matters.
Women face lower salaries, fewer promotions, and more obstacles.
Women face many barriers to elective office.
Women face many challenges coming back to school.
Women face many challenges in forging authentic, nurturing relationships with girls.
Women face many different issues at their jobs today.
Women face many obstacles in filing reports of rape.
Women face many obstacles.
Women face many problems in the working world.
Women face more constraints in gaining access to the resources of modern society.
Women face multiple problems with the existing transport environment in Dhaka.
Women face no increased risk of breast cancer ten or more years after stopping the Pill.
Women face obstacles on other fronts as well.
Women face obstacles.
Women face other obstacles when dealing with commercial banks.
Women face possibility.
Women face prison.
Women face problems in all the fields.
Women face problems.
Women face restrictions.
Women face sexual discrimination in the workplace.
Women face significant employment discrimination and are frequently tracked into clerical careers.
Women face significant, unofficial discrimination in education and employment opportunities.
Women face social and economic discrimination and sexual harassment in the workplace.
Women face social and employment discrimination.
Women face social and legal discrimination in divorce and inheritance matters.
Women face some legal and significant traditional and societal discrimination.
Women face some unique challenges in starting their own businesses.
Women face systemic discrimination.
Women face the challenge of taking issues more personally than men.
Women face the greatest risk of violence from men they know.
Women face the same gender inequalities online as they do in face to face communication.
Women face the same problems men face in a field based on the paramilitary system of ranks.
Women face unique challenges during surgical training.
Women face unique challenges in business.
Women face unique financial challenges that often require long-term planning.
Women face up to seven years in prison.
Women face various issues related to their sexual desire.
Women face violence, as well as social and employment discrimination.
Women face widespread discrimination in employment and other areas.
Women facing a diagnosis of breast cancer today have more alternatives than ever before.
Women facing domestic violence can seek protection from the police or courts.
Women faculty and administrators have a lot to lose.
Women faculty and senior administrative staff are eligible to apply for admission.
Women faculty at work in the classroom, or, why it still hurts to be a woman in labor.
Women faculty members accuse the college of exploitation and unequal pay.
Women faculty members play a vital role in the college of science.
Women faculty mentoring program .
Women faculty Percentage of female faculty.
Women fail men, so men have to take care of men.
Women fail to fulfill their commitments to serve in the military in all branches of the military.
Women faint at the sight of blood.
Women faint at the slightest scare.
Women fall beneath the wheels and are run over.
Women fall for it all the time.
Women fall in first round of tourney .
Women fall in love with their ears.
Women fall into poverty more easily and more frequently than men.
Women fall into the same trap.
Women fall under the wheels of overcrowded buses, get raped and murdered, bought and sold everyday.
Women fall victim to the custom more often than men.
Women fantasize about being raped.
Women fantasize about many, many different types of men.
Women fantasize just as much about sex, especially about men other than their partner, just as much.
Women fare a little better with a couple of nights a week, but even that gets tiring.
Women fare as well as men after heart surgery .
Women fare better on other days, although they remain underrepresented.
Women fare slightly better.
Women fare worse.
Women favor funding specific projects instead of offering unrestricted gifts.
Women favor past several criminal or taken Wisconsin hiking trail.
Women favor right-brain, intuitive styles.
Women favor slim black pants.
Women favor the shorter, slimmer cigars.
Women favor tougher environmental laws than men.
Women favor yellow, the color of spring.
Women fear betrayal perhaps more than men do.
Women fear breast cancer more than any other disease.
Women fear family planning services.
Women fear men's grief.
Women fear more abuse out of retaliation and even death if they leave or attempt to leave.
Women fear taking a public stand, entering public discourse, demandingand perhaps getting attention.
Women fear that combining work and family responsibilities is a big problem.
Women fear their own vulnerability.
Women feature in limited instances in the imagery of citizenship.
Women federations only.
Women feed cats.
Women feed ducks.
Women feed families, carry water, and collect fuel.
Women feed the world, round table of women activists.
Women feel a lot of pressure to conform to society's idea of beautiful.
Women feel a lot of righteousness about writing erotica, a lot of female and feminist support.
Women feel a pull to be the primary parent or caregiver.
Women feel a responsibility to give back.
Women feel a variety of feelings after a placement.
Women feel and act competitive with each other.
Women feel as free as men to experiment sexually with multiple partners.
Women feel ashamed and embarrassed to speak of such experiences.
Women feel at risk because they are.
Women feel babies.
Women feel better talking about problems.
Women feel breasts.
Women feel deeply the pain and injustice of our systems.
Women feel disillusioned on being maltreated by the male-oriented set up in Pakistan.
Women feel disturbed when they see someone's too pretty.
Women feel dryer inside.
Women feel embarassed to be hard-nosed and seem uptight.
Women feel empowered to speak when there's representation of women in the faculty.
Women feel grief because they know of the power of empathy.
Women feel guilt, low self esteem, and depression after abortions.
Women feel guiltier than men about their private as well as couple's use of pornography.
Women feel guilty when raped.
Women feel insecure as to what's going on.
Women feel intense pain.
Women feel isolated.
Women feel it in the pull of tides, dancers in the pulse of drum and bass.
Women feel less embarrassed in an informal gathering with other women.
Women feel less permission to know the sides of themselves that are angry and competitive.
Women feel less safe than do men.
Women feel less safe than men at night.
Women feel loved through tenderness and understanding.
Women feel monogamy is more modern and progressive.
Women feel more threatened than men do.
Women feel more vulnerable than men to calamities like sudden single parenthood.
Women feel movement.
Women feel out of control of their emotions and their bodies.
Women feel out of sync with that.
Women feel pain.
Women feel particularly betrayed by the medical establishment.
Women feel powerless to change sexual behavior.
Women feel pressure.
Women feel problems.
Women feel procedures.
Women feel relief.
Women feel robbed of their identity.
Women feel safe and secure in attending any party by themselves.
Women feel safe saying no to men like that, and therefore much safer saying yes.
Women feel safe walking alone after midnight.
Women feel so helpless and depressed about it.
Women feel that men are increasingly heavy economic and emotional burdens.
Women feel that the positive benefits of business travel far outweigh the negative aspects.
Women feel the passage of time more painfully than men do.
Women feel the same feelings and think the same things after an attack .
Women feel the vulnerability in a different way.
Women feel their issues have been underfunded, underdiagnosed, and undertreated.
Women feel their way through grief.
Women feel they have been shortchanged in terms of information and education.
Women feel they have most to lose if the Islamic fundamentalists gain ground.
Women feel they have to fit the mold of a model.
Women feel tug of two cultures.
Women feel uncomfortable because they feel it's they're right to decide what kind of testing to get.
Women feel uncomfortable pressure.
Women feel unsafe twice as frequently as men.
Women feel very safe there.
Women feel very uncomfortable discussing female private parts with a male provider.
Women fight about the most trivial things.
Women fight alongside men in the military.
Women fight long and hard to win the vote a.
Women fight three, two-minute rounds, one less than men.
Women fighters for freedom.
Women figure prominently in both the birth and resurrection narratives.
Women figure prominently in Finnish politics in other ways too, as MPs and ministers.
Women file harassment suit against state agency.
Women fill it out and return it with a registration donation.
Women fill many of the lowest-paid and tedious jobs in the economy.
Women fill out higher population of lower paying salaries.
Women fill quotas and are given titles, but lower pay and no authority.
Women finally have a safe place to converse openly about their feelings and special experiences.
Women finally have an advantage.
Women find a language and a way to connect with the world very difficult.
Women find a way.
Women find activities.
Women find advice and listening ears in cyberspace.
Women find altruistic men to be attractive partners .
Women find altruistic men to be attractive partners.
Women find antisocial, alcoholic, divorced men irresistible.
Women find choices.
Women find federal taxes and government regulation suffocating the American dream.
Women find functions.
Women find great comfort, support and intimacy in the company of their inner circle of friends.
Women find information.
Women find it a good place to come for the first time.
Women find it a struggle to be a part of the military, and gays are run out entirely.
Women find it be a great makeup base.
Women find it hard to enter particular sectors of employment, and more senior jobs.
Women find it hard to listen and comprehend when they are partially exposed.
Women find it hard to speak out about their deepest sexual feelings.
Women find it hard to spit in public a thousand times a day.
Women find it helpful during their menopausal spells.
Women find it just as exciting.
Women find it much harder to be on the road.
Women find it safe to join the tour especially when travelling alone.
Women find it useful in lessening the discomfort of menstrual cramps and morning symptoms.
Women find it very uncomfortable as well as infuriating.
Women find kickboxing a great stress reducer in addition to increasing cardiovascular endurance.
Women find many more opportunity.
Women find many opportunity.
Women find men intimidating.
Women find men lovable, at some level.
Women find men.
Women find micro-site marketing the most engaging and effective form of Internet advertising.
Women find most lumps themselves.
Women find opportunity.
Women find peculiar men.
Women find privacy, support and education important during their examinations.
Women find quite a pleasure in boosting it. . . .
Women find relief.
Women find sesame especially enlivening.
Women find significant relief.
Women find special opportunities in industrial engineering.
Women find such activities.
Women find tendencies.
Women find that attractive in a man.
Women find that orgasms are diminished in frequency and intensity or disappear altogether.
Women find that very attractive in a man.
Women find the detailed Homestead and Victorian furniture exhibits of special interest.
Women find their place in the world through relationships.
Women find themselves cast aside like rusted droids.
Women find themselves in the sex trade.
Women find thyroid functions.
Women find wellnesses.
Women first enroll as full-time students.
Women first learn to weave around the age of fifteen or sixteen from their mothers and grandmothers.
Women first tie the cloth, boil it with some dyes in a big pan, and then wash it in a river last.
Women first worry that marriage rings the death knell on romance.
Women fish from the riverbanks using large baskets to catch the fish.
Women fish in some regions inshore from small boats or collect shellfish and seaweed .
Women fish only occasionally now, for entertainment rather than food production.
Women fish the rivers with small nets.
Women fisting is in with celebs the women spanking free porn.
Women fit more easily than dogs on the back of a motorbike.
Women fit that profile perfectly.
Women float along in their lime green, purple or orange saris.
Women fluctuate body weight in response to their menstrual cycle.
Women fly and tumble through a series of hoops in one showstopper.
Women fly in the military and a few have completed test pilot school.
Women fly into space and send troops into battle and crack mysterious scientific codes.
Women fly their families and friends all over the country.
Women focus on details of feeling, men on details of fact.
Women focus on how to make something work for people.
Women follow administration.
Women follow after beautiful dresses.
Women follow instructions better for a weekly patch than a daily pill.
Women follow protocols.
Women follow rules and are fair too.
Women follow style.
Women follow their partner in each star.
Women Follows a catalogue and order form for our publications.
Women forget their own achievements.
Women forget to consider alterations as part of the purchase price of a garment.
Women forget to take the pill for couple of days.
Women form a large part of the modern workforce.
Women form an essential part of Scotland's thriving economy.
Women form the backbone of agriculture, comprising the majority of agricultural laborers in India.
Women form the backbone of most partisan political campaigns as staff, campaigners and supporters.
Women form the backbone of the family structure in Russia.
Women form the bulk of public service workers.
Women form the majority of all student classifications.
Women form the majority of carers.
Women form the majority of the work force in many African countries.
Women form the majority of their membership of several thousand.
Women frantically search and spend large amounts of money buying chocolate for every man they know.
Women fret about thickening figures, men about thinning hair.
Women frolic in their white crop tops and rubber bikinis.
Women fuck men with strapondildo.
Women fuck men.
Women fulfill several functions on the world market.
Women gagging on cum is commonplace in bedrooms all over the world.
Women gain a place in medicine.
Women gain control over their finances, become savers and investors.
Women gain employment.
Women gain haircare simplified for long and lovely hair .
Women gain hairloss control Plus a bit more .
Women gain in confidence as they enter the working class and the labor movement.
Women gain more weight than men after quitting.
Women gain new perspective about alcohol use and discuss how they feel about it.
Women gain nothing from abortion, but the right to run in place.
Women gain nothing.
Women gain productive employment.
Women gain skills and self-confidence through workshops , peer support , and other programs .
Women gain the right to vote in Utah Territory.
Women gain the right to vote in Washington.
Women gain their power by supporting men.
Women gain two years per child they had.
Women garment workers strike in New York City over wages and working conditions.
Women garment workers strike in New York for better wages and working conditions.
Women gather fourth gold.
Women gather fruit.
Women gather fruits, berries, and roots.
Women gather in a rented meeting room for crafts, tea and Bible study.
Women gather in bars and basements and throw parties to celebrate new episodes.
Women gather in fine clothing, children in tow, for a community meeting.
Women gather in the evening to mark the new moon.
Women gather plants and jungle products for food, medicines, resin, and other supplies.
Women gather saguaro fruit.
Women gather to hear an exciting array of guest speakers and to network over lunch.
Women gather to love.
Women gather to make baskets, hats, and other handicrafts.
Women generally acquire a masculine body constitution.
Women generally acquire irritable bowel syndrome as the result of a psychological disorder.
Women generally are less active than men at all ages.
Women generally are more critical of their weight than men, but have less pounds to lose.
Women generally are more risk averse, patient, and detail oriented than their male counterparts.
Women generally build less muscle than men because they have less testosterone in their bodies.
Women generally do the planting and harvesting, whilst the older folk look after the children.
Women generally drink far less than men.
Women generally earn less than men and are more likely to work part-time or change jobs.
Women generally earn less than men in the workplace.
Women generally earn less than their male counterparts.
Women generally expect more from government and are far more inclined to support gun control.
Women generally feel better emotionally and physically when taking replacement hormones.
Women generally give an excuse that they have been eating for two people on the occasion.
Women generally give birth in a hospital.
Women generally go topless anywhere they want on the beach and nobody cares.
Women generally grieve in healthier ways then men do.
Women generally have a higher body fat percentage than men.
Women generally have a higher percentage of body fat than men.
Women generally have difficulty relinquishing responsibilities.
Women generally have fewer migraines as they get older.
Women generally have fewer symptoms than men.
Women generally have higher proportions of estrogens than androgens when compared to men.
Women generally have less reverence for the round-buying ritual than men.
Women generally have lighter, thinner bones than men.
Women generally have lower paying jobs and fewer promotions.
Women generally have more estrogens circulating in their blood than men.
Women generally have more healthful diets than men.
Women generally have more options with suit color than men.
Women generally have more successful academic backgrounds than men.
Women generally have proportionally smaller waists and larger legs than men.
Women generally have skin that is more easily bruised than men.
Women generally have thinner and lighter frames, so they have fewer stores of bone mass.
Women generally labor and birth at home with their spouse, close family and friends, or alone.
Women generally live longer than men do, and the gap is widening.
Women generally live longer than men.
Women generally lose out, just as they do in most gubernatorial races.
Women generally manage the home budget, and thus make purchasing decisions.
Women generally manifest more than men do.
Women generally needs foreplay, intimacy, and the right environment to get sexually stimulated.
Women generally predict higher inflation than do men.
Women generally prefer a milder smoke, while men usually enjoy bolder ones.
Women generally prefer a more indirect style of communicating.
Women generally seem to find it quite interesting.
Women generally serve as office clerks and administrative assistants.
Women generally shoulder the burden of caring for the sick and dying.
Women generally sit and paddle, men stand and pole.
Women generally smell better.
Women generally stay at the shelter for one to two weeks.
Women generally suffer back pain for longer than men, who tend to suffer from short, sharp attacks.
Women generally suffer financially in a divorce, particularly if children are involved.
Women generally survive longer than men.
Women generally take more sips than men.
Women generally take on several responsibilities at one time and put their own needs last.
Women generally use communications technologies more than men do.
Women generally wear a lightweight dress or skirt and blouse.
Women generally wear cocktail suits or dresses.
Women generally wear dresses, skirts or pant suits.
Women generally wear white garments as well.
Women generally weave mats and market pottery.
Women generally weigh less than men and have a higher fat and water content in their bodies.
Women generally work about eight hours a week less than men.
Women get a free limited membership when they upload their picture with their personal.
Women get a free T-shirt if they'll strip down to put it on.
Women get a hands-on tennis clinic.
Women get a representation of a cow, complete with a meticulously embroidered yoni.
Women get a room of their own in Zurich, others.
Women get a small pleasure from being able to drive a man to climax.
Women get a special pampering by the system.
Women get a taste of how it feels to be responsible for someone's evening.
Women get babies.
Women get back ah . . .
Women get better as they get older.
Women get big muscles when they exercise.
Women get bladder infections more often than men.
Women get busy preparing the food from the previous day.
Women get calcium.
Women get colorectal cancer at the same rate as do men.
Women get custody of children.
Women get drunk quicker and cheaper.
Women get essential information about pregnancy as part of prenatal care.
Women get estrogen from chemicals that mimic estrogen know as xenoestrogens .
Women get estrogens.
Women get fiber.
Women get flat tummies.
Women get frozen shoulder more than men.
Women get help to fight spiritual battles.
Women get help with money matters .
Women get ideas.
Women get ill from STDs more frequently than men.
Women get in free.
Women get in.
Women Get information about the development of a fetus from conception to birth.
Women get information on the most reliable contraceptives for their individual circumstances.
Women get into trouble at the same rate as men.
Women get into witchcraft so that they can manipulate others for their benefit.
Women get it done because it makes sex better.
Women get it done right the first time.
Women get it for free.
Women get it more often then men.
Women get it.
Women Get It.
Women get jobs.
Women get less than a fair share of animal and fish foods and girls get less eggs.
Women get less than two percent of the venture capital invested each year in American business.
Women get logical at all the wrong times.
Women get lung cancer less frequently than breast, but lung is more deadly.
Women get materials.
Women get migraines more than men.
Women get minks the same way minks get minks.
Women get more drunk than men on the same amount of alcohol.
Women get much less space.
Women get natural hormonal protection until menopause, when their estrogen levels drop.
Women get new jobs.
Women get on with it.
Women get our sense of self from relationships.
Women get pelvic inflammatory disease when chlamydia and gonorrhoea are left untreated.
Women get post-partum depression.
Women get practical.
Women get pregnant despite the fact that there are no obstetricians in rural Canada.
Women get pregnant, have babies and raise children by themselves all the time.
Women get ready to heat up the courts.
Women get ready to swoon.
Women Get results from events involving the area's pro and college teams.
Women get sick, men act as carriers.
Women get six weeks leave with full pay after they have a child.
Women get some relapse protection from the level of estrogen in their blood.
Women get the first seamless panty hoses in the West, tropical fruits are only available there.
Women get the fountain of youth and men get permanent erections.
Women get the full blast more than men.
Women get the guilt-trip treatment.
Women get the vote in Illinois.
Women get the vote in Spain.
Women get the vote in the United States.
Women get their eyelashes tinted because mascara runs too easily in the tropical heat.
Women get three months paid maternity leave, and working part-time is an available option.
Women get throats.
Women get tired of dealing with that.
Women get tired quicker than men.
Women get to be completely covered to protect themselves from embarrassment.
Women get to go outside.
Women get to have the offspring and then stay home to educate their young in the ways of the world.
Women get together and sing, they really have a connection to the music in that community.
Women get together to learn winter outdoor skills and have fun.
Women get tummies.
Women get two points for gender.
Women get upset at multiple offices in their restroom.
Women get upset at the damnedest stuff.
Women get urinary infections far more often than men do.
Women get urinary tract infections more often than men.
Women get UTIs more often than men.
Women get vaginitis, but can pass it sexually to their male partner.
Women get welfare only if no man is present in the home.
Women get wet, moan and hump, seize and weep, and snuggle in warm comfort.
Women get yeast infections.
Women getting together in small groups and connecting at the heart level can heal the world.
Women giggle like a big group of idiots whenever they are together.
Women Give a financial contribution to help our initiatives.
Women give a variety of reasons for becoming business owners.
Women give birth amidst Manila's refuse, without safe water, electricity or professional help.
Women give birth and p roduce milk.
Women give birth and produce milk.
Women give birth in their tents.
Women give birth on sinks in public hospitals.
Women give birth to dead babies after pregnancies of only four months.
Women give birth to life Life becomes freedom.
Women give books to their lovers, and men a rose to their lady.
Women give chocolate to their colleagues, classmates, father, and so on, besides their sweethearts.
Women give chocolates to men from their offices.
Women give consent.
Women give for different reasons and motivations than men.
Women give from the heart.
Women give fullness to mountains.
Women give instinctively to improve the world and to make a real difference.
Women give less to nonprofits than men because generally women feel less secure about their future.
Women give less to nonprofits than men because they have had much lower incomes than men.
Women give objects as tokens of love.
Women give personal accounts of their quests to obtain needed medical care.
Women give the first lady a double-digit lead in support.
Women give their hearts and souls.
Women give to education, medicine, and science.
Women give to education, women-related groups, and the arts.
Women give up a date they had with a woman friend at the chance to go out with a man.
Women give up a lot of control in hospital settings.
Women give up.
Women give with their heart.
Women go after intimacy, and men, autonomy.
Women go after what they want and learn to take care of themselves.
Women go along with it because their inner desire is to be a nothing, a hole.
Women go bald.
Women go barefaced but with a head kerchief.
Women go crosseyed just before they explode.
Women go for chocolate and carbohydrates.
Women go for it.
Women go for prevention, and women are trained for prevention.
Women go from their homes into industry.
Women go 'home' again, searching for their roots and looking for the boy next door.
Women go into careers.
Women go into fields where they can see the value.
Women go into heavy duty jobs now a days.
Women go into space because they measure up to the job.
Women go into their own businesses in order to control their destiny.
Women go mad for the stuff.
Women go off in pairs to gather staples such as cassava and a blueberry-like fruit called acai.
Women go on diets.
Women go right on cooking.
Women go spelunking in skirts and go-go boots.
Women go through life.
Women go through many emotional moments during the transition phase of labor.
Women go through menopause , or the time when menstruation ceases.
Women go through menopause when they reach mid-life.
Women go through periods.
Women go through pregnancy with little or no medically provided prenatal care.
Women go to a game and talk about everything.
Women go to a hill or valley because such are considered protected places.
Women go to all the other service academies.
Women go to clubs half naked.
Women go to college, get degrees, become doctors and lawyers and are successful.
Women go to dance clubs to dance.
Women go to gynecologists, children to pediatricians, and so on.
Women go to medical school.
Women go to nurse in the hospitals.
Women go to see men's movies, but men never go to see women's movies.
Women go to the bar and get all hooched up because they like attention.
Women go to the bathroom in groups to talk about guys.
Women go to the bathroom together in order to report back to the mothership.
Women go to the doctor more often than men.
Women go to the quilt shop for stroking and nurturing as much as to buy.
Women go to the salon to get their hair done.
Women go to the temple for fertility purposes and men go to it seeking healing.
Women Go Underground.
Women go wild when ice cubes are used properly.
Women gradually produce less oil beginning after menopause .
Women graduate students look at the presence of men graduate students in feminist academe.
Women graduate students slightly outnumber men.
Women graduate students who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Women graduate students.
Women graduates from overseas and Great Britain are eligible to apply.
Women graduates with approved baccalaurete degrees are eligible for membership in that association.
Women gravitate to scholarships and social programs.
Women greet their babies in as many ways as there are mothers.
Women grill, too, but without quite so much attitude.
Women grind the millet into flour in the traditional fashion using a small heavy rock.
Women grow details.
Women grow further details.
Women grow most of the food in the world.
Women grow rain fed rice, and are likely to help men with their cereal crop harvest.
Women grow rain fed rice, by hand with no mechanization.
Women grow up with doctors.
Women grow, prepare, and preserve food, in addition to processing textiles.
Women gymnasts open season with sixth place finish The coveted Super Six.
Women half Click for full results.
Women handle situations differently than men.
Women hang out on the beach, watching the surfer dudes.
Women hang the laundry out to dry and hose down the alleyways.
Women hang umbilical cords in small bags on the tree to give thanks for a successful birth.
Women harass men as well and they have the same rights.
Women harass men just like men harass women.
Women hardon personals as well as target pussywhores.
Women harvest the crops, and the girls winnow the rice.
Women hate being submissive as much as men do.
Women hate bugs.
Women hate computers.
Women hate hearing fitness or dieting advice from their husband or boyfriend.
Women hate it and want their daughters to read it.
Women hate it when guys say that.
Women hate it when their alcoholic husbands stop drinking.
Women hate lying.
Women hate men.
Women hate men's lines.
Women hate that.
Women hate to be interrupted.
Women hate weak.
Women have (part) arms.
Women have (part) cell membranes.
Women have (part) cells.
Women have (part) cytoplasm.
Women have (part) heads.
Women have (part) legs.
Women have (part) necks.
Women have (part) nuclei.
Women have (part) personality.
Women have (part) plasma membranes.
Women have (part) sections.
Women have (part) vacuoles.
Women have (part) woman's bodies.
Women have a better grasp of self-destructive behavior than men have.
Women have a better sense of direction than men.
Women have a biological clock ticking.
Women have a bit more flexibility in terms of colors and style of outfits.
Women have a broader acceptance range of color for all situations.
Women Have a bronze.
Women have a central role in changing that.
Women have a central role in such production.
Women have a central role to play.
Women have a choice to an abortion now.
Women have a clearer image than men of their imagined partners' facial features.
Women have a concern about estrogen causing breast cancer.
Women have a constitutional right to make their own decisions regarding their pregnancies.
Women have a critical contribution in world peace and international affairs.
Women have a different nature.
Women have a different take on things.
Women have a difficult time running for office and winning.
Women have a far greater and more subtle repertoire of courtship signals than men do.
Women have a far greater risk of breast cancer than men.
Women have a far more naturally mature approach to sex than men.
Women have a favorite room, men a favorite chair.
Women have a few more options when deciding what to wear.
Women have a finite number of eggs.
Women have a foreskin as well, which covers and protects their clitoris.
Women have a four times greater chance of developing osteoporosis than men.
Women have a good time for finalizing projects or association.
Women have a great deal of decision-making power in the absence of a husband or male children.
Women have a great deal of power at home and over their children.
Women have a great stake in promoting a healthier society.
Women have a greater opportunity to grow and use it toward their respective sports.
Women have a greater propensity for non-payment of child support then men do.
Women have a greater risk for death from alcohol-related liver disease than men.
Women have a greater risk than men of developing osteoporosis.
Women have a hard time envisioning a role for themselves in the global economy.
Women have a hard time in Africa.
Women have a hard time keeping their mouths shut.
Women have a hard time setting boundaries until there is permanent damage to the relationship.
Women have a harder time balancing work and family.
Women have a harder time becoming involved in sex on just a physical level.
Women have a harder time in breaking the addiction than men.
Women have a harder time securing a business loan than do men.
Women have a hell of a time finding pants that fit - especially tall women.
Women have a higher capacity for intimacy.
Women have a higher chance of getting a STDs than men.
Women have a higher daily requirement for iron than men because they store less iron and menstruate.
Women have a higher drop-out rate from TC's than men do.
Women have a higher education level than men.
Women have a higher incidence of musculoskeletal problems such as muscle and joint pains.
Women have a higher percentage of tissue devoted to computation than men.
Women have a higher proportion of fat to muscle than men do.
Women have a higher rate of malfunction than men.
Women have a higher risk after menopause.
Women have a higher risk of clinical depression than men.
Women have a higher risk of stroke during pregnancy and the weeks immediately after pregnancy.
Women have a higher risk of stroke during pregnancy and theweeks immediately after pregnancy.
Women have a higher risk than men.
Women have a higher sense of the importance of long-term relationships.
Women have a hold on their emotions.
Women have a hormonal edge in the battle against coronary heart disease, at least until menopause.
Women have a huge stake in the current and future job market.
Women have a keener sense of smell than men.
Women have a larger problem keeping their Fe requirements because of blood loss during menstruation.
Women have a larger stomach, kidneys, liver and appendix, and smaller lungs.
Women have a legal right to a home birth.
Women have a limited role in Islamic culture.
Women have a little more to contribute than serving punch.
Women have a long history of active involvement in all aspects of Canadian life.
Women have a longer life expectancy than men.
Women have a longer life expectancy, outliving men by an average of seven to eight years.
Women have a longer life span in almost every population around the world.
Women have a lot more barriers to enrollment in rehab.
Women have a lot more permission.
Women have a lot of positive accomplishments to be proud of.
Women have a lot to contribute.
Women have a lot to learn from men.
Women have a lot to offer.
Women have a lot to say about their bodiesand it is usually negative.
Women have a lot to say alot to give.
Women have a lot to say and a lot to give.
Women have a love for horses that never dies.
Women have a low percent because most don t go to school.
Women have a lower center of gravity than men.
Women have a lower incidence of blood cholesterol before menopause.
Women have a lower rate of heart disease than men.
Women have a major stake in the issue of new reproductive and genetic technologies.
Women have a maternal instinct that needs to be filled.
Women have a monthly reproductive cycle, whereas the male sperm production cycle is more continuous.
Women have a more complex system of behavior.
Women have a much better social standing.
Women have a much greater chance of being cured when the cancer is found early.
Women have a much greater tendency of getting a UTI than men have.
Women have a much harder time finding a job.
Women have a much higher relative risk than men, for the same radiation exposure.
Women have a much higher risk of a serious knee injury than men, according to one expert.
Women have a much shorter torso than men requiring a shorter jersey length.
Women have a mysterious power to fog men's minds.
Women have a natural ability to marshal a team.
Women have a natural tendency to embrace the dance side, the gymnastics and the fluidity.
Women have a new birth control option to prevent pregnancy.
Women have a number of options for birth control today.
Women have a particular stake in environmental health research.
Women have a particular stake in preserving the right to bear arms.
Women have a particularly difficult situation in Sudan.
Women have a perfect right to worry about their place in life.
Women have a picture of themselves when they are dead.
Women have a powerful influence on their families.
Women have a prominent role, with access to education.
Women have a quick decrease in estrogen with menopause.
Women have a quickly accelerating risk of cardiovascular disease after menopause.
Women have a rate of malfunction equal to that of men.
Women have a ready made role in motherhood.
Women have a relationship with shoes that often outlasts lovers, jobs, or houses.
Women have a reputation for talking a lot.
Women have a responsibility to manage their own career development too.
Women have a responsibility to talk openly about sexual expectations.
Women have a rich and exciting history in our country.
Women have a rich and varied tradition as composers and performers.
Women have a right and a duty to take care of themselves.
Women have a right to abortion.
Women have a right to be non-traditional and express their feelings.
Women have a right to chose and get over it.
Women have a right to control all aspects of their health including fertility.
Women have a right to dress any way they wish.
Women have a right to equal health coverage.
Women have a right to freedom from violence .
Women have a right to give birth free from routine medical interventions.
Women have a right to know all of the risks associated with induced abortion.
Women have a right to know there is a safe, satisfying alternative to medical maternity care.
Women have a right to know what happens in an abortion.
Women have a right to live free from violence.
Women have a right to live independently and to enjoy their autonomy.
Women have a right to participate in the decisions that effect their lives .
Women have a right to play.
Women have a right to prompt test results.
Women have a right to pursue whichever career they feel like.
Women have a right to safety at school.
Women have a right to serve, the same as men.
Women have a right to their own 'piece of mind'.
Women have a right to work the streets.
Women have a say.
Women have a sensitive nature and are prone to cry, even about minor things.
Women have a serious strength disadvantage when dealing with just a single male assailant.
Women have a sharp advantage over men in building chi.
Women have a shorter span of years during which they can successfully parent a child.
Women have a shorter urethra which allows easier access for bacteria.
Women have a significant role in the engineering profession and enjoy the challenge.
Women have a significant role in the management of tree species.
Women have a significant role to play in any nation's development.
Women have a slightly curved forearm and extended hip, perfect for holding a baby.
Women have a slightly higher prevalence of diabetes.
Women have a slightly higher pulse rate than men.
Women have a special problem with yeast overgrowth in the reproductive tract.
Women have a special relationship with time.
Women have a special role to play in maintaining household food security.
Women have a special role with sheep.
Women have a specific dimension of the mission.
Women have a spiritual connection with nature.
Women have a storied history in Legislature.
Women have a strong representation in our local urban government.
Women have a ten times greater chance of dying from heart disease than from breast cancer.
Women have a tendency to become preoccupied by the numbers on a scale.
Women have a tendency to draw people together.
Women have a tendency to lead prayer while the men manage to linger in the background.
Women have a totally different experience of life to men.
Women have a unique ability to give life.
Women have a unique and essential role to play in peace-building.
Women have a unique value and contribution to ministry in the local congregation.
Women have a vagina.
Women have a variety of responses to having more hair than average.
Women have a very delicate nature.
Women have a very different attitude to technology and the Net than men.
Women have a very important role in the encampments both in the leadership and in other tasks.
Women have a very important voice in society.
Women have a very rich and inspiring history in our country.
Women have a very specific dress code in Saudi Arabia.
Women have a vested interest in change.
Women have a way of oversimplifying things, sometimes.
Women have a way of reading between the lines.
Women have a wider pelvis.
Women have a wonderful instinct about things.
Women have abortions because they feel cornered, abandoned, hopeless, scared, manipulated.
Women have abortions for lots of reasons.
Women have abortions to prevent real tragedies in their lives.
Women have abortions.
Women have about four times as many foot problems as men.
Women have about one-tenth as much male sex hormone as men.
Women have about twice the risk for panic disorder than men do.
Women have access to accurate and detailed information about all aspects of breast cancer.
Women have access to contraception at younger and younger ages.
Women have access to contraception.
Women have access to less health care than men.
Women have access to opportunities in education, business, and government.
Women have activities.
Women have additional difficulties when gender issues are involved.
Women have affairs and men have affairs, women take drugs and men take drugs, women lie and men lie.
Women have agency to do risky and stupid things to.
Women have all different sizes and shapes of toes.
Women have all kinds of feelings about having an abortion.
Women have all the civil and political rights.
Women have all the control.
Women have all the options.
Women have allergic reaction.
Women have alterior motives.
Women have alternatives.
Women have always worked- inside the home, outside the home, for as long aswe have been around.
Women have ambitions.
Women have an ability to juggle many tasks at once.
Women have an added advantage in becoming revolutionaries.
Women have an advantage in juggling simultaneous events and simultaneous thoughts in the classroom.
Women have an advantage of having a swimsuit.
Women have an advantage over men.
Women have an ambivalent relationship with technology, at best.
Women have an arsenal of ways to increase their chances of detecting and surviving breast cancer.
Women have an awesome responsibility to self-examine.
Women have an easier time of winning the game.
Women have an eight-fold greater chance of developing osteoporosis than men.
Women have an emotional relationship to certain clothes.
Women have an entire dictionary covering a huge range of emotion.
Women have an entirely different way of interacting with the world.
Women have an equal obligation to keep the commandments and study the Tanach.
Women have an important role to play in the attainment of sustainable human settlements.
Women have an inate sense of spirituality,an ability to attune to the wisdom within themselves.
Women have an inborn skill, a peculiar artistic gift in matching colours and treating the textiles.
Women have an increasing role in the work of the church.
Women have an inherent knowledge about the ecology of their region.
Women have an innate ability to process messages simultaneously in both their right and left brain.
Women have an outlet for their frustrations.
Women have an unequal share of resources in our society.
Women have and continue to be phenomenal in every sense of the word.
Women have and continue to look for security, which translates today into wealth.
Women have another risk-increasing factor as well.
Women have antenna for abuse.
Women have approaches.
Women have at least as much ability for engineering as men.
Women have attributes to make good engineers.
Women have authority.
Women have babies because that's the way to keep the world populated.
Women have babies in pain.
Women have babies.
Women have bathing suits.
Women have been doing it for at least as long as men, the drag kings strut their stuff.
Women have bellies.
Women have better chances than they ever did at seeking a career than ever before.
Women have better concentration.
Women have better hearing, and they're more sensitive to taste and smells.
Women have better restrooms.
Women have big bellies.
Women have big hips in order to have babies.
Women have biological interest in long-term commitments.
Women have biological, anatomical possibility to bear children.
Women have bodily agency.
Women have bone density.
Women have bone mass.
Women have bones.
Women have book groups, investment clubs, yoga sessions.
Women have both a public and a private face.
Women have both regular and dress-up outfits to wear for the right occasions.
Women have brains that tend to think about more than one thing at a time.
Women have breast tissue that makes it harder to detect.
Women have breasts.
Women have burn sensation.
Women have by no means achieved pay equality with men, but they re catching up.
Women have calcium excretion.
Women have calcium.
Women have cancer treatments.
Women have capacity.
Women have career choices.
Women have careers and personnal goals to accomplish.
Women have careers now and getting married later.
Women have careers too.
Women have cellulose.
Women have certain strengths and abilities that men don t necessarily have and vice-versa.
Women have certain well-articulated rights, though certainly less than men's.
Women have cervical smears on their own volition and the service is somewhat fragmented.
Women have changing needs for health and wellness information throughout their lifespan.
Women have children even with incarcerated murderers.
Women have children today much later than that by choice.
Women have children when it is safe to do so.
Women have children who are always getting sick.
Women have children.
Women have choices.
Women have choices.
Women have claims to make under international law.
Women have collarless, front-buttoned blouses with the cuffs and trouser legs laced.
Women have complex needs during childbirth.
Women have concern.
Women have concrete ideas.
Women have considerable freedom.
Women have considerable influence in Thai society.
Women have control of their alcohol consumption and smoking habits.
Women have daily activities.
Women have death.
Women have decisions.
Women have defects.
Women have density.
Women have diets.
Women have different feelings when they look at their scar for the first time.
Women have different financial needs than men and a different attitude toward investing.
Women have different health issues than men.
Women have different issues, needs, and concerns than men do.
Women have different mannerisms.
Women have different mental health issues than men.
Women have different outfits for everything.
Women have different patterns.
Women have different proportions in the arch, first toe, and ball of the foot.
Women have different reasons for choosing a second-hand wedding gown.
Women have different risk factors for heart disease.
Women have different situations and different breastfeeding goals.
Women have different taste.
Women have difficulties with self-esteem and gender discrimination.
Women have difficulty advancing their careers, and often face discrimination.
Women have difficulty finding sponsors.
Women have difficulty marrying the men they love because said men are poor.
Women have difficulty.
Women have dinner parties gone awry.
Women have diseases.
Women have distinct social burdens, being the primary caregivers while receiving lower pay than men.
Women have disturb activities.
Women have dozens of types of circulating estrogens.
Women have dreams.
Women have drinks.
Women have dry skin.
Women have earlier exhaustion and tend toward hyperventilation in an effort to compensate.
Women have egos, too.
Women have emotional, sexual and maternal powers.
Women have enormous power and choices in childbirth.
Women have enough battles to fight without taking on the male species as well.
Women have enough pressure from prejudice and the media to lose weight.
Women have enough trouble coming forward about their rapists.
Women have equal access to both halves.
Women have equal capabilities of undertaking same jobs to men.
Women have equal opportunities and career choices as men do.
Women have equal rights to vote and stand for election.
Women have equal standing and participation in prayer services and as spiritual leaders.
Women have equal status under the law, and the law provides for pay equity.
Women have erratic periods for four years on average.
Women have estrogen secretion.
Women have estrogens.
Women have every right and opportunity to do what men do.
Women have every right to express themselves in ways other than mothering.
Women have every right.
Women have exactly the same possibilities to make good progress.
Women have excessive secretion.
Women have excretion.
Women have excuses for their conduct when they act in an illegal or inappropriate manner.
Women have excuses.
Women have expertise.
Women have extensive knowledge of forest resources.
Women have extensive representation at the municipal level on city councils and school boards.
Women have factors.
Women have far greater control of their bodies and health than they think.
Women have far greater control over their own desires now than ever before.
Women have far greater control over what they do.
Women have far greater rights in our country than they do in many parts of the Middle East.
Women have far less retirement income than men.
Women have far less sebum production than men do as they age.
Women have far to go.
Women have fat tissue.
Women have fetal death.
Women have few avenues out of poverty.
Women have few choices.
Women have few if any legal protections or resources.
Women have few legal rights outside of formal marriage.
Women have few occupational skills, high unemployment, and limited access to credit and land.
Women have few opportunities for education or in the formal economic sector.
Women have few options for survival other than getting married and producing male children.
Women have few words to describe their monthly reproductive cycle.
Women have fewer accidents than men, and married drivers have fewer accidents than single drivers.
Women have fewer brain cells but more connections, women are more prone to dementia.
Women have fewer earnings to rely on in retirement.
Women have fewer opportunities of receiving an education.
Women have fewer procedures, such as surgery.
Women have financial resources.
Women have first priority for rides.
Women have for a long time been more health conscious than men.
Women have for millennia delivered babies all by themselves with absolutely no assistance.
Women have four times as many problems as men presumably from walking in high heels.
Women have friends for support and guidance, comfort and care.
Women have full and equal access to education.
Women have full rights of ownership and inheritance of property.
Women have full voting rights in Utah, Colorado and Idaho.
Women have genetic diseases.
Women have great jobs and are making excellent money.
Women have great power.
Women have great senses of humour, even when they're changing the world.
Women have greater control over their work and lives.
Women have greater health care needs and lower income.
Women have greater numerical density of neurons in posterior temporal cortex.
Women have growth factors.
Women have half the iron stores and half the heart attacks of men.
Women have hats and professors have truths.
Women have have periods.
Women have health problems.
Women have health.
Women have heart attacks, on average, when they are older.
Women have heart attacks, on average, when they're older.
Women have heart attacks, too, and are just as likely to be depressed later.
Women have high amounts of hormones called estrogen and progesterone.
Women have high self-confidence in expressing opinions.
Women have higher estrogen levels compared to men, helping lower their risk of heart attacks.
Women have higher rates of depression than men.
Women have higher rates of violent victimization than do men.
Women have higher risk for osteoporosis than men do as women often have smaller, thinner frames.
Women have higher self-expectations.
Women have higher serum concentrations of the parent drug.
Women have higher unemployment rates than men.
Women have higher voices, longer hair, smaller waistlines, daintier feet and prettier hands.
Women have higher voices, longer hair, smaller waistlines, daintier feet, and prettier hands.
Women have highly visible positions of responsibility in the firm.
Women have ideas.
Women have identical rights and authority as men.
Women have identities.
Women have impediments to career advancement such as childbirth, child-rearing, and housework.
Women have important healthcare concerns that are uniquely their own.
Women have important roles especially in the development of SMEs.
Women have in many cases become the primary supporters of families.
Women have individual sensitivities to androgen as well.
Women have influential buying power.
Women have information.
Women have inherently better vocal instruments than do men.
Women have injuries.
Women have insulin.
Women have intake.
Women have intuition and they trust it.
Women have intuition for a reason.
Women have irregular menstrual periods.
Women have irregular periods.
Women have it a bit easier.
Women have it easier than men.
Women have it harder, earning less than men in almost every artistic field.
Women have it so fucking easy.
Women have it so much easier.
Women have it too.
Women have it two to four times more often than men, and the condition tends to run in families.
Women have it two to four times more often than men.
Women have it very easy when it comes to getting into clubs.
Women have it worse than men, and that's men's fault.
Women have it.
Women have job qualifications.
Women have just as many opportunities as men do in the work force of America.
Women have just as much a likelihood of being exceptional thinkers as men.
Women have just as much potential to wield weapons, to hate, to dominate, to kill in aggression.
Women have just as much right as men to do what they want.
Women have just as much right to play golf as men.
Women have just as much right to serve their country as men do.
Women have kids.
Women have knowledge and skills such as men do.
Women have knowledge.
Women have labor.
Women have least access to credit, property, and economic and productive resources.
Women have less access to credit than men, as has been amply documented.
Women have less body fluid and more body fat then men.
Women have less bone mass at adulthood than men do.
Women have less bone mass than men at all ages and lose bone mass rapidly following menopause.
Women have less bone tissue and lose bone more quickly than men due to menopausal changes.
Women have less bone to start with than men.
Women have less chance of escaping poverty.
Women have less control than men.
Women have less energy for sex than men do.
Women have less exposure than men to education, travel and the media.
Women have less free time than men regardless of age, employment status or family responsibilities.
Women have less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs.
Women have less online access than men, for all the usual gender-related reasons.
Women have less opportunities and are limited at a very early age.
Women have less opportunity.
Women have less time than men to attend meetings.
Women have less time than men, and certain periods of day are dedicated to specific activities.
Women have less time to exercise and look attractive.
Women have less value than men.
Women have level positions.
Women have life.
Women have limitations.
Women have limited access to credit.
Women have limited access to extension services.
Women have limited opportunities in education and politics.
Women have limited purchasing power.
Women have little access to formal credit institutions.
Women have little hearts, Never go back.
Women have little knowledge of family planning and often use abortion as a means of birth control.
Women have little or no access to affordable health services.
Women have little or no control over own sexuality and sexual relationships.
Women have little to gain from individual accounts.
Women have little to no options, as there are few professional women's team.
Women have little to say about their own well-being.
Women have little understanding of Portuguese and never use it as a form of expression.
Women have long bent to the cultural message that it is unfeminine to be bright.
Women have long memories.
Women have longer life expectancies than men.
Women have longer life spans than men.
Women have low sexual desire regardless of what age.
Women have low urinary calcium excretion.
Women have low urinary excretion.
Women have lower bone density.
Women have lower chances of surviving heart attacks than men.
Women have lower cholesterol values than men and have a lower incidence of heart attacks.
Women have lower density.
Women have lower energy requirements than men because men are larger, they have more muscle mass.
Women have lower expectations of men in matters of the heart than men have of each other.
Women have lower levels of androgens than men do.
Women have lower tolerance to lower body negative pressure than men.
Women have major responsibility.
Women have many choices in how they spend their lives.
Women have many choices when it comes to childbirth and delivery.
Women have many concerns when their doctor discusses hormone replacement therapy.
Women have many different ways of dealing with pain in labor.
Women have many faults.
Women have many health problems.
Women have many job opportunities, they marry relatively late, and are relatively literate.
Women have many options for menopause management.
Women have many problems.
Women have many questions and concerns about their physical and well-being.
Women have many reasons for staying with an abusive partner.
Women have many responsibilities in family and society in addition to work.
Women have many specific needs and issues regarding withdrawal management.
Women have mass.
Women have meals.
Women have meat meals.
Women have men like strings around their fingers.
Women have men.
Women have menstrual periods.
Women have milk.
Women have millions of shoes, one for every outfit.
Women have money.
Women have more accessories and, let's face it, a more difficult process of going to the bathroom.
Women have more advantages with complex languages.
Women have more auto immune disease, strokes and clinical depression .
Women have more body fat and less muscle and bone than men.
Women have more body fat and less water in their bodies.
Women have more body fat than men, especially around the hips and thighs.
Women have more buying power because of the enormous strides they have made in the workplace.
Women have more calcified vessels.
Women have more chance of exercising rights as a group than as individuals.
Women have more choice of color than men.
Women have more choice.
Women have more choices than they used to.
Women have more control over their finances than ever before.
Women have more corpus callosum, that which keeps the two sides of the brain communicating.
Women have more difficulties in accessing land.
Women have more difficulty than men in developing a separate identity, a sense of self.
Women have more diffuse hair loss that often occurs after meno-pause.
Women have more domestic and childcare duties than men.
Women have more economic power, which has, in turn, created more political power.
Women have more education, challenges, and sophistication.
Women have more endurance and more patience to investigate any new science.
Women have more endurance and they play the game as a team with more all-around skills than the men.
Women have more fat cells than men and consequently have more trouble losing weight than men.
Women have more feeling for how things interrelate than men.
Women have more female hormones earlier in life.
Women have more fitting problems than men, due to shoe fashion.
Women have more flexibility working both in the fields and at home.
Women have more frequent and more significant hormonal fluctuations than men.
Women have more imagination than men do.
Women have more issues with food than men do.
Women have more leeway - about five or six percentage points.
Women have more liver cirrhosis than men.
Women have more nightmares than men.
Women have more opportunities than ever to learn new skills and access the outdoors.
Women have more opportunity to develop their spatial skills than they had before.
Women have more options for the prevention and treatment of breast cancer than ever before.
Women have more permission to cry and talk.
Women have more political power than ever before.
Women have more room for creativity in dress than men do, but also more room for mistakes.
Women have more room for creativity than men, which means they also have more room for mistakes.
Women have more severe and longer lasting pain than men.
Women have more than double the chance of developing gallstones as men.
Women have more than half the good ideas.
Women have more than half the problems and are probably cleaning up after the other half.
Women have more to fear from strangers than from people they know.
Women have more to fear than to gain from censorship generally.
Women have more treatment options.
Women have more trouble than men in putting top priority on the self.
Women have more unstable angina and congestive heart failure than men.
Women have most of the same health concerns that men have.
Women have most to lose from the anti-education campaign.
Women have mothers.
Women have much better color vision than men.
Women have much more leeway with men, as do men with men and women with women.
Women have much more social freedom and more job openings and career opportunities than formerly.
Women have much more symbolic meaning attached to the first time.
Women have much more trouble separating their bodies from their minds.
Women have much safer options.
Women have multiple pregnancy.
Women have multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease, some of which are unique to women.
Women have muscles that never quit.
Women have narrow shoulders and broad hips. .
Women have narrow-sleeved blouses and skirts of sheep's wool.
Women have natural gifts - intuition and empathy.
Women have natural instincts about everything.
Women have natural wide swings in hormones that can vary with the time of day.
Women have nausea.
Women have necks.
Women have never been self-conscious about dancing, they almost always know how.
Women have new approaches.
Women have no choice but to wet themselves hearing that shit.
Women have no civil rights when men jab uncivil lefts.
Women have no difficulties, only men.
Women have no Fatherland.
Women have no interest in that sort of thing.
Women have no leadership roles in the church at all.
Women have no legal recourse.
Women have no legal right to family property.
Women have no liberty.
Women have no morals and are lazy.
Women have no more inherent seductiveness than men do.
Women have no place for themselves.
Women have no place in combat.
Women have no place in orthopedics.
Women have no possessions and depend totally on their husbands for their livelihoods.
Women have no problem dressing as men.
Women have no problem to solve by sex.
Women have no right imposing sexual or social norms on other women.
Women have no rights in Saudi Arabia anyway.
Women have no rights or money unless they have a valid marriage to a man.
Women have no rights to speak of under so called Islamic law.
Women have no rights.
Women have no self-esteem, no communal feeling.
Women have no Stanley Cup, no World Series.
Women have no such freedom with their bodly hair.
Women have no such prejudices.
Women have no value.
Women have no voting right in Kuwait.
Women have no voting rights in Vatican City .
Women have no voting rights in Vatican City.
Women have offspring.
Women have only one orgasm, understood as acute pleasure.
Women have only to overcome the latter.
Women have options.
Women have orgasms too, but no one talks about that.
Women have other family considerations.
Women have other heel-size choices, fortunately.
Women have other options.
Women have other relationships and therefore other resources.
Women have ovaries.
Women have ovulation.
Women have painful periods.
Women have partners.
Women have patterns.
Women have periodic hyperoxaluria and pH elevations related to the symptoms of vulvar pain.
Women have periods.
Women have phenomenal progress in educational attainment.
Women have physiological advantages over men when it comes to flying.
Women have plans for themselves, for their children, about their home, the meals.
Women have plenty of products to choose from as well.
Women have poison stingers concealed in their belly buttons.
Women have political and social beliefs that are all over the map.
Women have poor diets.
Women have positions of power within the company.
Women have positions.
Women have positive pregnancy tests.
Women have positive tests.
Women have power, just as men do.
Women have power.
Women have preference.
Women have pregnancy tests.
Women have pregnancy.
Women have priority at all times.
Women have priority over men for receiving an education.
Women have problems maintaining adequate levels of recreation participation and leisure.
Women have problems.
Women have professional identities.
Women have properties.
Women have proportionately smaller brains than men but, apparently, the same intelligence scores.
Women have puffier lips than men.
Women have qualifications.
Women have quality.
Women have reaction.
Women have really good imaginations.
Women have religious equality.
Women have religious life.
Women have responsibility.
Women have results.
Women have rights.
Women have rights.
Women have risk factors.
Women have roles and responsibilities that form the very fabric of society.
Women have roles.
Women have safe pregnancy and safe delivery of their children.
Women have said it is less painful than a mammogram,'' Love says.
Women have salt intake.
Women have same capacity as men to study philosophy.
Women have same capacity for virtue as men.
Women have same problems.
Women have secretion.
Women have sensation.
Women have separate working places.
Women have serious reaction.
Women have several physical advantages over men in high stress situations.
Women have severe allergic reaction.
Women have severe reaction.
Women have sex chromosomes of XX , and men have sex chromosomes of XY .
Women have sex partners.
Women have sex.
Women have sexual partners.
Women have sexuality and like men they are interested in pursuing relationships.
Women have shelters.
Women have shorter vocal chords than men, resulting in higher pitch sound.
Women have simple tastes.
Women have six senses, men five.
Women have skills.
Women have skin.
Women have slower stool transit time than men, and benefit from higher fiber intake.
Women have small minds and limited intellects.
Women have smaller brains than men, and therefore are less intelligent.
Women have smaller brains than men.
Women have smaller feet than men - a fact that s long been known.
Women have smaller feet than men - a fact that's long been known.
Women have so many options today but no clear-cut answers on what the best treatment is.
Women have social loneliness and emotional loneliness.
Women have society to act as their eight arms and eight eyes.
Women have soft places, they want something very hard and strong.
Women have some advantages when compared with men.
Women have some different heart disease symptoms than men, particularly symptoms of heart attack.
Women have some erectile tissue in the vaginal area.
Women have some feeling, but the faux nipple is numb.
Women have some natural protective systems which help prevent many diseases associated with smoking.
Women have some special risks.
Women Have Something To Prove, Men Looking For Redemption.
Women have special circumstances in planning for retirement.
Women have special concern.
Women have special concerns related to their unique biology.
Women have special dental needs at different stages of life.
Women have special health care needs.
Women have special health problems.
Women have special metro trains to ride on during rush hour.
Women have special needs as they grow older, an issue that deserves more attention.
Women have special needs due to their unique physiology.
Women have special needs, from menstruation to pregnancy to menopause.
Women have special needs.
Women have special problem.
Women have special problems.
Women have special protection with regard to divorce.
Women have special resources, skills, abilities that are needed now more that ever.
Women have specific work to do in the church, and in the home.
Women have stories that they tell only among themselves.
Women have strengths that amaze men.
Women have strong opinions.
Women have strong preference.
Women have style.
Women have successful and satisfying careers in information technology.
Women have such a strong sense of loyalty and creation.
Women have such impossible posture.
Women have suitable partners.
Women have survival.
Women have symptoms.
Women have taste.
Women have teeth.
Women have tests.
Women have that extra dose of wisdom that men lack.
Women have that kind of stoicism, as do poor people.
Women have that vulnerability and are able to open themselves to it.
Women have that whole childbearing genetic code thing going on as well.
Women have the ability to balance different tasks and priorities.
Women have the ability to be leaders.
Women have the ability to be multi-orgasmic, having two or more orgasms in quick succession.
Women have the ability to control when and if they get pregnant.
Women have the ability to have control over their bodies.
Women have the ability to have more flexible schedules by working at home across the Internet.
Women have the ability to keep the child after birth, or give it up for adoption.
Women have the ability to pursue graduate school.
Women have the ability to see bacteria.
Women have the ability to see through any guys' best game.
Women have the best chance of getting better when the disease is found early.
Women have the best chance of successful treatment and surviving if their cancer is detected early.
Women have the choice to take birth control into their own hands.
Women have the courage, the endurance and even the strength for fighting.
Women have the definite edge here in dealing with men in some countries.
Women have the disadvantage of having to take off all the top layers to pee.
Women have the disadvantage when it comes to physical problems from alcohol.
Women have the edge healthwise, but it comes with a price.
Women have the edge over men in cultivating long-term relationships.
Women have the experience which can be directly correlated with an orgasm.
Women have the great opportunities of the blessings of the temple.
Women have the innate ability to give birth with confidence and dignity.
Women have the integrity and the confidence to make a difference.
Women have the misconception that cancer is their leading cause of death.
Women have the most important place in society.
Women have the most to gain from the changes taking place in Japan.
Women have the nurturing quality that helps people feel valued.
Women have the opportunity to communicate with others sharing similar experiences and situations.
Women have the opportunity to earn as much as men but they often have different goals and values.
Women have the opportunity to earn as much as men, but they often have different goals and values.
Women have the option of a room or desert shelter from the beginning of their residency.
Women have the option to refuse the test if they wish.
Women have the option whether to use a spermicide with the female condom.
Women have the potential to prevent a man from functioning properly, if at all.
Women have the power and ability to do it themselves.
Women have the primary responsibility for child care.
Women have the right just like men.
Women have the right of genuine informed consent, and access to all recorded medical information.
Women have the right to abort on demand, free of charge as are all medical services.
Women have the right to accept or refuse the test.
Women have the right to access sexual and reproductive health services.
Women have the right to accurate information and societal support.
Women have the right to ask for divorce.
Women have the right to be able to terminate their pregnancies.
Women have the right to be believed when they say they are victimized.
Women have the right to be consulted with regard to their marriage .
Women have the right to be consulted with regard to their marriage.
Women have the right to be free of violence from both relatives and strangers.
Women have the right to be in charge of their health and their reproductive health.
Women have the right to be safe.
Women have the right to bear children in accordance with relevant provisions of the state.
Women have the right to breastfeed in public.
Women have the right to choose .
Women have the right to choose to keep themselves and their children safe from harm.
Women have the right to choose.
Women have the right to contact the police or a domestic violence service for help and protection.
Women have the right to decide the number of children they have and care for.
Women have the right to decline referral.
Women have the right to education.
Women have the right to elect and be elected on equal terms with men.
Women have the right to feel safe in their homes and communities.
Women have the right to full equality.
Women have the right to give birth free from routine medical interventions.
Women have the right to insist that their dignity be respected.
Women have the right to keep their last names after marriage.
Women have the right to own livestock in Nepal.
Women have the right to political, economic and social equality.
Women have the right to privacy with their doctors.
Women have the right to protect themselves from death or bodily harm.
Women have the right to pursue their personal, economic, and civic activities.
Women have the right to receive the facts and decide for themselves what is relevant.
Women have the right to reproductive choice.
Women have the right to reproductive choices.
Women have the right to say no.
Women have the right to see the perpetrator prosecuted.
Women have the right to serve their country in whatever role they can prove capable of doing.
Women have the right to sexual integrity and autonomy.
Women have the right to work and receive a fair salary.
Women have the right to work and receive a just salary.
Women have the right to working conditions in accordance with their requirements.
Women have the right, if they elect, to work.
Women have the same aspirations to the top jobs as their male colleagues.
Women have the same duties and rights as men.
Women have the same general equipment, but it often looks different.
Women have the same issues across Canada, actually the world over.
Women have the same mean intelligence as men, but a smaller standard deviation.
Women have the same obligation as the men of the house.
Women have the same potential as men.
Women have the same problem.
Women have the same religious rights and duties as men.
Women have the same rights and opportunities as men socially, in the workplace and at home.
Women have the same rights as men.
Women have the same thing.
Women have the sensitivity, the intuitive intelligence.
Women have the strength of beauty and it's time the church recognised that, they say.
Women have the true power.
Women have their classes separate from the men.
Women have their fair share of physical side effects.
Women have their faults too.
Women have their faults, too.
Women have their faults.
Women have their friends and talk it out endlessly using their female support system.
Women have their ovaries removed to prevent feeding estrogen to possible tumors.
Women have their own cycles of capital generation that also augment household incomes.
Women have their own failings.
Women have their own gatherings, known as tafrita, and both sexes always meet in different houses.
Women have their own industrial army.
Women have their own special nutritional requirements.
Women have their own variations.
Women have their period during the fourth week.
Women have their place, men have their place.
Women have their techniques too.
Women have there- fore less of an investment in the class system.
Women have three choices at the basic level.
Women have time.
Women have tisses that are more radioactively sensitive like the breast and uterine tissue.
Women have tissue.
Women have to allow themselves pleasure.
Women have to be able to fight back, for themselves and for the future of all women.
Women have to be assertive.
Women have to be careful about what they do or say to men for their safety.
Women have to be helped to believe there is nothing shameful in using such procedures.
Women have to be seen and heard.
Women have to be tall, thin, and disproportionately big-breasted.
Women have to be the mothers up to a certain point.
Women have to be treated equally and equally represented in the media and decision-making.
Women have to be willing to take the time for choices that research suggests fight breast cancer.
Women have to become the angels of their homes who take on all family duties.
Women have to choose before they have sex.
Women have to come second right now.
Women have to create everything anew.
Women have to deal with the pregnancy head on.
Women have to fight their own battle.
Women have to figure it all out earlier.
Women have to get past their issues and emotions about what they wear to work.
Women have to grab opportunities to blow their own horns.
Women have to have control of their own reproductive rights.
Women have to have equal rights with men in training and travelling abroad.
Women have to have no fear.
Women have to have on boxer shorts and a sports bra minimum.
Women have to have their emotional housekeeping in order before they desire sex.
Women have to invade the economic and political world mastered by men.
Women have to know who they are in order to be the best kind of mother.
Women have to learn how to network within the company and outside the company.
Women have to learn how to say 'No,' because they have responsibilities for children, for parents.
Women have to learn how.
Women have to learn to honor the animal in themselves.
Women have to learn to pay to play.
Women have to live with the awareness of their risk of violence throughout their entire lives.
Women have to make an effort to join together and make it possible.
Women have to make it.
Women have to make the first move.
Women have to manage their own money and having a ladies' branch makes it a lot easier.
Women have to match.
Women have to move in an undefined space.
Women have to pass the same physical ability exam as men do.
Women have to pass through many different public places.
Women have to pay extra for the services of private midwifery care.
Women have to pay in various ways for the fault of their men counterparts.
Women have to relocate to another area.
Women have to rely more on teamwork.
Women have to resist the popular belief that old is old, and the media blitz that goes with that.
Women have to respect the rights of men too.
Women have to right to do whatever a man can do.
Women have to roll up their sleeves, too.
Women have to run on par with men.
Women have to sacrifice a great deal.
Women have to save a higher percentage of their income to ensure a comfortable retirement.
Women have to second-guess instead of acting on second nature.
Women have to start thinking more together.
Women have to step up and empower themselves.
Women have to stick together and learn to love each other and themselves.
Women have to stop apologizing for the fact that they bear children.
Women have to stop policing each other's appearance and each other's sexuality.
Women have to struggle for organizing that once a year against men in the union.
Women have to take time to go to parlors to have their plucking done.
Women have to wait for a few weeks to see an improvement in family matters and family environment.
Women have to wake up and claim their place.
Women have to watch their long skirts and baggy sleeves when cooking at the fireplace.
Women have to wear the top, with fewer men electing to do so.
Women have to work harder than men just to be considered equal.
Women have to work harder to prove themselves.
Women have to work harder, and be more determined than men, to get on in politics.
Women have to work here, so they see more, learn more.
Women have to work so hard at it.
Women have to wrestle with their bulging waistlines and hips.
Women have too much domestic work, and that work takes too much time.
Women have too much freedom in modern society.
Women have too much to do.
Women have treatments on all body areas, men usually on the beard region.
Women have treatments.
Women have tremendous power as voters and consumers and when they work together for a common goal.
Women have tremendous purchasing power.
Women have trouble.
Women have tubes.
Women have twice the number of suffers as do men.
Women have two breasts instead of one so that they can nurse twins.
Women have two hormones, estrogen and progesterone.
Women have two major constraints in managing their woodland resources.
Women have two ovaries , one on each side of the uterus.
Women have two ovaries, one on each side of the uterus.
Women have two ovaries.
Women have two roles-to have children and to provide for the men.
Women have two sets of labia, or lips that surround the vaginal opening.
Women have two small tubes called fallopian tubes which connect the ovaries to the uterus.
Women have two viewpoints.
Women have two weapons - cosmetics and tears.
Women have two X chromosomes so they can understand their own logic.
Women have two X chromosomes, whereas men have one copy.
Women have two X chromosomes.
Women have two X-chromosomes, so if a colour is missing on one they have a spare.
Women have two, conflicting instincts when choosing men.
Women have two-thirds the muscle mass as compared to men of same size.
Women have ulterior motives.
Women have unique emotional and psychological concerns, just as men do.
Women have unique health care needs that go beyond reproductive health.
Women have unique health care needs that include, but go beyond, reproductive health.
Women have unique issues that can more likely be dealt with in such a group.
Women have unique reproductive health care needs.
Women have unique strengths and qualities, beyond procreative powers.
Women have unlimited opportunities in today's business climate.
Women have up to five days after the act to have the device inserted.
Women have urinary excretion.
Women have urticaria almost twice as often as men.
Women have uteruses.
Women have values.
Women have very busy lives.
Women have very different view from men.
Women have very few nerve endings in the vagina.
Women have very few rights in relation to men's power and prerogatives.
Women have very limited access to credit from commercial banks.
Women have very limited access to legal services.
Women have very little access to credit from commercial or development banks.
Women have very little access to extension.
Women have very little time in our present culture.
Women have very personal motives, and an ethic of personal commitment, in their giving.
Women have very special needs and are becoming THE dominant force on the Web.
Women have vitamins.
Women have way more support today than men in every conceivable way.
Women have ways of getting even.
Women have what it takes when it comes to investing.
Women have wide hips, men have broad shoulders.
Women have wide variability in their ability to reach orgasm.
Women have wider hips, which changes the angle between the femur and tibia.
Women have years.
Women have yet to be all they can be onscreen, however.
Women have yet to prove themselves.
Women have, for thousands of years, had an important and vital role in local trade.
Women have, on the whole, only limited rights and restricted access to education.
Women having anthracyclines have a small risk of developing heart failure.
Women having children later in life come to parenthood with a different perspective.
Women having sex with women is totally immoral, shameful, and detestable.
Women having sexual relations with other women is just as much a sin as men with men.
Women head approximately one fourth of new businesses.
Women head Forty-five percent of the households.
Women heading households is a growing phenomenon, as are single mothers.
Women hear better than men.
Women hear news.
Women hear no as an absolute.
Women hear 'no' as an absolute.
Women hear three strong, conflicting messages.
Women help babies.
Women Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Women help each other in coffee shops, community centres, church basements and over the Internet.
Women help each other in many ways, such as by lending tools and drying racks.
Women help each other to battle breast cancer, to deal with depression and to stop smoking.
Women help organize the food and run the kitchen.
Women help out at each other's festivities by preparing their culinary specialties.
Women help support their families by weaving and selling traditional artisan goods.
Women help with the food production by catching freshwater fish and crabs from rivers.
Women help women.
Women helping to empower women is are our motto.
Women Helping Women Create Better Lives.
Women here are so slender.
Women here are tending seedlings.
Women here are the independent type.
Women here are very vulnerable - more so than in West Africa.
Women here have a family based identity.
Women here have a new plan to break into the boys club of national politics.
Women here think they're protected by having one partner.
Women here wear strappy sandals with everything and no stockings.
Women here work too hard.
Women hesitate before drinking a glass of wine or taking an aspirin during pregnancy.
Women hesitate to act because of fear of losing their children.
Women hesitate to borrow money for advanced study.
Women hide almost everything from themselves and each other.
Women hide behind parked cars, dart into alleyways, hastily throw on chadors to cover their faces.
Women hike past carrying baskets filled with cassava.
Women hock the family silver with gold merchants to get their hands on some ready cash.
Women hoeing strawberries, ca.
Women hold a record number of positions in state as well as federal government.
Women hold a variety of views on everything from getting more money to spending it.
Women hold achievement records in our company.
Women hold all types of jobs, from agricultural to industrial to the services sector.
Women hold an enormous stake in the future of animal research in medicine.
Women hold as much responsibility.
Women hold babies.
Women hold breaths.
Women hold diverse visions of the political, social and economic makeup of the ideal community.
Women hold doors for other women, women hold doors for men even.
Women hold few leadership positions.
Women hold few parliamentary seats or senior government posts.
Women hold grudges far longer than men.
Women hold hands.
Women hold jobs at the bottom of the pay scale.
Women hold jobs.
Women hold key positions in writing, editing and presenting other important parts of the paper.
Women hold less then one percent of the world's wealth.
Women hold many leadership roles in the church.
Women hold many roles in our society.
Women hold many roles in society but our focus today is women in leadership roles.
Women hold mirrors.
Women hold old year babies.
Women hold out their hand to the poor.
Women hold pans.
Women hold positions of power in the retail trade.
Women hold positions.
Women hold roles.
Women hold senior level management positions in a wide array of health care organizations.
Women hold sixteen seats.
Women hold stocks longer.
Women hold the central place in Wicca.
Women hold the top five government positions in the state of Arizona.
Women hold together our families, our communities, our societies.
Women hold up half the sky but get most of the rain.
Women hold up half the sky.
Women Hold Up Half the Sky.
Women Hold Up Half the Sound.
Women hold up so much more.
Women hold values.
Women holding a masculine weapon in their hands is as dangerous as exciting.
Women holding guns are especially prized.
Women honor the engineers of such consequences.
Women however earn less than men at every level of education, according to the report.
Women however tend to find men of average size to be most attractive.
Women hug each other.
Women hunker at the cooking fires.
Women identify more strongly with their original group than do men.
Women identify themselves through their men and usually get introduced as someone's girl.
Women ignore their mothers' lessons on how a lady appears in public.
Women immediately run away if their man is hurt or disabled and look for a new man.
Women impact Jewish political power.
Women improve confidence.
Women incorporate suggestions.
Women increasingly cover their heads.
Women increasingly hold administrative posts but are underrepresented in politics.
Women increasingly hold positions in the health and education sectors.
Women increasingly takes on more stressful jobs than they did in the past.
Women increasingly work in the less paid, less valued sectors of the economy.
Women indicate that they are vulnerable to sexual advances from men who are themselves in recovery.
Women indulge in making all kinds of sweets and children enjoy themselves with fireworks.
Women indulge in making all kinds of sweets and the children enjoy themselves with fireworks.
Women influence the course of things, and their actions are constitutive of post-war societies.
Women inherently practice what is now understood as an effective management style.
Women inherit only half of what men do.
Women inherit property through their mother's clan.
Women inherit the ancestral rice and farm lands along with the houses of the older women.
Women initiate most incidents of domestic violence.
Women initiate most incidents of family violence.
Women initiate most incidents of spousal violence.
Women initiate the break up of dating and marriages more often than men.
Women inmates didn t remain overnight.
Women inside represent the condition of all women in society.
Women insist on using the lightest concealer.
Women inspire poetry, great works of art, and many of the great achievements of humankind.
Women instead look for signs that a man is relationship material.
Women instinctively continue to face each other or a man.
Women instrumentalist in jazz.
Women intensify their efforts in homestead production and seek non-farm production options.
Women interact with family planning programs only briefly and infrequently.
Women internalize anger by absorbing guilt and blame meant for others with whom they're angry.
Women internalize critical, rejecting messages about their bodies involuntarily.
Women internalize misogyny and take it out on themselves and each other.
Women internalize negative feedback.
Women internalize the belief that they are inferior.
Women internally are very realistic.
Women interpret pornography in different ways.
Women interrupt men more frequently than men interrupt women.
Women interrupt others more than men.
Women intrinsically understand that intimacy is built by communication.
Women intuitively feel the needs of others and expect men to do the same.
Women intuitively know when their husbands are home.
Women intuitively understand.
Women invariably lose out because they often time out to look after a family.
Women inventors organizations.
Women invest in other women.
Women invest more conservatively and trade stocks less often.
Women invite rape by acting or dressing seductively.
Women invite rape by dressing or acting seductively.
Women invite rape by dressing seductively.
Women invite sexual harassment by their behavior and dress.
Women involved in microloans often vote in higher numbers and run for public office themselves.
Women involved in sports also can develop lifelong friendships with other women.
Women itch, swell, and turn red.
Women japanese xxx web a asian teen porno.
Women jog alone, people have picnics, etc.
Women join free.
Women join husbands.
Women join pastoral staffs.
Women join solidarity groups to guarantee each other's loans, and provide support to each other.
Women join sororities for different reasons.
Women just are at the mercy of their hormones.
Women just begin to help each other out and the relationship is cemented over time.
Women just choose to major in such things very often.
Women just come back late.
Women just do different things with their money for different reasons.
Women just go right on cooking.
Women just go to socialize and be with their friends.
Women just have an early advantage, which they lose after menopause.
Women just have to lie back and take it.
Women just have to persevere.
Women just have to yak.
Women just know and men try to know.
Women just pick different topics.
Women just play the game differently than men do.
Women just seem to be overloaded.
Women just seem to naturally know how to cry.
Women just use it for their makeup.
Women just watch sports while drinking wine in a clean atmosphere.
Women keep a large container of water for cooking and cleaning dishes.
Women keep drifting in, setting up cots and gradually falling to sleep.
Women keep in touch with relations far more than men do.
Women keep modifying or enhancing their public dress in ways that press the limits of the hejab.
Women keep skirts knee-length.
Women keep the circle intact.
Women keep the Jewish people alive.
Women keep their caps on always.
Women keep their faces covered with a traditional mask and veil even when they are in labor.
Women keep their hair long, coiled at the back.
Women keep their maiden names after marriage.
Women keep their own family names after marriage.
Women keep their own names even if they marry.
Women keep three different shampoos and two different conditioners in the shower.
Women kill both women and men.
Women kill boys and are acquitted.
Women kill their unborn babies by the millions every year.
Women kiss and caress each other through clothing.
Women kiss and stroke the old mulberry tree.
Women kiss on both cheeks when greeting each other.
Women kiss on the cheeks when they meet.
Women kiss on the right cheek only.
Women kissing women is hot.
Women kneel down and touch their foreheads to the ground.
Women kneel with thighs together.
Women know .
Women know a better way to claim the bird's freedom.
Women know and view things differently than men.
Women know and want to use the female condom.
Women know best how to create.
Women know best.
Women know everything.
Women know how little such purely superficial values are worth.
Women know how to be girlfriends, how to giggle and let loose and still be sophisticated.
Women know how to delegate such matters so that the guilty can clearly be identified later.
Women know how to get the most for their money They know how to comfort a sick friend.
Women know how to make popcorn.
Women know how to nurture peace.
Women know how to suffer.
Women know how to use jumper cables, coach soccer and teach sons how to sew on their own buttons.
Women know how to wait here.
Women know how to wait.
Women know it.
Women know less about investing and finances.
Women know less than men about political issues, economics, and current events.
Women know more about non-hierarchical organisation from the inside.
Women know more about non-hierarchical organization from the inside.
Women know much more about local politics than men do.
Women know rape happens.
Women know that health and wellbeing in later life starts with care and concern in childhood.
Women know that human exchange makes all the difference.
Women know that if they are openly sexual, they run the risk of being raped or murdered.
Women know that knowledge is power.
Women know that life has nothing to rival a male's ready instinct for mastery.
Women know that now they have to rely on themselves for securing their families' well-being.
Women know that the economy affects their daily lives and shapes their family's future.
Women know that their clan identities are an artifice.
Women know that they are measured by both sexes largely on their looks.
Women know that well.
Women know that.
Women know the benefits of retail therapy.
Women know the location, reliability and quality of local water resources.
Women know the score.
Women know their issues and they vote on their issues.
Women know their little emery boards really work.
Women know their place and accept it, readily.
Women know they are pregnant.
Women know they can achieve whatever they want.
Women know they have much to contribute to society and much to gain.
Women know they have to gather their strengths if they choose to become mothers.
Women know they look huge, less attractive and feel miserable when they are pregnant.
Women know things.
Women know what girls want in a game.
Women know what it's like.
Women know what men want.
Women know what women want.
Women know when and how they want to become pregnant.
Women know when men orgasm.
Women know when men watch their breasts.
Women know when they are being disrespected.
Women know when they see a bunch of guys together that they are on the prowl.
Women know where it lives but they can let it alone.
Women know women.
Women lack basic necessities and are denied equal access to economic resources.
Women lack collective credibility, contextual credibility, and consequential credibility.
Women lack economic and political equality.
Women lack equal access to qualified jobs and career paths.
Women lack family support.
Women lack financial networks.
Women lack mentors and role models.
Women lack power and status and feel ashamed because they arewomen.
Women lack power relative to men.
Women lack role models and mentors.
Women lack role models for their leadership.
Women lack self-control.
Women lack the capacity to make decisions User groups and management committees are male dominated.
Women lack the sense of humour to a large extent.
Women lacking the hormone have a more difficult time becoming pregnant.
Women lag behind but the result is at lower significance.
Women lag behind men in education, technological training, access to credit, and land ownership.
Women laugh more than men do unless more men are around.
Women laugh more wildly around male strangers, but men laugh most with their buddies.
Women lead a hard life.
Women lead all the rest.
Women lead by example.
Women lead health cover surge.
Women lead in the workforce.
Women lead national political parties in Germany, France, Mexico, New Zealand, even Slovakia.
Women lead out a double with men following.
Women lead through men and cast back.
Women lead to discoveries.
Women leak so much.
Women lean out of their boyfriend's cars to stare.
Women learn best through a narrative filled with interesting details.
Women learn differently from men and they react differently when men are present.
Women learn early in life how to turn men off.
Women learn flyfishing faster than men.
Women learn how to be women from their mothers and from society at large, including advertising.
Women learn how to construct hands-on electronics projects and solve industrial problems.
Women learn how to develop a customized nutritional, herbal or natural hormone program.
Women learn how to help themselves.
Women learn how to lead Christian lives as single women in today's society.
Women learn how to prepare meals and receive training in nutrition in the community kitchen.
Women learn how to sway, to move their hips to help relieve pressure.
Women learn languages more quickly than men.
Women learn leadership skills through practice, beginning with their educational experience.
Women Learn more about finding people by interest.
Women learn new skills.
Women learn shooting differently than men, says an expert instructor.
Women learn simple coping strategies for labor, including focused breathing.
Women learn the art of embroidery at six or seven and continue embroidering well into old age.
Women learn to accept it and believe that it's okay.
Women learn to be fearful and defensive.
Women learn to be passive, nurturing, accepting and compliant.
Women learn to channel a fright response into a fight response.
Women learn to conserve materials during the war.
Women learn to live more wholesome lives by sharing feelings.
Women learn to mother by being mothered, as infants themselves and also specifically during labor.
Women Learn to Sail.
Women learn to speak by modeling themselves after other women whom they imitate.
Women learn to speak in sports metaphors as many men do.
Women learn to test their blood sugar four or more times daily and test their urine for ketones.
Women learn to unleash their power and untame their souls.
Women learn to weigh choices and make dicisions in new subject areas.
Women learn to work together with changing group dynamics.
Women learn what a lump feels like.
Women leave and rejoin the work force more frequently than men.
Women leave here and they never know our organizational stance.
Women leave high school with better scholastic records and stronger interests in higher education.
Women leave houses.
Women leave science and engineering careers twice as frequently as men.
Women leave stage, going back to left.
Women leave the bright, garish nail polish for casual occasions.
Women leave the job, or talk to friends, or take it to the courts.
Women leave the outside world to the men, generally remaining in the home.
Women leave the room to fart.
Women leave the training night with insight, practice, and a support network.
Women leave their caps in place throughout the ceremony.
Women lie about being raped, especially when hey accuse men they date or other acquaintances.
Women lie about being raped, especially when they accuse men they date or other acquaintances.
Women lie about being sexually assaulted, often because they feel guilty about having sex.
Women lie about rape as an act of revenge or guilt.
Women lie around the music for enjoy kenneth cole shoes.
Women lie squeezed side by side on the two beds that stand against opposite walls.
Women like for men to express love and affection.
Women like mammals.
Women like to appraise their figures while wearing thick bathrobes.
Women like to be a man's last romance.
Women like to be acknowledged by the employees in the club.
Women like to be agents for change.
Women like to be roughed up a bit.
Women like to be surrounded by pretty things.
Women like to carry too many cosmetics and men too few.
Women like to conquer without fighting.
Women like to co-operate, men love to compete.
Women like to discuss all sides of the issue, to let everyone have their say.
Women like to do the best for their growing baby, and want to know immediately what changes to make.
Women like to expose themselves to men who drive trucks.
Women like to feel they belong to a group, a team which is making the world a better place.
Women like to go out in groups.
Women like to have nice long hair, it is their crowning glory.
Women like to hear about weddings, births, style changes, and occasionally appreciate a recipe.
Women like to hear what to do to please a guy too.
Women like to inhabit clean environments.
Women like to know why people did what they did.
Women like to laugh and men like sports.
Women like to learn by figuring it out, then doing.
Women like to look at it., like to see it, and don t mind being in it.
Women like to look at men.
Women like to look at the pictures.
Women like to nurture.
Women like to own their own home.
Women like to see people they know at events.
Women like to see what they look like.
Women like to take walks in their evening gowns.
Women like to talk and to unburden themselves.
Women like to talk pretty much about everyone else.
Women like to talk.
Women like to think of themselves as gentle, sweet, nurturing, and sensitive.
Women like to think.
Women like to touch it, run their fingers through it, braid it, etc.
Women like to view all sorts of naked bodies.
Women like to wear earrings, bracelets and necklaces made from glass beads.
Women like to work in teams.
Women limit caffeine intake.
Women limit intake.
Women limit sugar intake.
Women limit their uniqueness by describing the only areas in which to measure it.
Women line up at department stores to buy nylons, which replace flesh-colored silk stockings.
Women line up at the washing station, pumping their water supply for the day.
Women link love with sex more than men do.
Women live a few years longer on average.
Women live a little longer than men following the diagnosis of heart failure.
Women live an average of five to seven years longer then men.
Women live an average of seven years longer than men.
Women live an average of six years longer than men.
Women live an average of six years longer than their spouses.
Women live five to ten years longer than men.
Women live in a more dangerous world than men.
Women live in a state of torture in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
Women live in areas.
Women live in cities.
Women live in climates.
Women live in communities.
Women live in continuous fear of rape.
Women live in fear of their lives for the slighest misbehavior.
Women live in fear of their lives for the slightest misbehavior.
Women live in fear of their lives for the slightest misbehaviour.
Women live in fear ot their lives for the slightest misbehavior.
Women live in fear.
Women live in houses.
Women live in humid climates.
Women live in neighborhoods.
Women live in same areas.
Women live in urban areas.
Women live longer and earn less.
Women live longer and healthier lives at older ages than men.
Women live longer than men and average more years of ill health late in life.
Women live longer than men and so make up a majority of the elderly.
Women live longer than men because they are girls longer than men are boys.
Women live longer than men by an average of seven years.
Women live longer than men do.
Women live longer than men, and average more years of ill health late in life.
Women live longer than men, and that's a fact.
Women live longer than men, but average more years of ill-health late in life.
Women live longer than men, but have more physical disability in each age group.
Women live longer than men, earn less money and re-enter the workforce more often.
Women live longer than men, so there are more senior women.
Women live longer than men, so they tend inherit money.
Women live longer than men.
Women live longer then men.
Women live longer, retire younger, and have less money with which to do it.
Women live longer, tend to work fewer years, and get paid less.
Women live longer.
Women live much longer than men, and therefore their share in the older age groups is very high.
Women live on average seven years longer than men and retire with dramatically fewer savings.
Women live on average seven years more than men.
Women live on Guild floors two, three and four, and Memorial four.
Women live on memories.
Women live on separate floors, but men and women thus are only a staircase away from temptation.
Women live on the second floor and men on the first.
Women live on the second floor, while men live on the third floor.
Women live on the third and fourth floors, while men occupy the first floor.
Women live on the top floor and men on the bottom two floors.
Women live on the top two floors and men live on floors one and two.
Women live on their own, with the elderly and children.
Women live one or two years longer.
Women live their whole lives by rhythm.
Women live, on average, one-third of their lives past menopause.
Women lives years longer and a lot of it can be attributed to seeking health care appropriately.
Women living in poverty face many challenges to becoming independent and self-reliant.
Women living in regional towns generally have good access to a range of services.
Women living in the Southern United States are most apt to be uninsured.
Women living in Western Europe have a much higher standard of living than women in Eastern Europe.
Women living on farms are prone to depression.
Women living with schizophrenia are amongst the most stigmatized and marginalized in our society.
Women log on The survey also found online use among women reaching that of men.
Women look at each other like they're smelling onions.
Women look at it the way they'd look at an annoying policeman.
Women look at men's bodies, too, but they are usually more subtle.
Women look at price tags and study the product packaging in the store.
Women look at that figure now and hate it.
Women look at war very differently from men.
Women look chic in the latest of gold and black fashion.
Women look especially feminine, especially to men, in blue-green.
Women look for a way to connect.
Women look for men and men look for women for love, security, sex and relationships.
Women look for quality products, quality service and a quality relationship.
Women look for usefulness and practicality, things they can use in their daily lives.
Women look good in sweaters.
Women look great in trousers.
Women look great naked.
Women look nice when they wear jewelery.
Women look nice when they wear jewellery.
Women look nice when they wear jewelry.
Women look out for only themselves.
Women look ridiculous even in boxing gloves.
Women look up from their backyard washing and wave.
Women looking for information on what to wear have a wide variety of places to look.
Women looking for work after years on welfare are often in the market for a good, sturdy bra.
Women looking to become self-employed are welcome to attend information meetings.
Women looking to work abroad are in a very difficult situation.
Women loooove men that can cook.
Women lose an average of three pounds a week, men an average of five.
Women lose blood naturally through menstruation.
Women lose blood with menstrual flow once a month.
Women lose bone mass faster when they reach menopause.
Women lose bone mass more rapidly than men.
Women lose considerably less time and have fewer injuries.
Women lose freedom too.
Women lose hair differently than men.
Women lose husbands.
Women lose iron during their monthly cycles.
Women lose it through menstruation, and men through ejaculation.
Women lose more of the hippocampus and parietal lobes which control visual recognition and memory.
Women lose more years of life, on average, than men, as they are infected earlier.
Women lose much of their glory when they cut their hair.
Women lose normal estrogen when they go through menopause, but smoking is the great equalizer.
Women lose pounds.
Women lose pubic and underarm hair, and stop having normal menstrual periods.
Women lose so much during that window of time, and so often they don t even realize it.
Women lose the egalitarian relationship.
Women lose the protective effects of estrogen.
Women lose the right to vote in Massachusetts.
Women lose the right to vote in New Hampshire.
Women lose the right to vote in New Jersey, the last state to revoke the right.
Women lose their breasts, some women end up in a wheelchair.
Women lose their husbands, their fathers, their sons in combat.
Women lose tight match as team improves The Michigan women's tennis team needed a change.
Women lose to Minnesota on road trip .
Women lounge in various states of undress, talking, laughing and smoking the occasional cigarette.
Women love a little pampering.
Women love a man who can cook.
Women love a man who has a certain level of refinement.
Women love a self-confident bald man.
Women love a true gentlemen.
Women love assertive men.
Women love blowjobs too.
Women love buying free-sized legging and socks .
Women love buying free-sized legging and socks.
Women love cats.
Women love cats.
Women love childen.
Women love chocolate.
Women love competition and they love a good story.
Women love compliments.
Women love confidence.
Women love distinguishing detail, and small unexpected twists flavor a dress and make it special.
Women love dogs.
Women love each other, but men make women to hate each other.
Women love flamers.
Women love flowers.
Women love good men.
Women love gorgeous jewelry.
Women love guys who can tie knots.
Women love having trustworthy male counterparts.
Women love husbands.
Women love intimacy.
Women love it and men say it's full of things they never understood before.
Women love it because it makes it so much easier to slide in and out of a car while wearing a coat.
Women Love it or hate it, women's boxing appears here to stay.
Women love it, and that's really all that matters.
Women love it.
Women love jewelry.
Women love jewelry.
Women love kids.
Women love laying there and getting pounded in the same position for hours at a time.
Women love lesbians.
Women love maturity, stability and success.
Women love men in uniform.
Women love men who feel as comfortable on a baseball field as they do in a tuxedo.
Women love men who know how to take care of themselves.
Women love money.
Women love more.
Women love mystery.
Women Love Once.
Women love our pads because they are like no other.
Women love pasty faced men with mismatched eyes and feeble constitutions.
Women love portable computing but hate lugging around laptops.
Women love romance.
Women love sappy songs.
Women love seeing men on it, too.
Women love sisters.
Women love talking.
Women love that stuff.
Women love that.
Women love the bad boy.
Women love the creativity of learning new things.
Women love the exhilaration, but have paid a heavy price .
Women love the female condom.
Women love the male penis.
Women love the real thing.
Women love the social interaction inherent in group travel.
Women love the soft caring caress of their lovers.
Women love the way it makes their nails look.
Women love their children as much as men do.
Women love thinking about grandchildren.
Women love to add guidance and meaning to a lost guy's life.
Women love to be complimented by their date and on their appearance.
Women love to be flattered.
Women love to be friends with male HSPs, but want to date and marry non-HSPs.
Women love to be raped.
Women love to be treated like a lady.
Women love to buy for themselves.
Women love to date assholes.
Women love to explore departments, stores, and malls.
Women love to express feelings.
Women love to feel special.
Women love to go out to eat afterward.
Women love to have a support group at work and at their personal lives.
Women love to look feminine and take great pride in their appearance.
Women love to lose themselves in effect.
Women love to love musicians, and men musicians love to be loved.
Women love to see men dressed in teal.
Women love to see their men suffer - it's so romantic.
Women love to share experiences, stay involved and they want to make the world a better place.
Women love to shop.
Women love to take self-tests.
Women love to talk on the phone.
Women love to talk.
Women love to think.
Women love villains.
Women love wearing jewelry, especially anklets and bracelets.
Women love, men lust.
Women lust and kill.
Women maintain balance diets.
Women maintain diets.
Women maintain healthy target weight.
Women maintain healthy weight.
Women maintain higher levels until they reach menopause, then their hGH production rapidly declines.
Women maintain the crops, sell the food, care for the children.
Women maintain weight.
Women make a beeline for the interior design.
Women make a big deal out of a two-minute hand job.
Women make a considerable proportion of the programmers India exports to the world.
Women make a large and generally unrecognized contribution to the economy.
Women make a lot of sacrifices, such as to their children and husband . . .
Women make a new world.
Women make an appointment for the annual exam at the seminar.
Women make and wear traditional clothing, and families build wooden houses in the traditional style.
Women make appearances.
Women make arrangements.
Women Make Art.
Women make better bosses, new study finds.
Women make better officers than men do .
Women make bread dough.
Women make calculations.
Women make charitable bequests to religious organizations at almost twice the rate as men.
Women make choices all the time.
Women make choices.
Women make choices.
Women make dietary choices.
Women make different choices.
Women make different dietary choices.
Women make discoveries.
Women make dough.
Women make effort.
Women make every university stronger.
Women make extra effort.
Women make fabulous senators, soldiers, and astronauts.
Women make fine programmers, artists, producers, designers, and testers.
Women make for much more interesting conversation than men, see.
Women make gods uptight.
Women make good engineers because they are so patient.
Women make good officers because they are so good under pressure.
Women make great book rests.
Women make great contributions to their families' well-being.
Women make great leads.
Women make individual spikes out of circular flow.
Women make it hotter.
Women make less than men because men keep women out of the high-paying positions.
Women make life better for women.
Women make little appearance during the war except as victims.
Women make lousy contestants.
Women make lousy drivers.
Women make love for love, men make love for lust.
Women make men look .
Women make milk.
Women make more moves than men because of their longer life expectancy.
Women make more nonfatal suicide attempts than do men.
Women make more office visits, but are given fewer additional tests.
Women make one third more noise than men.
Women make outstanding merchandise buyers, because women know what women like to buy.
Women make poor decisions every day.
Women make progress.
Women make quilts for weddings, babies, friendship and as fund-raisers.
Women make rational calculations.
Women make small bilums for their close male relatives.
Women make snares and do butchering.
Women make sound.
Women make surprise discoveries.
Women make the appointments.
Women make the best men.
Women make the best store detectives.
Women make the best wives.
Women Make the Difference.
Women make the health care decisions.
Women make the journey with others.
Women make the more delicate fancy baskets, interweaving splints and sweetgrass.
Women make the most health care decisions in the family.
Women Make the most out of working from home.
Women make the purchasing decisions in the family and therefore have power.
Women make the same five voluntary dives, but only five optional dives.
Women make the world a much happier place to live.
Women make the worst drivers.
Women make their own living nowadays.
Women make their own money and they want to be savvy shoppers.
Women make things last.
Women make three-quarters of all the household decisions about where health care dollars are spent.
Women make two attempts at the vault, with the results averaged to establish a score.
Women make two to three times as many attempts as men, but men actually succeed more often.
Women make up a growing percentage of the student body, too.
Women make up a huge audience for ads.
Women make up a large percentage of the workforce in the industry.
Women make up a large share of workers in the informal sector.
Women make up a majority of the Canadian population.
Women make up a majority of the older population.
Women make up a majority of the population and require more health care throughout their lives.
Women make up a quarter of the class, the highest percentage of any academy in recent memory.
Women make up a substantial majority of people working on the land in developing countries.
Women make up about a quarter of the institute's students.
Women make up almost half the immigrant population in Europe.
Women make up approximately half the human race.
Women make up even larger shares of young professionals.
Women make up half of our entering law school class.
Women make up half of the world.
Women make up half or more of the populations of our countries.
Women make up half the enrollment of mainline Protestant institutions.
Women make up half the world's population.
Women make up more than half of the population.
Women make up most of the senior population.
Women make up nearly half of all international migrants, and three in four refugees.
Women make up nearly half the auto racing audience, both on television and trackside.
Women make up one half of the student body in institutions of higher education.
Women make up only thirty-four percent of the high school sports population.
Women make up over half of Australia's population.
Women make up over half of the workforce.
Women make up roughly half of all ram press users in Tanzania.
Women make up roughly half of the workforce.
Women make up the bulk of part-time workers, but recent growth has been in full time jobs.
Women make up the fastest-growing group of new business owners in the United States.
Women make up the largest percentage of the elderly poor today.
Women make up the majority as writer of song lyrics and singers on the soundtrack.
Women make up the majority of casual workers.
Women make up the majority of full-time students in most university departments.
Women make up the majority of Pennsylvania's elderly and their numbers are increasing.
Women make up the majority of the crowd.
Women make up the majority of the rural population.
Women make up the majority, including the top national position.
Women make up the other singers.
Women make up the vast majority of primary school teachers in Central America.
Women make up the vast majority of recipients using the spousal benefit provision.
Women make up the vast majority of victims of relationship and sexual violence.
Women make up thirty-two percent of each class.
Women make very good sushi chefs.
Women make water standing, men sitting.
Women make wine, they own wineries and they market wine.
Women making adoption plans often come from higher socioeconomic backgrounds .
Women manage family affairs by default.
Women manage major corporations and men do diapers.
Women manage smaller areas of land than do the family or their husbands.
Women manage the consequences of small arms proliferation on a daily basis.
Women manage the finances and take care of the children.
Women manage the household, and fieldwork and men are very much in the background.
Women manage their own health more aggressively than men.
Women manage to catch America s attention.
Women manufacture about one-seventh the amount of testosterone each day that men do.
Women manufacture approximately one-seventh of the amount of testosterone each day that men do.
Women manufacture bombs, tanks, ships and airplanes.
Women marry because they are curious.
Women marry husbands.
Women marry up, which means men are compelled to marry down.
Women marry young and have large families.
Women marry younger and live longer, and so are more often left alone in life.
Women massage women and men scrub men, each in their separate sections of the bath.
Women masturbate themselves.
Women mathematicians .
Women Mathematicians Hundreds of articles on women mathematicians.
Women mathematicians, some historic ones, and some alive and active ones.
Women matter more today than any previous election in history.
Women mature much faster than men.
Women may have care.
Women may have conditions.
Women may have difficulty.
Women may have diseases.
Women may have learn difficulty.
Women may have prenatal care.
Women may have problems.
Women may have slight difficulty.
Women may have slight learn difficulty.
Women may have tissue.
Women mean big business.
Women measure around fullest part of bust.
Women measure the abdomen, right thigh and right forearm.
Women meet and greet on the walls of two area museums.
Women meet at the Bride's room.
Women meet at the church for an in-depth study of faith.
Women meet in African gazebo.
Women meet men.
Women meet monthly to talk about how great it is to check their wallets at the door of marriage.
Women meet once a month to minister and encourage one another.
Women meet to study and discuss a variety of traditional Jewish texts, focusing on a single issue.
Women meet together to talk, to make a craft, . . .
Women meet under a arbor of flowers and fruit to exchange candy molded like children.
Women memorize a vertical pattern of examining every possible inch of their breast tissue.
Women mention transportation and cost difficulties, scheduling problems, and motivational issues.
Women merely have their customs.
Women metabolize alcohol at different rates at different times in their menstrual cycles.
Women metabolize alcohol more quickly than men.
Women metabolize alcohol more slowly than men because they make less gastric alcohol dehydrogenase.
Women metabolize alcohol more slowly than men.
Women migrate more often than men.
Women mindlessly try to dig the ground with their fingers.
Women mistrust conventional medicine.
Women moan and groan about it every day.
Women moan uncontrollably when giving a blowjob.
Women mostly embezzle for family needs, and men for gambling losses or living beyond their means.
Women mostly rob women, men rob men.
Women mostly use tweezers for shaping eyebrows and removing facial hair.
Women mostly work in the summer time by planting new little trees and taking care of all plants.
Women mostly work to produce a variety of clay pots, earthenware bowls and water jugs.
Women motorcyclists organization.
Women move about more freely and feel less restrained from walking outside unaccompanied by a man.
Women move behind the veil of marriage, of motherhood, of domesticity.
Women Move Beyond Violence.
Women move ecumenism.
Women move from their father s home to their husband s home to their in-laws home.
Women move on campus.
Women move slowly and sedately, as if on wheels.
Women move the mouse around more, even if a scroll wheel is available.
Women move their waists and arms more.
Women move up in the ranks as steadily as men.
Women mpegs dreams go to young naked.
Women murmur among themselves.
Women naturally are inclined to feelings of compassion, warmth and service.
Women naturally have a greater percentage of bodyfat in essential bodyfat.
Women naturally have a mental advantage in a sport that rewards intuitive, improvisational play.
Women naturally have more body fat than men.
Women naturally have more problems than men.
Women naturally produce testosterone which, in part, controls sexual desire.
Women navigate by landmarks and visual memories.
Women need adequate proteins.
Women need assistance.
Women need calcium.
Women need calories.
Women need daily prenatal vitamins.
Women need daily vitamins.
Women need milligrams.
Women need more calories.
Women need nutrients.
Women need personal assistance.
Women need prenatal vitamins.
Women need protein calories.
Women need proteins.
Women need stimulation.
Women need toilets.
Women need treatments.
Women need vitamins.
Women never check to see if the lid is up.
Women never come to the trading posts.
Women never do housework, but their homes are always clean.
Women never do.
Women never expect any insult from men.
Women never figure into the genealogies of biblical times.
Women never forget their birth experiences and typically remember even minute details.
Women never get chatty with men who are fatty.
Women never grow from the moment they enter the lesbian world.
Women never harass.
Women never have anything to wear.
Women never have that problem.
Women never have the right thing to wear already handing in their wardrobe.
Women never have young minds.
Women never know when to shut up.
Women never lie about sexual harassment.
Women never owe sexual payment or deserve sexual assault.
Women never pass directly to monks.
Women never play second fiddle.
Women never remove the cap.
Women never retire at all, regardless of where they live.
Women never seem to grow up.
Women never talk about tungsten arc welding, though they talk about everything else.
Women never thinks to clonk villain with handy object.
Women never understand why men love toys.
Women newly diagnosed with breast cancer face a variety of treatment options.
Women normally decorate their homes for other aesthetic reasons.
Women normally do the household chores, but they work in the fields during planting and harvesting.
Women normally dominate agriculture and food preparation, which centers on bitter manioc.
Women normally have hair on their calves.
Women normally have two genes for blood clotting, one on each X chromosome.
Women normally have two ovaries.
Women normally maintain their original surnames after marriage.
Women normally pay routine visits to their natal home.
Women normally produce male hormones called androgens.
Women notice however the reluctance to meet one's eyes or the nervous hand movement.
Women notice shoes.
Women notice smallerand perhaps more preciousmoments.
Women notice things like dirty or long fingernails and toenails.
Women now account for nearly half of all new lung cancer cases.
Women now account for over half the student body.
Women now allow their instinctual reactions to sexual attraction freer rein.
Women now can go into other jobs.
Women now compete in all Olympic sports except boxing and wrestling.
Women now compete with men on an equal basis in the job market.
Women now comprise more than half of the world's Internet surfers.
Women now comprise nearly half of all law school classes and a third of most medical school classes.
Women now comprise over half the work force and over half the students in colleges.
Women now consider sex to be part of their femininity and honor their sexuality.
Women now constitute a significant proportion of matriculants at most major academic institutions.
Women now constitute more than half of the migrant population worldwide.
Women now constitute over thirty three percent of the global work force.
Women now control the money on the Internet.
Women now devote fewer years to primary care of children, while living longer.
Women now dye their hair blond and wear pedal pushers.
Women now enjoy the same pension rights as their male colleagues.
Women now expect to be mothers and have a career.
Women now fill only nine percent of all engineering positions.
Women now form a vital segment of the skilled workforce.
Women now form almost one third of the workforce, increasingly in managerial positions.
Women now get going at any age.
Women now have a life expectancy of more than eighty years.
Women now have a say.
Women now have a simpler, less invasive option.
Women now have as equal an opportunity as men in the workplace.
Women now have choices.
Women now have control over their bodies.
Women now have equal access to credit.
Women now have greater access to credit and capital than ever before.
Women now have many jobs to handle.
Women now have more career opportunities than ever.
Women now have more choices when faced with the possibility of having a hysterectomy.
Women now have more participation opportunities and improved facilities in the sports arena.
Women now have several options available for early diagnosis and prevention of breast cancer.
Women now have the opportunity to go abroad and play in Japan and make some good money.
Women now have the same divorce and inheritance rights as men.
Women now have the same opportunities as men do concerning sports.
Women now have the same right as men to control their property.
Women now have wider choices, and can make key decisions about their own lives.
Women now hold six of the seventeen dean or directorships of colleges and other major units.
Women now lead men in Net use by a few tenths of a percentage point.
Women now learn martial arts, ride horses in mixed clubs and drive automobiles.
Women now live longer.
Women now make up almost half of the workforce.
Women now make up half the online population.
Women now make up the largest category of beginning and small farmers in the United States.
Women now make up well over half the undergraduate student body around the country.
Women now measure their identity by their careers, and family life is much weakened.
Women now outnumber men at universities, for example.
Women now outnumber men on the Web, and their numbers are growing faster.
Women now outnumber men when it comes to having a four-year college degree.
Women now play a more active role in public life.
Women now prefer to labour in garment factories than to work as domestic servants.
Women now profess to find that sort of idealization stultifying and ultimately imprisoning.
Women now receive about half of all bachelor's and master's degrees.
Women now represent a majority of students.
Women now represent the majority of new entrepreneurs.
Women now seem to have more opportunity than ever to pursue their dreams.
Women now shoulder a heavy responsibility for both family and livelihood.
Women now snap up nearly half of all Ph.D.'s in many of the social and biological sciences.
Women now spend fully a third of their lives menopausal.
Women now take up around half of all further, higher education and university places.
Women now tend to work throughout their childbearing years.
Women now work in factories, shops, and airline offices.
Women now work more in the fields due to the introduction of cashcrops.
Women nowadays have to have a job.
Women nowadays represent a sizeable proportion of the workforce in Malaysia.
Women nurse their babies by the water.
Women objectify themselves as sex objects.
Women observe so well and write it down so badly.
Women obsess over the physical.
Women obtain land only as widows, daughters, and indirectly as wives.
Women obtain materials.
Women obtain the vote.
Women obviously have no control over several of the risk factors listed above.
Women occasionally go into labor and deliver a live baby.
Women occasionally reach high public office.
Women occupy a critical place in society.
Women occupy a dominant position among agricultural development actors.
Women occupy a position exempt from power.
Women occupy a stable fraction of the total population.
Women occupy a very important position in Bedouin society.
Women occupy and have the same opportunity to occupy all positions open to men.
Women occupy diverse positions in the armed forces.
Women occupy jobs that have less economic worth.
Women occupy less than five percent of judgeships.
Women occupy senior positions in the civil service, and have significant numbers in the professions.
Women offer a great resource and an excellent pool of potential future computer scientists.
Women offer a unique and valuable business perspective.
Women offer alms to the monks, prepare the meals in the temples and take care in the monasteries.
Women offer more concern.
Women offer tethered baby squirrels to curious onlookers.
Women offer theories.
Women offer to corn-row and bead tourists' hair.
Women offer trays of food which have been prayed over.
Women offer valuable contributions to the work of such committees, boards, and commissions.
Women offer water and help to the wounded.
Women offers many of the following workshops during each free ten-week session.
Women officially participate in the Olympics for the first time.
Women online can be Internet activists, or activists who use the Internet.
Women only get one base on a walk.
Women only have about one-tenth the amount of testosterone that men have.
Women only lose their hair post pregnancy or during menopause.
Women only mate with the best and dumbest football players.
Women only means lesbians.
Women only ovulate once a month, usually midway between two menstrual cycles.
Women only please.
Women only reach wage parity in the part-time arena where they outnumber men three to one.
Women only talk.
Women open doors.
Women open their fans.
Women open up more with other women.
Women operate one-third of the businesses.
Women operate under the pressures of having to constantly prove themselves as competent.
Women oppose discrimination in a variety of ways.
Women order a full size smaller than a regular shoe size.
Women order one size smaller .
Women order one size smaller.
Women organize against heavy drinking, sing militant songs.
Women organize and volunteer time, but men simply write a check.
Women organize literacy courses for other women in the community.
Women ought to learn from men.
Women outnumber men at the universities.
Women outnumber men by almost three to one.
Women outnumber men by anywhere from four to one to three to one, administrators say.
Women outnumber men in college.
Women outnumber men in newscasts as victims.
Women outnumber men in nursing homes according to studies.
Women outnumber men in retirement.
Women outnumber men in the baby-boom generation, and women, on average, outlive men by seven years.
Women outnumber men in the system.
Women outnumber men on college campuses.
Women outnumber men on the web in the United States of America'.
Women outnumber men, largely because of war deaths.
Women outperform men and soar into graduate school.
Women outperform men on almost every criterion for college admission.
Women overlook a lot of faults, but never an untrustworthy man.
Women overseas face an even greater challenge to planning their families.
Women owe a great debt of gratitude to the little black dress.
Women owe it to themselves, their husbands and most of all their child.
Women own about one-third of all nonfarm sole proprietorships.
Women own and manage shops, make hats, work in factories.
Women own business, from top level corporations down to home-based businesses.
Women own dogs.
Women own most property in Bhutan, from which they derive their status as equals to men.
Women own properties, businesses, and carry a bunch of credit cards.
Women paint meandering lines and animal-like markings on their children and themselves.
Women paint the barkcloths with their fingers and twigs.
Women paint their faces to look good to the man.
Women pair a knee-length skirt and sweater set with a leather flat.
Women panic and plan face lifts and silicone implantations.
Women parachute jump, that's safe too.
Women parade in Creole costume, carrying baskets brimming with island specialties.
Women participate extensively in street sweeping in some areas, particularly in Latin America.
Women participate freely in the political process.
Women participate fully in the production and marketing of maize and oilseeds.
Women participate higly on the labour market.
Women participate in activities.
Women participate in all aspects of religious activities.
Women participate in all athletic activities except boxing, football, and baseball.
Women participate in all but the wrestling category.
Women participate in basketball, cross-country, golf, riflery, softball, tennis, and volleyball.
Women participate in behavior.
Women participate in community radio but they are still marginalised.
Women participate in dance therapy, guided imagery, meditation, and yoga.
Women participate in local leadership only to a small degree.
Women participate in military medical and communication sectors.
Women participate in public life, especially in times of emergencies.
Women participate in science.
Women participate in self-help workshops and computer classes.
Women participate in self-help workshops while children enjoy the indoor and outdoor play areas.
Women participate in the caring for children and elderly as employees by the municipalities.
Women participate in the Rebekah Lodge.
Women participate in vigorous activities.
Women participate in volleyball, soccer, basketball, gymnastics, swimming, softball, crew, and golf.
Women participate in volleyball, soccer, basketball, softball, floor hockey, and flag football.
Women participate less in retirement plans.
Women participate on the boards and committees, and in administrative positions.
Women participate significantly, as both workers and entrepreneurs, in enterprises.
Women participate with men in collective dancing usually in wedding ceremonies.
Women participating in jazz is a relatively rare thing across the country.
Women particularly favour colour and prefer suitcases with wheels.
Women pass down stories.
Women pass hard stools.
Women pass stools.
Women pass through, carrying baskets or buckets, looking for a place to sit down.
Women pass water standing up, men sitting down.
Women pass with huge containers of water balanced magically on their heads.
Women patiently wipe away the marble dust that covers everything.
Women pay a high price.
Women pay a small amount and grants cover the rest of the costs.
Women pay a third of their income on rent or mortgage.
Women pay attention to cues of wealth and power, men pay attention to cues of health and youth.
Women pay attention to social concerns and the environment.
Women pay attention.
Women pay close attention.
Women pay half as much as men for admission in order to balance the gender ratio.
Women pay more for gender-specific items, too.
Women pay more, whether for dry cleaning or unnecessary operations.
Women pay severely for North America's leering punishment of their breasts.
Women pay special attention.
Women pay the highest price for globalisation and third world poverty.
Women perceive pelvic discomfort as part of their nature and lot in life.
Women perceive protection as a benefit of opposite-sex friendships.
Women perceive that men are groomed for leadership positions by older, male partners.
Women perceive themselves as being treated unfairly in the workplace.
Women perfect blonde pussies cybersex go to models can be pantyhose.
Women perform many rituals for healing and shamanic powers.
Women perform modified pull-ups and women have a different point structure for each test component.
Women perform most tasks unrelated to hunting and honey-gathering.
Women perform much of the world's labour and receive very little of the pay.
Women perform patrol tasks as well as men.
Women perform sex.
Women perform significant amounts of farm labor and almost all child-rearing.
Women perform songs.
Women perform two-thirds of the world's work.
Women performing native dances often wear the red amaranth flower as rouge.
Women physicians in leadership roles.
Women physicists perceptions of career progress.
Women pick up men in bars.
Women pick up the moves early.
Women pick up the paper for everything from counselors to kayaking to a place to live.
Women pick up their own matches.
Women pick who they have sex with.
Women pick, the men haul.
Women pilgrims wear simple cotton sari while men and boys wear dhoti and shawl.
Women pilgrims wore pieces of red cloth with their group names written in ink on their left arms.
Women place a higher premium on volunteering.
Women place a higher priority on most issues than do men.
Women place a higher value on developing a strong relationship with their agency.
Women place a huge economic, cultural, and social role in every part of American life.
Women place a much higher value on that bond than men do, generally.
Women place high expectations on themselves.
Women place more emphasis on the issues than men.
Women place more importance on affective relations in sex.
Women place somewhat more emphasis on love than do men.
Women plan holidays.
Women plan less frequently for retirement than men.
Women play a big part in deciding what men wear.
Women play a central part in the provision, management and safeguarding of water.
Women play a central role in broad based economic growth and agricultural development.
Women play a central role in moving our societies away from militarism.
Women play a crucial role both in food production and in household food management.
Women play a crucial role in food production and in food security generally.
Women play a decisive role in household and national food security, particularly in rural areas.
Women play a fundamental role in the management of dryland areas.
Women play a huge economic, cultural and social role in every part of American life.
Women play a key role in the lay ministry.
Women play a most important part in a man's conditioning.
Women play a much slower game than men do.
Women play a particularly transformative role.
Women play a pivotal role in securing and preparing food for the family.
Women play a pivotal role in securing their families' livelihoods.
Women play a prominent role in agricultural production.
Women play a role by privately influencing their male counterparts.
Women play a significant role in the book.
Women play a significant role in the rural economy.
Women play a similar type of game called camogie.
Women play a unique role in Somalia.
Women play a very important role in nomadic pastoral societies on the Tibetan Plateau.
Women play a very small part in Lebanese politics or public administration.
Women play a very small role in Yemen, usually only as mothers or wives.
Women play a vital and ever-increasing role in the construction industry.
Women play a vital role in achieving excellence.
Women play a vital role in the community.
Women play an active and important role in economic production in Vietnam today.
Women play an essential role in magic , as they do in all of our life.
Women play an important part.
Women play an important role as educators.
Women play an important role in creating peaceful societies and in finding alternatives to conflict.
Women play an important role in food production.
Women play an important role in market gardening and in the processing of milk products.
Women play an important role in the Aruban economy.
Women play an important role in the family, community and village life within our Samoan culture.
Women play an important role in water management.
Women play an increasing role in business.
Women play an increasingly important role today.
Women play an integral part in daily life.
Women play at most three sets compared to a man's maximum of five.
Women play bridge at lunch but are generally clothed.
Women play complex and crucial roles in impacting the lives of their children and societies.
Women play crucial roles in both films.
Women play diverse roles throughout Brazil depending upon geography religion and education.
Women play from red tees.
Women play from the Red tees.
Women play from the yellow tees.
Women play important roles.
Women play intercollegiate basketball and volleyball.
Women play key roles.
Women play leading roles in the new economy.
Women play men, men play women and just about anything goes.
Women play minor roles in many high-tech occupations.
Women play roles.
Women play single-chord violins called imzads , and men often play drums or wooden flutes.
Women play single-chord violins called imzads, and men often play drums or wooden flutes.
Women play subordinate roles as wives and mothers.
Women play the game at a remarkable level of proficiency.
Women play the major role in deciding to hire a lawn care service.
Women play the villains here and the main antagonist of the females is quite repugnant.
Women play to their strengths.
Women play traditional tunes on the rabana and sing along.
Women play varying roles in print and animated pornography.
Women play very smart.
Women play visible roles in student government.
Women playing male roles are uncommon in film, with notable exceptions.
Women plead for information regarding missing husbands, sons, and fathers.
Women plough as well as the men.
Women poets, American.
Women polaris replacement windows.
Women pose as men, men pose as women.
Women possess constitutional protections despite the influence of Islamic law.
Women possess the right, the responsibility, and the personal morality to choose abortion.
Women possess virtus only under certain circumstances.
Women possesss a greater capacity than men to bum fat.
Women pout when their men get stout.
Women practice a gentler use of power and have a greater interest in empowering others.
Women practice full-force defense techniques on heavily padded mock attackers.
Women pray for fertility here and the sick come to be healed.
Women pray for mangalya or married bliss and for the prosperity of children.
Women pray for the shawl recipients and each other as they knit.
Women predict lower peak earnings than men.
Women predominantly inhabit lower levels of the occupational hierarchy.
Women predominate in the part-time labour force.
Women predominate in the service part of the industry.
Women prefer a slow buildup.
Women prefer calling right away, before the problem mushrooms.
Women prefer candidates that talk about avoiding war.
Women prefer conference calls more than men do.
Women prefer fitness-related activities and men prefer outdoor sports.
Women prefer guile, cunning and craft.
Women prefer high-status men.
Women prefer men having chest hair and a particular body type.
Women prefer men to have a big penis.
Women prefer men who have a steady job, are dependable, and are emotionally stable.
Women prefer men with a tender side.
Women prefer partners.
Women prefer pastel colored roses, men on the other hand prefer red.
Women prefer planning advice slightly more than men.
Women prefer rich men over poor men when it comes to getting married.
Women prefer softer bouquets featuring shades of pink and lavender .
Women prefer strong cut calves.
Women prefer their male counterparts to drive they ride as passengers.
Women prefer their men dressed, except sometimes.
Women prefer to be part of a larger campaign rather than make isolated bequests.
Women prefer to develop their social life outside the home.
Women prefer to fund their use by legal means.
Women prefer to go diving in shorts and white t-shirts.
Women prefer to go to recently eslished victim support centers.
Women prefer to pamper themselves with hot baths.
Women prefer to sit face to face while they confide their innermost thoughts and secrets.
Women prefer to use the phone.
Women prefer to work outside the home.
Women prefer wax paper over chocolate.
Women prefer women.
Women prepare breakfast, sweep the yards and roads and get the children ready for school.
Women prepare dough.
Women prepare food for the evening, and men take care of the fire.
Women prepare food, care for the children, make baskets and pottery and transport water.
Women prepare meals and make ready the rushes for a night's rest.
Women prepare the dyes and paints from a variety of roots, fruits and leaves.
Women prepare the meals during the days of bereavement.
Women present an attractive means of transporting narcotics.
Women present one hundred percent of charges of torture, abandonment, sexual harassment and incest.
Women present their symptoms so much more differently than men do.
Women presently make more of the buying decisions than ever before in our history.
Women prevent the threads of life from being broken.
Women priests New imposters. .
Women primarily focus on the family, although they are found in nearly all areas of the work force.
Women printers in America's colonial times.
Women probably constitute the largest group of farmers who have developed agro-biodiversity.
Women probably have a more balanced approach.
Women procreate particularly through birth.
Women produce a hormone called androstenedione which comes from the adrenal gland.
Women produce a lot more of it than men.
Women produce a tenth of the testosterone that men produce.
Women produce children.
Women produce estrogen themselves from the follicles on their ovaries.
Women produce few but large eggs in the course of a year, while men produce millions of gametes.
Women produce growth hormones.
Women produce hormones.
Women produce improvement.
Women produce it too, both in their adrenal glands and their ovaries.
Women produce less heat on average than men.
Women produce less melanin.
Women produce less natural testosterone.
Women produce male hormones from the adrenal glands.
Women produce male hormones.
Women produce melanin.
Women produce much less estrogen after menopause.
Women produce offspring.
Women produce smell.
Women produce some testosterone just as men produce some estrogen.
Women produce the bulk of food in the world, but they eat the smallest portion of it.
Women produce varying levels of hCG despite similar gestational ages.
Women progress to alcoholism more quickly than men.
Women promote radiological products Further documents are shown in the exhibition.
Women prosper from networking, sharing their knowledge and experiences, and mutual support.
Women prostitute, children beg, teenagers steal, men work at odd jobs and ask for donations.
Women protect the past and future, like a snowman in a water globe.
Women protest that it is degrading and downright dangerous.
Women protesting a political candidate is an event.
Women prove better at reading emotions of people in photographs.
Women prove they can toss the disc , too.
Women provide all their own gardening tools and equipment.
Women provide benefits.
Women provide children.
Women provide laundry services.
Women provide more health care than all health care industries combined.
Women provide most of the production and postharvest labor.
Women provide much of the unpaid work in our society.
Women provide nearly half of all agricultural labor in the world.
Women provide services.
Women provide the main labor force for crops using hand hoes.
Women provide the stability in the movement of humankind.
Women provide valuable information on the diverse conditions and experiences of New Zealand women.
Women provide values.
Women provides access to a multitude of women biographical sites.
Women provoke assault or rape by the way they dress or act.
Women provoke rape by how they behave, dress or where they choose to go.
Women provoke rape by how they behave, dress, or where they choose to go.
Women provoke rape by their behavior and dress.
Women provoke rape.
Women pull a loaded van.
Women pump iron three times a week.
Women punch and scream at each other a couple times.
Women purchase over half of all vehicles sold today.
Women purposely injure themselves three to four times more often than men.
Women pursue careers.
Women question more and expect more.
Women question vocation.
Women quietly get dressed, hail cab and leave.
Women quietly weep and men stare blankly.
Women rabbis are on the cutting edge in Judaism.
Women race against time to have children.
Women race to have babies because their biological clock is ticking.
Women raise children.
Women raise issues.
Women raise kids.
Women raise most of the world's children.
Women raise particular issues.
Women raise their children and expect and require resources from their mates.
Women raising kids have extra hurdles as med-school faculty .
Women raising kids have extra hurdles as med-school faculty.
Women rally for problem solving, if given the chance.
Women range in ages.
Women rank retirement second only after education on their list of concerns.
Women rank very low on the Anubian social ladder.
Women rate their academic abilities more harshly, and more men think themselves above average.
Women reach a higher blood alcohol concentration than men for the same amount of alcohol consumed.
Women reach a point of serious damage on fewer drinks per day and over fewer years than men.
Women reach adulthood.
Women reach ages.
Women reach menopause at different times.
Women reach menopause when they have gone one full year without a menstrual period.
Women reach middle adulthood.
Women reach their sexual peak later than men.
Women react differently to pharmaceutical products.
Women react more strongly to the threat of emotional infidelity.
Women react to supervisors' vote to seek a federal waiver to stop offering emergency contraceptives.
Women Read by students, faculty and staff on two days in the Theatre Arts patio.
Women read more than men and women buy more books than men.
Women read stories.
Women read, men read, the kids read.
Women readily understand and accept that which commonly presents great difficulty to men.
Women realize beauty.
Women realize that they have five decades to make law partner but only two to raise a child.
Women really appreciate a man who knows how to dress well.
Women really are the strength of social change.
Women really are there for other women.
Women really broker the gift giving, offline and now online.
Women really can be the most confounded creatures to understand.
Women really come together.
Women really do belong at home, looking after their husbands.
Women really do bring home four paychecks a month.
Women really do read the books for the stories and emotional content.
Women really do want to know, but the problem is overload.
Women really get into it while men are content to simply bob up and down for as long as it takes.
Women really go for that relaxing in comfort idea.
Women really like a man who is a good listener.
Women really like to see gay sex too.
Women really love that car.
Women reap their harvest in plant biotechnology field.
Women rear the children, draw water, cook, clean, and keep the house.
Women rebuild shattered economy.
Women receive a FREE Membership by submitting a picture personal ad.
Women receive a great deal of positive reinforcement.
Women receive a shot every three months.
Women receive an additional paid maternity leave of at least eight weeks.
Women receive benefits.
Women receive better nutrition.
Women receive breast implants for both reconstructive and cosmetic reasons.
Women receive care for gynecological problems or prenatal care.
Women receive care.
Women receive careful diagnoses.
Women receive diagnoses.
Women receive direct written notification of their mammogram results.
Women receive equal or larger merit awards than men at every rank but lecturer.
Women receive fewer drugs than men do.
Women receive individual instruction on how to prevent infection and promote healthy living.
Women receive injections.
Women receive injuries.
Women receive less medication than men.
Women receive less pay for equal work and are excluded from traditionally male professions.
Women receive less.
Women receive literacy lessons from a small group organizer.
Women receive lower monetary rewards than do men.
Women receive lower pay than men for the same or equivalent work.
Women receive nutrition.
Women receive only one-third of athletic scholarship dollars.
Women receive orientations.
Women receive proteins.
Women receive risk assessment, social work and nutrition services, and health education.
Women receive romance, then they deliver sex.
Women receive serious injuries.
Women receive the death sentence and get no support from the court, their families or their society.
Women receive the right to vote.
Women receive the same attention when they visit their male partners.
Women receive training and encouragement from experienced women in ministry.
Women receiving chemotherapy are still able to become pregnant.
Women receiving continuity of care are more likely to be satisfied with that care.
Women recognize pictures.
Women recognize that they have a great deal to offer.
Women recommend and nominate the chiefs, and work as men.
Women reconnect ecology, health and development.
Women recount stories.
Women recover differently from surgery and react differently to chemotherapy.
Women recover faster but suffer more side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and headaches.
Women reduce calorie intake.
Women reduce daily calorie intake.
Women reduce daily intake.
Women reduce intake.
Women reduce their chances of getting pregnant if they smoke.
Women reformulate religious understandings from theological criteria and women's experience.
Women register and receive a packet of information about self breast examination.
Women register for rush and are scheduled to visit each house.
Women register to vote in greater numbers than men and actually vote in greater numbers.
Women regularly call the show, too.
Women regularly enter and leave the program as their lives change.
Women regularly maintain and repair the pumps needed to secure water supply throughout the year.
Women reign in board rooms, men cheer in birthing rooms, and grandmas are sporting new tattoos.
Women rejoice, too.
Women relate it to the heart or the soul more than to the brain or the genitals.
Women relate the situations that led to their own rapes, often in very ordinary situations.
Women relate to athletes differently than men.
Women relax after receiving their medals at the Baltimore event.
Women rely more on intuition and less on reason than men do.
Women rely on many sources for investment information.
Women rely on methods.
Women rely on, and where possible safeguard, the natural ecosystems and common property resources.
Women remain a distinct minority in the male-dominated world of air traffic control.
Women remain a relatively untapped market.
Women remain as sharp as ever.
Women remain at an increased risk of disease progression even after abstinence.
Women remain covered up at all times in public.
Women remain dependent upon even addicted to their romantic relationships with men.
Women remain disadvantaged in society.
Women remain dramatically under-represented in law enforcement.
Women remain for economic, religious, circumstantial, and co-dependent reasons.
Women remain in abusive relationships because they want to stay.
Women remain in doubt.
Women remain largely excluded from mainstream public institutions.
Women remain less interested in personal computer-oriented services, including the Web.
Women remain on the program during their entire pregnancy.
Women remain second class citizens and slavery abounds.
Women remain second-class customers.
Women remain the greatest consumers of therapies either as patients or as carers of patients.
Women remain the major caretakers for young children.
Women remain the poorest of the poor.
Women remain the primary care givers for elderly family members.
Women remain to be the curvy, ornamental-like, line.
Women remain underrepresented in critical areas such as math and science.
Women remain underrepresented in elected, political offices around the nation.
Women remain with abusers because of psychological, economic, and social reasons.
Women remain woefully under-represented.
Women remain, however, the object of particularly advanced manipulations.
Women remarry and raise other women's children.
Women remember everything.
Women remember their birth experiences.
Women remove jewellery.
Women remove their colourful headscarves to throw to the girls to be used in the dance.
Women repeat chant.
Women report a high level of satisfaction with the medication.
Women report a marked increase in spontaneous abortions.
Women report a range of experiences, depending on their individual circumstances.
Women report a tidal wave of symptoms a week to ten days before menstruation begins.
Women report adverse events after receiving the vaccine at twice the rate among men.
Women report anxiety.
Women report being more guilty, and feel more stress over danger to themselves than males.
Women report better connections with the other women in their lives.
Women report chest pain.
Women report consumption.
Women report death.
Women report depression twice as often as men.
Women report diseases.
Women report distress.
Women report extreme levels of stress, of depression.
Women report feeling more afraid of crime in public places than do men.
Women report feeling more rushed for time than men.
Women report feeling overwhelmed, and have lower self-confidence in abilities.
Women report feeling pressure during surgery, but can also push effectively in a vaginal delivery.
Women report have chest pain.
Women report having an outbreak every month during their period.
Women report having more headaches while on oral contraceptives and a lessening when discontinued.
Women report increased confidence, and feel safer in every aspect of their lives.
Women report kidney diseases.
Women report low-back pain and pain during intercourse.
Women report more strategy use but greater anxiety in association with the memory task.
Women report more symptoms than men.
Women report out of a primal fear.
Women report pain more often and in more regions of the body than do men.
Women report pain.
Women report periods.
Women report problems with house work, child care, elder care, and relocation for a job.
Women report rape to get revenge.
Women report rapes to get even with men or to protect their reputations.
Women report stomach distress.
Women report symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, and incontinence.
Women report that a depressive episode becomes worse right before the onset of a menstrual period.
Women report that a sports bra is required because of the generous arm holes.
Women report that having a period complicates intermittent cathing.
Women report that medical abortion is similar to a miscarriage.
Women report that they feel better after using the cream for two to three months.
Women report using violence in their relationships more often than men.
Women reportedly spend more of their income to the household than men.
Women represent a growing percentage of the probation and parole populations nationwide.
Women represent a huge consumer spending population in every industry sector.
Women represent a resource that has an important role to play in the economic life.
Women represent a very important part of the Internet.
Women represent half of humanity.
Women represent half the human race.
Women represent humanity as individuals and are then joined together to make the church.
Women represent less than two percent of the total death row population.
Women represent more than half the population.
Women represent one half of human capital in any society.
Women represent one in three persons in the manufacturing workforce.
Women represent one-fourth of the parochial clergy.
Women represent property, the material world and the slavery of men.
Women represent the fasted growing population in prison.
Women represent the fastest growing population in prison.
Women represent the fastest growing population in prisons.
Women represent the latest untapped market for gun manufacturers to boost their sale of handguns.
Women represent the major segment of the poor, the malnourished and the illiterate.
Women represent the most marginalised group among the poorest of the poor.
Women represent three out of every four caregivers for older people with chronic health conditions.
Women represent women's interests better than men and they make great leaders.
Women representing the major faiths on campus compose our group of advisors.
Women request and are usually granted sole custody.
Women request less pain medication and epidurals.
Women require about one tenth the amount of testosterone as compared to men.
Women require attention.
Women require calories.
Women require energy intake.
Women require intake.
Women require magnesium along with other nutrients to manufacture progesterone.
Women require many more pitstops per hour than men, that's another.
Women require more iron because of their monthly menses.
Women require more taurine than men.
Women require slightly less, yet slightly more during pregnancy.
Women require somewhat less, but still much more than they regularly take in.
Women require twice as much protein for peak health during pregnancy and nursing.
Women research the project, hire and manage a contractor and purchase and install materials.
Women researchers Researchers who work in industry.
Women reside on the first two floors, while men reside on the third floor.
Women reside on the second floor, while men reside on the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth floors.
Women residing in rural areas are more likely to have childbearing early compared to urban areas.
Women resort to bulimia, anorexia, starvation, and exercising to the point of being physically ill.
Women respect their male family members even during meal time.
Women respond better to a higher repetition and fewer sets.
Women respond better to stress than men.
Women respond differently to stress than men.
Women respond differently to the changes brought on by their cycle.
Women respond great to Viagra.
Women respond more for the jealous factor than the moral factor.
Women respond more negatively than men to what they perceive to be poor instruction.
Women respond more to touch, words, and atmosphere.
Women respond sensually to the written word, which is why the Black Lace novels sell so well.
Women respond to alcohol differently than men do.
Women respond to both the charisma of the male characters and the strength of the female characters.
Women respond to power, to assurance, to confidence.
Women respond to pressures to be thin by dieting.
Women respond to romance, and most desire more for it.
Women respond to sexual flirting.
Women respond to that.
Women respond universally with prayers for peace and sanity.
Women respond well to essential oils such as eucalyptus, orange and lavender.
Women retain the ability to make economic decisions.
Women retain the greatest level of body fat in their hips and thighs.
Women retire with far less retirement income, smaller pensions and less savings.
Women return for help or new method if dissatisfied rather than discontinue contraceptive use.
Women return homes.
Women returning to college often face a special challenge in juggling multiple responsibilities.
Women returning to the workforce want to be in the mainstream rather than remaining at home.
Women revere and relish kissing.
Women ride their motorcycles for many of the same reasons men do.
Women riders publications.
Women risk a lashing if they reveal as much as an ankle under all-enveloping burkas.
Women risk death and disability each time they become pregnant.
Women risk the danger of developing facial hair, a deepened voice, and menstrual cycle changes.
Women roar, and they hurl heavy objects.
Women rob stores all the time.
Women roll flour for bread on desks and bring it outside to ovens to cook.
Women roll their hips and step more on the inside of their feet.
Women rollerblade bearing.
Women room together within their assigned companies.
Women row heavy boats on the canals.
Women rub a popular citrus liquid cleanser on their hands.
Women rule and men obey inside.
Women rule by virtue of their husbands' official position.
Women rule in an episode that focuses on sexual harassment.
Women rule the earth, and all in it.
Women rule the Web.
Women rule the world. . .
Women rule the world.
Women rulers throughout the ages.
Women run a lot more during the game.
Women run businesses.
Women run dive shops, operate dive boats and lead diving expeditions.
Women run households, they raise children, they have to be very, very tough.
Women run one-third of the private business sector.
Women run or swim at slower paces than men in sprints or distance events.
Women run PTAs, for goodness sake.
Women run the whole show.
Women run toward a male target who gets a ten-second head start.
Women run two miles.
Women rush onto the stage to exchange their frocks for new fashionable outfits.
Women s large and small.
Women s large to X-large.
Women s Narratives on Shaping their Realities .
Women s voting right and enslaving black people by white can be good examples.
Women sailing at the highest level of the sport is no longer uniquely cute.
Women saints in world religions .
Women saints in world religions.
Women say it, they think it, and they feel it too.
Women say married men live longer then single men.
Women say no to GMOs'.
Women say NO to GMOs'.
Women say no to war.
Women say that prostitution is influenced and suggested by management.
Women say that they can.
Women say their status has fallen over the past decade.
Women say there needs to be better treatment.
Women say they can get into parties and drink for free.
Women say they contemplate leaving because they are pissed off.
Women say they feel a gush when the saline is injected into the ducts, but no pain.
Women say they feel golden during an orgasm.
Women say they feel safe here.
Women say they know there's no promise of a payoff.
Women say they wake up and their neck is dripping wet.
Women say they want a funny guy.
Women say they want a sensitive guy, but then they choose a jerk.
Women say they want nice guys, but they really want confident guys.
Women say, coarsely.
Women scheme when they are weak, they lie out of fear.
Women scientists from antiquity to the present.
Women scientists from seven continents-Biographies and activities .
Women score lower on the same sections of the test as African.
Women score perfect, men leave competition far behind.
Women scramble through streets, dodging cops like fugitives.
Women seahawks poster.
Women search for a handsome ideal man.
Women searching for men can free membership simply by posting their profiles.
Women searching for men enjoy free membership simply by submitting a picture personal.
Women secrete less gastric acid and tend to have slower gastrointestinal transit times than men.
Women secretly desire rape.
Women secure equal pay.
Women secure the right to vote.
Women seduce a sage.
Women see a doctor about four times more than men.
Women see babies.
Women see better in the dark.
Women see breasts.
Women see children.
Women see conflict as a way to reach intimacy, but for men, it brings on anxiety.
Women see doctors.
Women see first hands.
Women see girls.
Women see hands.
Women See how women are affected by regular physical activity and fitness.
Women see it as a mixture between fighting for homosexuality and a type of gender-identity disorder.
Women see it, roll their eyes and move on.
Women see leaders.
Women see many more variations or values of a given color.
Women see men as being better able to delegate.
Women see men as potential.
Women see men.
Women see opportunity.
Women see positive changes as a result of women-led businesses.
Women see success in broader directions than just their career.
Women see taller men as being able to provide more income and social status.
Women see taller men as being able to stand up to other men.
Women see that they can quit the self-blame and feelings of shame on all levels.
Women see the computer more as an efficiency vehicle.
Women see the home as their territory.
Women see the Internet as a tool and usually go online with a goal in mind.
Women see the reason to exercise as to lose pounds, lose inches or drop dress sizes.
Women see the world differently than men.
Women see the world in thousands and thousands of colours.
Women see their gift as a step in an ongoing relationship with the charity.
Women see themselves as having a more difficult time balancing personal life and work than men do.
Women see they can get a lot done using the skills they tend to excel in.
Women see things differently.
Women see things out of their context and a more interconnected way.
Women see values.
Women see vegetables.
Women See what the U.S. is doing for women.
Women seek a means of escape.
Women seek abortions for a variety of reasons.
Women seek advice.
Women seek an escape - a romance.
Women seek attention.
Women seek breast enlargement for two reasons.
Women seek care.
Women seek children.
Women Seek election in Zimbabwe Than Ever Before.
Women seek for meaning and purpose in life through their relationships.
Women seek health care.
Women seek height in a husband while men seek a fair-skinned wife.
Women seek help and support from counselors, friends, or family.
Women seek loyalty.
Women seek marriages.
Women seek medical attention.
Women seek men.
Women seek older men as a symbol of strength.
Women seek personal fulfillment from their jobs and are often distracted from winning.
Women seek prenatal care.
Women seek to end an unwanted pregnancy at any cost.
Women seek to gain power by getting control over men.
Women seek to make sense of the new idea, to grasp how it can be seen as accurate and useful.
Women seek treatments.
Women seek trends.
Women seeking abortions are often helpless and confused.
Women seeking divorce or women who have been raped are also at risk.
Women seeking domestic service are more capricious than the men.
Women seeking employment face many more obstacles than men.
Women seeking executive office still face an uphill battle.
Women seem also to be more sensitive to alcohol than men.
Women seem better able to avoid bringing home stress into the workplace.
Women seem drawn to the prices.
Women seem especially bothered by nail problems.
Women seem likewise, to have favoured long hair worn loose.
Women seem more comfortable with the slippery medium of light.
Women seem more likely to get it than men.
Women seem perfectly content to find a comfort zone and stay there.
Women seem somewhat more concerned with security.
Women seem to always lie about their age.
Women seem to assess the situation instantly.
Women seem to be a big theme, too.
Women seem to be a bit more cautious.
Women seem to be able to concentrate on more things at once than men can.
Women seem to be able to do more than men.
Women seem to be affected more than men.
Women seem to be affected slightly more often than men.
Women seem to be afflicted with more types of cancers than men.
Women seem to be 'catching up' to men in terms of problem drinking.
Women seem to be conditioned to want a relationship.
Women seem to be holding more on their shoulders then men sometimes.
Women seem to be less conservative and more open-minded in their choices.
Women seem to be more concerned than men.
Women seem to be more often affected by depression than men.
Women seem to be more successful at substituting friendship for family ties.
Women seem to be more susceptible than men.
Women seem to be more vulnerable to some of the effects of alcohol than men.
Women seem to be much more religious than men, according to the survey results.
Women seem to be of two minds.
Women seem to be on the receiving end of most stereotypes about looks and intelligence.
Women seem to be particularly responsive to nicotine's ability to reduce anxiety.
Women seem to be partly protected from the risk of heart attack before menopause.
Women seem to be predisposed to more severe headache pain.
Women seem to be protected with the effects of estrogen.
Women seem to be regressing in the times.
Women seem to be trained at birth to wait for men to make the moves.
Women seem to be wearing fur with a clear conscience and an irreverent disregard for status.
Women seem to be well aware of the importance of being 'in shape'.
Women seem to cope better with disappointment in love than men.
Women seem to cope with such circumstances differently from men.
Women seem to do exceptionally well in veterinary medicine.
Women seem to experience fear more often and more intensely than men.
Women seem to flutter and sway as they move.
Women seem to forgive more readily than men.
Women seem to get an easier job in some ways.
Women seem to get better treatment and coverage that way.
Women seem to have a different reaction than men to being aggressive.
Women seem to have a heightened receptivity and religious sense.
Women seem to have a lot more stamina - it stems from having babies.
Women seem to have an easier time getting appointments.
Women seem to have an innate touch for the subtleties of fly fishing.
Women seem to have been able to assert themselves more in Egypt than in most cultures.
Women seem to have difficulty rejoicing in one another's successes and achievements.
Women seem to have eating habits custom-made for the plaque attack.
Women seem to have longer conversations while doing other tasks.
Women seem to have more opportunities and freedom.
Women seem to have more sexual options throughout the life cycle.
Women seem to have more trouble than men getting an accurate sample.
Women seem to have no idea what they are doing to the opposite sex.
Women seem to have participated in all activities unusual for ancient society.
Women seem to have played in Kansas's somewhat the same role they played in California.
Women seem to have slightly different rules.
Women seem to know what's going on in their man's lives almost better than they do.
Women seem to lead about a third of their rides.
Women seem to like it light and frequent, men like it more strenuous.
Women seem to like that style.
Women seem to like that.
Women seem to love it, especially.
Women seem to make attachments more easily than men do.
Women seem to prefer more masculine male faces when they are mid-cycle and most likely to conceive.
Women seem to respond to medication better before menopause.
Women seem to retain more magnesium than men at low and marginal magnesium intakes.
Women seem to suffer more than men as they are the first to lose their jobs when redundancy hits.
Women seem to suffer so much more than their male partners.
Women select colors that highlight their natural features.
Women select for numerous traits, one of which is looks.
Women select personal ads primarily by age.
Women sell fresh produce from baskets every day.
Women sell fried snacks and fruit.
Women sell leaves call chat in a local market.
Women sell millet beer, processed foods and trade in cereals on a small scale.
Women sell themselves to men by their beauty.
Women send daughters for ice-creams and gossip.
Women send letters and photos to the address.
Women send men too many mixed messages.
Women send more photographs to friends and relations.
Women serve ably in our state medical society.
Women serve as front-line leaders at grassroots actions around the world.
Women serve as panelists, and men and women as workshop leaders.
Women serve at all levels of denominational life.
Women serve equally with men in our congregational life.
Women serve families.
Women serve from the mid-court line.
Women serve in front line combat positions as snipers and bombers.
Women serve in the Jordanian armed forces, although they have never been subject to conscription.
Women serve in the military, politics and in the home.
Women serve in the military.
Women serve on marriage tribunals, and more and more have become canon lawyers.
Women serve on the executive committees in the major parties.
Women serve on the executive committees of the major parties.
Women serve only at the very bottom tiers of the congressional leadership.
Women serving in all armed service branches also welcome.
Women serving today make a very vital contribution.
Women shake hands.
Women shake heads.
Women share a special bond.
Women share gossip stories at the well.
Women share life experiences.
Women share secrets, men insult each other.
Women share some blame, too.
Women share spiritual gifts and nurturing.
Women share stories.
Women share the protection problems experienced by all refugees.
Women share their lives.
Women share their personal experiences.
Women share their trepidations and expectations.
Women share their views.
Women share while men posture, especially to other men.
Women shearing dogs is also the subject of etchings.
Women shine again.
Women shop if they re happy.
Women shop together as a social interaction.
Women shop when they re sad.
Women shop with their hearts, men buy from their wallets.
Women should have care.
Women should have choices.
Women should have good prenatal care.
Women should have prenatal care.
Women should have treatments.
Women shoulder a disproportionate burden of unpaid work.
Women shoulder much of the farm and housework in the villages, and they age rapidly as a result.
Women shoulder the burden of pregnancy.
Women show definite strength in the life sciences in almost all parts of the world.
Women show feelings.
Women show greater distress before the abortion with a reduction of distress following the abortion.
Women show growth.
Women show higher performance levels on tests of verbal fluency.
Women show intimacy through feelings and emotions.
Women show more bilateral participation in language than men do.
Women show more concern about environment issues than men, surveys show.
Women show no such tendency.
Women show off at the keyboard less than the men.
Women show requirements.
Women show skin.
Women show steady growth.
Women show style.
Women show symptoms.
Women show the wrinkled nose and furrowed brow, whereas men smirk.
Women show their breasts and scream.
Women show their desire to be independent of their husbands by going to work.
Women show their emotions across their entire countenance.
Women show varying amounts of cleavage in several scenes through the film.
Women shrink from oral discourse.
Women shudder at the thought of the tacky green shades their grandmothers painted on.
Women shy away from it more than men do.
Women significantly outnumber men as care givers to stroke survivors.
Women simply buy larger shoes because constricted feet are out of fashion.
Women simply enjoy each other's company.
Women simply have to work harder, and take life more seriously to overcome years of discrimination.
Women simply pay a higher price for alcohol abuse than men.
Women simply skip the dummy pills, keep taking the active hormones, and skip their periods.
Women simply take on more than they can handle.
Women simultaneously understand how all the parts are related and how they relate to each other.
Women sing and chant and clap.
Women sing songs.
Women sing, and sometimes strip off their clothes, on the car.
Women sit around in traditional Southern Italian dress.
Women sit at long tables, cleaning coffee.
Women sit behind a partition, or mechitzah .
Women sit behind a screen as the lord addresses the visiting group.
Women sit by the tracks making lavash, a large, flat pancake-like bread.
Women sit down only after the men have finished eating.
Women sit in an adjoining room, listening to the service through a thin wood wall.
Women sit in scruffy shade of trees thrifty enough to kill off most of their own limbs.
Women sit in the chair fully-clothed.
Women sit on almost three-quarters of U.S. boards, and they aren t just token members.
Women sit on chairs.
Women sit on the right with their hands folded.
Women sit on the sidelines, although they join in the feast.
Women sit on their knees washing clothes in the flow.
Women sit separately on benches placed horizontally from the table to the door.
Women size down one size.
Women size up each others' appearance because women are judged more on their appearance.
Women sleep better after exercising regularly and wake up with more energy and vitality.
Women sleep with the enemy.
Women slightly outnumber men, and various ethnic groups are well represented.
Women slightly outnumber men.
Women slightly turn to the left on the back ball change step.
Women slip down to the basement to check out strange sounds.
Women slip on supple leather and they're svelte, sassy, chic.
Women smartly process the fish skin as soft as fabric after they have scaled the fish and dried it.
Women smile more than men.
Women smoke fewer cigarettes, drink less alcohol, and eat healthier than men.
Women smoke less for a physical addiction to nicotine and more for social and situational reasons.
Women smoke, eat high cholesterol diets, and get insufficient exercise.
Women smokers for participation in focus group sessions about body image.
Women smokers more vulnerable to bladder cancer.
Women smokers triple their risk.
Women snap photos.
Women solidly celibate.
Women solve problems without limitations.
Women solve the argument.
Women solve the problem with breast implants while men fix the void with avid gun ownership.
Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
Women somehow deteriorate overnight.
Women somehow seem to be turned off of mathematics at a fairly early age.
Women sound like women.
Women sow, weed, apply fertilizer and pesticides, harvest and thresh the crops.
Women sparkle like ageless gems.
Women Speak About Their Breasts and Their Lives .
Women speak about themselves in a soul-stirring look at women's traditional and nontraditional jobs.
Women speak at the very top of their register, in high, light voices.
Women speak far more politely than men.
Women speak frankly about their own experiences, some for the first time.
Women speak in every possible language to their children and one another.
Women speak of the lost relationship, men speak of practical issues and activities.
Women speak of themselves so freely.
Women speak one by one, as the room fills with morning light.
Women Speak Out , brought further confirmation of women s place at the peace table.
Women Speak Out .
Women Speak out about conflict.
Women speak out.
Women Speak Out.
Women speak their prayers in normal voices, no longer needing to mumble.
Women Speak to Today's Christian feminists.
Women speak two languages, one of which is verbal.
Women speak up more in private, men in public.
Women speak very quickly, like a motorcycle revving.
Women speak with a different voice.
Women speak, telling of the wounds, the struggles, the pain and the uncertainty of men.
Women speakers from nontraditional career fields provide open discussions.
Women speaking out against corrupt authorities face torture.
Women specifice news and announcements.
Women spend a large part of their day gathering firewood with which to cook.
Women spend a large part of their day preparing corn tortillas, made fresh up to three times a day.
Women spend a lot of time looking after the health of their husbands, kids and even parents.
Women spend a lot of time removing their makeup before bed.
Women spend a small fortune adjusting their age.
Women spend a small fortune on professional manicures and nail care products.
Women spend fewer years in the work force.
Women spend hours trying to find food and hauling water.
Women spend hundreds for moisturizers, cleansers, mud masks to restore the glow of youth.
Women spend hundreds of womanhours trying to achieve the perfect hairless body form.
Women spend less time on the web than men, but, as web users, they are growing faster than men.
Women spend lives rearing kids and when their children get married, they have nothing to do.
Women spend long hours socializing.
Women spend millions each year on skin care products to look good, but often in the wrong places.
Women spend more days in hospital due to stroke than do men.
Women spend more money online and save money when they utilize free services.
Women spend more of their online time at a single destination.
Women spend more on health insurance, too.
Women spend more time in the car than other drivers.
Women spend more time in total productive work than men do.
Women spend more time out of the labor force than men do, caring for children.
Women spend more time trekking over difficult terrain for miles under a heavy load of sticks.
Women spend most of our health care dollars.
Women spend most of the day preparing large meals they serve to the men in the dining hall.
Women spend most of their time planting, carrying water and raising cattle.
Women spend most time thinking about health issues, followed by sex, family, career and romance.
Women spend the additional money on their children's health and education.
Women spend the bulk of their time with magazines and books, men with newspapers.
Women spend their additional income on children and the household.
Women spend their days taking care of the household.
Women spend their income on the family.
Women spend their money gradually over time, and men spend it on a number of big things.
Women spend three quarters of reproductive lifetime trying to avoid unplanned pregnancy.
Women spend time thinking about how to make their lives better and how to deal with other people.
Women spend two-thirds of their time on the reef gathering shellfish.
Women spend untold amounts of money to reduce that bumpy fat around their thighs.
Women spin cloth and make their clothes, while men make tools and weapons.
Women splurge for an expensive perfume, a new outfit, a new hairstyle or a day at the spa.
Women sport enough bleached-blond hair to drain world peroxide reserves.
Women sport the dabs of paste on their cheeks that are so typical of Myanmar.
Women spray water in front of their homes to reduce dust.
Women stand alone on subway platforms at night free of unnerving thoughts.
Women stand around the outskirts of the arena and sing by the drums.
Women stand by their goods at an open-air market in Cape Coast.
Women stand in lines for hours in Moscow to buy fresh fruit.
Women stand on the left side of the men.
Women stand on top of the trailer, stripping away their halter tops and tiny T-shirts.
Women stand out side of establishments and try to lure men in.
Women stand tall pride showing clear through the veil.
Women stand wide-eyed, hand to mouth, while hero battles villain.
Women stand with their arms folded, chatting.
Women stand with their feet close together and one toe pointed inward, denoting submissiveness.
Women start appearing in French and English plays.
Women start businesses at twice the rate of all business start-ups.
Women start facing obstacles in school early in life.
Women start four out of five businesses that are started by young people.
Women start pregnancy.
Women start saving later than men.
Women start their businesses for a variety of reasons.
Women start their own businesses for a variety of reasons.
Women start to believe what they are being told by their abuser.
Women start to sew beautiful curtains and buy new clothes for the family.
Women start to wear hair long and clothing long and loose.
Women start using sexy lingerie catalogues for fire starters.
Women start wearing shorter skirts and lighter shirts, and somehow guys become cooler.
Women start with characteristic shapes that most CDs do pretty well imitating.
Women starting businesses do face some special hurdles.
Women starve themselves to get thinner.
Women statistically live longer than men.
Women stay at barn and put ribbons on wreath.
Women stay away from heels.
Women stay calm.
Women stay for many reasons ranging from love to terror, through to crude economics.
Women stay home.
Women stay in monogamous relationships for security and men stay for sex, a science journal says.
Women stay in the house.
Women stay inside and bake the local treat, eight-layer cakes, that stand taller than the flat land.
Women stay with men for security, and men remain with women for sex.
Women step back in fear.
Women step out of limousines and taxicabs, daintily jumping over puddles and patches of ice.
Women step up to the plate as influential philanthropists.
Women still acquiesce to the wishes of men.
Women still become nurses rather than doctors and grade-school teachers rather than professors.
Women still check themselves in the mirror even after they've become mutant cyborg zombies.
Women still confront the difficulties of any newcomer trying to break into an age-old clique.
Women still die from haemorrhages, infections and toxaemia.
Women still die in childbirth.
Women still do most of the farming.
Women still do much of the subsistence farming work.
Women still do, some more than others.
Women still earn an average of two-thirds of the male wage.
Women still earn far less than men for the same work.
Women still earn less and tend to be segregated into certain occupations.
Women still earn less on average than men with equivalent levels of education.
Women still earn less on average than men.
Women still earn less than men do for the comparable work.
Women still earn less than men in many work situations.
Women still earn less than men, for instance.
Women still earn less than men.
Women still earn less.
Women still expect more of themselves when it comes to being a parent.
Women still experience significant levels of discrimination.
Women still face barriers in schools.
Women still face considerable barriers because of gender inequalities in sexual decision making.
Women still face disparities between customary and statutory wives regarding the right to dower.
Women still face obstacles in getting care.
Women still face some legal discrimination.
Women still face unfair treatment in finances and business.
Women still fill the majority of clerical roles and are given minimal computer training.
Women still get a lot done, but the style is distinctly different.
Women still get less pay, and do most housework, child-rearing and caring for elderly relatives.
Women still get less pay, do most housework, child rearing and caring for elderly relatives.
Women Still Have A Long Way to Go Before They Are Equal To Men.
Women still have a way to go when they reach that upper echelon, however.
Women still have better peripheral vision.
Women still have issues with getting ahead in traditional Japanese corporations.
Women still have most of the household and childcare responsibilities.
Women still have obstacles but they have come a long way.
Women still have obstacles to overcome, whether inside the classroom or the boardroom.
Women still have relatively less psychological freedom .
Women still have to go home and do mom-work.
Women still lack resources, authority and meaningful decision-making powers.
Women still lag behind men in critical areas.
Women still lag behind men when it comes to web usage.
Women still make different choices.
Women still make less money than men, and are treated in a different respect than men.
Women still make less than men when comparing their wages to a man's dollar.
Women still make little more than half the money men make for the same work.
Women still make up a slim minority at the very top levels of management.
Women still make up the majority, though.
Women still play a big role in determining the outcome of some major issues in Alaska.
Women still prepare most of the food in the country.
Women still receive lower wages and less venture-capital funding than their male counterparts.
Women still receive unequal pay for the more than equal work they perform.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last.
Women still run a gauntlet at abortion clinics.
Women still run the families.
Women still score higher on verbal skills tests than men.
Women still specialize in family work-men specialize in market work.
Women still spend less online, largely because their average income is lower.
Women still struggle with double standards.
Women still suffer pains at childbirth.
Women still suffer sexual harassment, and continue to be the victims of domestic violence.
Women still suffer significant complications.
Women still tend to be concentrated in certain occupations, many of which are low-paying.
Women still tend to marry earlier than men.
Women still tend to work in a more limited range of occupations than men.
Women still try to reshape their bodies for clothing.
Women still use pandanus leaves to weave the most beautiful baskets or dilly bags as they are known.
Women still walk home on unpaved roads with poor or no lighting, and fall victim to attackers.
Women still wear stoles today to cover their shoulders.
Women still work, as they always did, but today they specialize, just as men do.
Women stitch hairs onto goblins.
Women stop having menstrual periods, sometimes before losing much weight.
Women stop menstruating, and the misplaced endometrial tissue shrinks.
Women stop menstruating.
Women stop producing eggs at menopause.
Women stop reading here, that is the end of the joke.
Women stop reading here.
Women stop releasing eggs and, hence, can no longer reproduce.
Women store fat in honeycomb compartments in the skin's deeper layers.
Women store fat primarily in the hips and thighs.
Women store fats in honeycomb compartments in the skin's deeper layers.
Women stories New stories added.
Women stress relation ship, connected ness, continuity.
Women Strike Back.
Women Strike for Peace.
Women strive by looking more while speaking and being spoken to.
Women strive to be smaller, even though men find larger sizes attractive.
Women strove to be the heroines they saw on television and read about in books.
Women struggle for equal pay, equal benefits, equal voice, and respect in relationships.
Women struggle to cope with sporadic food shortages and the lack of proper health care.
Women struggle to find the right bra for each outfit, or just give in and let their straps show.
Women struggle with food issues, bulemia, anorexia, overeating.
Women struggle with lust just as much as men.
Women struggle with work and family balance, regardless of race, class or career path.
Women struggle, just as men do, to find some balance in their lives.
Women study harder than men.
Women study microcomputer technology.
Women study more than men.
Women study nutrition needs of their babies.
Women study Venus through tinted glasses.
Women study women and technology .
Women study women and technology.
Women submit as nobodies.
Women submit to sires.
Women substantially outnumber men in the use of rape crisis center services.
Women succeed at higher rates than do men in fully online courses.
Women succeed to pureship only if there are no eligible males.
Women sue and win money for sexual harassment.
Women suffer a greater drop in leisure time after they marry than do men.
Women suffer a separate loss when violence results in injury or death to their unborn children.
Women suffer a slightly higher rate than their male counterparts.
Women suffer and fear violence in their own homes.
Women suffer as they watch the hard, back-breaking or stressful work of their husbands.
Women suffer because they are women.
Women suffer brain damage.
Women suffer broken bones, black eyes, bloody noses, and mental abuse.
Women suffer continued discrimination throughout the Middle East and North Africa.
Women suffer damage.
Women suffer de facto discrimination despite legal protections.
Women suffer depression at a rate at least two times more than men.
Women suffer discrimination in the labor market.
Women suffer disproportionally in their lack of access to education, health, and economic resources.
Women suffer disproportionately from the impact of armed conflict.
Women suffer disproportionately.
Women suffer extensive legal and societal discrimination despite constitutional protections.
Women suffer for months.
Women suffer from blunt injuries.
Women suffer from both legal and societal discrimination.
Women suffer from both wage and nonwage discrimination.
Women suffer from certain diseases more often than men .
Women suffer from depression at roughly twice the rate of men.
Women suffer from depression at twice the rate of men.
Women suffer from depression more than men.
Women suffer from depression twice as much as men.
Women suffer from depression, weight and hair loss, and miscarriages.
Women suffer from diseases.
Women suffer from health problems due to drinking alcohol much sooner than men.
Women suffer from indigestion at higher rates than men, and older people more than younger ones.
Women suffer from injuries.
Women suffer from issues.
Women suffer from menstrual pain.
Women suffer from menstruation.
Women suffer from migraines much more frequently than men.
Women suffer from osteoporosis more than men due to a number of factors.
Women suffer from pain.
Women suffer from painful menstruation.
Women suffer from phobias about twice as often as men .
Women suffer from phobias about twice as often as men.
Women suffer from taking contraceptives and reproductive technologies such as test tube babies.
Women suffer from the low frequency of screening for cervical cancer.
Women suffer from varicose veins more often than men.
Women suffer from violence and rape.
Women suffer greatly because much of the care of children and the sick fall on their shoulders.
Women suffer harassment outside clinics.
Women suffer high rates of work-related MSDs because of the types of jobs in which they often work.
Women suffer hip fractures two to three times more often than men.
Women suffer humiliation, pain and are stripped of their humanity.
Women suffer in silence.
Women suffer in the hands of men.
Women suffer intensely, and typically non-productively, from their mistakes.
Women suffer legal and social discrimination.
Women suffer more from affective disorders, particularly depression.
Women suffer more from involvement of peripheral joints, specifically the knee joint.
Women suffer most from globalization.
Women suffer most in humanitarian crises.
Women suffer problems.
Women suffer severe problems.
Women suffer sickness.
Women suffer the most from the lack of water.
Women suffer the most.
Women suffer the worst, but are the hardest, for a number of reasons, to involve in preparedness.
Women suffer too.
Women suffer twice as much as men.
Women suffer violence and discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
Women suffer when they are in love, but traditionally have no outlet.
Women suffer, abide, connive and grow desperate.
Women suffering from depression often have negative attitudes towards menopause.
Women support and help each other.
Women support children through subsistence farming and informal sector.
Women support each other and often focus more on the sites and the group as a whole.
Women support groups.
Women support other women through mentoring.
Women supposedly care for children and submit to male authority.
Women suppress anger by containing it.
Women surely can t be trial lawyers.
Women surfers and bodyboarders in the spotlight.
Women surpass men in bachelor's degrees in biological and life sciences.
Women surpass men in high school graduation and college degrees.
Women surveyed have more faith in the abilities of a female president than men do.
Women survive in a warrior's game by being different kinds of warriors.
Women survive war.
Women suspect for having a specific gene on the X chromosome.
Women sustain and perpetuate the lives of their families, their communities, and their countries.
Women swear more than men behind the wheel regardless of the car they drive.
Women sweat less than men.
Women swell ranks of science, but remain invisible at the top.
Women swell ranks of working poor.
Women swing voters tend to be prochoice, and they tend to vote.
Women switch places in two doubles.
Women switch-voters threaten to switch back.
Women sympathize with male classmates describing the heartbreak of being a noncustodial parent.
Women take a few minutes longer than men to become sexually aroused.
Women take a number of steps to stay young looking and attractive.
Women take a weird joy in spreading talk, twisting and changing it according to their whims.
Women take actions.
Women take an active role in forest co-management meetings.
Women take an oath as a panchayat leader.
Women take arms alongside the men in battle.
Women take aspirin.
Women take better care of the kids than they do the man.
Women take business personally.
Women take care of babies.
Women take care of domestic chores.
Women take care of their friends and their adult relatives.
Women take care of thing that affect other people lives, day to day things like drug and alcohol.
Women take care.
Women take center stage.
Women take clothing much more seriously than men.
Women take cold in every draft of air.
Women take family responsibility.
Women take far longer to get aroused and to cum than do men, on average.
Women take first at UVa.
Women take forever to get ready to go out.
Women take hands, men take hands.
Women Take Heart is open to women of any age.
Women take in less iron than a man because they are on average, smaller and eat less food.
Women take in the whole, expand, grow and revive.
Women take instruction better.
Women take interest.
Women take it all off.
Women take longer to turn on and men turn on quicker and cool down quicker.
Women take many partners, and notch their bedposts.
Women take medicine.
Women take more care and tend to wear attractively braided locks.
Women take more physical risks than men.
Women take more time out of the labor force than men do.
Women take no active role in the ways of religion.
Women take notice.
Women take one pill every day without break.
Women take one quick look and memorize it for later reference.
Women take part in the boot camp experience, too.
Women take part in the elections for parliament.
Women take responsibility.
Women take risks in talking about sexuality, whether on a personal or political level.
Women take roles.
Women take seats.
Women take showers.
Women take steps.
Women take the court.
Women take the front.
Women take the lead in working.
Women take the longer view.
Women take the lower dose.
Women take the responsibility of evading attack seriously.
Women take the shit out of the intestine and braid the guts to make it look neat.
Women Take Their Place.
Women take their places in all orders of the ministry.
Women take to good hearted men.
Women take to goodhearted men.
Women take to new and interesting flavors much quicker than men.
Women take to the river for a renewing of the soul.
Women take turns to watch for soldiers near the entrance to the town.
Women take two of three as Irish squads complete successful weekend.
Women take up jobs to add to the family possessions, often neglecting their children.
Women take up men's jobs.
Women take up residences.
Women taking an active role in Internet culture are true spinsters.
Women taking anti-epileptic medication can usually breast feed without any problems.
Women taking control is one of the things that is wrong with the world.
Women taking hormone replacement therapy appear to find it easier to control blood glucose levels.
Women taking tamoxifen appear to be at increased risk for developing cataracts.
Women taking the contraceptive injection still have monthly menstrual cycles.
Women taking the pill have more episodes of cystitis.
Women taking vitex for three months appear to have more success at becoming pregnant.
Women talk about anything and nothing and everything all at once.
Women talk about everything.
Women talk about family, relationships and other things.
Women talk about feeling financially and emotionally overwhelmedas single parents.
Women talk about marriage .
Women talk about one thing in the changing room - sex.
Women talk about one thing in the locker room - sex.
Women Talk about Sex .
Women talk about the importance of fathers in their lives.
Women talk about the negatives of sex, men talk about the positives of sex.
Women Talk About Their Jobs and Their Lives on our Reviews page .
Women Talk about Their Jobs and Their Lives.
Women Talk About Their Jobs and Their Lives.
Women talk about their odds of being raped.
Women talk and are heard.
Women talk and men talk.
Women talk candidily, share what they have experienced.
Women talk for the sheer pleasure of talking.
Women talk more about men than men talk about women.
Women talk to each other about their problems.
Women talk to each other.
Women talk to friends.
Women talk to much.
Women talk to releive tension.
Women talk to think, men think to talk .
Women talk to women.
Women talk too much.
Women talk while sitting on chairs.
Women talk with doctors.
Women talk, women are deceitful, and women confess.
Women tattoo the backs of their hands to ensure manual dexterity in weaving and other handwork.
Women teach all nine programs.
Women teach children, bolster friends, encourage husbands, and cheer on the disheartened.
Women tear into each other from the opening gong.
Women tell dirty jokes, dress up, dance wildly, and shatter gender stereotypes.
Women tell each other everything there is to know about marriage way in advance of the ceremony.
Women tell protective lies too.
Women tell their beauticians a lot of things.
Women tempt men into lustfull thoughts, such as eve tempted adam with the apple.
Women tend and milk the goats, while care and milking of sheep is the men's task.
Women tend home and garden, staff the kitchen, the bakery, the laundry and the preschool.
Women tend more often to be interested in the use of technology.
Women tend more than men to be unpaid laborers.
Women tend much more toward literary scrutiny and close textual analysis than men.
Women tend often to dream limited dreams.
Women tend the gardens and the children, and sew or knit.
Women tend to accumulate excess fat in their thighs, buttocks and triceps.
Women tend to accumulate fat around the hips, thighs, abdomen and buttocks.
Women tend to analyze a relationship more and expect different things.
Women tend to answer all the questions asked no matter how outrageous they are.
Women tend to approach investing for the long-term and are more patient.
Women tend to ask questions in an effort to build relationships.
Women tend to assess their lives as either positive, almost a majority, or stagnant.
Women tend to be a little extra defensive.
Women tend to be able to read non-verbal cues better.
Women tend to be affected more often than men.
Women tend to be agreeable but men love to control.
Women tend to be asexual or in peril.
Women tend to be at greater risk than men.
Women tend to be at slightly greater risk then men.
Women tend to be attracted to men with deep, manly voices.
Women tend to be better investors than men.
Women tend to be better judges of character.
Women tend to be booked on bills just because they're women.
Women tend to be caregivers and give to everyone but themselves.
Women tend to be caretakers and put others first.
Women tend to be concentrated in areas of work which are increasingly keyboard and screen focussed.
Women tend to be concentrated in service-type occupations.
Women tend to be conservative in their behaviour in rural areas.
Women tend to be conservative when making investment decisions.
Women tend to be coupon shoppers.
Women tend to be dressier.
Women tend to be easier targets.
Women tend to be far more self-sacrificing than males are, especially when it's for a male.
Women tend to be good girls.
Women tend to be harder on themselves and see flaws and failures in their caregiving.
Women tend to be haunted more by gremlins than men.
Women tend to be hysteric.
Women tend to be in occupational fields that paid less to start out.
Women tend to be interdependent.
Women tend to be intuitive global thinkers.
Women tend to be less retiring than in nearby Muslim countries.
Women tend to be less willing to commute long distances.
Women tend to be more allergic than men.
Women tend to be more boastful.
Women tend to be more burdened by prescription drug costs than men.
Women tend to be more calcium deficient than men.
Women tend to be more cautious and pay greater attention to details and rules.
Women tend to be more cautious, particularly with career decisions.
Women tend to be more cheerful and optimistic than men.
Women tend to be more concerned about the fidelity of their partner than men.
Women tend to be more concerned with hips, butt and thigh area.
Women tend to be more conservative investors than men.
Women tend to be more conservative than men when it comes to investing.
Women tend to be more dependent than men on trees and small-scale forest industries for income.
Women tend to be more emotional which is one reason why they've been patronised for years.
Women tend to be more fearful of being victims of a crime in specific situations than are men.
Women tend to be more flexible in general than men.
Women tend to be more inclusive and cooperative in their management style.
Women tend to be more interested in beauty, fashion, and shopping than men are.
Women tend to be more interested in other people than men are.
Women tend to be more modest and use a bucket for their human waste.
Women tend to be more mothers than bosses.
Women tend to be more passive in labs at coed colleges.
Women tend to be more peripheral and more concerned about their surroundings than men.
Women tend to be more practical in the features they seek from a product.
Women tend to be more relational.
Women tend to be more risk averse than men are.
Women tend to be more spontaneous in lovemaking then men.
Women tend to be more sympathetic, so tend to expect sympathy more readily.
Women tend to be more tentative.
Women tend to be more thorough and patient.
Women tend to be more trusting.
Women tend to be more vulnerable to changes in economy and government safety net.
Women tend to be mostly anxious and excited for the arrival of their first child.
Women tend to be older when they have a heart attack, and often are more likely to die from it.
Women tend to be on lower wages because they usually work in low productivity jobs.
Women tend to be out of touch with their anger.
Women tend to be personal.
Women tend to be physically smaller than men.
Women tend to be represented in groups with men who are often in a dominant position.
Women tend to be smaller, with more fat tissue where toxins accumulate.
Women tend to be systematically displaced from high value-added activities.
Women tend to be team leaders and more collaborative.
Women tend to be the ones to purchase the smaller sizes.
Women tend to be underrepresented in the tenured ranks among associate and full professors.
Women tend to be very good, attentive listeners.
Women tend to begin planning later and tend to plan less than men do.
Women tend to begin smoking at a slightly older age.
Women tend to begin their planning later and to plan less than their male coworkers.
Women tend to believe that their bodies have stopped cooperating.
Women tend to benefit less from their husband's retirement than do retiring husbands.
Women tend to blame themselves for the failure, while men blame other factors.
Women tend to breast-feed sons longer than daughters.
Women tend to build consensus and empower employees.
Women tend to buy greeting cards and music, while men buy computers and pornography.
Women tend to call with questions and men usually just talk about their grief.
Women tend to celebrate more holidays more often than their male counterparts.
Women tend to cherish the goal of achieving love despite the enormous price they've paid for it.
Women tend to communicate with each other on a whole different level.
Women tend to confuse having a great orgasm with being in love.
Women tend to constrain their own sexuality out of consideration for their partner.
Women tend to consume more calories, especially from sweets, when they're in the luteal phase.
Women tend to contribute a larger share of their income to family welfare than do men.
Women tend to cooperate.
Women tend to couch things more carefully.
Women tend to count, an approach resulting in underestimation.
Women tend to criticize other women.
Women tend to daydream about their babies during pregnancy.
Women tend to delay care-seeking until they are too ill to do their normal chores.
Women tend to delay childbirth until they have completed their education.
Women tend to deposit fat on the thighs and buttocks while men deposit fat around the middle.
Women tend to develop bladder infections more than men due to the way their bodies are designed.
Women tend to develop chronic illnesses, such as arthritis or osteoporosis.
Women tend to develop heart disease later in life than men do.
Women tend to develop osteoarthritis at a much higher rate than men.
Women tend to develop slower thyroids as they age.
Women tend to develop the disease about ten years after menopause.
Women tend to die from breast cancer only if their tumors metastasize.
Women tend to diet more but more men reached their target weights.
Women tend to diet more often than men.
Women tend to disguise anger, while men tend to ignore feelings of fear or sadness.
Women tend to display more prominent mood symptoms and men more negative symptoms.
Women tend to do a better job at being tasteful most of the time.
Women tend to do better in treatment with other women than when they are in a mixed group.
Women tend to do better with small meals and planned snacks.
Women tend to do more of the repetitive computer tasks than men do.
Women tend to do sadness.
Women tend to earn less than men and work fewer years.
Women tend to earn less than men on average.
Women tend to experience job strain differently from men, for many reasons.
Women tend to express anger in different ways.
Women tend to favor redistribution more than men.
Women tend to feel defective, less womanly, less sexually attractive ashamed and embarrassed.
Women tend to feel disconnected when there is no focus on the relationship.
Women tend to feel empowered and more self-reliant when they know their muscles are in shape.
Women tend to feel guilty about anything and everything.
Women tend to feel more sexually open when there is relationship intimacy.
Women tend to find tall, well-muscled men more attractive, for example.
Women tend to flush before, during, and after using the toilet to mask embarrassing noises.
Women tend to focus a good deal of attention on male people.
Women tend to focus more and easier on the social and the emotional sides of life.
Women tend to focus on ends- based solutions with high consideration to consequences.
Women tend to focus on social systems.
Women tend to forget all about morning sickness after the baby is born.
Women tend to form friendships through the acts of sharing and revealing.
Women tend to gain more weight because of reduced physical activity.
Women tend to gain slightly more weight than men.
Women tend to get a bit dressed up most evenings.
Women tend to get bunions and hammer toes from narrow shoewear.
Women tend to get frustrated with technology and give up easier than men.
Women tend to get married at an earlier age than men, and are more likely to be widowed.
Women tend to get unhealthier more quickly than men.
Women tend to give and receive more emotional support, live longer and can bear children.
Women tend to give more attention than they receive from their mates.
Women tend to give more of a nurturing type presentation.
Women tend to give their own illnesses low priority and often seek help when it is too late.
Women tend to glow.
Women tend to go for spandex based or satin material because they feel sexy.
Women tend to go in to achieve or obtain something.
Women tend to gossip more about the fabric of relationships, who's in and who has merit.
Women tend to gravitate to cool, relaxed colors and seem to be more color conscious than men.
Women tend to harbor illusions over the power they have, like keeping the family happy at all times.
Women tend to have a greater angle here than men.
Women tend to have a higher ESR, and menstruation and pregnancy can cause temporary elevations.
Women tend to have a higher level of attention to detail.
Women tend to have a lot more anxiety, depression, feelings of loneliness, and eating disorders.
Women tend to have a lower incidence of symptoms than men do.
Women tend to have a more diffuse pattern of hair loss.
Women tend to have a more participatory, interactive management style than men.
Women tend to have a much different, more collaborative management style.
Women tend to have an equal number of men and women.
Women tend to have bad credit for reasons that are often out of their control.
Women tend to have better perception and interpretation of body language than men.
Women tend to have decreased upper body strength as well, adding to the risk.
Women tend to have fatigue and chest tightness, rather than the pain many men feel.
Women tend to have fewer prior offenses than men and are less likely to commit crimes again.
Women tend to have fibromyalgia more often than men.
Women tend to have graduate degrees, particularly in journalism, at a greater frequency than men.
Women tend to have greater knowledge than men.
Women tend to have higher levels of the good cholesterol than men.
Women tend to have less access to capital than men, which inhibits fast growth.
Women tend to have longer hair, and their styles take more time.
Women tend to have longer legs and shorter torsos than men.
Women tend to have longer legs and shorter upper bodies than men of the same height.
Women tend to have lower uric acid levels than men do until after menopause .
Women tend to have more chronic conditions, like arthritis and osteoporosis.
Women tend to have more close friends than men do.
Women tend to have more fat than men and it is found mainly in the hips, buttocks and upper thighs.
Women tend to have more genu valgus than men do.
Women tend to have more illnesses and lower self-rated health.
Women tend to have more of a demand to feel valued in a group.
Women tend to have more severe first heart attacks and they more frequently lead to death.
Women tend to have poorer mental health than men.
Women tend to have preference for cooperation models, based on their sensitivity to human needs.
Women tend to have side effects much more frequently at higher doses.
Women tend to have smaller arteries then men.
Women tend to have smaller, thinner bones than men, making loss of bone density more serious.
Women tend to have 'social situational triggers' and tend to smoke in groups rather than alone.
Women tend to have some biological advantages over the course of their lifetime.
Women tend to have symptoms less often than men.
Women tend to have the edge over men in cultivating long-term relationships.
Women tend to have urinary tract infections more often than men.
Women tend to have worse symptoms than men, in part because women's fashion shoes distort the spine.
Women tend to hold their fat more tightly in the hips and buttocks than men.
Women tend to ignore the symptoms of a heart attack.
Women tend to internalize more and that puts women at higher risk for depression.
Women tend to interrupt to show support, encourage elaboration and affirm others.
Women tend to invest differently than men.
Women tend to invest more conservatively than men.
Women tend to invest more conservatively, which lowers the risk but also lowers the return.
Women tend to invest more conservatively.
Women tend to keep communicating until they figure out other solutions to problems.
Women tend to keep conversations going and ask more questions.
Women tend to lie to protect more than men.
Women tend to like to talk things through.
Women tend to listen better to instructions.
Women tend to listen more carefully than men.
Women tend to live longer than men but are more likely to suffer from chronic illness.
Women tend to live longer than men, potentially exhausting other sources of income.
Women tend to live longer than men, so they're likely to spend more years in retirement.
Women tend to look at each other when talking.
Women tend to look at their hips, butt and thighs first.
Women tend to look at themselves in the bathroom mirror much more than men do.
Women tend to look at things in differently.
Women tend to lose bone density after menopause, when their bodies no longer produce estrogen.
Women tend to lose fat tissue, whereas men appear to lose lean tissue quicker.
Women tend to lose more income than men following a divorce.
Women tend to manage in different ways than men do.
Women tend to manifest symptoms at a later age and in different ways than men.
Women tend to marry older men and men, younger women.
Women tend to marry up yaknow.
Women tend to memorize both types of forms.
Women tend to metabolize ethanol faster than men.
Women tend to nag too often and disregard the many problems their husbands encounter at work.
Women tend to network better.
Women tend to offer looks and seek status and financial success.
Women tend to overdose and have a better chance of being saved than men, who usually use a firearm.
Women tend to pay less attention to formal power and rely more on personal power.
Women tend to physically suffer more in life due to childbirth, menstrual cramps, etc.
Women tend to play more than men.
Women tend to practice excessive dieting, which has a negative impact on health.
Women tend to prefer compromise.
Women tend to prefer to work one on one with new direct reports, and in smaller groups.
Women tend to prioritize their needs.
Women tend to produce speech closer to the standard in pronunciation than that of men.
Women tend to put their own health needs at a lower priority than the rest of the family.
Women tend to put themselves last.
Women tend to race much less aggressively and think their way through the race.
Women tend to raise more questions and to give minimal responses to maintain harmonious exchanges.
Women tend to reach a sexual peak at a much later age than men do.
Women tend to relish pastel tones of pinks, peaches and lavenders.
Women tend to rely on their verbal skills over employing the use of force.
Women tend to remain agreeable.
Women tend to remember anniversary dates and birthdays.
Women tend to require more precision.
Women tend to respond quite positively to many values of yellow.
Women tend to respond to antiemetics to a lesser extent than men do.
Women tend to restrict their activities to simple craft-making and household chores.
Women tend to retain their frontal hairline and lose their hair on the top and the side.
Women tend to run more upright than men when they run.
Women tend to save less.
Women tend to scar more easily than men, so women often lose more of their grip after surgery.
Women tend to see chiropractors more often than men.
Women tend to see issues, work or personal, in the context of personal impact on their values.
Women tend to seek connection, men to seek status.
Women tend to seek hobby and lifestyle sites, health information and chat sessions.
Women tend to seek input from employees rather than issue edicts in a top-down fashion.
Women tend to send in posed photos, professional pictures and even wedding photos.
Women tend to set up a pecking order before the race and yield to the strongest runner.
Women tend to share and feel.
Women tend to share profits with employees at an earlier stage than do their male counterparts.
Women tend to shy away from making deals because they think it requires manly aggression.
Women tend to spend more time working on the land.
Women tend to spend way too much time preparing instead of just winging it.
Women tend to spot the gender reversal immediately.
Women tend to store body fat in the hip and leg area.
Women tend to store unwanted stress in their necks and shoulders.
Women tend to structure play and interaction around an idea or make-believe situation.
Women tend to suffer from illnesses that have more general symptoms more often than men do.
Women tend to suffer more often from osteoarthritis in their hands and knees and men in their hips.
Women tend to suffer most from divorce, especially emotionally and financially.
Women tend to sway there hips, almost rythmically comapared to the more efficient male movement.
Women tend to take better care of themselves and use medical services more frequently than men.
Women tend to take criticism too personally.
Women tend to take more liberal political positions than do men.
Women tend to take overdoses of pills.
Women tend to talk about the situation and enjoy sharing their emotions and the experience itself.
Women tend to tease, and men are flirts.
Women tend to tell a story with more details and less linear storytelling.
Women tend to the goats and till the soil, but most farm work is done by slaves.
Women tend to think a little more about their role.
Women tend to think in terms of emotions and feelings.
Women tend to think in ways that are more holistic.
Women tend to think more about relationship issues.
Women tend to think of kisses, hugs, notes in lunch boxes and a meal spent together alone.
Women tend to think the dampness is caused by a vaginal discharge.
Women tend to think their cheeks, hips and waist look larger than they do.
Women tend to try a variety of cues.
Women tend to undergo bypass under emergency conditions, making it somewhat riskier.
Women tend to understand that.
Women tend to undervalue themselves.
Women tend to use credit cards on the Internet more often than men.
Women tend to use more verbal interaction and direction in their play with preschoolers.
Women tend to use the avenue of the ethic of care because they've been socialized that way.
Women tend to view technology careers as isolated, uncool, boring jobs, according to the UK survey.
Women tend to wait longer than men to remarry.
Women tend to want love but have to settle for sex.
Women tend to want more control in the relationship.
Women tend to want to be taller and thinner.
Women tend to want to feel the fabric and try the clothing on before purchasing.
Women tend to want to talk to solve problems.
Women tend to wear dresses more than slacks.
Women tend to wear more traditional business attire.
Women tend to wonder about motherhood and the health of their baby.
Women tend to work in jobs less likely to have employer-provided retirement benefits.
Women tend to work in jobs that have low rates of pension coverage.
Women tend to work in radio news five years or less.
Women tend to work in small workplaces and are open to all sorts of harassment.
Women tend to worry about the impact on family and other relationships.
Women tend to worry more than men.
Women tend toward the romantic vision of relationship.
Women tend use the internet to find information rather than use it for leisure.
Women tend use the Internet to find information rather than use it for leisure.
Women then can work for lasting, healthy change in their bodies.
Women then pick up the melody with their commitment.
Women theorists on society and politics .
Women there are twice as likely to kill themselves as men.
Women there is basketball, softball, tennis and volleyball.
Women there work very hard.
Women therefore dominate the society.
Women therefore have a key role to play in ecological decision-making.
Women therefore have the same eminence as men, and can be ordained.
Women therefore remain highly susceptible to a continuing cycle of poverty.
Women therefore tend to lie to themselves, to their husbands and to society.
Women think a lot more cheating is going on then men do.
Women think about creation, the center of the universe, it mingles with other thoughts.
Women think about it for a long time.
Women think all beer is the same.
Women think and men drink.
Women think between the eyes, men think between the legs.
Women think communication is talking.
Women think differently than men do.
Women think in a very unique way all the time.
Women think it's boring, uncreative.
Women think mathematicians are very sexy.
Women think men are unreasonable.
Women think men only want to have a good time.
Women think more about money than sex.
Women think more feminine-looking men are most likely to be committed in a relationship.
Women think of rules as guidelines, hints, and suggestions.
Women think only men get it.
Women think they are more likely to be called that in the workplace now than men.
Women think they have no choice but to trash other women in print.
Women think they'll end up spending their life in front of a screen.
Women think through decision better than men, are more collaborative and seek less personal glory.
Women think with their heads.
Women think with their hearts and their emotions.
Women thresh the harvested rice.
Women thrive on being courted and wooed because that is how they are made up.
Women throw an empty milk carton away.
Women throw first.
Women throw themselves on the floor and then babble in unknown tongues.
Women thus face difficulties when their spouses die or are unable to provide for the family.
Women thus have reassurance that marriage is unnecessary.
Women thus make up almost three- quarters of all older persons below the poverty level.
Women thus make up almost three-quarters of all older persons below the poverty level.
Women thus seem to recognize melanoma better than men.
Women thus serve as the currency of status, like diamonds and real estate.
Women to become wives.
Women to develop cancer.
Women to develop lung cancer.
Women to die from diseases.
Women to drink alcohol.
Women to engage in effort.
Women to experience adverse drug reaction.
Women to experience adverse reaction.
Women to experience drug reaction.
Women to experience emotion.
Women to experience extreme emotion.
Women to experience pleasure.
Women to experience reaction.
Women to follow diets.
Women to learn about methods.
Women to make decisions.
Women to perform tasks.
Women to provide services.
Women to pursue careers.
Women to pursue scientific careers.
Women to receive hormone replacement therapy.
Women to receive therapy.
Women to report incidents.
Women to use barrier methods.
Women to use methods.
Women to visit doctors.
Women too are in key positions in their governments.
Women too can be violent against men or other women, but it is far less common than violence by men.
Women too have a role to play.
Women too seem particularly vulnerable with many suffering the direct affects of violence.
Women too suffer.
Women too use the same naming structure but do adopt the husbands name after marriage.
Women top the list.
Women toss their heads and sway to the beat.
Women touch each other so often in gentle and caring ways, gaining so much pleasure from doing so.
Women touch more but don t walk arm in arm or hold hands.
Women trade at the local level, often making more money than do their husbands.
Women trade less often than men, so their transaction costs are lower and their returns higher.
Women trade men sex for other stuff, like food and clothes.
Women trade union activists.
Women traditionally earn less and work for fewer years then men, but live longer.
Women traditionally eat last and least.
Women traditionally exchange gifts of coconuts, clothes and sweets.
Women traditionally have bad boundaries and difficulty saying no.
Women traditionally have higher grade point averages than men.
Women traditionally lead multifaceted lives combining work, family, hobbies and community.
Women traditionally make, build and own the tipi.
Women traditionally perform Bulgarian vocal music.
Women traditionally spend more time taking care of others. .
Women traditionally wear a black dress over their house clothes when going out in public.
Women traditionally wear a full-length robe.
Women traditionally welcome the guests.
Women train as hard as the men and continue to set new world records.
Women trapped by their circumstances appears as the prevalent theme.
Women travel differently than men.
Women travel from all over New England to compete in the tournament.
Women traveling alone face potential harassment in Morocco.
Women traveling alone normally are unable to rent a hotel room.
Women traveling alone stand out and are obvious targets.
Women Traveling alone tips are available on most travel Web sites.
Women traveling in Nepal can be vulnerable to sexual harassment and verbal abuse.
Women traveling to the tropics are at high risk for urinary tract infections.
Women Traveling Together is an inclusive tour company for women.
Women Traveling Together offers a wide range of travel opportunities to women of all ages.
Women Traveling Together requires a deposit to hold space on any tour.
Women Traveling Together reserves the right to change their travel policies without notice.
Women travelling alone enjoy the privacy of their own floor.
Women travelling alone have special needs.
Women treat children.
Women treating the procedure like a commodity is one of the things doctors are finding frustrating.
Women trek through the night to get a meagre jar full of stagnant, muddy drinking water.
Women trend to be softer, uncertainty and reliable on someone.
Women trust providers.
Women trust their false instincts and merely vote for the politician with the widest smile.
Women try an average of seven times to quit smoking before they succeed.
Women try diets.
Women try tapeworm diets.
Women try their best to lose weight so as to fit in their bikinis.
Women try to advertise, signal, with youth and beauty.
Women try to change others more than men.
Women try to understand the male mind.
Women try to wash the dust from their clothes in the town s lake.
Women turn everything into a personal experience.
Women turn fifty and cross into uncharted territory.
Women turn out to vote in greater percentages than men.
Women turn partner once around by left hand.
Women turn right, on far right.
Women turn to entrepreneurial activities to provide a living for themselves and their children.
Women turn to one another for the love and support traditionally provided by men.
Women turn to quilt making for all types of reasons.
Women turn to sites that feature health and beauty products, apparel, and online greetings.
Women typically are more flexible than men.
Women typically become more impaired from the same amount of alcohol than men of the same size.
Women typically begin having trouble around the perimenopausal years.
Women typically bleed and experience cramping as part of the process.
Women typically choose to place tattoos on shoulders, ankles, hips.
Women typically develop urate gout after menopause unless an enzymatic defect is present.
Women typically exercise for health and overall fitness.
Women typically fare worse than men in the conflict between work and family.
Women typically favor online gambling, card games, and online quiz and trivia games.
Women typically have a larger percentage of fat on their bodies for childbearing purposes.
Women typically have a more difficult time quitting cigarettes than men do.
Women typically have a narrower heel, and an arch pattern that is slightly different.
Women typically have discharge and burning when urinating, easily mistaken for a vaginal infection.
Women typically have higher body fat percentages to help nourish infants in the event of pregnancy.
Women typically have narrower heels, high arches and smaller feet.
Women typically lead with strong moral convictions.
Women typically live longer than men and thus have a longer retirement to fund.
Women typically live longer than men.
Women typically marry younger than men.
Women typically respond to auditory or emotional stimuli and that is why women read romance novels.
Women typically return to normal activity the day after treatment.
Women typically stay at a station only half as long as men.
Women typically wear voluminous skirts with a tight jacket.
Women typically work fewer hours a week than men.
Women typically work longer hours than men when producing food.
Women ultimately have to abide by the dominant value.
Women unconsciously use kissing as a barometer for how much they're respected, valued, and loved.
Women underestimate themselves but overestimate others.
Women undergo assist reproduction.
Women undergo pregnancy.
Women undergo reproduction.
Women undergo tests.
Women undergoing angioplasty appear to be protected against restenosis by estrogen therapy.
Women undergoing laparoscopy for chronic pelvic pain have a high chance of having endometriosis.
Women undergoing ovulation induction often benefit from careful monitoring.
Women understand calendars.
Women understand camouflage.
Women understand cycles.
Women understand facts.
Women understand the concept but men struggle with the notion.
Women understand the special health care needs of other women.
Women understand the value of starting a relationship that never ends.
Women understand well the difficulty of finding a good man.
Women understand what it takes to make ends meet for themselves and their families.
Women understand what men mean more easily than men understand what women mean.
Women understand women things, like men understand men things.
Women undoubtedly struggle to identify with the image of size and strength.
Women uniformly thank their counselors for their time and help, often leaving with a hug.
Women use a foil or epee.
Women use a pole with a curved blade on the end as a weapon.
Women use a variety of cues to assess male quality.
Women use a variety of menstrual products to control the flow of their period.
Women use abortion instead of birth control.
Women use abortions as a form of birth control to often.
Women use and lose a great deal of iron through sweat and just being a woman.
Women use assist reproductive technology.
Women use blame, guilt and shame to control men.
Women use body contouring to treat many different areas.
Women use both halves of their brain when they listen.
Women use cancer screens.
Women use celebrations to take time off from work, create community, and create bridges.
Women use chairs.
Women use coconut oil as hair oil for hair .
Women use coconut oil as hair oil for hair.
Women use computers at a higher rate than men in firms of all sizes.
Women use cosmetics to improve their physical appearance.
Women use cups.
Women use different products depending on the heaviness of their flow.
Women use diplomacy, manipulation and take their opponents' feelings into consideration.
Women use effective methods.
Women use female-only taxis to get around town.
Women use food differently than men.
Women use forest products for creating saleable commodities.
Women use forests to obtain food products and fuelwood and men to obtain wood for construction.
Women use garages to park their cars and store their lawnmowers.
Women use garages to park their cars and to store their lawn mowers.
Women use garages to park their cars and to store their lawnmowers.
Women use garages to parke their cars and to store their lawnmowers.
Women use homes.
Women use information.
Women use it as a tool for research.
Women use it before, during or after intimacy to protect and soothe the tender tissue.
Women use it to help balance hormones, reduce pain of swollen breasts.
Women use it to show their lovers how and where they love to be touched.
Women use it to signal their political ideology or to defy authority.
Women use it universally to both sexes, men use it toward women.
Women use juice.
Women use knowledge.
Women use landmarks and general direction.
Women use language differently from men.
Women use less personal space than men.
Women use libraries more than men.
Women use liverwort for relieving symptoms of menopause .
Women use many different containers for freezing their milk.
Women use materials.
Women use mechanisms.
Women use methodologies.
Women use methods and hardware designed by men.
Women use methods.
Women use more facial expression in general and smile more in particular.
Women use more facial expressions than men.
Women use more health care services than men, and their health care costs more .
Women use more health care services than men.
Women use more health services than men and have a longer life expectancy.
Women use more health services than men due to longer life spans and reproductive health needs.
Women use more medical services than men, especially relating to reproductive health.
Women use more prescription drugs, and are more subject to surgery of the sex glands than men.
Women use more varied coping strategies.
Women use napkins.
Women use numerous ways to control crying.
Women use perpetual sexual availability to seduce philanderers in exchange for gifts.
Women use poles made from saguaro ribs to knock off the saguaro fruit.
Women use private, back channel routes to discuss their experiences.
Women use reproductive technology.
Women use restrooms as social lounges.
Women use restrooms has social lounges.
Women use ridiculously large loops in their p's and g's.
Women use same mechanisms.
Women use same methods.
Women use sanitary pads or tampons to absorb menstrual flow.
Women use screens.
Women use separate entrances, eat from separate plates, and eat at different times.
Women use skin.
Women use tag questions more.
Women use technology.
Women use the bathroom more often and stay longer.
Women use the computer as a tool.
Women use the emotion of love to lure and tempt men.
Women use the environment.
Women use the forest products for food, fuel as well as for handicrafts.
Women use the Internet to market their own businesses.
Women use the road to lay out the rice to dry in the sun.
Women use the sexual harassment charge as a way to get even with men.
Women use the telephone about twice as much as men do.
Women use their bodies to sensuously attract men and to get their way.
Women use to give birth to babies in sauna a hundred years ago.
Women use toilets.
Women use twice as many words to say something as men.
Women use two weaving techniques that are common throughout the world, twining and coiling.
Women use victim power to destroy inconvenient men.
Women use weight.
Women using a diaphragm for contraception are particularly prone to bladder infections.
Women using diverse wild and indigenous species often use home gardens as experimental plots.
Women using hormone-replacement therapy appear to have benefited from use of tamoxifen.
Women using it to control symptoms generally take hormones for less than five years.
Women using IUDs and tampons have a higher incidence of endometriosis.
Women using oral contraceptives also tend to have more strokes.
Women using oral contraceptives ingest one tablet each day.
Women using patches occasionally suffer skin irritation.
Women using tears for manipulation - it starts early.
Women using the Internet often find themselves pestered and harassed by electronic lechers.
Women using the pill tend to have less bleeding and fewer cramps during their monthly periods.
Women using the temperature method can use any ordinary thermometer to determine their temperature.
Women utilize approximately twice the amount of iron as men, so a deficiency is often present.
Women utilize the health care system more than men.
Women value a good listener.
Women vary concerning their likes and dislikes in penis size.
Women vary greatly in how much pain they experience after breast reconstruction.
Women vary in the number and intensity of symptoms.
Women vary in their needs during their lifetime.
Women vary on age lifecycle, whether they are married with or without children, divorced, or single.
Women vary tremendously in the number, type, severity, and pattern of symptoms before menstruation.
Women vary tremendously in the problems associated with their pregnancies.
Women verify their gender over the telephone.
Women verses male, by a corrupt biased philosophy that seeks to polarize the issue of spousal abuse.
Women view competition more as a spectator sport.
Women view induction of labor more positively than expectant management.
Women view manipulative, controlling, and often violent men as dominant men with superior genes.
Women view matters the same way.
Women view their environment as unpredictable.
Women view their gifts as investments requiring careful research.
Women visit a clinic three times during the procedure.
Women visit doctors almost four times as often as men.
Women visit South Africa for shorter time periods, and are more likely than men to migrate legally.
Women visit the site during coffee breaks to get a light chuckle.
Women visit towns.
Women visiting their men in prison learn to dress to avoid being turned away.
Women voice more critique of and discontent with the status quo.
Women voluntarily choose such professions for a variety of reasons.
Women volunteer to cook and others take part in cleaning the utensils.
Women volunteers only, please.
Women vote with their uteri.
Women wait for doctors.
Women wait for long periods for care.
Women wait until there is a crisis to go to the hospital.
Women wake in the borrowed soldiers' tent nursing candles.
Women walk around with their heads veiled and bowed.
Women walk from the hip.
Women walk into rooms.
Women walk out on the runway, four abreast to save time, with masks over their eyes.
Women walk slowly in the heat, holding black umbrellas.
Women walk ten hours a day to bring home their family's water needs.
Women walk through clouds of sulfate.
Women walk through the debris, crying softly into handkerchiefs.
Women walk through the halls in housecoats.
Women walking forty to fifty minutes, three to four times per week, live longer.
Women want families.
Women want husbands.
Women want life.
Women want services.
Women Warm Up.
Women wash clothes in it and get water for drinking and preparing foods.
Women wash their clothes and bath their children in the stream.
Women wash their hair to come out feeling clean and men go to the steam room.
Women waste entirely too much time cleaning the house.
Women watch children.
Women watch faces, voices, gestures, moods . . .
Women watch faces, voices, gestures, moods.
Women watch football too.
Women watch more than five hours a day.
Women watch more TV, and watch in a more involved way than men.
Women watch the dancers from their seats, lest they get charged with trying to be picked up.
Women watch the procession of educated men and their sons cross the bridge.
Women watch themselves being looked at.
Women watch TV more than men because they are likely to work fewer hours outside the home than men.
Women wave handkerchiefs to their male partners, who move with sliding steps.
Women wear a black cloak with diagonal cream stripes.
Women wear a blouse with a skirt made from a piece of colored cloth tied around the waist.
Women wear a blue blouse with a skirt or slacks.
Women wear a cloth dress, leggings, moccasins, and frills.
Women wear a dress or skirt, nice slacks, men wear khaki pants and a jacket or nice sweater.
Women wear a dress or suit, no slacks.
Women wear a high, square or sophistcated headdress .
Women wear a lightweight suit or equivalent.
Women wear a long and loose cotton skirt, also secured with a sash, and either a shirt or a poncho.
Women wear a long black dress with a sequined Gold belt and men are outfitted with a tux.
Women wear a lot of chains around their arms, ankles and necks.
Women wear a tubular lau sarong and a hawala irung sash.
Women wear a two piece suit in grey or dark blue with solid white blouse and conservative shoes.
Women wear a white prayer covering if married, black if single.
Women wear academic caps throughout the entire ceremony.
Women wear all sorts of retro dresses, as long as they allow for vigorous dancing.
Women wear all the ornaments of different parts of the body to look beautiful and attractive.
Women wear anything from slacks to long dresses.
Women wear baggy pants that look like a long dress.
Women wear beaded necklaces.
Women wear big full skirted dresses or skirt and blouse outfits, with plenty of lace and ruffles.
Women wear black in our countries to show the grief for death of the loved ones.
Women wear black jackets with buttons down the front and skirts with red and black flower patterns.
Women wear both skirts and pants.
Women wear bras to bed.
Women wear breast protectors, and men wear cups.
Women wear bright dresses puffed up with lacy petticoats.
Women wear bright purple and gold gowns, men wear flowing white tunics and trousers.
Women wear brightly colored cotton garments, usually woven in wavy stripes.
Women wear brightly embroidered, heavy clothing.
Women wear broad and pleated dresses without girdles.
Women wear circlets of flowers.
Women wear clothes with flowers, birds and geometric embroidery.
Women wear cocktail dresses or formal gowns.
Women wear colored skirts and blouses and decorate themselves with bright necklaces.
Women wear colorful wrap around dresses and upper garments over blouses.
Women wear conservative cotton attire, either skirts, dresses or pants.
Women wear counterfeit jewels that look just as good as the real thing.
Women wear dresses or blouses and skirts.
Women wear dresses or nice pants.
Women wear dresses or shirts and tops, while men wear slacks and shirt.
Women wear dresses, usually with full skirts, and head kerchiefs.
Women wear dresses.
Women wear dry cleaned clothes every day.
Women wear earrings because they want to hang onto men.
Women wear either black dresses or pant-suits and black blouses.
Women wear elaborate costumes with bright red wool collars.
Women wear embroidered bodices over richly ornamented skirts.
Women wear fiery red lipstick.
Women wear flowered hats and long white gloves.
Women wear full-length burgundy colored dresses and pearls which are ordered through the choir.
Women wear green saris.
Women wear headcoverings and have uncut hair.
Women wear heels.
Women wear high heels and makeup.
Women wear high heels.
Women wear hose in the summer, despite the heat, and tights in the winter for warmth.
Women wear hose with suits despite the summer heat and tights for warmth in the winter.
Women wear hose with suits year-round.
Women wear hose year-round.
Women wear it over jeans or other Western fashions.
Women wear it with a scarf called dupatta or chunni or chader , which can vary in length and width.
Women wear jackets trimmed with lace that have short, but broad, sleeves.
Women wear kimono more frequently than men.
Women wear kimono when they attend traditional arts, such as a tea ceremony or ikebana class.
Women wear layers of hemp clothing tied at the waist with a belt.
Women wear leotards and tights.
Women wear light cotton dresses in the summer.
Women wear long black skirt and white blouse.
Women wear long cotton print dresses with shawls and white bonnets.
Women wear long dresses that sweep the floor, with the upper part tight and the lower part loose.
Women wear long dresses with long sleeves and shawls covering their heads.
Women wear long or short skirts or long pants.
Women wear long skirts and small bonnets, and tie their hair in buns.
Women wear loose jackets that reach just above their knees with long skirts.
Women wear lots of different hats in their lives.
Women wear makeup to attract men.
Women wear make-up to bed, and wake up with hair and face completely intact.
Women wear modest dress or a long skirt and a loose T-shirt and bring a towel.
Women wear modest mid-length dresses usually covered by aprons.
Women wear navy blue pant suits, white long-sleeve blouses, black shoes and dark socks.
Women wear navy blue pant suits, white long-sleeved blouse, black shoes and nylons or dark socks.
Women wear neither hats nor rings nor other jewelry.
Women wear new clothes, new glass bangles and hold get-togethers to share sweets and gifts.
Women wear nighties.
Women wear nylon stockings of appropriate color for the season.
Women wear one or two ankle length dresses.
Women wear ornamental combs, earrings, bracelets, and rings.
Women wear pants and skirts for work.
Women wear pewter rings as necklaces as well as silver earrings, but they never wear nose-rings.
Women wear professional business attire.
Women wear red dresses and in winter they don cotton-padded coats, buttoned down the front.
Women wear robes in a variety of styles. . . .
Women wear ruffled dresses, many times with poca-dots, and sometimes with long trails.
Women wear scanty underwear and breathing masks as they work in a drug lab.
Women wear shoes when they shower.
Women wear shoes.
Women wear shorts or leotard.
Women wear silver objects on festive occasions.
Women wear similar clothing, except that they use brightly colored shawls to cover their heads.
Women wear similar modest clothing.
Women wear simple dresses.
Women wear skirts and blouses, a suit, scarves, that sort of thing.
Women wear skirts and blouses, or dresses.
Women wear skirts and pants.
Women wear skirts and short sleeved shirts.
Women wear skirts cut below the knee, men loincloths.
Women wear skirts during festivals and pull their hair up into a knot.
Women wear skirts or dresses.
Women wear skirts or slacks.
Women wear skirts.
Women wear smaller pads today because they are much more absorbent and better designed.
Women wear some cleavage revealing outfits.
Women wear something long, all black.
Women wear special headdresses called chikhtas .
Women wear specially made, simple dresses and a prayer cover over their heads.
Women wear stockings and long skirts, sleeves below the elbow, and head scarves if they are married.
Women wear strange socks.
Women wear stretch pants with their flak jackets.
Women wear string-bikini tops with teeny shorts and spike heels to the mall.
Women wear tallesim and they read from the Torah.
Women wear the breeches.
Women wear the choir scarf, men wear the choir tie.
Women wear the cotton shirts with jeans and shorts or neutral-colored pants.
Women wear the gold jewels of fallen friends.
Women wear the medal from a bow.
Women wear the panties.
Women wear the traditional abbaya or black cloak.
Women wear the veil in the wake of their success.
Women wear their best dress, usually a flowered, hand-made creation.
Women wear their finery and beautiful gowns.
Women wear their hair in long braids hanging down their backs.
Women wear their hair long, so men also wear their hair long.
Women wear their mates' clothes when they feel close to the one they love.
Women wear their shawls and if they are drummers, men carry their drum sticks.
Women wear traditional dress decorated with molas, intricately stitched appliqued textiles.
Women wear veils both when they are in town and at home.
Women wear veils both while they are in town and at home.
Women wear very colourful longyis with one end tucked into the side.
Women wear vibrant blue dresses, with multi-colored headbands decorated with beads.
Women wear white or blue garments pleated and patterned with beautiful designs.
Women wear wide-sleeved loose gowns, with jackets, long trousers, and ornamented belts.
Women wear yellow saris.
Women wearing academic apparel keep their caps on at all times.
Women wearing colourful clothes take turn on the swing and sing songs.
Women wearing hats seems to be permissible in most every church.
Women wearing headscarves make a supposedly dramatic statement.
Women wearing pants does no harm, and if it makes women more comfortable, so much the better.
Women weave a variety of colorful artisan goods, including tablecloths and belts.
Women weave and embroider, selling their crafts on the market.
Women weave silk scarves that are sold in far-off countries.
Women weave the circle clockwise, passing in front of their partner to start.
Women weave their family's colorful clothing, called 'traje'.
Women weave their llamas' fleece into warm clothing to wear or sell.
Women weave their traditional ikat garments.
Women weep at the caves, some carrying their invalid sons.
Women weigh pounds.
Women welcome the new recognition of their health concerns.
Women welcome the opportunity to have more control over their own bodies.
Women welcome to apply.
Women Welcome to our webpage.
Women welcome with a male escort.
Women whisper to one another how nice the guys are here.
Women whistle, too, but humming is a singularly female thing.
Women wield the power here as they do in parent-teacher groups across Connecticut and the country.
Women wih Open Eyes.
Women will have breakthrough ovulation.
Women will have growth.
Women will have ovulation.
Women will have problems.
Women will have symptoms.
Women willingly look for compromises in accordance with the basic rules of the community.
Women win equal pay.
Women win the right to vote in New Zealand, the first country to embrace female suffrage.
Women win the right to vote in the territory of Wyoming.
Women win the right to vote in the United States.
Women win the right to vote.
Women win the vote in New York State .
Women win the vote in New York state.
Women win the vote.
Women win three of four races while men take two.
Women win, of course.
Women winnow the rice grains and shell peanuts, while the men collect and prepare coconuts.
Women wish health, peace, acknowledgement, success in work and in private life.
Women wish only the warmth of a hearth and the shelter of a roof.
Women wishing to seek information about breast cancer are also welcome.
Women work all the time.
Women work and children play and sleep on the dusty soil.
Women work and cook and shop and meet for lunch and attend dinner parties.
Women work and make their own decisions.
Women work as independent sales people and develop their own clientele.
Women work as the men do, and everyone eats at a common table.
Women work at medical research centres, clinics, hospitals and biotech firms.
Women work because they are supporting themselves and their families.
Women work better in groups.
Women work by choice and of necessity to support themselves and their families.
Women work every bit as hard as the men.
Women work from morning to night, but men see their work merely as obligatory duties.
Women work hard for their money and they are crucial to the health of the economy.
Women work harder than ever to keep the family together under the current conditions.
Women work in a familial model like a family, or a relational model, meaning across.
Women work in a wide range of professions.
Women work in areas where part-time employment and tech change layoffs are fairly common.
Women work in beads and fiber.
Women work in environments and conditions that threaten pregnancy.
Women work in factories.
Women work in low-paid, insecure employment conditions, often in the informal sector.
Women work in pairs and rotate jobs on a weekly basis.
Women work in the fields and generally have a low status.
Women work less hours and collect more welfare and pay less child support.
Women work longer hours than men in every country except Australia, Canada and the United States.
Women work longer hours than men.
Women work mainly in teaching and nursing.
Women work mainly on family farms.
Women work mainly with fiber, while men emphasize wood and paint.
Women work more in professions of the human care area which in general are badly paid.
Women work more in the public sector whereas men are more private sector oriented.
Women work more today because of innovations in household appliances.
Women work more, travel more and have many problems with the public transport system.
Women work mostly as harvesting, landscaping and grounds maintenance labourers.
Women work mostly in service and low-skilled jobs for less pay than men earn.
Women work mostly in the consumer goods industry, supermarket chains and in the service sector.
Women work on the farms, raise children, perform all household jobs and sell goods in the market.
Women work outside the home, drive cars and hold office at the highest levels of government.
Women work over an old-fashioned cooking fire in the centre of the dining room.
Women work part time more often and even stop work in many cases to raise children to school age.
Women work right alongside men, both doing the same exact job.
Women work the lush fields.
Women work the most in our village.
Women work the same way.
Women Work the Web Finding an edge in the dotcom world.
Women work very hard.
Women work well in teams and often put the success of the team before their own personal glory.
Women work with their body, relaxing and allowing labor to progress at it's own pace.
Women work, drive, own property, have access to birth control and vote.
Women working in business either from home or an office venue have to safeguard their assets.
Women working in technology face unique challenges, says the study.
Women working in technology face unique challenges.
Women working in the cooperatives receive as much pay as the men.
Women working outside the home are now the norm rather than the exception.
Women working with media can get information and have contact with other women doing similar work.
Women worldwide are eligible to be nominated for the award.
Women worldwide are victims of discrimination and violence.
Women worldwide can offer their ideas and opinions without feeling isolated or ignored.
Women worry about being hooked on estrogen and about becoming overly dependent on doctors.
Women worry about breast cancer.
Women worry about getting breast cancer, but heart disease is much more of a threat.
Women worry about shapely breasts and thighs.
Women worry about the future until they get a husband.
Women worry more about money.
Women worry that is unrealistic to have children and successful careers as research scientists.
Women worship the banana tree and water it.
Women wove a strong frieze for the men and a coarse flannel which they dyed red for themselves.
Women wove cloth to make their clothing.
Women wove cloth.
Women wove cotton cloth and adopted a European style of dress.
Women wove jeans, blankets and saddle cloths.
Women wove soft bird breast feathers into warm capes and skirts for themselves and the girls.
Women wove the fibre into the fabric of their dresses.
Women wrap it around their body .
Women wrap it around their body.
Women wrap their legs and heads in scarves, and wear their hair in a coil.
Women write about any concerns they have of repeating their parents' mistakes.
Women write about men and men about women.
Women write articles.
Women write differently, and yet in the best writing gender difference is transcended.
Women Write for and From the Kitchen.
Women Write from and for the Kitchen.
Women Write From and For the Kitchen.
Women write more letters.
Women write music.
Women write or draw the conditions of women's lives on large sheets of paper.
Women write scenarios in their minds to create an erotic mood leading toward orgasm.
Women write sheet music.
Women write welcoming ads.
Women writers .
Women writers from a wide range geographically and historically.
Women writers from Canada.
Women writers from Senegal, Zaire, South Africa, Nigeria.
Women writers from Sweden. .
Women writers from the later nineteenth century to the present.
Women writers from the Middle Ages to the present.
Women writers in ancient Greece and Rome.
Women writers in the Middle East, Africa, post-Maoist China and Southeastern Asia.
Women writers on spiritual quest.
Women Writing the West historians visit Carson City schools, morning.
Women WWWomen From feminism to shopping, a comprehensive search directory for women online.
Women yearn and suffer also.
Women yearn for more and better ways to serve.
Women yield their bodies to the operation in a spirit of fatalism.
Women always blame it on the men.
Women always call free.
Women always claim to know more than men.
Women always complain that men never ask for directions.
Women always do.
Women always get to clean it.
Women always go to public restrooms in groups.
Women always have the right to say no to any sexual involvement.
Women always have to be aware of how they're perceived.
Women always hear things at their hairdresser's.
Women always like to get presents, especially from a wonderful man s heart.
Women always lose jobs to men because they're women.
Women always love having their nipples bitten right away, while they're still warming up.
Women always love to look at diamonds.
Women always orgasm when men do.
Women always say that a sense of humor is very attractive.
Women always seem to provide when needed even if they have to storm French palaces just for bread.
Women always seem to suffer the most during times of crisis, whether it is war, famine, or draught.
Women always sits with both knees on one side of the motorcycle.
Women always strive to be more beautiful.
Women always take longer to build toward orgasm than men do.
Women always talk openly.
Women always think they're fat.
Women always use provocative language with men.
Women always use their hands.
Women always wander around castles at night in something sexy.
Women always wear dresses and men long pants.
Women frequently ask questions relating to exercise and menstruation.
Women frequently choose saline implants for breast reconstruction.
Women frequently confuse their identity with that of their children or partner.
Women frequently die at child birth or give birth to premature babies.
Women frequently downplay or deny their own symptoms.
Women frequently have difficulty giving voice to the energy of who they are and where they are.
Women frequently have tears in their eyes.
Women frequently report worsening of premenstrual symptoms.
Women frequently say their health was better during pregnancy than any other time of their life.
Women frequently try to be sympathetic.
Women frequently use patterns that the author associates with other cultures.
Women frequently weep and wail there.
Woman often do volunteer work.
Woman often wind up paying more than men do for similar products and services.
Women often access health services through gynecology, seeking birth control.
Women often accuse innocent men of rape.
Women often allow it to go untreated for many reasons.
Women often apply for land titles in their husband's name.
Women often are concerned about a hysterectomy affecting their sexual function.
Women often are easier to teach than men.
Women often are poorer negotiators than men.
Women often are reluctant to seek redress of domestic disputes in the courts.
Women often ask about alternative therapies to treat menopause.
Women often ask how they can become more global in their approaches to feminism.
Women often assume activist roles while holding together their families and communities.
Women often attribute their drinking to a traumatic event or stress.
Women often attribute their weight gain to the hormone replacement.
Women often avoid chest training.
Women often bear the brunt of the epidemic.
Women often bear the brunt of the suffering resulting from poverty and violence.
Women often become care givers, trying to gain love by taking care of others.
Women often begin dancing because it's a skill they've been meaning to acquire.
Women often blame their husbands for the lack of intimacy in their relationship.
Women often blame themselves.
Women often call a cab and ask for a female driver.
Women often call each other to keep up to date.
Women often can pump breast milk at work, too.
Women often carry containers of milk and cheese to sell or trade in local markets.
Women often change their names when they get married.
Women often chat with each other in public restrooms, as a social convention.
Women often choose abortion when faced with an unwanted pregnancy.
Women often cite the lower status of females in Japan than in many other developed countries.
Women often complain about the lack of adequate medical services.
Women often compromise in relationships.
Women often conform to the system - they feel bound to follow the male system.
Women often confuse being needed with being loved.
Women often contribute to the family income by initiating enterprises.
Women often criticize men for intellectualizing their grief.
Women often cry lots and lots.
Women often describe the pain differently.
Women often describe their periods as a negative experience.
Women often develop symptoms after delivering a baby.
Women often die due to lack of transport to clinics.
Women often display Martian qualities and men often display Venutian qualities.
Women often divert their anger instead of expressing it.
Women often do a lot of aerobic exercise doing housecleaning.
Women often do it to fit some cultural ideal, rather than for enjoyment or health.
Women often do.
Women often earn less than their male counterparts and subsequently struggle to keep out of poverty.
Women often eat last and least, even when pregnant and nursing.
Women often encounter shame issues around body issues as it is.
Women often end up carrying the burden of housework and their own sickness.
Women often enjoy talking about their family.
Women often enjoy the feeling of penetration during oral sex.
Women often experience a rise in blood pressure when they reach menopause.
Women often experience a sensation of pressure and oftentimes feel menstrual-like cramping.
Women often experience an increase in seizures during ovulation and menstruation.
Women often experience drastic fluctuations in libido that are often puzzling and problematic.
Women often experience entirely different symptoms for the same ailments than men do.
Women often experience migraines during their menstrual period.
Women often experience old memories following the placing of an instrument in the uterus.
Women often experience the symptoms of myocardial infarction differently than men.
Women often face double or triple discrimination.
Women often face more and greater employment difficulties than male colleagues.
Women often face prejudice and criticism about breast-feeding instead of instruction and support.
Women often face unique challenges in the business world.
Women often fail to realize that men have a LOT of anxiety about sex.
Women often fail to recognize the symptoms of heart disease, and even heart attacks.
Women often fantasize about seducing a Catholic priest.
Women often fantasize and their stories are a result of deep-seated needs for attention.
Women often fear impoverishment and running out of money.
Women often feel about as welcome as a system crash.
Women often feel embarassed to talk about it.
Women often feel frightened and violated by some of the more invasive fertility tests.
Women often feel frightened and violated by the infertility tests.
Women often feel more at liberty to express their views without fear of male reproach.
Women often feel pressured to accept marriage proposals from men.
Women often feel responsible for the problems of the world, alone and overwhelmed.
Women often feel superior to men in terms of morals.
Women often feel that they have to know how to do something before they do it.
Women often feel their role is passive in tango, and men are afraid when the woman has a voice.
Women often feel they are excluded from men's informal networks.
Women often feel they are on two different wave lengths when communicating with men.
Women often feel violated - and use the language of rape to describe their experience.
Women often find it difficult to be unique.
Women often find it easier and more effective to call on the water master to gain extra use.
Women often find their joints are swollen and ache for a week or two.
Women often find their skin looks pale and uneven.
Women often find themselves covered with a strange liquid or 'slime', men less often.
Women often find themselves in marginalized positions prior to disaster.
Women often focus on comfort and hiding figure flaws.
Women often gain proportionately more.
Women often get relief from painful menstrual cycles while on the pill.
Women often get some mild forms of edema during pregnancy.
Women often get up in the middle of the night to get to the water source.
Women often give a kiss on the cheek.
Women often go home the same day.
Women often go insane over love.
Women often go online with very specific to-do lists.
Women often greet each other with a kiss on the cheek.
Women often harvest the grain crops and grind the grain by hand.
Women often have a history of physical or sexual abuse or are currently in abusive relationships.
Women often have a love-hate relationship with breads, cereals and other grain products.
Women often have care-giving responsibilities for their parents as well as their children.
Women often have different privacy concerns than men.
Women often have difficulty obtaining improved seeds or fertilizer or technical information.
Women often have emotional motivations to start and keep smoking.
Women often have fewer symptoms initially than men when infected with gonorrhea.
Women often have ill children.
Women often have less control over when, where and whether sex takes place.
Women often have less morning sickness and more energy.
Women often have low magnesium.
Women often have more severe first episodes than men.
Women often have no signs.
Women often have no time to look after themselves, physically or emotionally.
Women often have phobias at a younger age than men do.
Women often have proportionally shorter torsos and arms than men.
Women often have short torsos and long legs, compared to men of the same height.
Women often have to disguise their choices as something that is done for an others benefit.
Women often have to walk across prison grounds to get back to their cells after major surgery.
Women often have to walk long distances to collect water and fuel.
Women often have transient blockage during childbirth.
Women often have unequal access to resources such as property, credit, training and technology.
Women often have very crazy and unconscious strategies.
Women often instigate it.
Women often join swimming to be social and to get in better shape.
Women often join the military to gain job training and break out of traditional roles.
Women often keep their own family name.
Women often know far too little about biopsy, a common medical procedure.
Women often lack control over their earnings or income.
Women often lack sufficiently rapid access to clinical services.
Women often learn quicker, perhaps because they have fewer ego problems.
Women often leave unsatisfied.
Women often lie about being raped, especially if they are accusing a date.
Women often lie about being raped.
Women often live on the margins of lectionary texts.
Women often look better after their surgeries than they did before they had implants.
Women often lose their desire for sex in the midlife years.
Women often make false reports of rape.
Women often make mistakes in choosing men.
Women often make the mistake of assuming conversation has the same function for men.
Women often make their own, with fabric stores stocking hundreds of fabrics for the sole purpose.
Women often metabolize more magnesium during their premenstrual period.
Women often miss out on critical opportunites to save their own lives.
Women often network without an agenda.
Women often notice changes in their cycles when they re in their early forties or even before then.
Women often perceive that the risks associated with taking estrogen outweigh the benefits.
Women often play exactly the same persecuting role they experience in relation to their children.
Women often present cardiac symptoms late, when the disease has progressed.
Women often present with additional psychosocial factors.
Women often provoke assaults and deserve what they get.
Women often pursue nontraditional multidisciplinary specialties like biomedical engineering.
Women often pursue thinner bodies despite already being at a healthy weight.
Women often react to the violent aspects of the rape as well as the sexual aspects.
Women often rely on their significant others characteristics and business contributions.
Women often report being tapped from behind but turn to find no one there.
Women often report chocolate cravings in the premenstrual week.
Women often report difficulty with contracting their pelvic muscles after childbirth.
Women often report fewer migraines during pregnancy due to more consistent hormonal levels.
Women often report increased sex drive and irregular periods.
Women often report that the odor is particularly embarrassing after sexual intercourse.
Women often say that the quickest way to romantic sex is through words from the heart.
Women often say they feel a pang when their child is fully weaned.
Women often say they have been raped in order to protect their reputation.
Women often say they want intimacy with their men.
Women often see their physicians to manage symptoms related to the menopause.
Women often seek equal opportunities in education and work.
Women often seek hormonal treatment.
Women often settle for less than they really want.
Women often shave the axillary hair to effect the pre-puberty look.
Women often shop for recreation, and men collect cars, stereo equipment, and boats.
Women often sing while working and greet one another in song.
Women often smile more, and they have a rising intonation at the end of a sentence.
Women often start wearing scarves or hats to hide their thin hair.
Women often stay away from dairy products, because they are afraid of the fat.
Women often stop menstruating, and anorexia generally leads to bone-density loss.
Women often strive to live by intellect.
Women often struggle against sexual oppression, against victimization, against stereotyping.
Women often suffer an extra burden performing a double shift doing most of the household tasks.
Women often suffer cruel physical and emotional abuse from their alcoholic husbands.
Women often suffer health problems related to low magnesium levels.
Women often symbolize and demarcate boundaries between social, religious and ethnic groups.
Women often take arguments too literally and certainly too personally.
Women often take aspirin and nonsteroidal medications for menstrual cramps.
Women often take care of medicines for the whole family, as well as themselves.
Women often take center stage as main characters.
Women often take on greater, more time-consuming family responsibilities than men.
Women often take the initiative.
Women often think that they can rely on their husbands' pensions, but they are wrong.
Women often think that when it comes to brains, men are a couple of dishes short of a full banquet.
Women often think they are less at risk for digestive illnesses than men are.
Women often tie colourful bead strings around their waists.
Women often times driving very close to the steering wheel can suffer significant injury.
Women often try one branch of intellect after another in their youth, e.g., mathematics.
Women often turn energy inward, resulting in mental illness and addiction.
Women often turn to each other for support and basic survival in ways that men don t do as often.
Women often turn to midwifery care when they begin to seriously consider their birth plans.
Women often use it as a head cloth to rest their baskets, or to carry their baby or groceries.
Women often use soaps as a way of talking indirectly about their own attitudes and behavior.
Women often use winstrol depot but occasionally it can cause virilization, even at low dosages.
Women often wake up in the wee hours of the morning and have great difficulty getting back to sleep.
Women often wear purple, the color associated with old age and wisdom.
Women often wear the yukata to festivals.
Women often wind up paying more than men do for similar products and services.
Women often wonder what men think of marriage and other important life situations.
Women sometimes act afraid of physical and emotional closeness with other women.
Women sometimes approach it through communication and come to intimacy and sexual expression.
Women sometimes are the type who hate to mess their hair.
Women sometimes assist in the hunt and the men sometimes help gather plant foods.
Women sometimes become very anxious.
Women sometimes bring their hands closer together, as with the formal standing bow.
Women sometimes commit especially cruel and clever crimes.
Women sometimes consider buying a townhouse because the buying process can be easier.
Women sometimes develop a third kind of diabetes, gestational diabetes , during pregnancy.
Women sometimes experience difficulty achieving orgasm due to adhesions of the clitoris.
Women sometimes fail to empower themselves in their relationships.
Women sometimes feel alienated, unwelcome and inadequate.
Women sometimes have cancer of the lip.
Women sometimes have it, but it is most common in men and the obese.
Women sometimes like things to be more dynamic.
Women sometimes lose interest as a result.
Women sometimes pretend to be men in order to avoid the possible injection of online sexuality.
Women sometimes pronounce s as h, reducing the inventory still further.
Women sometimes refuse to go.
Women sometimes say it develops over time.
Women sometimes search for alternatives because they fear the toxic effects of standard therapies.
Women sometimes suffer from severe vaginal itch or a rash under the breasts.
Women sometimes wear bright cotton or silk dresses and silk scarves.
Women sometimes wear scarves on top of their caps.
Women sometimes write 'Love' to their female penpals, even in their first mails.
Woman usually has the last word first.
Women usually allow their hair to grow long.
Women usually are more confident when they feel cherished.
Women usually are only comfortable with the lifestyle when they are in a secure relationship.
Women usually avoid the possibility of contacting the disease.
Women usually begin with pills and proceed, if unsuccessful, to more expensive needle injections.
Women usually care more about children than men so the use of a female announcer makes sense.
Women usually combine love and sex.
Women usually cook, carry water, wash clothes, and tend livestock.
Women usually deck up in a red bordered white saree.
Women usually describe it as a metallic taste.
Women usually describe the bleeding and cramps as resembling a heavier than normal menstrual period.
Women usually do have the second shift.
Women usually do.
Women usually dominate public discussions.
Women usually don t develop symptoms of cervical cancer until the cancer has become invasive.
Women usually donate their amniotic tissue after they have given labor.
Women usually experience increased sex drive.
Women usually experience limited range of motion in the jaw.
Women usually fall in love in their first years of college.
Women usually feel a small amount of pain during first-trimester abortion .
Women usually feel a small amount of pain during first-trimester abortion.
Women usually find their identity through their relationships.
Women usually fit one size smaller.
Women usually fool around for emotional support.
Women usually gather fruits, nuts, and other vegetable foods.
Women usually get into and out of spiritual trouble more quickly than men.
Women usually go home the same day.
Women usually go home with a drainage tube under the arm.
Women usually go to hairdressers instead .
Women usually go to hairdressers instead.
Women usually handle the family finances and are trained to do so when quite young.
Women usually have a higher incidence of urinary tract infections than men do.
Women usually have a mirror in their purse.
Women usually have an extra layer of fat under their skin which helps insulate body temperature.
Women usually have drinking problems at later ages.
Women usually have excess hair growth on their faces, necks, chests, abdomens, and thighs.
Women usually have gout after menopause.
Women usually have more than one reason for deciding to seek an abortion.
Women usually have periods until menopause .
Women usually have their own plots of land near their homes.
Women usually have two ovaries, one on each side of the uterus.
Women usually inherit status and property directly from their mothers in matrilineal societies.
Women usually inherit two X chromosomes-one from each parent.
Women usually know when they are going to have sex, whereas men can be surprised.
Women usually knows what they are doing, but men mostly make problems.
Women usually lack the physical prowess possessed by men.
Women usually like to dress up.
Women usually like to know all the details.
Women usually live longer than men.
Women usually make decisions on foods purchased and served.
Women usually make less money than men.
Women usually make up their minds based on how they ve been treated.
Women usually make up their minds based on how they've been treated.
Women usually mature faster than men.
Women usually ought to talk less.
Women usually play from the jade tees or the more challenging copper ones.
Women usually pray at home, but if they do worship at the mosque, they are separated from the men.
Women usually prefer a filet.
Women usually produce very low levels of androgens.
Women usually recover in a few days.
Women usually reside in their sorority house during their third year.
Women usually resort to overdoses and are often brought to hospital before they die.
Women usually ride side saddle.
Women usually say they have enough cob webs at home.
Women usually seek standard acne therapies such as topical preparations, antibiotics or Accutane.
Women usually serve as primary caregivers for their families.
Women usually smoke cigarettes with lower tar and nicotine levels than men.
Women usually start a sentence more softly.
Women usually stay in the hospital for one night after giving birth.
Women usually stop before that is possible.
Women usually suffer in silence because whistle blowers often lose their jobs.
Women usually take a size and a half smaller number than in women's numbers.
Women usually take one pill each day when they are using birth control pills.
Women usually take pills for their pain and digestive enzymes.
Women usually take responsibility for unpaid household work and the nurturing work of child rearing.
Women usually turn elsewhere first.
Women usually use a lot of estrogen when they grow older.
Women usually use a pad or a tampon to keep the blood from staining their undergarments .
Women usually use a pad or a tampon to keep the blood from staining their undergarments.
Women usually wait much longer than men.
Women usually wear a long-sleeved blouse and a sarong or kain.
Women usually wear a plain colored dress with long sleeves, bonnet and apron.
Women usually wear a 'sulu' skirt under their skirt.
Women usually wear casual dresses or nice slacks to showers.
Women usually wear comfortable dresses in the evenings and normal resort wear around the hotels.
Women usually wear dresses.
Women usually wear heavy clothing that is brightly embroidered.
Women usually wear heavy clothing that is embroidered with vivid colors.
Women usually wear large, heavy gold earrings that rip wide holes in their earlobes.
Women usually wear long-sleeved blouses with sarongs or kains.
Women usually wear professional attire - skirt or pant suit.
Women usually wear skirts or dresses, though pants are fine.
Women usually wear white aprons, earrings, rings and bracelets.
Women usually work harder than men.
All woman buy jewelry and wear it to look more interesting, as do men to some degree.
All women act the same.
All women age forty and older are at risk for breast cancer.
All women are alike.
All women are at risk .
All women are at risk and one's risk increases with advancing age.
All women are at risk and one's risk increases with age.
All women are at risk and that risk increases with age.
All women are at risk for breast cancer regardless of age, race, ethnicity or sexual orientation.
All women are at risk for breast cancer, however, some women are at higher risk.
All women are at risk for breast cancer.
All women are at risk for developing breast cancer and one's risk increases with advancing age.
All women are at risk for developing breast cancer, and one's risk increases with advancing age.
All women are at risk for developing breast cancer.
All women are at risk for developing cancer of the cervix.
All women are at risk for emotional swings when they experience extreme hormonal shifts.
All women are at risk for osteoporosis after menopause.
All women are at risk of breast cancer.
ALL women are at risk of breast cancer.
All women are at risk of developing breast cancer during their lifetime.
All women are at risk of developing breast cancer simply because of their gender.
All women are at risk of developing breast cancer.
All women are at risk of getting breast cancer.
All women are at risk of getting fibroids.
All women are at risk, and risk increases with age.
All women are at risk, and the risk increases with advancing age.
All women are at risk.
All women are at some risk of breast cancer.
All women are beautiful, yet some are more.
All women are beautiful.
All women are big flirts, but, whatever.
All women are born with all the eggs they are ever going to have.
All women are brilliant.
All women are cordially welcome to attend the meeting.
All women are daughters of a mother.
All women are different in health and can have different requirements during pregnancy.
All women are different, after all.
All women are different.
All women are diverse and complex as snowflakes.
All women are douchebags, except our mothers.
All women are economically dependent on a male relative.
All women are eligible to sail in the regatta.
All women are equally likely to develop incontinence.
All women are faithless.
All women are groupies.
All Women Are Healers.
All women are inferior to all men.
All women are maternal.
All women are misfits.
All women are models with perfect bodies, breasts and buts.
All women are mortal.
All women are most welcome.
All women are naturally attractive.
All women are noisy fucks.
All women are potential liars.
All women are potential victims of sexual assault.
All women are slaves in Holdfast.
All women are sluts, pardner.
All women are special.
All women are the same.
All women are two faced and have double standards.
All women are unique and so are their bodies.
All women are vulnerable to depression, regardless of race, age, or income.
All women are vulnerable to sexual assault and rape.
All women are warmly welcome and urged to join in any activity.
All women are welcome and asked to bring their ideas.
All women are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All women are welcome and invited to bring an appetizer to share.
All women are welcome and most come on the holidays on their own.
All women are welcome and the main room is accessible.
All women are welcome at our programs.
All women are welcome here.
All women are welcome to attend SBWN activities.
All women are welcome to attend.
All women are welcome to come.
All women are welcome to join any of our circle groups.
All women are welcome to join in the non-competitive event.
All women are welcome to join in their studies.
All women are welcome to join our fellowship.
All women are welcome to join our webring in an effort to make a web-wide circle of sisters.
All women are welcome to join the non - denominational studies.
All women are welcome to join the team at any time.
All women are welcome to participate.
All women are welcome to the circle.
All women are welcome, and participants range in age from young women to senior citizens.
All women are welcome, however.
All women are welcome, whether new to the area or longtime residents.
All women are welcome.
ALL women are welcome.
All women are XX, meaning they received one X chromosome from each parent.
All women are.
All women become drier as they approach and proceed through menopause.
All women become like their mothers.
All women begin to lose bone density after menopause.
All women can be victims of sexual assaults.
All women can benefit from any kind of exercise that tugs and pulls on bones.
All women can decrease their risk of developing osteoporosis by taking preventive measures now.
All women can enjoy domesticity without the drudgery.
All women can get to a stage of actually becoming orgasmic.
All women can try it at home.
All women cherish their jewellery, be it precious, semi-precious or even imitation.
All women compare.
All women compete in one division.
All women considering seeking public office or running for higher office are eligible to attend.
All women deserve equal access to high quality health care, including abortion services.
All women deserve respect and a life free from fear and abuse.
All women deserve the right to reproductive choice and the availability of safe and legal abortions.
All women deserve to be treated that early.
All women die.
All women do is talk.
All women do, or many.
All women do.
All women dream of waking up with glowing radiant skin.
All women enjoy a good finger lashing, but it is necessary to have clean hands and short nails.
All women enter free and everybody gets to enjoy live music.
All women experience a gradual thinning of their vaginal tissue beginning in menopause.
All women experience menopause differently.
All women faculty are welcome to attend and meet their new colleagues.
All women faculty members are welcome.
All women find different ways of trying to come to terms with the change to their bodies.
All women gain weight at different rates during pregnancy, but there are general recommendations.
All women get sympathetic treatment when they become pregnant.
All women go through menopause, and yet it is a topic often avoided in general conversation.
All women go through menopause.
All women graduate students from any school are invited to speak.
All women hate mice.
All women have a chain of events that takes place within their bodies during the fertility cycle.
All women have a G-spot.
All women have a stated interest in marriage with foreign men.
All women have an equal risk of getting breast cancer and dying from it.
All women have appealing features.
All women have blood tests for syphilis at their first prenatal visit.
All women have considerably lower mean incomes compared to their male counterparts.
All women have different genetic potentials.
All women have different variables attached to their decision.
All women have dreams, yet they always fall behind the everyday requirements of life.
All women have free access to reproductive health care.
All women have one breast that is larger than the other.
All women have responsibility to their job, home, husband and churches.
All Women Have Secrets.
All women have sexual fantasies that they are too afraid to reveal.
All women have some degree of separation of the abdominal muscles, which lessens with exercise.
All women have some vaginal discharge.
All women have stories inside waiting to be discovered and expressed.
All women have the right to ask questions about their health.
All women have the right to be paid time off work for ante-natal care.
All women have the right to be safe and violence against women is against the law.
All women have the right to chose motherhood as their primary vacation.
All women have the right to own property and sign contracts.
All women have the right to refuse to participate.
All women have the right to to be treated as equal as men.
All women hustle.
All women involved are survivors of rape.
All women keep score.
All women know the fear of rape, the threat of rape, and all too often the reality of rape.
All women learn in childhood that women as a sex are men's prey.
All women lose a small amount of blood during delivery.
All women love candles.
All women love facials.
All women love it and appreciate it.
All women love pears.
All women love to get it on with other women.
All women love to hear that they are the greatest, the sweetest, the loveliest.
All women love to swallow.
All women maintain their maiden names.
All women make testosterone.
All women moan during sex, but none sweat.
All women ought to be straight and beautiful.
All women ought to receive instruction regarding diet during pregnancy.
All women participate in determining house rules and policies as well as electing house officer.
All women participating in the study receive standard chemotherapy prior to their surgery.
All women physicians, nurses, and staff.
All women play different roles at different times in their lives.
All women possess many faces.
All women possess within themselves a certain erotic power.
All women receive a long-stemmed rose at the end of the meal.
All women require mammogram screening according to the latest guidelines.
All women schools for one thing.
All women secrete moisture and mucus from membranes that line the vagina.
All women start behaving like their moms at one point or another.
All women suffer a progressive thinning of bones and skin after the menopause.
All women suffer pain and trauma from a sexual assault, even many years later.
All women think they have ugly feet.
All women trek to the North Pole.
All women undergoing a mastectomy are candidates for immediate or delayed reconstruction.
All women understand how to shop.
All women UTEP students are eligible.
All women wear revealing clothing and have great bodies.
All women wear the designated clothing for their position and are strictly regulated.
All women welcome.
All women wove, from the humblest of peasants to the wives of kings.
Any woman can be a lesbian, says the song.
Any woman can be a victim, but domestic violence is a community-wide issue.
Any woman can be a victim, even the strong.
Any woman can become a member, regardless of nationality, religion, home circumstances, etc.
Any woman can become a seductress of men.
Any woman can become a super woman with a heart.
Any woman can become a victim of violence.
Any woman can benefit from prepregnancy planning.
Any woman can certainly relate to the lyrics.
Any woman can develop breast cancer.
Any woman can develop cervical cancer.
Any woman can develop gestational diabetes during pregnancy.
Any woman can experience an unusually short or long cycle at any time.
Any woman can feel stressed about the life changes and looming decisions that come with pregnancy.
Any woman can get breast cancer.
Any woman can get burnout, from housewife to corporate president.
Any woman can get cancer of the breast or cervix.
Any woman can get cancer.
Any woman can get cervical cancer.
Any woman can have a child with a neural tube defect.
Any woman can have breast cancer.
Any woman can miscarry, but some are more at risk than others.
Any woman can use invective and vitriol against any other woman whose political ideologies differ.
Any woman can use the internet to discover information about different birth choices.
Any woman can.
Any woman expecting a baby needs a doula.
Any woman facing an unplanned pregnancy has a choice - a very personal choice.
Any woman is at risk.
Any woman is Beautiful in the right pose.
Any woman knows that most men have a certain prurient interest in nude female bodies.
Any woman living in the district is eligible for nomination.
Any women can experience side effects from the birth control pill.
Every woman adores a fascist.
Every woman benefits from having a safe, confidential place to talk and listen.
Every woman can be a leader.
Every woman can decline to have anything to do with contraception.
Every woman can easily switch back to synchronization by simulating moonlight with a bedroom lamp.
Every woman can eventually.
Every woman can experience a complication during pregnancy and delivery.
Every woman can live with passion.
Every woman can relate.
Every woman comes here in a different place.
Every woman comes with a wondrous and surreal story.
Every woman deals with stress.
Every woman deserves quality, comfort, and support .
Every woman deserves the right to know all the risks of abortion, including breast cancer.
Every woman deserves to be pampered.
Every woman deserves to look and feel sexy as often as possible.
Every woman deserves to rest and relax.
Every woman desires sex with their boss.
Every woman does it at one time or another.
Every woman does.
Every woman enjoys being pampered.
Every woman expects to be able to carry a baby to term and bring into the world a healthy child.
Every woman experiences perimenopause differently.
Every woman experiences the hormonal changes prior to menopause differently.
Every woman facing a crisis pregnancy has spiritual needs as well as physical needs.
Every woman falls into one or two of the five type categories.
Every woman fears breast cancer.
Every woman feels some fear as childbirth approaches.
Every woman gets a flower hand delivered by the owner.
Every woman goes through menopause, which has repercussions regarding the sexual relationship.
Every woman has a different definition of feminism.
Every woman has a different experience with endometriosis.
Every woman has a different threshold for pain.
Every woman has a fantasy.
Every woman has a killer body.
Every woman has a maternal instinct that looks to generations to come.
Every woman has a medical file, and the implant is listed there.
Every woman has a message.
Every woman has a natural instinct for mothering.
Every woman has a normal discharge.
Every woman has a right to a life free from violence.
Every woman has a unique family and financial situation.
Every woman has a voice, an intuition, and a strength beyond words.
Every woman has choices to make in birth.
Every woman has different feelings about sexual pleasure.
Every woman has figure flaws.
Every woman has responsibilities.
Every woman has some amount of lumpy bumpy feel to their breasts.
Every woman has some level of charm and sexuality.
Every woman has some risk for developing breast cancer, and that risk increases as women get older.
Every woman has some risk of breast cancer.
Every woman has the chance to speak and be heard.
Every woman has the right to be free from violence in both the public and private spheres.
Every woman has the right to choose.
Every woman has the right to live a life free of violence.
Every woman has the right to live in safety.
Every woman has the right to live without violence.
Every woman has the sacred knowledge.
Every woman has to struggle.
Every woman have a piece of Aphrodite, copulate to create a state of sexual light.
Every woman is a cocksucker, and so are many men.
Every woman is a hormonal individual.
Every woman is a lesbian.
Every woman is a Medea.
Every Woman is a melodious, poetic journey through womanhood.
Every woman is a potential victim.
Every woman is a priestess guarding the temenos of daemonic mysteries.
Every woman is a teacher, every woman needs to be taught, to be held.
Every woman is affected differently.
Every woman is an individual.
Every woman is at risk for breast cancer, and that risk increases with age.
Every woman is at risk for breast cancer.
Every woman is at risk for developing breast cancer.
Every woman is at risk for the development of breast cancer.
Every woman is at risk of breast cancer, and the risk increases as women grow older.
Every woman is at risk of developing breast cancer.
Every woman is at risk regardless of breast size, race or socioeconomic status.
Every woman is at risk, and early detection provides the best chance for recovery.
Every woman is at risk, but some more than others.
Every woman is at risk.
Every woman is back in the room.
Every woman is beautiful and intelligent.
Every woman is beautiful, yet some are more.
Every woman is beautiful.
Every woman is born with the instincts of a mother and daughter.
Every woman is born with thousands of eggs.
Every woman is completely law-abiding.
Every woman is considered an aviation hazard.
Every woman is different and each pregnancy is different.
Every woman is different and has different needs and desires.
Every woman is different and therefore responds differently to each treatment.
Every woman is different, and every pregnancy is different.
Every woman is different, as is every man.
Every woman is different, some have more discharge than normal.
Every woman is different.
Every woman is encouraged to attend.
Every woman is entitled to the right to choose.
Every woman is focussed.
Every woman is given spare clothing to wear home.
Every woman is like a timezone.
Every woman is man, every man is woman.
Every woman is phenomenal, in a most special way.
Every woman is potentially at risk for ovarian cancer.
Every woman is potentially capable of having seven basic types of orgasms.
Every woman is special and deserves to be treated as an individual.
Every woman is special.
Every woman is stronger than some man.
Every woman is supposed to have the same set of motives or else to be a monster.
Every woman is supposed to have the same set of motives, or else to be a monster.
Every woman is taken by surprise.
Every woman is that same innocent woman.
Every woman is uiquely different.
Every woman is unique and deserves a careful, individualized evaluation.
Every woman is unique and every pregnancy is different.
Every woman is unique.
Every woman is uniquely different.
Every woman is vulnerable.
Every woman is welcome.
Every woman knows about stress.
Every woman knows all about everything.
Every woman knows how bad period pain can be.
Every woman knows it.
Every woman knows just how hard it is to pick a new gynecologist.
Every woman knows that changing from flats to heels requires a change of motion, balance and gait.
Every woman knows that dish washing is the most dreaded of all household work.
Every woman knows that shopping for swimwear can be a traumatic experience.
Every woman knows that staying home is hard work.
Every woman knows there is no absolute guarantee.
Every woman knows what that means.
Every woman learns how to bleed from the moon.
Every woman likes nice underwear.
Every woman likes to be slim.
Every woman likes to read about that.
Every woman loves a bath.
Every woman loves a challenge.
Every woman loves a makeover.
Every woman loves romance.
Every woman loves to feel and look beautiful.
Every woman loves to receive surprise presents.
Every woman needs a beautiful handbag.
Every woman needs a deep, satisfying, intimate love relationship.
Every woman needs a man.
Every woman needs a mother.
Every woman needs an annual pelvic examination.
Every woman needs midwifery care at the time of giving birth.
Every Woman Needs One.
Every woman needs the facts about breast cancer.
Every woman needs the opportunity to compete.
Every woman needs to feel special.
Every woman needs to know about mammograms.
Every woman notices a crying child.
Every woman partakes in the chain of guardianship and of transmission.
Every woman reacts differently to different methods of treatment.
Every woman reacts to a mastectomy differently.
Every woman reacts to discomfort differently.
Every woman receives regular follow-up examinations.
Every woman risks getting breast cancer.
Every woman runs the risk of developing cervical cancer.
Every Woman starts off with a strong soloist singing, well, solo.
Every woman suffers and is traumatized by a sexual assault, even several years later.
Every woman touches on it because of the way our society is.
Every woman wants beautiful diamonds.
Every woman wants one.
Every woman wants to be a man's last.
Every woman wants to be beautiful.
Every woman wants to be romanced.
Every woman wants to be the center of attention.
Every woman wants to have beautiful younger, healthy looking skin.
Every woman wants to look like some other famous woman that they see.
Every women desire to posses well developed curves to attract the opposite sex.
Every women has a feature that is attractive to different people, for different reason.
Every women is a hero.
Every women is different, every one deserves to be respected.
Every women is different.
Every women knows that.
Every women likes to feel good.
Every women likes to smell good.
Many women often avoid technology.
Many women often bleach or shave hair on their face and upper lip.
Many women often try to justify the abuser's actions.
Many woman actually dream of the entire birthing process.
Many woman also notice abdominal pain, blood-spotting and mood changes.
Many woman create a ritual before undergoing chemo.
Many woman suffer prolonged and mysterious vaginal irritation and pelvic pain.
Many woman take invasive hormonal forms of birth control.
Many women act as laundresses or soldier s wives.
Many women actively encourage male answering behavior.
Many women actually feel ovulation.
Many women adjust to taking the Pill with few or no problems.
Many women admit to trying out their husbands' blade razor and coveting it for themselves.
Many women affected by endometriosis can live reasonably normal lives.
Many women agree that an empty stomach causes extreme nausea.
Many women agree.
Many women also achieve improvement in breast lift as well.
Many women also believe they are incapable of becoming very strong.
Many women also benefit from counseling during mid-life changes.
Many women also choose to use drugs to help manage the pain.
Many women also complain that they are always the ones asked to serve food or drink.
Many women also consider the loss of menses to be an advantage.
Many women also continue to draw water from the open wells, some by habit, others for convenience.
Many women also continue to see their gynecologists.
Many women also enjoy sex more without having to worry about pregnancy.
Many women also experience changes in their vagina.
Many women also experience heat rash, caused by dampness and perspiration, during pregnancy.
Many women also experience irregular periods.
Many women also experience low mood during their premenstrual phase.
Many women also experience major lifestyle changes.
Many women also experience nausea or headaches.
Many women also feel vaguely ill, with backache, fatigue, and weight loss.
Many women also find it virtually impossible to obtain legal counsel.
Many women also find strength in their spirituality and faith.
Many women also find taking notes useful while talking with their doctor.
Many women also find that irritability and headaches decrease when they cut their caffeine intake.
Many women also find that self-help remedies alleviate painful symptoms of thrush.
Many women also find they help with their monthly cycles.
Many women also give their infants supplements or water too early in life.
Many women also have a brownish discharge up until their first period.
Many women also have a watery discharge from the vagina after the procedure.
Many women also have jobs, further complicating matters.
Many women also have premenstrual fatigue or fatigue that s related to menopause.
Many women also have various other symptoms.
Many women also lack the knowledge and awareness of heart attack warning signs.
Many women also love dungarees.
Many women also make a homebrew, which they sell.
Many women also notice changes in their breasts during their menstrual cycle.
Many women also produce too much estrogen.
Many women also raise their feet on a footstool or phonebook to help raise their knees.
Many women also say it s time for employers to pay women fairly.
Many women also say they feel relieved or empowered after an abortion.
Many women also strike back in self-defense.
Many women also suffer hair loss, but it's almost always much less severe.
Many women also suffer mental health problems such as depression.
Many women also think that being male is superior to being female.
Many women also use a footstool or a large telephone book to raise their feet and their lap.
Many women also wear fashion boots.
Many women appear to be encouraged to fear men and to circumscribe their public behaviour.
Many women appreciate a wide cock compared to a too long one that pokes around painfully.
Many women approach internships differently than men.
Many women approach menopause expecting menstrual flow to taper off and finally stop.
Many women approach motherhood with a sense of wonderment and cautious optimism.
Many women approach their first sexual encounter with the same mixture of excitement and fear.
Many women are able to alter the shapes of their bodies.
Many women are able to become pregnant after surgical removal of the growths.
Many women are able to go home a few hours after the procedure.
Many women are able to quit during pregnancy.
Many women are able to successfully nurse their babies with silicone implants.
Many women are active in society, but often they had to give something up.
Many women are addicted and have great difficulty stopping their drug and alcohol use.
Many women are afraid of getting older.
Many women are afraid of hurting men's feelings.
Many women are afraid of the possible risks associated with estrogen therapy.
Many women are afraid they'll gain weight and get bulky with strength training.
Many women are afraid to give birth.
Many women are afraid to go for a walk after dark, for fear of being raped.
Many women are afraid to report being raped.
Many women are afraid to reveal their drug use, whether licit or illicit.
Many women are also concerned about potential adverse health effects of fertility drugs.
Many women are also depressed before hysterectomy.
Many women are also interested in the potential long term health benefits of soy.
Many women are also reluctant to welcome men into a battle they have fought for so long.
Many women are also the sole family provider.
Many women are also unpaid carers, responsible for spouses and ageing parents.
Many women are ambiguous when they first discover that they are pregnant.
Many women are ambivalent when they first discover that they are pregnant.
Many women are and have been crushed by far lesser tasks.
Many women are angry about religious patriarchy and have abandoned their religions.
Many women are anxious about physical complications.
Many women are anxious to drop off the extra weight they gained over the nine months.
Many women are ashamed to report rapes, thus the rapists go free.
Many women are asymptomatic or present with minimal or atypical symptoms and signs.
Many women are at no greater risk of having another loss than anyone else in the population.
Many women are believers and their husbands are alcoholics.
Many women are comfortable talking to a gynecologist, nurse practitioner or counselor.
Many women are completely satisfied using a pessary for years - avoiding surgery all together.
Many women are concerned about benign breast conditions.
Many women are concerned about the discomfort and radiation dose of a mammogram.
Many women are concerned about the exposure to x-rays during mammography.
Many women are concerned about the importance of calcium in their diet to prevent osteoporosis.
Many women are concerned about the risks of long-term estrogen use.
Many women are concerned about undesirable side effects of any form of contraceptive.
Many women are concerned that breast cancer seems to run in their family.
Many women are confused about what constitutes a high risk for breast cancer.
Many women are creative and skilled writers.
Many women are culturally unprepared to be assertive and protect themselves.
Many women are deficient in calcium, iron, folate and zinc.
Many women are eager to be induced, especially if they are near or past their due dates.
Many women are either unaware or in denial about discrimination in their own career experience.
Many women are every bit as qualified as a lot of the men who have declared themselves qualified.
Many women are expert jugglers of work, family and multiple responsibilities.
Many women are financially dependent on their partners.
Many women are forced into traditionally low paying, dead end direct service jobs.
Many women are highly uncomfortable with the word power.
Many women are in a position where they are juggling career, family and home life.
Many women are in part- time jobs and on very low rates of pay.
Many women are in prison for defending themselves against their abusers.
Many women are interested in alternative treatments for menopausal symptoms.
Many women are jobless, penniless, homeless and without much hope.
Many women are just scared to enter the field.
Many women are kinesthetic and about touchy-feely.
Many women are lesbians.
Many women are like electric irons.
Many women are making the buying decisions for their households, the study suggests.
Many women are members of various academic honor societies.
Many women are more concerned about losing weight.
Many women are more excitable before the onset of menstruation and others during the process.
Many women are nervous about resuming sexual activity following treatment for cancer of the uterus.
Many women are never able to fully walk again after their injury.
Many women are now able to take informed decisions about their own health.
Many women are oblivious to their grave risk for heart disease.
Many women are pregnant during their incarceration.
Many women are reluctant to delegate.
Many women are self-employed and carry grass and wood from forest and sell it in the marketplace.
Many women are so busy organizing everybody else's fun that they forget to indulge themselves.
Many women are so happy to receive an offer that they never think to negotiate what is offered.
Many women are somewhat ambivalent.
Many women are stalked and killed by their former partners after they leave.
Many women are still afraid to challenge practices such as wife beating and dowry deaths.
Many women are still among some of the lowest paid groups in the country.
Many women are still unaware of their risk for heart disease.
Many women are still unaware they are pregnant at that time.
Many women are surprised to discover how much time they have to consider their options.
Many women are surprised to find that much of the clothing is easy to care for.
Many women are surprised, even astonished, when they first encounter their ally.
Many women are targets for acts of violence.
Many women are told that part of being a woman is being weaker than men.
Many women are too afraid to leave violent relationships.
Many women are unable to find a suitable job.
Many women are unable to produce multiple eggs.
Many women are unable to work normally during their menstrual periods.
Many women are unaware of their legal rights.
Many women are unaware of their uterus tightening.
Many women are unaware that egg viability drops dramatically with age .
Many women are unaware that midlife changes can begin well in advance of menopause.
Many women are unaware that their normal hormonal changes can set the stage for sleep deprivation.
Many women are unaware they are pregnant until the second month.
Many women are unclear about the causes of breast cancer.
Many women are uncomfortable discussing subjects like sex and relationships in front of men.
Many women are uncomfortable or have cramps during their periods.
Many women are uncomfortable receiving oral sex.
Many women are uncompensated as homemakers and caregivers for at least part of their lives.
Many women are under the impression that high technology is necessary for a good birth outcome.
Many women are unduly concerned with their body images.
Many women are unhappy because they've been fed the wrong kind of information.
Many women are unwilling to use the pill.
Many women are very ambivalent about getting aborted but do go ahead.
Many women are very emotional about the labor, and rightly so.
Many women are very grateful to physicians who address their treatable cosmetic concerns seriously.
Many women are victims of domestic violence.
Many women are widows and single parents.
Many women are willing to risk unsafe abortions.
Many women are worried about the possible consequences of such an act.
Many women are worried that the taste or smell of their pussy is offensive.
Many women argue that they have to earn an income in order to establish a home.
Many women ask if there is a way to reduce the risk of getting breast cancer.
Many women associate the flower with funerals.
Many women assume colon cancer strikes mostly the elderly or men.
Many women assume infertility is their fault, and their responsibility to fix.
Many women assume that urinary leakage is a normal part of aging.
Many women assume their husbands want large families without any discussion of the matter.
Many women attend because they can ask the many employers present about job openings.
Many women attend coming of age ceremony, wearing a kimono .
Many women attend long before the birth of the baby, and gain valuable information.
Many women attend to their religious duties with keenness and enthusiasm.
Many women automatically attribute their spouses' problems to stress or aging.
Many women avoid dairy products for a variety of reasons.
Many women become anxious during physical examinations or during laboratory testing.
Many women become interested through feminism, others through the new age movement , etc.
Many women become pregnant because some smart sperm stay inside.
Many women become pregnant immediately after they stop taking the pill.
Many women become sick and ill after they received breast implants.
Many women become their own bosses as they try to create the lives they desire.
Many women begin their careers as adults.
Many women begin therapy before they experience any menopausal symptoms.
Many women begin to ovulate and have a return of normal menses.
Many women begin to worry about labor and delivery shortly after discovering they are pregnant.
Many women begin walking within a few days of giving birth.
Many women being treated for postabortion complications want family planning.
Many women believe that breast cancer is the greatest threat to their health.
Many women believe that cancer is more of a threat, but they're wrong.
Many women believe that men are happier the more frequently they can have intercourse.
Many women believe that their clinicians are dismissive.
Many women believe that their hair color is boring.
Many women believe that their relationship with their mother is.
Many women believe that toxic shock syndrome is no longer associated with tampon use.
Many women believe their lives have been insignificant.
Many women believe they are nothing without a man.
Many women believe they are sexually unattractive to their husbands because they are overweight.
Many women benefit by boosting their estrogen levels a bit.
Many women benefit from appropriate counselling.
Many women benefit from taking hormones to replace what the body has stopped making.
Many women bleed and spot in first trimester.
Many women bleed during pregnancy and go on to have healthy babies.
Many women bleed to death during childbirth or die from obstructed labor.
Many women breeze through the insertion feeling nothing more than mild discomfort.
Many women buy bottles of expensive perfume.
Many women buy the suspenders as gifts for their husbands and fathers.
Many women call for change in church structures which are perceived as positively harmful.
Many women call the shelter to find out more about it before deciding to use it.
Many women can be in denial about the danger they face.
Many women can benefit from stress-reduction strategies such as exercise or meditation.
Many women can control blood glucose with careful meal planning and physical activity.
Many women can control their blood sugar levels during pregnancy by modifying their diets.
Many women can dance both parts, but some women only know the man's part.
Many women can earn more than men.
Many women can enjoy their orgasms as a bonus whenever it comes their way.
Many women can expect to have low retirement incomes in the future.
Many women can find no solution to their dilemma and are defeated in attempts at adaptation.
Many women can improve their symptoms by getting regular exercise and eating a healthy diet.
Many women can learn to experience pain-free childbirth without medications.
Many women can only have an orgasm when their partners stimulate it.
Many women can spend days or weeks scraping the money together.
Many women can start without seeing a doctor first.
Many women can t use certain types of contraceptives, based on their medical situations.
Many women can walk or sit in a chair after they have received epidural analgesia.
Many women care for children of friends or friends of friends in their homes.
Many women carry the bacteria which cause the infection, but at low levels which pose no risk.
Many women carry their pregnancies on their sides or low in their abdomen.
Many women change careers as a result of bleeding problems.
Many women change their majors or educational programs because of sexual harassment.
Many women choose high heeled shoes because they look nice, even if they are uncomfortable.
Many women choose the armed forces as an employer.
Many women choose to avoid or cut down on alcoholic drinks during pregnancy, too.
Many women choose to do nothing about their breasts.
Many women choose to examine their own breasts once a month.
Many women choose to give birth outside of a hospital.
Many women choose to have intravenous sedation, which can cause a sleep-like state.
Many women choose to have no reconstruction of any type after the mastectomy.
Many women choose to have reconstructive surgery at the same time as their breast surgery.
Many women choose to pursue career or personal goals over family interests and favor father custody.
Many women choose to suspend their careers outside the home to raise their families.
Many women choose to use a combination of medications and relaxation and breathing techniques.
Many women choose to wait until after the initial breast surgery to decide about reconstruction.
Many women cite the same factors today in their decisions about whether to breastfeed their babies.
Many women claim it is their right, and others call it responsibility.
Many women claim that the wounds that go unseen hurt the most.
Many women clearly think so.
Many women collect paychecks as guards in the numerous men's prisons in Pennsylvania.
Many women come back for a second or third stint.
Many women come from abusive or alcoholic homes.
Many women come from Catholic or legalistic Protestant backgrounds.
Many women come from other sports from all levels and programs.
Many women come home and feel really good and are anxious to get back to normal.
Many women come there because they want to talk with other bisexual women.
Many women come to support group for the same reason.
Many women come to the harbor to sell sex for food to willing fishermen.
Many women come to the martial arts seeking physical fitness or practical self-defense skills.
Many women come to the United States from countries where women are oppressed.
Many women come together and are judged on beauty.
Many women commit suicide because of a hated body image.
Many women commit suicide out of shame and discriminatory treatment.
Many women compete as well in the college ranks.
Many women complain about having too much stress in their lives.
Many women complain about verbal and physical harrassment in Turkey.
Many women complain of a loss of interest in sex when they reach menopause.
Many women complain of breast pain prior to menstruating.
Many women complain of feeling tired and emotional.
Many women complain of poor concentration and lapses in memory during menopause.
Many women complain of tenderness in the arm in the area of the implants.
Many women complain that men often switch programs no matter what the women want to watch.
Many women complain their abdomen itches with stretched skin.
Many women conceive naturally after that point.
Many women conceive whilst on the pill, and the vast majority of their babies are perfect.
Many women conceive with clomiphene.
Many women confuse hypothyroidism symptoms with menopause symptoms.
Many women confuse ignorance and stupidity with confidence and virility.
Many women consider housework demeaning and beneath their talents.
Many women consider The Golden Notebook to be the founding novel of the women's movement.
Many women consider the procedure less invasive.
Many women consider their views on abortion before becoming sexually active.
Many women consider themselves caregivers and frequently 'self' comes last.
Many women constantly strive for self-improvement in the hopes of living a life of excellence.
Many women consume less than half of the daily recommended amount of calcium.
Many women continue their jobs until their ninth month of pregnancy and then take paid leave.
Many women continue to breastfeed once or twice a day even after their baby is on solid foods.
Many women continue to die needlessly in childbirth.
Many women continue to successfully breast feed after returning to work.
Many women continue to use a lubricant during sex until they stop nursing.
Many women continue to work up to the time of delivery.
Many women continue with formal yoga instruction after the birth of a child.
Many women continue working while they are pregnant and return to work while they are breastfeeding.
Many women crave chocolate just before menstruation and say it acts as an antidepressant.
Many women cry at weddings.
Many women cycle between welfare and low wage jobs.
Many women deal with domestic violence everyday.
Many women delay treatment out of fear of a mastectomy, or amputation of a breast.
Many women deny it too, but then again, they are a different gender.
Many women deny that they have been raped and experience great emotional and psychological problems.
Many women describe a feeling of numbness and emptiness following a miscarriage.
Many women describe feeling less of a woman when they are unable to have children.
Many women describe feelings of movement as a gas bubble or fluttering.
Many women describe mood changes occurring during the menopause and perimenopause transition.
Many women describe the sensation as a butterfly flutter in their lower abdomen.
Many women develop breast lumps.
Many women develop cysts at specific times in their menstrual cycle, that come and go each month.
Many women develop eating disorders because of the pressures to conform to an unrealistic image.
Many women develop excessive bleeding with their periods as they get older.
Many women develop lesions during pregnancy or while taking oral contraceptives.
Many women develop upper back pain, lower back pain and sciatica.
Many women develop vaginal candidiasis, commonly known as a yeast infection.
Many women diagnosed with breast cancer are still in their childbearing years.
Many women die due to extreme measures taken to terminate unwanted pregnancy.
Many women die in pregnancy or labour.
Many women die or get a disease because they had an unsafe abortion .
Many women die or get a disease because they had an unsafe abortion.
Many women discover they have chlamydia only because their partners are found to be infected.
Many women dismiss the initial signs of heart disease as hiatal hernia, flu, or muscle strain.
Many women display no symptoms of gonorrhea.
Many women do believe they come in at a disadvantage.
Many women do better with small sips of carbonated clear sodas and saltine crackers.
Many women do better with small sips of carbonated clear sodas, and saltine crackers.
Many women do combination exercise of aerobics, yoga, and weight training.
Many women do find difficulty using the female condom correctly the first few times.
Many women do find that urge incontinence occurs if they are very stressed.
Many women do force their daughters to repeat their lives out of jealousy, resentment, envy.
Many women do have a larger social circle, and some men tend to have a smaller social circle.
Many women do have a rough budget planned mentally but one bad decision can ruin the monthly budget.
Many women do have difficulty with hormone replacement after removal of ovaries.
Many women do have signs or symptoms of infection.
Many women do have the sensitivity to appreciate life for men.
Many women do have too much stress and anxiety in their lives.
Many women do it in conjunction with other procedures.
Many women do leave their abuser.
Many women do leave.
Many women do lose weight, however, after pregnancy.
Many women do notice benefits with pregnenolone.
Many women do notice some changes in their bodies about a week after their period was due.
Many women do their best and still fail, because it is just too hard.
Many women do, sir, but never a lady so high-born.
Many women do, though.
Many women do.
Many women don t like to be bothered while they re reading.
Many women don t realize they are pregnant for several weeks or a month after conception.
Many women don t regard religious life as an option because they don t have contact with sisters.
Many women dream about the day when they'll be moms.
Many women dream of water, a symbol of pregnancy in dreams.
Many women drink socially for a number of reasons.
Many women earn salaries.
Many women elect to use their bedroom, and to use dilators while lying down.
Many women embrace heroic procedures to have children.
Many women emerge from a facial more relaxed after a good facial massage.
Many women encounter a low milk supply , and sore nipples .
Many women encounter their own creative power for the first time.
Many women end up as prostitutes just to make enough money to survive.
Many women end up in poverty because they are forced to flee abusive husbands or partners.
Many women enjoy a massage of the mons.
Many women enjoy being more established in their careers and now feel ready for a child.
Many women enjoy cuddling, hand holding, back rubs, and kissing, for example.
Many women enjoy diffusing the vibrations by placing a towel or piece of cloth over their vibrators.
Many women enjoy having the whole vulva licked, from pubic bone to perineum.
Many women enjoy it too.
Many women enjoy penetration during sex, and many women enjoy sex without any penetration.
Many women enjoy sex MORE after menopause.
Many women enjoy sex more when on pills because they know they are less likely to get pregnant.
Many women enjoy sex more when taking birth control pills.
Many women enjoy sex more when they are pregnant.
Many women enjoy shorter periods with less discomfort.
Many women enjoy the pleasures of makeup, from subtle hues to rainbow-colored palettes.
Many women enjoy their calling as full-time homemakers.
Many women enjoy working with their hands and working outdoors.
Many women enjoy, and feel empowered by, feeling sexy.
Many women enter wrestling having been former models or actresses.
Many women equate nutrition with weight control.
Many women escape from abusive partners, although it often takes years.
Many women even consider a kiss infidelity.
Many women examine their cervical mucus, as it is an additional predictor of impending ovulation.
Many women excel in verbal and interpersonal skills.
Many women exercise to maintain their weight and stay in shape.
Many women expect something from their romantic partners.
Many women expect to be happy for days on end.
Many women experience a crisis in their sexual life as a result of the rape.
Many women experience a decrease in progesterone levels as they age.
Many women experience a decreased libido for a range of reasons.
Many women experience a great deal of discomfort and difficulty when attempting to breastfeed.
Many women experience a loss of femininity or lack of completeness after mastectomy.
Many women experience a problem with sex sometime during their lives.
Many women experience a variety of unpleasant symptoms in the week or two before menstruating.
Many women experience an aching in the pelvis after intercourse.
Many women experience an increase in muscle aches and pains during onset of menopause.
Many women experience fibrocystic or benign breast changes.
Many women experience great symptomatic relief from low-dose birth control pills.
Many women experience heavy or even painful bleeding during their menstrual cycle.
Many women experience hot flashes, which are sudden surges in warmth and sweating.
Many women experience less asthma during the last four weeks of pregnancy.
Many women experience little discomfort.
Many women experience lower abdominal cramping shortly before and during their menstrual period.
Many women experience more back pain at night.
Many women experience occasional mild flare-ups even after a successful treatment.
Many women experience only physical symptoms like bloating or sore breasts.
Many women experience painful menstruation, or dysmenorrhea.
Many women experience pelvic pressure and heaviness.
Many women experience postpartum depression.
Many women experience problems with their breasts.
Many women experience problems with urinary urgency, frequency and incontinence.
Many women experience recurrent episodes of yeast infections.
Many women experience sexual assault as a traumatic life-threatening experience.
Many women experience shorter, more regular menstrual periods with fewer cramps.
Many women experience some bleeding in early pregnancy.
Many women experience some change in their bleeding pattern when taking the mini pill.
Many women experience some degree of nausea and vomiting during the first trimester of pregnancy.
Many women experience some form of post-partum blues.
Many women experience sore nipples, but most do so unnecessarily.
Many women experience stress incontinence and are reluctant to seek help.
Many women experience the pain and aggravation of dysmenorrhoea.
Many women experience their child before it is born.
Many women experience unpredictable, periodic flow during the first three to nine months of use.
Many women experience urinary incontinence during the first couple of months after delivery.
Many women experience vaginal dryness, itching, or burning as they age.
Many women experience what is called orthostatic hypotension or prostural hypotension.
Many women experiencing pregnancy loss go through the same thing.
Many women express concerns over the safety of microwave ovens.
Many women express dissatisfaction with existing methods of prevention and redress.
Many women face a peculiar, yet common disorder while they are breastfeeding their kids.
Many women face an identity crisis.
Many women face difficulties early on.
Many women face invisible employment barriers that block access to advancement opportunities.
Many women face particular barriers because of various diverse factors in addition to their gender.
Many women face physical, social and psychosexual problems after treatment.
Many women falsely report rapes to get back at men.
Many women fantasize about sex and a relationship with another woman.
Many women favor get-tough policies on flaming.
Many women favor the trend, saying it's comfortable and practical.
Many women fear admitting the seriousness of the abuse.
Many women fear breast cancer so much that they suffer through meno-pause without treatment.
Many women fear childbirth and motherhood.
Many women fear fat legs and dimples from cellulite, but there is something that can be done.
Many women fear gaining weight as a result of quitting smoking.
Many women fear ridicule from their personal physician.
Many women fear the prospect of delivering their child.
Many women fear the thought of being cut in such a sensitive area.
Many women fear violence from their husbands, boyfriends, or partners.
Many women feed their babies formula milk.
Many women feel a sense of liberation as they face the cessation of periods.
Many women feel anxious about mammograms and avoid having proper screenings.
Many women feel as if they have gone through a conveyor-belt birth experience.
Many women feel ashamed about what is happening.
Many women feel bad on the pill and their doctor just keeps changing pills.
Many women feel betrayed by their bodies and generally useless after the diagnosis.
Many women feel better on estrogen.
Many women feel better with no more periods to worry about.
Many women feel cramp-like abdominal pains that intensify during breastfeeding.
Many women feel cramps, like strong period cramps for a short time.
Many women feel depressed in the first few months after delivery.
Many women feel different in one to three cycles.
Many women feel dirty or disgusting after a rape.
Many women feel embarrassed at first and chose a private place to breast-feed.
Many women feel empowered after overcoming breast cancer.
Many women feel exhausted after labor and delivery.
Many women feel gassy and have constipation and cramps because of the growing baby.
Many women feel guilt at having had an abortion but they are told to forget about it.
Many women feel guilty after being raped, and blame themselves.
Many women feel guilty or ashamed after a rape.
Many women feel guilty when they take the time to engage in their projects.
Many women feel in a state of shock for some time when they are first diagnosed.
Many women feel intimidated by the medical community.
Many women feel intimidated when they have to come in contact with members of the opposite sex.
Many women feel left out of more mainstream religions because of the lack of feminine divinity.
Many women feel less intimated when interacting with female service advisors and technicians.
Many women feel light-headed during pregnancy.
Many women feel like urinating after sex.
Many women feel lower abdominal aching from stretching ligaments.
Many women feel menstrual-like cramps both during and after the procedure.
Many women feel more clearheaded and have a renewed sense of optimism when pushing begins.
Many women feel more comfortable inserting it themselves.
Many women feel nauseated and throw up in early pregnancy.
Many women feel nauseated and vomit in early pregnancy.
Many women feel nauseous at some point in pregnancy, usually in the first trimester.
Many women feel nervous about having sex soon after treatment for cancer, but it is perfectly safe.
Many women feel open to harsh criticism, public humiliation, or even job loss.
Many women feel oppressed and overshadowed by their husbands.
Many women feel out of control when giving head.
Many women feel physically and emotionally drained for a short time after an abortion.
Many women feel pressure to fit into that mold, even at the risk of their health.
Many women feel pulling pains in their lower abdomen, hips or back.
Many women feel responsible for the abuse.
Many women feel sad, afraid, and unable to cope in the first few days after having a baby.
Many women feel sexual attraction for other women.
Many women feel sexual stimulation during breastfeeding.
Many women feel some anxiety about their first gynecological exam.
Many women feel stuck and alone when they cohabit.
Many women feel taking drugs is like giving in .
Many women feel that cardiovascular exercise is the best way to achieve the body of their dreams.
Many women feel that if there is no pain, there is no problem.
Many women feel that it is disgusting.
Many women feel that men lose track of time when they are on the computer.
Many women feel that miscarriages and infertility are 'punishment' for an abortion.
Many women feel that post-menopausal bleeding is bad because it is a sign of uterine cancer.
Many women feel that staying home with children stifles their personal growth.
Many women feel that their work environment is geared more toward men.
Many women feel that they too have a separate and unequal position in life.
Many women feel that way.
Many women feel the pressure to fake orgasms in order to protect their partners' feelings.
Many women feel the same.
Many women feel they have no control over their lives.
Many women feel tired, depressed and moody the week before their menstrual periods begin.
Many women feel trapped by injustices in society, church, and home.
Many women feel tremendous heartache when their children leave home.
Many women feel unattractive simply because they compare themselves to others.
Many women feel unattractive, especially later in pregnancy.
Many women feel unsexual for months after delivery of a baby.
Many women feel very uncomfortable being nude.
Many women feel violated or mutilated.
Many women feel weak, tired and depressed.
Many women feel weak, tired or depressed for a few days after their abortion.
Many women feel weak, tired or depressed.
Many women fill their prescriptions like obedient puppies without asking questions.
Many women find breast feeding to be more convenient than bottle feeding.
Many women find dairy products make their symptoms worse.
Many women find diet affects their bladder function.
Many women find Geminian men difficult to understand.
Many women find gowns at bridal salons that have manufacturers' samples to try on.
Many women find hand expression the most comfortable way to obtain milk.
Many women find help in support groups, where they can share experiences and learn coping skills.
Many women find it difficult to exercise because they're tired from caring for a new baby.
Many women find it easy to hand express milk when needed.
Many women find it hard to avoid gaining too much weight.
Many women find it hard to leave a relationship even when there is abuse.
Many women find it hard to see themselves as financial experts.
Many women find it helpful to take a pill a day without any interruption.
Many women find it helpful to take some regular exercise.
Many women find it helpful to write down their questions ahead of time.
Many women find it very convenient.
Many women find it very helpful in managing their labor to shower or be submerged in water.
Many women find it very romantic when their partner makes all the arrangements.
Many women find jobs as servants, but continue singing to earn a little extra.
Many women find meeting with other women and counsellors helpful.
Many women find nighttime the hardest.
Many women find pleasure in work and motherhood, but pleasure here is negative.
Many women find similarities between medical examinations and past abuse experiences.
Many women find sleeping in a bra or sports bra to be comfortable with a healing nipple piercing.
Many women find that as they work through their own fears, their husbands start to come around.
Many women find that baby's naptime is usually a quiet uninterrupted pumping time.
Many women find that emotional abuse is difficult to name or even talk about.
Many women find that genital arousal is their favorite way to achieve orgasm.
Many women find that given some flexibility they can keep a fairly normal level of activity.
Many women find that hormone fluctuations trigger migraine episodes.
Many women find that just by changing their eating habits they lose weight.
Many women find that keeping a headache diary is helpful.
Many women find that kneeling on all fours is a comfortable position to give birth in.
Many women find that stimulation of the mons area can be as pleasurable as direct clitoral touch.
Many women find that stress tops the charts as a trigger.
Many women find that the birth experience is erotic.
Many women find that the first anniversary of their leaving is particularly painful.
Many women find that the support they get from other women is crucial.
Many women find that their marriage was intensely troubled by the aftermath of the cesarean.
Many women find that their UTIs recur before or after a particularly stressful event.
Many women find that they are able to have multiple orgasms when they use vibrators during sex play.
Many women find that they are often thirsty while lactating.
Many women find that they can hold the handle compressed for numerous seconds.
Many women find that they have a real aptitude for target shooting.
Many women find that they have no desire to drink while they are pregnant.
Many women find that they have none and conclude that they are relatively safe.
Many women find that when they are engrossed in their work, they tend to be happier.
Many women find that when they look their best, they feel better.
Many women find the added stress of work tends to reduce their milk supply.
Many women find the extra stimulation they offer very helpful.
Many women find the glucose screen test to be unpleasant.
Many women find the Holster ideal for comfort while sleeping.
Many women find the stroking of their breasts to be very pleasurable and relaxing.
Many women find their ankles swell in late pregnancy.
Many women find their body is simply never the same again.
Many women find their moods are at their worst when they have tried to do too much and are worn out.
Many women find their own lumps by doing a breast self-exam.
Many women find their own lumps by doing so.
Many women find themselves craving salty or tart foods and drinks, like potato chips or lemonade.
Many women find themselves having orgasms in response to fantasies or exciting dreams.
Many women find themselves in financial quicksand within months after a divorce.
Many women find themselves in similar situations today.
Many women find themselves pregnant while still nursing.
Many women find there are certain things that they can do to reduce their symptoms.
Many women find they are less nauseated when they are involved in activities at home and work.
Many women find they are unable to lose all of the weight they gain during pregnancy.
Many women find they do less and less exercise or sport as they get older.
Many women find they have no desire to drink while they are pregnant.
Many women find ways to resist the depersonalization of hospital life.
Many women fit none of the above descriptions.
Many women flirt with men and soldiers.
Many women fly to our centers for the weekend to have their fibroids removed.
Many women forget that they can still get pregnant late in life.
Many women freeze out of fear or disbelief.
Many women gain enough weight in the second trimester to warrant purchase of a new pair.
Many women get better, but others get worse.
Many women get bladder infections repeatedly.
Many women get cervical cancer every year.
Many women get headaches, fatigue and dizziness even on winter day trips.
Many women get it before they leave the hospital after the baby is born.
Many women get migraines or other types of headaches during their menstrual cycle.
Many women get prescriptions to help with tough periods or unmanageable acne.
Many women get the headaches before or during their monthly period.
Many women get their first attack of thrush when they are pregnant.
Many women get to know the family doctor in the context of child health problems.
Many women get weepy during pregnancy.
Many women get yeast infections during the third trimester.
Many women get yeast infections while taking antibiotics.
Many women getting abortions are very ambivalent.
Many women give birth through the birth canal after a previous cesarean section.
Many women give birth to underweight babies.
Many women give birth vaginally after a previous Cesarean section.
Many women give birth with little or no warning.
Many women give sweetheart homemade chocolate with all their heart into it.
Many women give up breastfeeding in the first days or weeks due to initial difficulties.
Many women giving birth or receiving gynaecological treatment leave the hospital after short stays.
Many women go in to seek help from a doctor only to be sent home or misdiagnosed.
Many women go on the pill at an early age without being informed of the side effects.
Many women go through a change in their desires during the first trimester.
Many women go through life thinking heavy menstrual periods are a way of life.
Many women go through life thinking heavy periods are a way of life.
Many women go through menopause without any emotional changes at all.
Many women go to neighboring countries for abortions.
Many women go to work because families depend more on women's income now than ever before.
Many women going through menopause have questions.
Many women greatly improve their bladder control.
Many women grow up with misinformation about and discomfort with their genitals.
Many women hang outside the bar so drive through and check the goods outside first.
Many women hate mens' relentless demands for sex.
Many women have a balancing act to perform-kids, work.
Many women have a clinical breast exam performed at their yearly gynecologist appointment.
Many women have a combination of both stress and urge incontinence.
Many women have a combination of both varicose and spider veins.
Many women have a combination of stress and urge incontinence.
Many women have a difficult time letting others help.
Many women have a fear of menopause that borders on panic.
Many women have a good experience with epidurals.
Many women have a good response to small doses of hormones, called hormone replacement therapy.
Many women have a mild fear of being turned down when approaching new people.
Many women have a normal discharge.
Many women have a pattern of lumpiness in their breasts, which is normal.
Many women have a quality of purity that few men possess.
Many women have a tendency to curl their hand under when they sleep.
Many women have a tendency to hold their breath during pelvic procedures in anticipation of pain.
Many women have a very hard time letting go and actually ending a relationship.
Many women have a very hard time looking in a mirror after surgery.
Many women have abortions because of pressure from their male partner.
Many women have abortions because they think there is no other choice.
Many women have access to cash from marketing activities.
Many women have acne throughout their reproductive years.
Many women have an increased vaginal discharge during pregnancy.
Many women have an urge to dramatically change their look after a break-up.
Many women have an urge to speak out, to organize others, to take action.
Many women have bleeding in pregnancy and it has no consequence at all.
Many women have bleeding in the first few months of a normal pregnancy.
Many women have both vulvodynia and vulvar vestibulitis.
Many women have bouts of the sores during certain phases of their menstrual cycles.
Many women have bouts of the sores only during certain phases of their menstrual cycles.
Many women have breakouts associated with the cycling of their menstrual periods.
Many women have breast lumps that simply represent collections of various types of benign tissue.
Many women have breastfed triplets exclusively.
Many women have children.
Many women have common complaints throughout their pregnancy.
Many women have concerns about their breasts.
Many women have cyclic breast pain.
Many women have cystic breasts- to varying degrees.
Many women have different symptoms than men .
Many women have different symptoms than men.
Many women have difficulties or fear medical examinations or procedures.
Many women have difficulty getting forward on their skis and staying there.
Many women have difficulty orgasming, either by themselves or with a lover.
Many women have difficulty reaching orgasm with a partner.
Many Women have difficulty seeking support for their learning and development.
Many women have difficulty understanding how planners are paid.
Many women have early contractions, which can sometimes be caused by dehydration .
Many women have esophageal reflex and back pain, due to their chores requiring bending over a lot.
Many women have extremely difficult pregnancies.
Many women have eyes that are cross-dominant.
Many women have fears about hormones, both the side effects and long-term health risks.
Many women have fears, either physical or psychological regarding abortion.
Many women have fewer and less intense orgasms when they reach menopause.
Many women have fibroids and no symptoms.
Many women have fibroids without knowing it.
Many women have fibroids, even large ones, and experience no symptoms.
Many women have fond memories of the latest in wide brimmed hats, with flowers or flowing ribbons.
Many women have found that, submit all they want, their husbands hearts are simply hard.
Many women have four to five abortions during their life time.
Many women have great expectations and push too hard to start, then they burn out and lose interest.
Many women have greater sensitivity to alcohol just before their menstrual periods.
Many women have hair around their nipples.
Many women have in the past, and many still do.
Many women have inconclusive results after pregnancy.
Many women have indigestion during the middle and later parts of pregnancy.
Many women have irregular menstrual cycles.
Many women have less premenstrual problems while taking birth control pills.
Many women have less premenstrual problems.
Many women have less 'typical' symptoms.
Many women have little or no electrical experience.
Many women have little or no trouble with menopause.
Many women have long nails, and it is impossible to make a good, tight fist with long nails.
Many women have many male sex partners and many men have many women sex partners.
Many women have migraine attacks linked to their menstrual cycles.
Many women have mild abdominal cramping after cervical cryosurgery.
Many women have mild abdominal cramping during and after cervical cryosurgery.
Many women have mild nausea with some vomiting for the first three months.
Many women have morning sickness during the early months of pregnancy.
Many women have mothers, daughters or sisters who have had breast cancer.
Many women have multiple bowel movements of loose stool days before labor begins.
Many women have naturally fibrous breasts that feel lumpy.
Many women have nausea.
Many women have no discomfort at all with their initial intercourse.
Many women have no idea that they are affected.
Many women have no information or at least very wrong information regarding sex.
Many women have no other option but to become prostitutes.
Many women have no risk factors for the disease, other than being female.
Many women have no side effects at all.
Many women have no signs.
Many women have no symptoms when they develop an infection.
Many women have no symptoms.
Many women have ovarian cysts sometime during their lives.
Many women have pain during sexual intercourse.
Many women have painful swelling in their breasts at the time of their menstrual periods.
Many women have problems with their partners or at certain times in their lives.
Many women have questions and concerns about using birth control medications.
Many women have recurrences only during menstruation.
Many women have serious emotional problems.
Many women have small businesses selling handicrafts.
Many women have some symptoms like tension or bloating prior to some menstrual cycles.
Many women have strong attachments to the labor market and high lifetime earnings.
Many women have strong feelings about the female condom.
Many women have successful, uncomplicated twin pregnancies.
Many women have surges of hormones and thus are more interested in sex at various times.
Many women have the advantage of being naturally graceful, flexible and fluid.
Many women have the feeling that suicide is the only real option.
Many women have the innate capacity for further breast development.
Many women have the mistaken belief that heart disease affects men only.
Many women have the notion that loving someone means denying themselves the right to true happiness.
Many women have the opposite problem.
Many women have the procedure done in a same-day surgery setting.
Many women have the same problem when they shave, especially the underarms, or any sensitive area.
Many women have the virus for years without any signs or symptoms.
Many women have their babies born at home every year.
Many women have their treasure in their jewel box.
Many women have to exchange sex for material favours and survival.
Many women have to learn how to become orgasmic and then it becomes easier and more reliable.
Many women have to put up with constant attention from men based only on their bodies.
Many women have to stay home from work when they have heavy bleeding with their menstrual periods.
Many women have too little thyroid hormone.
Many women have trich organisms in their vaginas, though often they are without symptoms.
Many women have unintended births or terminate unwanted pregnancies in abortion.
Many women have urinary leakage and painful urination.
Many women have vaginal spotting or bleeding in early pregnancy.
Many women have very little self confidence after years of abuse.
Many women have vivid dreams about their fetus, too.
Many women have what they perceive to be excess hair growth.
Many women have, but the tears are always the same.
Many women have.
Many women having babies choose to receive pain relief for their labor and delivery.
Many women head home the same day.
Many women head up their own foundations, family foundations, and community foundations.
Many women hear the sound of the sacred in a holy book or favorite hymn.
Many women heroines in games seem to suffer from the same type of problem.
Many women hesitate getting help.
Many women hesitate to risk plunging their business ideas into action.
Many women hold key political and business positions in Chile.
Many women ignore the symptoms because they often occur at the onset of menopause.
Many women immediately think that they have cancer.
Many women incorrectly assume that urine leakage is normal.
Many women increase snacking during pregnancy.
Many women increase their calcium intake, unaware that the body also requires magnesium.
Many women inherit recipes from their grandmothers, mothers, aunts, and so forth.
Many women initiate breastfeeding, but quit by the time the infant is two weeks old.
Many women inquire whether treatments can induce cancers.
Many women insensitively act on the assumption all men are insensitive.
Many women insert the misoprostol at home and pass the tissue later.
Many women insist on trimming the cuticle away from the curve of the nail.
Many women involved in sexually oriented businesses yearn for a better life.
Many women join as young girls and stay until they're elderly.
Many women join the first group on their own.
Many women join when their children start school.
Many women just have a feeling.
Many women just prefer the emotional and sexual bonds that are formed with other women.
Many women just think they're being friendly or even neutral, and then an assault happens.
Many women keep their maiden names after marriage.
Many women keep their perfumes and cosmetics on their vanities.
Many women keep working for as long as possible before the baby is born.
Many women know about insurance that pays doctor and hospital bills.
Many women know about rubella .
Many women know candida simply as a yeast infection.
Many women know that breast-feeding is better for their babies than bottle feeding.
Many women know the discomfort associated with the common yeast infection.
Many women know their status, but want to keep it very discreet.
Many women know very early in the pregnancy.
Many women know very little about the disease.
Many women labor in the tub and some choose to have their baby while immersed in the water.
Many women lack confidence in their abilities generally.
Many women lack experience and background with breastfeeding.
Many women lack support from their families and loved ones.
Many women laugh or even cry during or after orgasm.
Many women lead the way in making positive changes in society.
Many women learn about their sexual pleasure by masturbating.
Many women learn to feel that being ambitious is the same as being selfish.
Many women leave every day.
Many women leave the profession of teaching agriculture because of lack of permanent positions.
Many women leave the workforce to undertake other roles, i.e. family.
Many women leave when they see the effects on their children of their partner's abuse.
Many women let themselves go after having children.
Many women lie about being sexually assaulted.
Many women like to masturbate with dildos or other objects.
Many women limit the amount of time they work.
Many women literally have no choice about whether to get someone else to take care of their kids.
Many women live alone or are socially isolated.
Many women live for years, with metastatic cancer in remission.
Many women live in barracks full of men with no special place to attend to their female needs.
Many women live in nothing but black and always look fabulous.
Many women live through their lives without ever really enjoying sex.
Many women live with the constant fear of being unmasked.
Many women live years and years after a breast cancer diagnosis.
Many women look at painting as a form of expression and see their walls as the canvas.
Many women look at product design very differently from many men.
Many women look at themselves in the mirror and wish for a more feminine figure.
Many women look for relief from menopausal symptoms without turning to hormone replacement.
Many women look to alternative therapies during pregnancy and childbirth.
Many women lose all of their eyelashes and eyebrows.
Many women lose breast-feeding infants during environmental disasters.
Many women lose confidence and self-esteem.
Many women lose the remaining pounds slowly by watching their calories and getting regular exercise.
Many women lose their lives to the practice of abortion.
Many women love to shop.
Many women maintain traditional customs at church services.
Many women make excellent traditional clothing, and accept orders from visitors.
Many women make good soldiers because they work hard to build physical stamina.
Many women make several trips to the hospital before the real thing.
Many women make the decision on whether to have children based on whether they can afford it.
Many women make the mistake of putting other's needs ahead of their own.
Many women make the mistake of thinking that it is.
Many women make the mistake of thinking they have to buy bigger sizes when they are pregnant.
Many women marry in their teens and there is a large age difference between spouses.
Many women marry men in order to be taken care of emotionally.
Many women marry young.
Many women meet monthly in small groups for fellowship, study, and personal sharing.
Many women miscarry more than once in their life.
Many women miss a lot of signals.
Many women miss a period occasionally.
Many women mistake a miscarriage for a late period.
Many women mistakenly believe that once they hit menopause, their sex life is over.
Many women mistook methods for finding cancer, such as mammography, for methods to prevent it.
Many women move in and out of work during pregnancy and child- rearing years.
Many women name lifestyle choice as their main reason for buying a home.
Many women never climax and they just accept it.
Many women never discuss verbal abuse.
Many women never encounter a stranger who comments unfavorably on their breastfeeding in public.
Many women never find a way to get the power back in their lives after experiencing rape.
Many women never make it that far, of course.
Many women never marry.
Many women never tell anyone about the rape.
Many women never tell anyone.
Many women never venture outside the village.
Many women normally have a minimal whitish discharge, which collects on the nipple.
Many women normally have one breast that is smaller than the other.
Many women note changes in their hair after birth-most commonly, profuse hair loss.
Many women note continued freedom from symptoms despite stopping the medication.
Many women note that their seizures are worsened or occur only during their menstrual period.
Many women notice a change in their balance after their operation.
Many women notice a dark line down the middle of their abdomen.
Many women notice genital, urinary, and sexual symptoms.
Many women notice itching or a tingling sensation in the genital area before the sores appear.
Many women notice that increased exercise during menstruation reduces dysmenorrhea.
Many women now give birth outside hospitals.
Many women now pick the tender dandelion leaves with which they make a delicious salad.
Many women obtain relief from pain, but the results with respect to improved fertility are mixed.
Many women occupy professional positions, and there is no evidence of child labor.
Many women online are very educated and professional career women.
Many women only have bouts of canker sores during certain phases of their menstrual cycles.
Many women operate in low-value business sectors and they proliferate in the informal sector.
Many women opt for security in lieu of erotic adventure.
Many women organise networks and create business in the social economy sector.
Many women overestimate their risk of developing breast cancer.
Many women participate in competitive activities such as team sports, races, or even marathons.
Many women participate in politics, and other professional spheres.
Many women participating in trials are interested in knowing the final results.
Many women particularly fear sexual assault.
Many women pass clots with their periods every month.
Many women perceive insistent questioning as harsh and negative, or as a personal attack.
Many women perspire more heavily during menopause.
Many women pick up their packs every two months, on the first day of the month.
Many women play online games, ranging from classic to board to cards to action games.
Many women pose with their mothers.
Many women prefer a female physician.
Many women prefer a much slower schedule of weaning over weeks or even months.
Many women prefer a wrist corsage or a small bouquet as opposed to a pin-type corsage.
Many women prefer colored stones, such as sapphires, rubies, and emeralds.
Many women prefer it because they feel it's a more natural option compared to surgical abortion.
Many women prefer shaving during a bubble bath in the tub.
Many women prefer supplementing Pregnenolone because they experience few side effects.
Many women prefer the appearance of sheer pantyhose.
Many women prefer the comfort and the privacy of their own home to give birth in.
Many women prefer the comfort of home, away from the noise and disruptions of the hospital.
Many women prefer the company of men and many men feel the same.
Many women prefer the equipment commonly offered at single-sex clubs.
Many women prefer the shorter length.
Many women prefer to commit suicide in order to escape monstrosities.
Many women prefer to have banked their own blood in advance as a precaution.
Many women prefer to have sex the first time being on top, where they can control the first entry.
Many women prefer to have vaginal penetration before they orgasm rather than continued oral sex.
Many women prefer to participate in an aerobics program in the water as the pregnancy progresses.
Many women prefer to shave off their remaining hair after large portions begin to fall out.
Many women prefer to sit on the toilet or on a chair across from the toilet.
Many women prefer to use their body temperature as a gauge of when they are ovulating.
Many women prefer to work as long as possible so they have more time at home once the baby is born.
Many women prefer using a fairly solid breast protector.
Many women prepare osechi a few days before the holiday.
Many women print photos from our gallery .
Many women proudly describe themselves as homemakers.
Many women purchase men's styles.
Many women question the circumstances under which many children are being raised today.
Many women question their ability to detect a lump in their breasts.
Many women quit smoking during pregnancy.
Many women raise children.
Many women rank a sense of humor in a man as a very desirable trait.
Many women reach orgasm most easily when the clitoris is stroked.
Many women reach out for help in different ways.
Many women realize intense, heavy drinking during pregnancy can cause damage.
Many women realize they have strengths and abilities they'd never tapped into before.
Many women really benefit from the wisdom that comes here.
Many women really do know when they have a yeast infection.
Many women really resent playing the responsible one all the time.
Many women rebel against unpaid domesticity as religious adherence declines.
Many women receive animals, as well as orphanages.
Many women recommend starting to collect breast milk about two weeks before returning to work.
Many women recover surprisingly quickly and leave after a few days.
Many women reduce and reduce, yet still never manage to become a bargain.
Many women rely on magazines, in particular, for health information.
Many women remain in good health for many years after menopause without taking hormones.
Many women report a feeling of being totally open, full and in their power while menstruating.
Many women report a sense of freedom.
Many women report a slow down in abduction visits after menopause.
Many women report an increase in energy, more self confidence, and a better attitude.
Many women report an increase in energy, more self-confidence, and a better attitude.
Many women report being better able to concentrate once they get into the water.
Many women report benefits from hormonal balance.
Many women report breakthrough bleeding and spotting as well as some bloating and weight gain.
Many women report burning sensations in the nipples.
Many women report deeper and stronger orgasms following pregnancy and birth.
Many women report fantasies of adultery in spite of donor anonymity and confidentiality.
Many women report feeling increasingly anxious around the time of their period.
Many women report feeling more confident by the time they've reached their forties.
Many women report feeling more in control when they choose a medical regimen.
Many women report feeling overwhelmed, angry, and depressed.
Many women report getting stronger after childbirth.
Many women report heightened sexual response in a matter of weeks.
Many women report longlasting physical or mental health problems after their baby is born.
Many women report multiple orgasms.
Many women report no adverse health effects for ten years.
Many women report returning to work within a week of having the procedure.
Many women report seeing several doctors before being correctly diagnosed.
Many women report shoulder pain due to the gas used to distend the abdomen.
Many women report strong feelings of guilt and confusion, as well as loss and many other emotions.
Many women report that headaches worsen before or during the menstrual period.
Many women report that sex in their midlife years is the best ever.
Many women report that sexual activity is alerting, rather than relaxing.
Many women report that spicy food, wine and caffeinated beverages provoke hot flashes.
Many women report that the cervix is especially sensitive to stimulation.
Many women report that their dream life shifts into high gear during pregnancy.
Many women report that they can have an orgasm from stimulation of the G-spot alone.
Many women report that they feel unsafe standing alone at deserted bus stops.
Many women report that they use male or gender neutral names to prevent unwanted advances.
Many women report that they use menstrual pads, others use tampons, and others use both.
Many women report that they want a gradual, subtle increase in breast volume, firmness and lift.
Many women report that too many men are hung up on the size of their penises.
Many women report their sex lives suffer as a result.
Many women report vaginal dryness, dyscomfort or pain at penetration, and anorgasmy.
Many women report weight gain when they use an oral contraceptive.
Many women report weight gains of five pounds premenstrually.
Many women report worse symptoms at night, so it is likely to vary from individual to individual.
Many women require a well-constructed, underwire bra even when on the trail.
Many women require no treatment for symptoms associated with menopause.
Many women resort to eating vast quantities, some men turn to drink.
Many women resort to trying to reduce their salt intake or take diuretics to reduce swelling.
Many women respond fearfully to the idea of strength training.
Many women respond to a perceived glass ceiling by looking elsewhere for a job.
Many women respond to psychotherapy and it is often a good place to start.
Many women retain their maiden names when they marry.
Many women return to normal activity the next day.
Many women return to their abusers for financial reasons, especially when children are involved.
Many women return to their normal activities immediately after the procedure.
Many women return to their normal activities, although at a reduced pace, at around that time.
Many women return to their normal selves again almost immediately following an abortion.
Many women return to work after a week, and resume their normal activities after two to three weeks.
Many women return to work and their normal activity the day after surgery.
Many women return to work within a week of having the procedure.
Many women return two or three times to participate in the full complement of activities.
Many women rightly expect some pain during and after the abortion.
Many women run here.
Many women safely work until only a few days before the birth of their babies.
Many women say orgasm stimulated from the G-spot are more consuming than clitoral orgasms.
Many women say safety concerns limit their options for after-work activities on the road.
Many women say that early labor feels like menstrual cramps that intensify as labor progresses.
Many women say that the contractions brought on by syntocin are more painful than natural ones.
Many women say that the uncomfortable part of the exam is due to the opening of the speculum.
Many women say that their abdomen gets very hard after an orgasm.
Many women say that they have never had an orgasm at all.
Many women say the Pill has improved their sex lives.
Many women say their last birth was poorly timed or unwanted.
Many women say they actually schedule time to get together with friends.
Many women say they feel a sudden urge to urinate when they hit the right spot.
Many women say they feel diminished, incompetent and flustered in the doctor s office.
Many women say they feel more secure having a C-section, viewing it as the modern way to give birth.
Many women say they feel nothing at all, and some even find G-spot stimulation irritating.
Many women say they feel spasms or a contracting of muscles in the pelvic floor.
Many women say they find balding men attractive.
Many women say they have found some relief by giving up selected things in their diets.
Many women say they neither feel welcome nor comfortable on the course.
Many women search hard for the perfect child care provider so that they can work.
Many women see a noticeable improvement within three to four weeks of use.
Many women see a political agenda.
Many women see abortion as the only possible solution to their plight.
Many women see at least one body part as being larger than it really is.
Many women see dating complete strangers as a desperate move.
Many women see diet pills as the easy answer to a weight problem.
Many women see the journey toward marriage as a cross between the powers of romance and luck.
Many women seek approval, acceptance and confidence through their relationships.
Many women seek care from CNMs with the goal of an unmedicated birth.
Many women seek much more than just brief thrusting sex.
Many women seek out interactive sites where they can discuss their interests.
Many women seek to become preachers.
Many women seem to always come up with the right thing to say at the right time.
Many women seem to anticipate more supportive work environments.
Many women seem to be caught up in an obsession with some desired goal.
Many women seem to be enjoying coordinating their tights with their pumps, mules, and boots.
Many women seem to be particularly prone to acts of craziness.
Many women seem to think so, and have incorporated both schools of thought into their lives.
Many women seem to think so.
Many women sense a void of information on their gender while studying the past.
Many women settle for some mild promises before happily returning home.
Many women share the same struggle.
Many women shoulder the majority of responsibility for caring for kids and elderly parents.
Many women show increases in circulating androgens while many others show deficiencies.
Many women shun strength training in favor of more heart-pounding activities.
Many women shy away from cunnilingus.
Many women simply give in to the pressure.
Many women simply ignore the pain and stuff their feet into the same stilettos every day.
Many women simply outlive their resources.
Many women sleep better or more poorly at different times during their menstrual cycle.
Many women speak of feeling outside of themselves after labor.
Many women speak out about what it meant in their lives.
Many women spend more for hair styling, a blouse, shoes, etc.
Many women spend their entire lives in a pink-collar ghetto position.
Many women start contracting and go into labour a few hours after having the gel.
Many women start getting heartburn and indigestion in the second half of their pregnancy.
Many women start out, and remain, at a real economic disadvantage.
Many women start their own business based on a desire for self-determination and personal challenge.
Many women state that they don t feel the same even years after the birth of a child.
Many women stay because of their children.
Many women stay because they are afraid to leave.
Many women stay for reasons of economic security for their children.
Many women stay home for several months or years to have or raise children.
Many women stay in bad marriages because of financial issues.
Many women stay in unhappy marriages at great personal cost.
Many women stay on the job throughout pregnancy.
Many women stay to preserve the family .
Many women still feel guilty when they are taking time to slow down and relax.
Many women still get premenstrual acne from of the release of progesterone after ovulation.
Many women still suffer abuse and discrimination.
Many women still wear the multiple braids and handmade clothes.
Many women stop breastfeeding when they return to work outside the home.
Many women stop running at that point.
Many women stop smoking as soon as they find out they're pregnant.
Many women stop there for coffee, beer, or even a meal after visiting the bookstore above.
Many women struggle each day to lose weight and to keep it off.
Many women struggle to break in as stand-ups and writers.
Many women struggle to control their acne through the teenage years and adulthood.
Many women struggle with issues of self-esteem in their daily lives.
Many women struggle with their weight, sometimes resorting to new diet fads and pills along the way.
Many women successfully battle the tumor initially, only to have the disease return.
Many women successfully manage a very active lifestyle durng pregnancy with no difficulty.
Many women suffer a loss of sex drive after the birth of a baby.
Many women suffer backache after having epidural anesthesia during childbirth.
Many women suffer backache during pregnancy and after labour.
Many women suffer constant fatigue from iron deficiency anemia.
Many women suffer depression due to various reasons in America.
Many women suffer depression, nightmares, and suicidal thoughts.
Many women suffer discomfort because they often buy shoes to fit the occasion instead of the feet.
Many women suffer from anorexia and bulimia at the same time or alternate between the two.
Many women suffer from chronic urinary tract infections.
Many women suffer from difficulties in reaching an orgasm during sex at some time in their life.
Many women suffer from frequent UTIs.
Many women suffer from intermittent urinary tract infections.
Many women suffer from low-back pain during their menstrual period.
Many women suffer from morning sickness during their first trimester of pregnancy.
Many women suffer from pelvic support problems.
Many women suffer from post abortion syndrome.
Many women suffer from severe backache as they keep on doing hard work throughout their whole live.
Many women suffer from some type of allergy.
Many women suffer from the embarrassment of spider and varicose veins visible on their legs.
Many women suffer in silence and guilt.
Many women suffer pain during their menstrual periods and times of ovulation.
Many women suffer severe emotional effects.
Many women suffer silently because they know they have to be strong for the sake of their offspring.
Many women suffer silently.
Many women suffer similar problems and concerns.
Many women suffer unnecessarily from conditions involving pelvic relaxation.
Many women suffering from menopause find hormonal supplementation is the best course of action.
Many women supplement calcium to guard against osteoporosis.
Many women supplement their breastfed babies with a bottle now and then, or while they're at work.
Many women suspect that something is amiss.
Many women swear by natural progesterone creams.
Many women swear it has reinvigorated their sex lives.
Many women swear they suffer as their period approaches.
Many women take a passive approach when it comes to managing their career.
Many women take calcium pills to make sure they get enough calcium.
Many women take calcium supplements to help protect their bones and prevent osteoporosis.
Many women take estrogen replacement therapy to alleviate menopausal symptoms.
Many women take it up to keep themselves in shape.
Many women take lessons in the proper way to wear a kimono .
Many women take multiple vitamins, and a daily dose of herbs is become more and more popular.
Many women take on heavier loads to prove they can do it.
Many women take out insurance on their orgasm.
Many women take prenatal vitamins or multivitamins while they are trying to get pregnant.
Many women take proanthenols as a kind of oral cosmetic.
Many women take six weeks or fewer of maternity leave.
Many women take the bath at home, and do the follow-up shower at the mikvah.
Many women taking birth control pills occasionally miss one period.
Many women taking estrogen report a feeling of well being while taking their estrogen.
Many women talk and sing to their unborn children throughout pregnancy.
Many women talk of cadets with possessiveness and protectiveness.
Many women tend to enjoy it very much when both of their holes are penetrated at the same time.
Many women tend to escape violence in the homes by migrating either to work or to marry.
Many women tend to hold urine too long for their health and comfort.
Many women tend to ignore their body's warning signs.
Many women tend to neglect their financial and retirement planning.
Many women there continue to do batik, producing designs on silk and cotton.
Many women think bald men are downright sexy.
Many women think cardiovascular disease is primarily a male concern and fear breast cancer more.
Many women think chronic antagonism is a sign of virility.
Many women think heart disease is a men's health problem.
Many women think makeup application is difficult.
Many women think money is bad and relinquish control to their spouse.
Many women think of colorectal cancer as a man's disease, but it affects both men and women.
Many women think of osteoporosis as either a natural effect of aging or an older woman s disease.
Many women think of osteoporosis as either a natural effect of aging or an older woman's disease.
Many women think that a battering husband is better than no husband at all.
Many women think that a pap smear can detect all gynecologic cancers.
Many women think that estrogen causes cancer.
Many women think that men are just goofing off when they take clients to play golf.
Many women think that when they become pregnant it means they can eat anything they want.
Many women think they're safe if there's no history of the disease in their family.
Many women try and forget about the abortion, but the grief can overtake their lives.
Many women try both before settling on one.
Many women try to compensate by doing creative things with the stem.
Many women try to deal with incontinence by using feminine pads, changing clothes or even catheters.
Many women try to measure up to media personalities.
Many women turn to CNMs for a more personal approach to their pregnancy.
Many women turn to their faith community for support when they are abused.
Many women use a condom along with a spermicide for extra protection.
Many women use a feeding tube device.
Many women use artificial sweeteners.
Many women use both the pessary and the V-brace for maximum support and relief.
Many women use chamomile as a successful remedy to relax menstrual cramps.
Many women use dildos and vibrators to stimlate their genitals and bring themselves to orgasm.
Many women use egg-timers to time each activity.
Many women use herbal treatments for menopausal symptoms and other complaints.
Many women use herbs to help increase their milk supply.
Many women use it for a few years to relieve hot flashes and other ill effects of menopause.
Many women use nicotine as a weight control measure.
Many women use tampons and let their partners perform oral sex.
Many women use the pill at some point in their lives, it reports.
Many women visit the women's site, but few make purchases.
Many women wait for Prince Charming.
Many women wait for their physician to recommend that they have a mammogram.
Many women wait till after they get pregnant to see a doctor.
Many women wait until later in life to follow their religious calling.
Many women walk around angry.
Many women watch the examination on a television monitor.
Many women wear a dress or slacks.
Many women wear cleavage-revealing tops, and several scenes show scantily clad women.
Many women wear cleavage-revealing tops.
Many women wear dry cleaned clothes every day.
Many women wear kimono usually their best one, which is sometimes very beautiful.
Many women wear long robes, black shawls, and veils.
Many women wear skimpy bathing suits at a pool party.
Many women wind up spending their lives in a lie.
Many women wish to work part-time when their children are small.
Many women wonder about the safety of ultrasound exams.
Many women wonder if there is a difference between breastfeeding and bottle-feeding.
Many women wonder if they can continue to run if they choose to breastfeed their babies.
Many women wonder whether they can take sick leave during at least part of their pregnancy.
Many women work and pay for the sorority experience.
Many women work and raise children without any partner.
Many women work in the informal sector out of the home, informal markets.
Many women work more than one job.
Many women work outside of the home, and there tends to be a greater awareness of gender inequality.
Many women work outside the home in addition to caring for families.
Many women work outside the home, and increasing numbers are taking on higher-income occupations.
Many women work part-time or put careers on hold to raise a family or take care of a sick parent.
Many women work part-time or stay at home for domestic and family reasons.
Many women work toward a sense of balance in their lives.
Many women work with underserved and inner-city areas.
Many women worry about breast cancer, especially because of it's widespread media coverage.
Many women worry about gaining too much weight.
Many women worry about going to court and testifying.
Many women worry about the chances of their baby having asthma.
Many women worry about the impact on the children if they move into management.
Many women worry about the needle accidentally pricking the baby.
Many women worry about the relationship between estrogen therapy and breast cancer.
Many women worry about their risk of getting breast or a gynecological cancer.
Many women wrestle with adoption, abortion, and suicide.
Many women write their own, though books of crone rituals are now available.
More woman have herpes than men.
More women also live alone than men.
More women also plan for long-term commitments to the labor force.
More women appear to be affected by spasmodic dysphonia than are men.
More women are able to advance economically, socially and politically.
More women are able to work and support themselves.
More women are good interpretative listeners than men.
More women are high school dropouts than are college graduates.
More women are in high-level positions.
More women are in the labor force today.
More women are in the position of power and are becoming the predator.
More women are in the workforce and for longer tenures.
More women are in the workforce and so have less time for volunteering.
More women are in the workforce, and there are more female professionals.
More women are in work.
More women are members of the workforce and providing half of the household income.
More women are on protein diets.
More women are on the roads and service stations are beginning to take notice.
More women are out of work than men.
More women are part-time workers.
More women are practitioners of kickboxing than in any other martial art including boxing.
More women are railroad and transportation analysts.
More women are sensitive to nickel than men.
More women attend college than men.
More women choose to deliver in our Birthplace than any other community hospital in the region.
More women complain about someone being too big than they do about someone being too small.
More women continue to be affected with eating disorders than men.
More women die annually from heart disease than all types of cancer combined.
More women die as a result of a fractured femur than of breast cancer.
More women die at childbirth in Morocco than anywhere else in the Arab world.
More women die at childbirth than anywhere else.
More women die attempting to escape fire than men.
More women die each year of heart attacks than breast cancer.
More women die every year from breast cancer.
More women die from breast cancer than any other form of cancer.
More women die from breast cancer than from heart disease each year.
More women die from cigarette-related illnesses than breast cancer.
More women die from heart attacks than any other single cause-including breast cancer.
More women die from heart attacts than men because of their smaller vascular system.
More women die from heart disease and stroke than from all forms of cancer combined.
More women die from heart disease and stroke than from all other forms of cancer combined.
More women die from heart disease each year than from breast, ovarian, and uterine cancer combined.
More women die from heart disease than from all forms of cancer.
More women die from heart disease than from breast cancer.
More women die from tuberculosis than from all maternally related causes.
More women die in childbirth than in any other country in northern Africa.
More women die now from abortion than when it was illegal.
More women die of breast cancer than from any other cancer.
More women die of heart disease in the U.S. than die of all forms of cancer combined.
More Women die of heart disease than any other illness.
More women die of lung cancer attributable to cigarette smoking than to breast cancer.
More women die of lung cancer every year than breast cancer.
More women die of ovarian cancer than all the other gynecological cancers combined.
More women die of ovarian cancer than from uterine and cervical cancer combined.
More women disapprove of abortion than men.
More women earn a proper income.
More women earn degrees than men.
More women expect to go on to graduate or professional school than men.
More women fear breast cancer.
More Women feel the effects of the liability crisis more than anyone.
More women find work in garment-making now than before the introduction of the sewing machine.
More women get breast cancer than any kind of cancer.
More women get melanoma than men but women tend to survive much longer.
More women graduate from college and graduate school than men.
More women have doctoral degrees than they did two decades ago.
More women have high cholesterol, a major risk factor for heart disease.
More women have it than men.
More women live alone than men although the age profile of lone women differs from that of lone men.
More women love killers than nerds.
More women now attend college, and most go to work after graduation.
More women now die from lung cancer than breast cancer.
More women now graduate in the fields of medicine, dentistry, and law.
More women now have access to higher education.
More women now receive college degrees than men.
More women now survive breast cancer.
More women now vote than men.
More women now work full-time.
More women prefer taller men.
More women regret their first time than men.
More women report sexual dysfunction than men.
More women run for and are elected to public office than in any other year in United States history.
More women seek help and ask questions.
More women seem to volunteer.
More women serve in the field of nursing than in any other profession except teaching.
More women serve in the Legislature today.
More women share in the intellectual and economic rewards of engineering and research careers.
More women smoke now than fifty years ago.
More women stop, watch, enjoy.
More women suffer and die from heart disease than breast cancer.
More women suffer from depression than their male counterparts.
More women suffer from the disease than men in a ratio of five to one.
More women think cheating is going on than men.
More women vote than men.
More women watch tabloidy news shows.
More women wear kimonos than men.
More women work full time.
More women work outside the home in the wage labor force.
More women work outside the home than ever.
More women work outside the home than in the past.
More women work outside the home than stay in it.
More women work outside the home today.
More women work, and time spent outside the home has increased dramatically.
Most women always think twice about taking risks because they are more rational than men.
Most women usually get folic supplements as part of their prenatal care.
Most women usually use only a small portion of their mammary tissue to make milk for one baby.
Most woman feel like there are battling weight gain in their forties.
Most woman take the recommend dose and then determine how they feel.
Most women achieve an orgasm in response to rhythmic stimulation.
Most women achieve pregnancy.
Most women acquire babies.
Most women acquire injuries.
Most women acquire opportunity.
Most women actually enjoy rape.
Most women actually have a drop off in sex drive just after delivery.
Most women adjust to their IUDs with few or no problems.
Most women adjust to using implants with few or no problems.
Most women adjust to using injections with few or no problems.
Most women agree that eating a variety of food is important.
Most women agree that pads are uncomfortable.
Most women agree that the needle stings a bit going in.
Most women already know makeup.
Most women already know the benefits of moisturizers, but few guys ever touch the stuff.
Most women also begin to dream about and plan their homes when they are children.
Most women also have a return of menses and many become fertile again.
Most women alter environments.
Most women appear confident and at-ease.
Most women appreciate it when men take an active interest in birth control.
Most women appreciate their partner's help in trying to decide on the best options.
Most women apprentice for years before they begin to practice on their own.
Most women are a bit lopsided.
Most women are able to express more milk at the first morning feeding than they do later in the day.
Most women are able to get pregnant within a year after their last shot.
Most women are able to get up and return to their normal activities immediately.
Most women are able to go home six to twelve hours after the abortion.
Most women are able to go home the same day.
Most women are able to resume a normal sex life with proper treatment and education.
Most women are able to resume normal activities within two weeks.
Most women are able to return to normal activity the following day.
Most women are able to return to their regular activities within a few days.
Most women are able to return to their usual activities after the biopsy.
Most women are able to return to work within a few days.
Most women are able to train at higher volumes and intensities than previously believed.
Most women are able to undergo ductography.
Most women are afraid to express milk for fear of making more.
Most women are already familiar with the pap smear to screen for cervical cancer.
Most women are altos.
Most women are apprehensive and find it painful.
Most women are ashamed to talk about their symptoms.
Most women are asymptomatic and many symptoms are mild or can be confused with other conditions.
Most women are back to their dally routine after three or four days.
Most women are concerned with getting a kitchen.
Most women are fearful about developing breast cancer.
Most women are generally more conservative than men and can provide a balance.
Most women are genitally heterosexual.
Most women are happy with the first kind they take.
Most women are hungrier than usual when they're pregnant.
Most women are in a worse bargaining position than men.
Most women are in the hospital for two to three days.
Most women are in the middle.
Most women are moody and whimsical.
Most women are more afraid of breast cancer than of heart disease and stroke.
Most women are more socially competent than men.
Most women are more than able to handle lifting with focus and intensity.
Most women are multitaskers who crave service and efficiency.
Most women are naturally a bit afraid of their first time making love.
Most women are nevertheless streetworker.
Most women are non-smokers.
Most women are nurturers and look out instinctively for others.
Most women are one man away from welfare.
Most women are physically able to breastfeed, but they lose confidence when they get home.
Most women are pleasantly surprised to discover they have what it takes.
Most women are pretty surprised how little is left.
Most women are reluctant to drive, but once convinced, have a wonderful day.
Most women are satisfied that they made the right decision for themselves.
Most women are scared of silicone.
Most women are self-employed and combine household and work activities.
Most women are sharp as razor blades when it comes to detecting bullshit.
Most women are shy about their bodies.
Most women are skilled at developing close, supportive relationships.
Most women are smart, truthful, and have cooperation.
Most women are somewhat aware of the constant internal murmur of their hormones.
Most women are surprisingly healthy, though.
Most women are terribly, terribly tidy.
Most women are there for non-violent crimes.
Most women are totally out of sync with their own biology, having depended on men doctors forever.
Most women are unwilling to undertake it.
Most women are very anxious.
Most women are very careful about what they wear when they leave home.
Most women are very concerned about the pain of labor.
Most women are very pleased with the results of the surgery.
Most women are very pleased with the results.
Most women are very sensitive about status and their place within a hierarchy.
Most women are well prepared for birth.
Most women are, at some level, are concerned with the way they look.
Most women are.
Most women arrive here after a few months of attaining puberty.
Most women ask husbands.
Most women assume roles.
Most women assume that a younger man is never mature enough to hold an intellectual conversation.
Most women assure nurturing men finish last.
Most women attend events.
Most women attend joyous events.
Most women avoid toxins.
Most women avoid using during the five to seven days of menses.
Most women balk at the thought of having an abortion.
Most women bear children.
Most women become a mother by accident, some by choice, a few by habit.
Most women become foster parents.
Most women become hunters as adults.
Most women become mothers by accident, some by choice.
Most women become mothers.
Most women become parents.
Most women become pregnant again fairly soon after the miscarriage.
Most women become virtually pain-free after one week.
Most women begin taking folic acid after they are pregnant.
Most women begin their pregnancies wanting a normal birth.
Most women begin their prenatal care in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Most women begin to dream about and plan their homes when they are children.
Most women begin to experience midlife at about the time menopause approaches.
Most women begin to get physically as well as mentally sick after a while.
Most women begin transitions.
Most women believe breast cancer is the most likely threat to their life.
Most women believe heart disease and stroke are largely a male problem.
Most women believe that cancer is a death sentence.
Most women believe that menopause begins when ovulation ceases.
Most women believe that they have the right to decide when and how they have sex.
Most women benefit from diets.
Most women benefit from experience.
Most women benefit from knowledge.
Most women benefit from supplements.
Most women benefit from use.
Most women bleed about two ounces during regular periods.
Most women build careers.
Most women buy houses.
Most women can achieve orgasm from clitoral stimulation, by finger, tongue, or vibrator.
Most women can attain orgasm by means of gentle massage of the clitoral area.
Most women can be happy in any of the Sororities on campus.
Most women can become pregnant in about one to three months after they stop taking the pill.
Most women can benefit from regular, moderate exercise during pregnancy.
Most women can bounce back to cheerfulness after a good night's sleep, or when feeding goes well.
Most women can breastfeed successfully.
Most women can breastfeed.
Most women can continue to engage in sexual activity throughout pregnancy.
Most women can continue to exercise throughout their pregnancies.
Most women can do more than they think they can in the out of doors.
Most women can do what it takes to load and unload a boat, and even run the boat.
Most women can easily learn to recognize an obvious mucus discharge at the time of fertility.
Most women can eat according to their appetite.
Most women can expect that sometime in their life they'll have a hormone problem.
Most women can go back to their normal activities as soon as they feel able.
Most women can have babies.
Most women can have children.
Most women can have men.
Most women can leave the clinic in a few hours.
Most women can meet their daily requirements of vitamins and minerals by eating a balanced diet.
Most women can obtain birth control pills by mail within the United States.
Most women can obtain birth control pills without an examination.
Most women can perform a mild to moderate exercise program.
Most women can plan to return to work several weeks after an uncomplicated vaginal delivery.
Most women can pour their hearts out, but too many men suffer in silence.
Most women can produce enough milk in one breast to exclusively breastfeed their babies.
Most women can produce enough milk to meet the needs of their infants.
Most women can reach orgasm through stimulation of the clitoris alone.
Most women can resume normal activities after six to eight weeks.
Most women can resume normal activities within a few days.
Most women can return to their normal activities the day after the procedure.
Most women can return to work about six weeks after their operation.
Most women can return to work after one to two weeks.
Most women can return to work after two weeks.
Most women can return to work and family commitments by the next day.
Most women can return to work in three weeks and to all normal activities in three to four weeks.
Most women can safely continue working throughout pregnancy.
Most women can safely continue working throughout their pregnancy.
Most women can safely lose about one pound per week while breastfeeding.
Most women can safely stay active throughout pregnancy.
Most women can safely take hormones, like estrogen and progesterone.
Most women can t live up to that standard.
Most women can take the Pill safely.
Most women can tell if they are approaching menopause when their periods start changing.
Most women can tell when they are in labour.
Most women can use birth control pills.
Most women can use emergency pills.
Most women can use implants safely.
Most women can use injections safely.
Most women can wear medium sized earrings.
Most women can work without problems throughout their pregnancies.
Most women can, with practice, learn to have an orgasm either during or without intercourse.
Most women can.
Most women care for husbands.
Most women carry babies.
Most women carry baggage.
Most women carry children.
Most women carry fetuses.
Most women carry handbags which can also be used to strike or strangle.
Most women carry multiple fetuses.
Most women carry nearly that much in their purse.
Most women carry pregnancy.
Most women carrying twins are able to have vaginal births.
Most women change methods.
Most women change patterns.
Most women change their ritual from time to time in labor, when a change of pace seems necessary.
Most women choose lumpectomy and radiation without actually knowing the cosmetic differences.
Most women choose options.
Most women choose to have scans to check for abnormalities in the foetus as a matter of course.
Most women choose to wear dresses, jumpers, skirts and blouses, or just skirts and tshirts.
Most women choose to wear nice dresses of knee length or longer.
Most women come for pregnancy confirmation very soon after they have missed a menstrual period.
Most women come from families.
Most women come from the Philippines but an increasing number migrate from Slovakia.
Most women come into marriage with every gift to have a wonderful relationship.
Most women come on their own.
Most women come through pregnancy and birth with no problems.
Most women come to adoption through various set-backs in having their own child.
Most women commit suicide by taking caustic soda, causing a slow, painful death.
Most women compare the experience to menstrual cramps.
Most women complain of something during their menstrual period.
Most women complain of waking up in the middle of the night due to leg cramps.
Most women complain that there are no single, straight men left.
Most women complete the abortion within six hours of taking the second drug.
Most women consider careers.
Most women consider it a bonding experience.
Most women consider marriages.
Most women consider pregnancy.
Most women consider the procedure only to be mildly uncomfortable.
Most women consult doctors.
Most women consult physicians.
Most women consult women.
Most women consume alcoholic beverages.
Most women consume caffeine.
Most women consume calcium.
Most women consume calories.
Most women consume diets.
Most women consume fat diets.
Most women consume food.
Most women consume fresh food.
Most women consume juice.
Most women consume milk.
Most women consume more calories.
Most women consume proteins.
Most women consume servings.
Most women consume vegetarian diets.
Most women continue pregnancy.
Most women continue the use for two months.
Most women continue to bleed a little bit for at least two weeks.
Most women continue to have frequent orgasms, and men, in the absence of disease, are still potent.
Most women continue to work in traditionally female dominated fields.
Most women cook breakfasts.
Most women cook over open fires with their babies on their back or strapped to their front.
Most women crave food.
Most women deal with situations.
Most women decide to join a gym with no actual plan in mind.
Most women decline to take the materials, providers report.
Most women deliver children.
Most women deliver within two weeks of their estimated date of delivery.
Most women demonstrate lymphocyte responses.
Most women demonstrate responses.
Most women demonstrate skills.
Most women demonstrate strong responses.
Most women describe it as being uncomfortable rather than painful.
Most women describe pelvic pressure and some have menstrual-like cramps during cryotherapy.
Most women describe pushing contractions as different than labor contractions.
Most women describe the procedure as feeling like a sharp pinch.
Most women describe their menstrual cramps as a dull aching or a pressure low in the abdomen.
Most women desire a combination of both for their orgasms.
Most women desire to limit their family size.
Most women desire to marry and to create a family.
Most women develop abdominal pain.
Most women develop breasts.
Most women develop pain.
Most women develop severe abdominal pain.
Most women develop severe pain.
Most women diagnose with depressions.
Most women diagnosed with breast cancer have no family history of the disease.
Most women diagnosed with breast cancer have no history of it in their family.
Most women diagnosed with invasive breast cancer currently undergo axillary dissection.
Most women die in circumstances.
Most women die in mysterious circumstances.
Most women die of heart disease.
Most women die within five years.
Most women discover attributes.
Most women discover breast cancer earlier by doing monthly breast self exams.
Most women discover breast masses during monthly breast self-examination.
Most women discover own voices.
Most women discover voices.
Most women discuss childbearing decisions with their spouses.
Most women dislike dishonest, arrogant phonies.
Most women disturbingly have no clue about their safety.
Most women do become mothers.
Most women do care.
Most women do child care.
Most women do everything within their power to avoid divorce.
Most women do go home with at least one and sometimes two drainage tubes in the incision.
Most women do have pregnancy.
Most women do have slightly different-sized breasts, especially as a teenager.
Most women do have successful pregnancy.
Most women do really well.
Most women do the housework and gather home items from the stores for their families.
Most women do very well with the above medications.
Most women do.
Most women don t even think of rape by their husbands as marital rape.
Most women dread that time of the month.
Most women dream first of a happy family.
Most women drink alcohol.
Most women drink coffee.
Most women drink juice.
Most women drink soda.
Most women drive cars.
Most women drive fast cars.
Most women eat breakfasts.
Most women eat calories.
Most women eat diets.
Most women eat enrich food.
Most women eat fish.
Most women eat food.
Most women eat fruit.
Most women eat grain.
Most women eat healthy diets.
Most women eat meat.
Most women eat more calories.
Most women eat nuts.
Most women eat plant proteins.
Most women eat proteins.
Most women eat raw food.
Most women eat soy food.
Most women eat typical american diets.
Most women eat typical diets.
Most women eat very well during pregnancy.
Most women eat western diets.
Most women eat whole grain.
Most women educate mothers.
Most women elect to have a roommate so that they have someone to pal around with during the day.
Most women embroider at home.
Most women end up in men's clubs or brothels in Western Europe.
Most women engage in behavior.
Most women engage in intense workouts.
Most women engage in other unhealthy behavior.
Most women engage in unhealthy behavior.
Most women engage in workouts.
Most women enjoy being pregnant and are happy to become mothers.
Most women enjoy diets.
Most women enjoy jobs.
Most women enjoy the attention.
Most women enjoy the missionary position with legs apart.
Most women enter professions.
Most women enter rooms.
Most women enter years.
Most women eventually regret having an abortion.
Most women excrete urine.
Most women exhibit concentration.
Most women exhibit differences.
Most women exhibit variability.
Most women expect a little morning sickness when they become pregnant.
Most women experience a great deal of fatigue during their first trimester.
Most women experience a menstrual period four to six weeks after a miscarriage.
Most women experience breast changes or breast problems at various stages of their lives.
Most women experience breast pain.
Most women experience death.
Most women experience emotional shifts and mood swings.
Most women experience fetal death.
Most women experience few or none of the possible adverse effects of menopause.
Most women experience few, if any, symptoms in the early stages of the disease.
Most women experience greater feeling and orgasm when using it during sex.
Most women experience hot flashes for several years after menopause.
Most women experience hot flashes on their way to menopause.
Most women experience hot flushes during the transition through menopause.
Most women experience little to no discomfort during a pelvic exam.
Most women experience menopause in their forties or fifties.
Most women experience mild breast pain.
Most women experience mild discomfort only.
Most women experience mild pain.
Most women experience minimal discomfort.
Most women experience minimal, if any, discomfort or bruising.
Most women experience minor side effects.
Most women experience no pain during insertion, but one in five feels moderate or severe pain.
Most women experience only intermittent nausea and vomiting.
Most women experience only mild discomfort during the procedure.
Most women experience pain in labor.
Most women experience pelvic pain at some time during their lives.
Most women experience physical and emotional changes during a normal menstrual cycle.
Most women experience primary dysmenorrhea at some time during their life.
Most women experience recurring headache.
Most women experience relief immediately after an abortion.
Most women experience several years of waxing and waning ovarian function prior to menopause.
Most women experience severe breast pain.
Most women experience severe pain.
Most women experience shortness of breath to some degree that tends to worsen in the last trimester.
Most women experience side effects from birth control pills during the first three months of use.
Most women experience some constipation during their pregnancy.
Most women experience some fibrocystic symptoms during their reproductive years.
Most women experience some unpleasant or uncomfortable symptoms during their menstrual cycle.
Most women experience strong menstrual cramps during the dilation.
Most women experience temporary numbness and tightness in the soft tissue, lasting a day to a week.
Most women experience the breast size increasing also.
Most women experience their bag rupturing while at the hospital in active labor.
Most women experience their breast size increasing also.
Most women experience tolerance.
Most women explore freedom.
Most women explore impact.
Most women expose to secondhand smoke.
Most women expose to smoke.
Most women express emotion.
Most women face health issues.
Most women face issues.
Most women face many obstacles.
Most women face obstacles.
Most women face possibility.
Most women face problems.
Most women face restrictions.
Most women face some unique challenges.
Most women fall somewhere in between.
Most women fear breast cancer, yet heart disease is the leading cause of death among women.
Most women fear for their safety at some point every day of their lives.
Most women feed cats.
Most women feed ducks.
Most women feel a burning or pulling sensation there for about a week.
Most women feel a slight pressure on the breast.
Most women feel babies.
Most women feel breasts.
Most women feel depression and trauma after an abortion.
Most women feel fine after the procedure and return to their normal routine right away.
Most women feel fine in an hour and leave the clinic within two hours after the procedure.
Most women feel intense pain.
Most women feel movement.
Most women feel nervous and embarrassed about their first pelvic exam.
Most women feel nothing as it slips on, but a few women can tell when it takes hold.
Most women feel nothing at all or feel pressure.
Most women feel numb from the waist down, which can affect their ability to push.
Most women feel pain similar to menstrual cramps.
Most women feel pain.
Most women feel paralyzed and unable to change.
Most women feel pressure.
Most women feel pressured by society to make a choice.
Most women feel pretty good during egg donation.
Most women feel problems.
Most women feel procedures.
Most women feel relief.
Most women feel relieved, some feel sad, as well as various other emotions.
Most women feel shocked and upset by the idea of having surgery to the vulva.
Most women feel some apprehension when they are going to have a mammography exam.
Most women feel some discomfort before their periods.
Most women feel their period coming with some breast and pelvic pains.
Most women feel uncomfortable pressure.
Most women find activities.
Most women find choices.
Most women find functions.
Most women find great relief and new life following hysterectomy.
Most women find hot flashes the worst side effect from tamoxifen.
Most women find information.
Most women find it best to avoid strenuous exercise for the first few days.
Most women find it helpful to lubricate the vagina.
Most women find many more opportunity.
Most women find many opportunity.
Most women find men.
Most women find opportunity.
Most women find peculiar men.
Most women find relief.
Most women find significant relief.
Most women find such activities.
Most women find tendencies.
Most women find that acne improves while taking birth control pills.
Most women find that eating fruit can do a lot for alleviating symptoms.
Most women find that in some ways they have changed permanently.
Most women find that it's a little harder to insert and remove a cervical cap than a diaphragm.
Most women find that mood shifts improve when menopause actually arrives.
Most women find that the hardest time is the first month.
Most women find that the size of their feet increases at least half a shoe size after giving birth.
Most women find that their periods stop or become irregular during their treatment.
Most women find that their regular swimming costume is fine.
Most women find that their shoe size increases by a half size in the third trimester .
Most women find that wearing pantyhose all day results in drag or dropping.
Most women find the itching to be quite mild.
Most women find the lump themselves during a breast self-exam.
Most women find the the gore of other games too distasteful.
Most women find the treatment is worse than the disease.
Most women find their breasts sometimes feel 'full' between feeds.
Most women find their own lumps.
Most women find they can eat whatever they like, including spicy foods, cabbage, and chocolate.
Most women find they have less menstrual pain after having children.
Most women find thyroid functions.
Most women find wellnesses.
Most women first begin to suspect they're pregnant when they miss a period.
Most women follow administration.
Most women follow protocols.
Most women follow style.
Most women follow the diligent path.
Most women forget to take a pill once and a while.
Most women gain employment.
Most women gain productive employment.
Most women gain two to four pounds during the first trimester.
Most women gain weight over time.
Most women gain weight while using injectables.
Most women gather fruit.
Most women gather saguaro fruit.
Most women get a little tired of being pregnant during the third trimester.
Most women get babies.
Most women get better without invasive evaluations or surgical procedures.
Most women get by without needing medical assistance.
Most women get calcium.
Most women get cravings at one time or another.
Most women get estrogens.
Most women get fiber.
Most women get flat tummies.
Most women get ideas.
Most women get jobs.
Most women get less than half of the recommended amount of folic acid daily.
Most women get materials.
Most women get new jobs.
Most women get normal periods and ovulation within three months of stopping the pill.
Most women get out of prison.
Most women get ovarian cysts every month when they ovulate and are of little consequence.
Most women get reassuring results from the triple screen.
Most women get routine pelvic exams including pap smears annually.
Most women get sick after the holidays.
Most women get the results before they leave.
Most women get their infection from men.
Most women get throats.
Most women get thrush at some point in their lives.
Most women get tummies.
Most women get what is often called the 'baby blues' during the first week after childbirth.
Most women give birth in a hospital.
Most women give birth in their homes or rural clinics, far from emergency maternity care.
Most women give consent.
Most women give up breastfeeding because they wrongfully fear that they have insufficient milk.
Most women go back to the same situation.
Most women go home a few hours after the surgery.
Most women go home the same day and can return to normal activities within a few days.
Most women go into careers.
Most women go on to enjoy a healthy and productive lifestyle for many years afterward.
Most women go through childbirth without trained health assistance.
Most women go through life with looks bordering on average, never realizing their true potential.
Most women go through life.
Most women go through periods.
Most women go to great lengths trying to mask their femenine aroma.
Most women gradually develop more facial or body hair with age.
Most women grow details.
Most women grow further details.
Most women grow up in a sexual oasis, where sexual opportunities abound.
Most women hate pushy guys.
Most women have a basic black cocktail dress.
Most women have a bathroom full of fun hair products.
Most women have a good idea if they look best in warm shades or cool ones.
Most women have a higher sense of the importance of long-term relationships.
Most women have a least little tea under cultivation.
Most women have a little shoe fetish.
Most women have a long skirt and a frilly blouse.
Most women have a period of time where they feel nasty, worthless or depressed.
Most women have a sense at some time in their lives that their biological clock is ticking.
Most women have a small amount of discharge when their breasts are squeezed.
Most women have a story about women who dress in a provocative manner in the workplace.
Most women have a sufficient amount of time to learn about and decide upon treatment options.
Most women have abortions because they feel there is no other choice.
Most women have abortions because they want to be successful mothers.
Most women have activities.
Most women have advanced cancer when it's detected.
Most women have allergic reaction.
Most women have approaches.
Most women have at least one dependent child.
Most women have authority.
Most women have babies.
Most women have bellies.
Most women have better multi-tasking abilities than most men.
Most women have big bellies.
Most women have bone density.
Most women have bone mass.
Most women have bones.
Most women have breasts.
Most women have broader criteria.
Most women have calcium excretion.
Most women have calcium.
Most women have cancer treatments.
Most women have capacity.
Most women have career choices.
Most women have cellulite - even thin ones.
Most women have children.
Most women have choices.
Most women have concern.
Most women have concrete ideas.
Most women have cramps for several hours, and many pass blood clots as they are aborting.
Most women have daily activities.
Most women have death.
Most women have decisions.
Most women have defects.
Most women have density.
Most women have diets.
Most women have different patterns.
Most women have different taste.
Most women have difficulty in applying eye shadow.
Most women have difficulty.
Most women have diseases.
Most women have disturb activities.
Most women have dreams.
Most women have drinks.
Most women have dry skin.
Most women have enough androgens, even after menopause.
Most women have estrogen secretion.
Most women have excessive secretion.
Most women have excretion.
Most women have excuses.
Most women have expertise.
Most women have factors.
Most women have fans and lace veils over their hair.
Most women have fat tissue.
Most women have fetal death.
Most women have few choices.
Most women have few problems with pregnancy.
Most women have few, if any, problems during pregnancy.
Most women have genetic diseases.
Most women have good healthy relationships with their children.
Most women have growth factors.
Most women have health problems.
Most women have health.
Most women have hot flashes for a period between two months and two years.
Most women have hot flashes, to one degree or another, in the years surrounding menopause.
Most women have ideas.
Most women have identities.
Most women have information.
Most women have injuries.
Most women have insulin.
Most women have irregular menstrual periods.
Most women have irregular periods.
Most women have job qualifications.
Most women have kids.
Most women have knowledge.
Most women have labor.
Most women have learned that men are never lost - or so men think.
Most women have less opportunity.
Most women have less or no bleeding or period pain and less or no premenstrual tension.
Most women have level positions.
Most women have life.
Most women have limitations.
Most women have liposuction performed on their hips, thighs and stomach.
Most women have little or no information about breast cancer and they have no extra money.
Most women have low urinary calcium excretion.
Most women have low urinary excretion.
Most women have lower bone density.
Most women have lower density.
Most women have major responsibility.
Most women have male family members.
Most women have many health problems.
Most women have many problems.
Most women have mass.
Most women have meals.
Most women have meat meals.
Most women have men.
Most women have menstrual periods.
Most women have mild menstrual cramps as their period begins.
Most women have milk.
Most women have minimal impact on their life due to minor symptoms but some suffer severly.
Most women have more lipsticks than anything else.
Most women have mothers.
Most women have multiple pregnancy.
Most women have nausea.
Most women have necks.
Most women have new approaches.
Most women have no character at all.
Most women have no characters at all.
Most women have no idea how willing men are.
Most women have no problems getting pregnant with a retroverted uterus.
Most women have no problems with fitting and use.
Most women have no side effects after taking ECPs.
Most women have no side effects.
Most women have no symptoms at all.
Most women have no symptoms of heart disease with mitral valve prolapse.
Most women have no symptoms.
Most women have none.
Most women have offspring.
Most women have one breast larger than the other.
Most women have only a few.
Most women have only a little pain during the procedure.
Most women have only certain ones.
Most women have options that range from breast conservation to mastectomy.
Most women have options.
Most women have orgasms from clitoral stimulation.
Most women have orgasms from vaginal stimulation.
Most women have orgasms when stimulation to the clitoris is more directly received.
Most women have other options.
Most women have ovaries.
Most women have ovulation.
Most women have pain in the sacroiliac joint, the area where the pelvis attaches to the low back.
Most women have painful periods.
Most women have partners.
Most women have patterns.
Most women have periods.
Most women have poor diets.
Most women have positions.
Most women have positive pregnancy tests.
Most women have positive tests.
Most women have power.
Most women have preference.
Most women have pregnancies that are normal, uneventful and require no medical intervention.
Most women have pregnancy tests.
Most women have pregnancy.
Most women have problems with owning too many pairs of shoes, or even too many tubes of lipstick.
Most women have problems.
Most women have professional identities.
Most women have properties.
Most women have qualifications.
Most women have quality.
Most women have reaction.
Most women have relatively regular periods.
Most women have religious life.
Most women have responsibility.
Most women have results.
Most women have rights.
Most women have risk factors.
Most women have roles.
Most women have salt intake.
Most women have same problems.
Most women have second and fourth fingers that are of equal length.
Most women have secretion.
Most women have sensation.
Most women have serious reaction.
Most women have severe allergic reaction.
Most women have severe reaction.
Most women have sex for the first time in their teens.
Most women have sex partners.
Most women have sex.
Most women have sexual partners.
Most women have shorter torsos and longer legs than men.
Most women have side effects such as hot flashes, headaches, mood swings, or night sweats.
Most women have skills.
Most women have skin.
Most women have slight irregular bleeding between their periods, for the first three months or so.
Most women have soft breast lumps and bumps they can feel.
Most women have some bleeding and cramps for about two weeks after an abortion.
Most women have some bleeding for at least two weeks.
Most women have some bleeding for several days pr weeks after a miscarriage.
Most women have some cramping or pain the first day or two of a period.
Most women have some light bleeding and discharge after laser treatment.
Most women have some lumps or lumpy areas in their breasts all the time.
Most women have some numbness in their armpit, arm and side.
Most women have some numbness or pins and needles across their chest for several months.
Most women have special concern.
Most women have strong preference.
Most women have style.
Most women have successful pregnancies after they go off the Pill.
Most women have suitable partners.
Most women have survival.
Most women have symptoms.
Most women have teeth.
Most women have tests.
Most women have the same issues.
Most women have their babies either two weeks before or two weeks after the date.
Most women have time.
Most women have tissue.
Most women have to stay at home and be a housewife.
Most women have to stay for one to three years for theft or fraud.
Most women have to tolerate the abuse, and are reluctant to inform outsiders.
Most women have to walk for many miles to get their firewood.
Most women have to work.
Most women have too much estrogen from external sources in our environment.
Most women have treatments.
Most women have trouble.
Most women have tubes.
Most women have two or three mastectomy bras.
Most women have urinary excretion.
Most women have uteruses.
Most women have values.
Most women have very late stage diagnosis.
Most women have very little discomfort after a biopsy.
Most women have very little discomfort.
Most women have very strong legs.
Most women have visions of their perfect wedding from the time they are children.
Most women have vitamins.
Most women have years.
Most women hear news.
Most women help babies.
Most women here are with hejabs.
Most women hold babies.
Most women hold breaths.
Most women hold hands.
Most women hold jobs.
Most women hold mirrors.
Most women hold old year babies.
Most women hold pans.
Most women hold positions.
Most women hold roles.
Most women hold values.
Most women identify primarily with the home and the family.
Most women improve confidence.
Most women incorporate suggestions.
Most women incorporate the bulk herbs into their diets easily using our guidelines.
Most women increase one size in girth and one size in cup size, but again, there are no guarantees.
Most women interpret innocent remarks or acts as being sexist.
Most women involved in charity work develop leadership skills.
Most women join husbands.
Most women join when their children are young.
Most women just curl or coat the tips of lashes.
Most women just end up trying to walk away as quickly as possible.
Most women just have one and then go on to have completely normal pregnancies.
Most women just love candles.
Most women keep putting off their PAPs and once they do go in, often it's too late.
Most women know all too well that men speak a completely different language than they do.
Most women know how to do it for themselves more reliably and efficiently than with men.
Most women know if they're about to face what physicians call a high-risk pregnancy.
Most women know men are visual and usually want to date attractive women.
Most women know that part of their thrill is our reaction.
Most women know that, too.
Most women know they have no business getting involved when there are unresolved issues within.
Most women know what makes their parents, partners, or children happy.
Most women know women.
Most women lack knowledge about vulvovaginal health.
Most women lack the knowledge to adequately plan for retirement.
Most women lather up and shave against the hair growth of their legs for best results.
Most women lead to discoveries.
Most women learn to use the complex team tactics two to three times faster than most men.
Most women leave hospital on the same day.
Most women leave houses.
Most women lie about being raped, especially when they accuse men they date or other acquaintances.
Most women like to read the male point of view in a story.
Most women like to receive admiration, even if it is nothing but lip service.
Most women limit caffeine intake.
Most women limit intake.
Most women limit sugar intake.
Most women live in areas.
Most women live in cities.
Most women live in climates.
Most women live in communities.
Most women live in fear of being sexually assaulted.
Most women live in fear of developing breast cancer.
Most women live in houses.
Most women live in humid climates.
Most women live in neighborhoods.
Most women live in same areas.
Most women live in urban areas.
Most women live out their usual days with the creative life a distant dream.
Most women live with family or roommates.
Most women live with fear of being sexually assaulted.
Most women look dowdy in shrouds.
Most women lose husbands.
Most women lose pounds.
Most women love a clean home.
Most women love cats.
Most women love decorative soap.
Most women love dogs.
Most women love gorgeous jewelry.
Most women love husbands.
Most women love it, and want to learn it.
Most women love jewelry.
Most women love kids.
Most women love Love, more than they love their Lover.
Most women love short hair.
Most women love sisters.
Most women love to be held.
Most women love to receive flowers over any other gift for the value.
Most women lubricate naturally in straight intercourse.
Most women maintain balance diets.
Most women maintain diets.
Most women maintain healthy target weight.
Most women maintain healthy weight.
Most women maintain weight.
Most women make a habit of integrating house work into their workday quite effectively.
Most women make an easy transition without crisis.
Most women make appearances.
Most women make arrangements.
Most women make bread dough.
Most women make calculations.
Most women make choices.
Most women make dietary choices.
Most women make different choices.
Most women make different dietary choices.
Most women make discoveries.
Most women make dough.
Most women make effort.
Most women make extra effort.
Most women make milk.
Most women make noise.
Most women make pots of all types during the wet season.
Most women make progress.
Most women make rational calculations.
Most women make sound.
Most women make surprise discoveries.
Most women marry husbands.
Most women marry men older than themselves who die at younger ages.
Most women master the art of carrying the water container without hand support at a very early age.
Most women masturbate by stimulating their clitoris in some way.
Most women mathematicians work and study in an environment with few female co-workers.
Most women meet men.
Most women never become totally bald.
Most women never do.
Most women never leave home without a lipstick and a pocket comb in their purses.
Most women note that the procedure is about as uncomfortable as having blood drawn from their arm.
Most women notice an improvement or remission of canker sores during pregnancy.
Most women notice benefits within four to eight weeks of regular use.
Most women notice cravings for sweets, starchy foods and chocolate.
Most women notice from time to time that they have a discharge from the vagina.
Most women notice it on toilet paper or in their panties.
Most women notice it when they are trying to sleep.
Most women notice nothing at all until the infection has spread from the cervix.
Most women notice some constipation, often accompanied by irregular bowel movements.
Most women notice their breasts become fuller and firmer within the first six to eight weeks.
Most women now have saline implants.
Most women now work full or part time out of necessity or choice.
Most women obtain materials.
Most women offer theories.
Most women only experience premenstrual symptoms for a few days.
Most women only stay for a few hours after giving birth, as a result health problems occur.
Most women opt to take on the responsibility by having tubal ligation especially postpartum.
Most women outside wear a veil to hide their faces.
Most women ovulate only once a month.
Most women ovulate two weeks after quitting the pill.
Most women own dogs.
Most women participate in activities.
Most women participate in behavior.
Most women participate in science.
Most women participate in vigorous activities.
Most women pass hard stools.
Most women pass stools.
Most women pay attention.
Most women pay special attention.
Most women perform songs.
Most women pick up a piece here and there and attempt to assimilate things to their own live .
Most women plan on a normal vaginal birth, but a Cesarean delivery is always a possibility.
Most women play important roles.
Most women play key roles.
Most women play roles.
Most women prefer a combination of estrogen and progesterone.
Most women prefer early discharge.
Most women prefer light, feathery kisses.
Most women prefer long hair and thus cover the seemingly stubborn cowlicks atop their head.
Most women prefer men who are honest and sincere.
Most women prefer partners.
Most women prefer quick-fix diets, pills, and creams to working out.
Most women prefer simple, sweet nothings like back rubs, champagne and bubble baths.
Most women prefer small support groups.
Most women prefer to choose their own style.
Most women prefer to deliver in a hospital.
Most women prefer to have a doctor in the room when they give birth.
Most women prefer to use oral sex as foreplay.
Most women prefer to use the cream after showering in the morning as well.
Most women prepare dough.
Most women present with a malodorous yellow vaginal discharge, vaginal soreness, and vulvar itching.
Most women pressure men into marriage.
Most women produce children.
Most women produce growth hormones.
Most women produce hormones.
Most women produce improvement.
Most women produce less melanin.
Most women produce male hormones.
Most women produce melanin.
Most women produce offspring.
Most women produce only one egg per monthly cycle.
Most women produce smell.
Most women provide benefits.
Most women provide children.
Most women provide laundry services.
Most women provide services.
Most women provide values.
Most women pursue careers.
Most women question vocation.
Most women raise children.
Most women raise issues.
Most women raise kids.
Most women raise particular issues.
Most women range in ages.
Most women rank family leave as extremely important in their list of benefits.
Most women reach adulthood.
Most women reach ages.
Most women reach middle adulthood.
Most women read stories.
Most women realize beauty.
Most women really regard the penis as unsanitary.
Most women receive a combination of treatments.
Most women receive a spinal or an epidural so that they can be awake for the birth.
Most women receive benefits.
Most women receive better nutrition.
Most women receive care.
Most women receive careful diagnoses.
Most women receive diagnoses.
Most women receive injections.
Most women receive injuries.
Most women receive nutrition.
Most women receive orientations.
Most women receive proteins.
Most women receive results on the same day.
Most women receive serious injuries.
Most women receiving abortions in North Dakota live in urban counties with a major college.
Most women recognize pictures.
Most women recognize that clitoral stimulation evokes orgasm.
Most women recognize that sleeping with the boss is a sleazy thing to do.
Most women recover fully in a week.
Most women recover quickly and can soon return to their daily routines.
Most women recover with no problems.
Most women reduce calorie intake.
Most women reduce daily calorie intake.
Most women reduce daily intake.
Most women reduce intake.
Most women regret abortions.
Most women relax as soon as they enter the warm water.
Most women rely on medical advice when looking for a method of family planning.
Most women rely on methods.
Most women rely on social security as a major source of retirement income.
Most women remove jewellery.
Most women report anxiety.
Most women report chest pain.
Most women report consumption.
Most women report death.
Most women report diseases.
Most women report distress.
Most women report easy fatigability throughout the first trimester.
Most women report feeling some cramping, similar to their menstrual cramps.
Most women report flu-like aches.
Most women report have chest pain.
Most women report having very little or no pain.
Most women report kidney diseases.
Most women report no change in their periods.
Most women report no pain, or minimal discomfort at most.
Most women report pain.
Most women report periods.
Most women report stomach distress.
Most women report symptoms of both types of incontinence.
Most women report that penetration heightens the experience of orgasm.
Most women report that their back and neck pain is reduced.
Most women report that they can see and feel positive benefits within the first four to six weeks.
Most women require attention.
Most women require calories.
Most women require clitoral stimulation to climax.
Most women require clitoral stimulation to reach an orgasm.
Most women require energy intake.
Most women require intake.
Most women require more strength work than flexibility.
Most women respond by choosing breastfeeding.
Most women respond to once-daily therapy.
Most women resume ovulation in the first cycle off oral contraceptives.
Most women resume their exercise program by walking.
Most women return from their day jobs to an evening of household rituals.
Most women return homes.
Most women return to work about a week after the procedure.
Most women return to work after two days.
Most women say it takes days to come back into themselves.
Most women say that the cramping associated with abortion is tolerable.
Most women say their interest just developed along the way.
Most women say they drink because they like the taste of alcohol, but some cite stress as a factor.
Most women say they eat the same amount but start gaining weight due to the change in metabolism.
Most women say they take pleasure in cooking for family, even though they're pressed for time.
Most women say they want sensitivity, a sense of humor, intelligence, etc.
Most women say today's mothers are also doing a worse job than their own mothers did.
Most Women search for safe remedies when thinning starts - once bitten, twice shy.
Most women secretly desire to be raped.
Most women see babies.
Most women see breasts.
Most women see children.
Most women see doctors.
Most women see first hands.
Most women see girls.
Most women see hands.
Most women see men on many different levels - physical, emotional, mental.
Most women see men.
Most women see opportunity.
Most women see themselves as care providers for their families.
Most women see values.
Most women see vegetables.
Most women seek advice.
Most women seek attention.
Most women seek care.
Most women seek children.
Most women seek health care.
Most women seek marriages.
Most women seek medical attention.
Most women seek men.
Most women seek prenatal care.
Most women seek treatments.
Most women seek trends.
Most women seem to already have accountability relationships of some kind.
Most women seem to like that while being munched.
Most women serve families.
Most women serve more time than men for committing the same crime.
Most women shake hands.
Most women shake heads.
Most women share enough in common to make such communication possible.
Most women share stories.
Most women shop about two to three months before their baby is due.
Most women show feelings.
Most women show growth.
Most women show no signs of cancer on any of the tests.
Most women show no symptoms.
Most women show requirements.
Most women show steady growth.
Most women show style.
Most women show symptoms.
Most women simply have the x-ray and are pleased to find there are no signs of breast cancer.
Most women simply let their hair go when their priorities change, such as starting a family.
Most women sing songs.
Most women sit on chairs.
Most women snap photos.
Most women spend their time shrieking in the background of the action, rather than getting involved.
Most women start pregnancy.
Most women start to get signs of menopause many months before it actually happens.
Most women start with a lower commitment level and move up to a higher level over time.
Most women stay in the hospital overnight.
Most women still do the shopping.
Most women stop having periods during therapy.
Most women stop using make-up early in the disease.
Most women subsequently have healthy pregnancies and normal deliveries.
Most women suffer brain damage.
Most women suffer damage.
Most women suffer excessive hair thinning at some time in their lives.
Most women suffer for months.
Most women suffer from blunt injuries.
Most women suffer from diseases.
Most women suffer from injuries.
Most women suffer from issues.
Most women suffer from lack of confidence.
Most women suffer from menstrual pain.
Most women suffer from menstruation.
Most women suffer from pain.
Most women suffer from painful menstruation.
Most women suffer from some pain during the periods.
Most women suffer problems.
Most women suffer severe problems.
Most women suffer sickness.
Most women survive breast cancer and lead satisfying and productive lives.
Most women survive war.
Most women take about four weeks to stop bleeding and to heal inside.
Most women take actions.
Most women take an occasional bubble bath and read a book.
Most women take aspirin.
Most women take both estrogen and progestin, in combination.
Most women take care.
Most women take family responsibility.
Most women take in too little calcium over the years.
Most women take interest.
Most women take medicine.
Most women take notice.
Most women take responsibility.
Most women take roles.
Most women take seats.
Most women take sex too seriously.
Most women take showers.
Most women take steps.
Most women take the division of jobs as a fact of life.
Most women take up residences.
Most women taking birth control pills have no problems at all.
Most women talk to friends.
Most women talk with doctors.
Most women tanci writers have been criticized for supporting feudal polygamy.
Most women tend to have more milk earlier in the day.
Most women tend to invest too conservatively to generate enough income for their life span.
Most women tend to pay more attention to proper dining etiquette.
Most women tend to store excess fat around the hips and thighs.
Most women tend to take care of everyone but themselves.
Most women tend to void somewhat more frequently as they get older.
Most women tend to wait to take a pregnancy test until after they have missed one menstrual period.
Most women there approve.
Most women think it is breast cancer.
Most women think of heart disease as a man's disease.
Most women think of their breasts in bra cup sizes.
Most women think, oh gross, dirty, bloody, sticky, yucky.
Most women tolerate GnRHas quite well.
Most women tolerate the procedure with a minimum of discomfort.
Most women touch their man's genitals too lightly, too hesitantly.
Most women treat children.
Most women try diets.
Most women try on dozens of jeans before finding one pair that fits and flatters.
Most women try tapeworm diets.
Most women undergo assist reproduction.
Most women undergo pregnancy.
Most women undergo reproduction.
Most women undergo tests.
Most women understand calendars.
Most women understand facts.
Most women understand volume as it relates to bra cup size.
Most women use a tampon.
Most women use about a dozen per cycle.
Most women use assist reproductive technology.
Most women use cancer screens.
Most women use chairs.
Most women use cups.
Most women use effective methods.
Most women use either sanitary pads or tampons to absorb the flow.
Most women use homes.
Most women use information.
Most women use juice.
Most women use knowledge.
Most women use materials.
Most women use mechanisms.
Most women use methodologies.
Most women use methods.
Most women use napkins.
Most women use reproductive technology.
Most women use same mechanisms.
Most women use same methods.
Most women use screens.
Most women use skin.
Most women use something to absorb or catch their menses .
Most women use something to absorb or catch their menses.
Most women use technology.
Most women use the room to get support when they are stressed and down.
Most women use toilets.
Most women use weight.
Most women view attractive women as threatening, especially in the workplace.
Most women visit towns.
Most women voice their fear of pain as their greatest anxiety around the abortion experience.
Most women wait awhile to share news about a pregnancy with colleagues or employers.
Most women wait for doctors.
Most women wait several years before telling their doctors, largely because of embarrassment.
Most women wait to have children until they make partner.
Most women walk into rooms.
Most women watch children.
Most women wear a bathing suit in the shower and keep a pistol handy.
Most women wear an elaborately-colored komono, often with a tacky fur boa.
Most women wear anything they like.
Most women wear different sizes on the top versus the bottom.
Most women wear heels.
Most women wear high heels.
Most women wear long, colorful cotton dresses with bright shawls as face coverings.
Most women wear long, colorful cotton dresses, with bright shawls as face coverings.
Most women wear pads inside the bra at work to protect against leaking.
Most women wear pearl, leather, or silver necklaces, as well as bracelets and anklets.
Most women wear platform shoes and silk pants are popular for men.
Most women wear shoes.
Most women weigh pounds.
Most women wind up keeping their veset on both the thirtieth and thirty-first days.
Most women work a double day, both in their place of employment and at home.
Most women work at home cleaning, cooking, caring for their family, as well as outside of the home.
Most women work because of economic necessity.
Most women work grueling hours.
Most women work harder at parenting than do most men.
Most women work harder than men.
Most women work on rented land, crop-sharing, or for other landowners.
Most women work outside the home out of economic necessity.
Most women work outside the home, and some men hold more than one job.
Most women work outside the home.
Most women work.
Most women worry unnecessarily.
Most women wouldn t be.
Most women write articles.
Most women write music.
Most women write sheet music.
Some women often get cold sores around the time of their period.
Some women sometimes go without underwear torturing the hell out of men for their amusement.
Some women sometimes release a substantially greater amount of liquid vaginally.
Some woman actually let movie makers film the whole thing in color.
Some woman actually let some moviemakers film the whole thing.
Some woman can use male hormones to balance their bodies.
Some woman feel as if an abortion is the only solution to the crisis they face.
Some woman make the trip to the supermarket an erotic experience.
Some woman reach orgasm through clitoral stimulation exclusively.
Some woman say they find drag degrading or belittling to women.
Some woman say, it is the most effective nail file that they have ever had.
Some woman starve themselves to death, trying to be thin enough.
Some woman swear by implants, others insist they're unsafe.
Some woman's on the phone.
Some women abuse other women, men, and children.
Some women achieve goals.
Some women achieve orgasm from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Some women achieve orgasm from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus.
Some women achieve results.
Some women achieve same results.
Some women acquire people.
Some women actually describe the second trimester as some of the best sex they've ever had.
Some women actually experience direct confrontation from strangers for breastfeeding in public.
Some women actually feel at their best during ovulation.
Some women actually feel liberated after menopause and report an increased interest in sex.
Some women actually find that running eases symptoms like headache, fatigue, cramps and bloating.
Some women actually gain weight after weaning.
Some women actually prefer to give birth completely alone.
Some women actually report a feeling of well-being or euporia.
Some women actually stop menstruating about a year after insertion.
Some women actually use a spectulum to observe the cervix.
Some women actually use a speculum to observe the cervix.
Some women add their husband's family name after a hyphen.
Some women adjust quite readily to functioning with a lower level of estrogen than in their youth.
Some women adjust to the hot flashes from tamoxifen.
Some women adopt, while others act as guardians or mentors, or even roll models.
Some women affect boron metabolism.
Some women affect metabolism.
Some women agree.
Some women alert villagers.
Some women also care for the smaller animals and do the agricultural field work.
Some women also choose to wear a head covering.
Some women also complain of dry vulval skin.
Some women also complain of feeling stuffy, like a head cold.
Some women also describe orgasms without contractions.
Some women also develop a rash and fluid retention.
Some women also experience a drop in the sexual energy hormone, testosterone.
Some women also experience breakthrough bleeding if they miss a pill, or are late taking a pill.
Some women also experience breast tenderness, abdominal pain, headache or dizziness with treatment.
Some women also experience lower abdominal pains during ovulation.
Some women also experience mild bruising or tenderness during and after the exam.
Some women also experience orgasm by means of cunnilingus.
Some women also experience some nausea, vomiting or diarrhea from the prostaglandin.
Some women also experience variable changes in mood.
Some women also exude a stream of wetness, sometimes referred to as female ejaculation.
Some women also feel depressed and have uncomfortable perimenopausal symptoms.
Some women also feel powerless and helpless, having no place to go or financial resources.
Some women also feel pressure or aches and pains in their pelvic joints and perineum.
Some women also feel soreness in the armpits and breastbone.
Some women also find hot ginger compresses helpful.
Some women also find it helpful to drink a glass of cold water at the very start of a hot flash.
Some women also find it's more comfortable to wear a light bra when sleeping as well.
Some women also get hot flashes or episodes of fever.
Some women also have a vaginal discharge that smells unpleasant discomfort or pain during sex.
Some women also have difficulty losing the extra pounds which they gained during the pregnancy.
Some women also have religious and moral implications to consider.
Some women also have very light bleeding, or spotting, during ovulation.
Some women also lose their eyelashes and eyebrows during chemotherapy.
Some women also notice an increase in vaginal discharge and vulval itching.
Some women also notice blue in their urine immediately after the surgery.
Some women also notice redness on the breast.
Some women also notice slight muscle cramps.
Some women also notice small bumps appearing on the areola.
Some women also perform breast self-exams.
Some women also report an increase in bloating after drinking certain alcoholic beverages.
Some women also report improved concentration and restored feelings of well-being.
Some women also report irritability and anxiety.
Some women also report success using herbal remedies such as echinacea, lecithin, and vitamin C .
Some women also report toxic shock syndrome from the use of tampons.
Some women also require treatment for hirsutism, acne, obesity and infertility.
Some women also respond to stimulation of their G-spot.
Some women also sit on the washing machine for the spin cycle.
Some women also spray the area with deodorants or perfumes.
Some women also spray the area with harsh soaps.
Some women also struggle with sexual addiction.
Some women also suffer from inability to have an orgasm.
Some women also take vitamin supplements or choose hormone replacement therapy.
Some women also use an adult disposable diaper during their heavy flow to prevent accidents.
Some women also use nicotine to combat depression.
Some women also use some sort of rocking or rhythmic motion while kneeling.
Some women also view dairy products, particularly cheese, as healthy.
Some women also wear casual dresses.
Some women angrily turn their backs if they think visitors are raising cameras in their direction.
Some women announce arrivals.
Some women answer doors.
Some women appear in both lists.
Some women appear to be asymptomatic when their silicone gel implants rupture.
Some women appear to have a higher risk of postpartum depression.
Some women approach technological empowerment through computer and corporate fields.
Some women are able to cope with the demands of daily life until they become a mother.
Some women are able to grow their hair long and pull it back.
Some women are able to pump at work.
Some women are able to time intercourse on or near their periods to avoid pregnancy.
Some women are absolutely clear about their choice.
Some women are afraid of seeming needy or weak if they ask for help.
Some women are allergic to certain kinds of medicines used in leucorrhea.
Some women are allergic to sperm and develop antibodies to fight it.
Some women are allergic to the chemicals in cosmetics.
Some women are allergic to the latex in condoms or to the spermicides contained in some condoms.
Some women are also allergic to the formalin in nail polish.
Some women are among the listings.
Some women are anxious at the time of insemination.
Some women are assholes.
Some women are at a greater risk of developing breast cancer than others.
Some women are at a higher risk for developing abnormal cervical changes.
Some women are at a higher risk of developing breast cancer than others.
Some women are at a higher statistical risk for benign breast changes.
Some women are at greater risk for preterm labor than others.
Some women are at greater risk of osteoporosis than others.
Some women are at greater risk than others because of genetic and lifestyle factors.
Some women are at higher risk for cervical cancer than others.
Some women are at higher risk for the spread or return of breast cancer.
Some women are at higher risk than others for having a baby with a birth defect.
Some women are at higher risk than others for osteoporosis.
Some women are at higher risk.
Some women are at increased risk for developing cervical changes.
Some women are at increased risk for having a fetus with a neural tube defect.
Some women are at increased risk of gestational diabetes.
Some women are at much higher risk of prematurely delivering an infant than others.
Some women are beat to death.
Some women are beautiful people.
Some women are better drivers than some men and some are worse.
Some women are bitches and do suck.
Some women are bitches,whatever race.
Some women are bitches.
Some women are born without a hymen .
Some women are born without a hymen.
Some women are capable of multiple orgasms.
Some women are capable of reaching orgasm without actually touching their bodies.
Some women are comfortable with a sexier image and others concentrate on the music.
Some women are comfortable without a prosthesis or reconstruction.
Some women are concerned about being asked to take part in a clinical trial.
Some women are concerned about hazards from the chemical used to bleach many disposable pads.
Some women are concerned about radiation exposure.
Some women are concerned about tests that use radiation during pregnancy.
Some women are concerned about the health of the baby's father.
Some women are concerned about the risks of mammograms.
Some women are concerned about using saunas, hot tubs and spas during pregnancy.
Some women are confused about what rape really is.
Some women are culpable in the deterioration of family relationships.
Some women are detained simply at the whim of their parents.
Some women are diagnosed with cancer.
Some women are difficult to convince.
Some women are doctors.
Some women are eager to have sex again.
Some women are especially thin on top, very similar to male pattern baldness.
Some women are fanatical about their appearance.
Some women are fortunate and have only mild or moderate discomfort for a few weeks.
Some women are good at it - talented chefs, decorators, seamstresses and builders.
Some women are good with machines.
Some women are good with other people.
Some women are great that way.
Some women are habitual aborters.
Some women are hypersusceptible to UTIs.
Some women are immediately upset following an abortion.
Some women are immodest in a dress because they're so used to pants.
Some women are impossible to please.
Some women are in fact, stronger than some men.
Some women are in such critical situations that urgent processing is required.
Some women are indeed strong.
Some women are into that, too.
Some women are just afraid of everything.
Some women are just as beautiful from the back.
Some women are just as reluctant as men to ask for help.
Some women are just so hard to please.
Some women are killed by lions.
Some women are killed by pickups.
Some women are lesbians, others love men.
Some women are lucky and can have it controlled with mild doses of high blood pressure medication.
Some women are masochistic.
Some women are maternal.
Some women are more at risk for developing gestational diabetes than others are.
Some women are more evolved than other women.
Some women are more likely to develop breast cancer than others.
Some women are more likely to get breast cancer than others.
Some women are more likely to have breast cancer than others.
Some women are more likely to have problems with urine control.
Some women are more moody than others.
Some women are more salt-sensitive before their periods.
Some women are more sensitive than others to things they ingest.
Some women are more sensitive to blood sugar during the luteal phase.
Some women are more sensitive to the hormone changes of pregnancy than others.
Some women are more susceptible than others to disturbance of the vaginal environment.
Some women are more susceptible to developing postpartum depression than others.
Some women are more susceptible to osteoporosis than others.
Some women are naked from the waist up or wear only a bra.
Some women are never free from the possibility of conception from puberty to the menopause.
Some women are only able to attain orgasm through the use of an electric vibrator.
Some women are particularly concerned about infection.
Some women are prescribed medication that contains only estrogen.
Some women are prevented from leaving because they have nowhere to go.
Some women are prone to develop frequent bladder infections with the diaphragm .
Some women are prone to fibrocystic, or lumpy, breasts.
Some women are real artists when it comes to decorating kraslice.
Some women are really fertile though and can get pg anytime of the month.
Some women are reluctant or fearful to examine their own breasts.
Some women are roaming the street to sell jamu, is a common view across the country.
Some women are rushed to hospitals.
Some women are satisfied with having smaller breasts that are well-formed.
Some women are scared to even touch information related to the disease.
Some women are sensitive to season and fertility increases around the time of their birthdays.
Some women are sensitive to the plastics in breast shells, nipple shields, and pump flanges.
Some women are sentenced to death penalties.
Some women are sentenced to death.
Some women are sentenced to penalties.
Some women are sentenced to prisons.
Some women are simply in denial and ashamed.
Some women are simply never regular.
Some women are simply unaware that their drug and alcohol use can hurt their unborn baby.
Some women are single parents now because they married a flash guy.
Some women are single with no children pursuing educational or career goals.
Some women are sneaky.
Some women are so afraid of radiation that they want to have an abortion after a single x-ray.
Some women are so beautiful, they deserve a paragraph of their own.
Some women are so embittered as to no longer care.
Some women are so sensitive to the hormones that they feel sick right away.
Some women are struck by cars.
Some women are struck by pickup trucks.
Some women are struck by trucks.
Some women are subject to recurrent urinary tract infection.
Some women are terrified of finding or being told something is there.
Some women are the bad guys.
Some women are too excited, anxious or worried about becoming mothers to sleep well.
Some women are totally comfortable breastfeeding in public , while others feel self-conscious.
Some women are truly amazing.
Some women are unable to breast feed well.
Some women are unable to change their lifestyles to accommodate the schedule of breast feeding.
Some women are unable to conceive and strongly desire to have children.
Some women are unable to get paid leave or if it is available, the workplace frowns on such leaves.
Some women are uncomfortable discussing family or sexual matters with a physician.
Some women are uncomfortable in the fighter role.
Some women are uncomfortable with irregular bleeding or no bleeding.
Some women are under a yoke of slavery to a diet or a method of staying thin.
Some women are under the mistaken impression that only porn stars shave their pubic area.
Some women are unhappy with the small size of their breasts.
Some women are unlucky enough to have both.
Some women are unwilling to take responsibility for their own safety.
Some women are upset, even outraged, if they find their partners masturbating.
Some women are very anxious to receive pain medication.
Some women are very aware of when they ovulate.
Some women are very involved in fitness activities.
Some women are very prudish and sensitive.
Some women are very sensitive to stress.
Some women are very worried and stressful at the prospect of giving birth.
Some women are victims.
Some women are wild by nature, others discover their wildness by going into nature.
Some women are willing and able to travel long distances for specialist care.
Some women are without morality, but only a woman can be independently moral.
Some women arrive at camps.
Some women ask about arm hair.
Some women ask about the life of a firefighter.
Some women ask for snakes, butterflies or Pharaonic designs.
Some women ask for the world.
Some women ask guests.
Some women ask or demand that their husbands do foolish things.
Some women assume pregnancy.
Some women assume that when they feel worn down, they have iron-poor blood.
Some women assume they have started their period when in fact they are pregnant.
Some women attach a strip of monkey fur or chicken feathers.
Some women attack police.
Some women attend clinics.
Some women avoid alcohol.
Some women avoid areas.
Some women avoid burdocks.
Some women avoid consume raw shellfishes.
Some women avoid consume shellfishes.
Some women avoid contact.
Some women avoid food.
Some women avoid genetic testing for breast and ovarian cancer for fear of discrimination.
Some women avoid herbs.
Some women avoid meat.
Some women avoid public places because of harassment.
Some women avoid raw meat.
Some women avoid raw shellfishes.
Some women avoid sexual contact since rejection has a negative impact on their self-image.
Some women avoid shellfishes.
Some women barely make any noise during sex, and others scream their head off.
Some women become divers.
Some women become dry when anxious or under stress.
Some women become fools.
Some women become frustrated with the unyielding demands of the workplace.
Some women become leaders.
Some women become men.
Some women become mothers of daughters.
Some women become mothers.
Some women become pregnant immediately upon trying, others take months, even years.
Some women become pregnant quickly, while others take longer.
Some women become pregnant unintentionally because of a lack of sex education.
Some women become pregnant with one insemination.
Some women become promiscuous and act out of character.
Some women become prostitutes because they have no other choice .
Some women become queens.
Some women become sad and cry easily.
Some women become self-conscious around their partners, others find the changes less significant.
Some women become sensitized without evidence of any placental damage.
Some women become slaves.
Some women become strategies.
Some women become suicidal.
Some women become twins.
Some women become weak in the knees, dizzy and have to sit down.
Some women become widows.
Some women begin lunch.
Some women believe another myth they are helpless victims .
Some women believe cranberry juice is especially helpful.
Some women believe power is the best preventive measure.
Some women believe that modern medicine is a conspiracy to subjugate women.
Some women believe that their episodes are triggered by sexual intercourse.
Some women believe they're a man trapped in a woman's body, and go through gender identity crises.
Some women belong to two branches.
Some women benefit from exercise, some from rest.
Some women benefit from small doses of male hormones in addition to the estrogen and progesterone.
Some women blame themselves for what has happened or feel shameful about being an assault victim.
Some women bleed off and on for up to three weeks and other women never have any bleeding at all.
Some women blow their hair straight every day.
Some women break barriers.
Some women breeze through nine months of pregnancy feeling great.
Some women bring a clothing item from the baby to work.
Some women bring fruit.
Some women bring meals.
Some women bring needlepoint or knitting.
Some women bring pot luck meals.
Some women buy animals.
Some women buy boxes.
Some women buy cats.
Some women buy cattle.
Some women buy chickens.
Some women buy dogs.
Some women buy fish.
Some women buy goats.
Some women buy horses.
Some women buy pigs.
Some women buy rabbits.
Some women buy snails.
Some women buy squirrels.
Some women buy, or at least feel sufficiently powerless to go along.
Some women buy.
Some women can achieve breast orgasms .
Some women can achieve breast orgasms.
Some women can avoid daily high blood pressure medications but quit on alcohol.
Some women can be completely gay.
Some women can be short with an average proportion or tall with a petite proportion.
Some women can be the sweetest creatures on the earth.
Some women can develop the technique of achieving ejaculation.
Some women can ejaculate great quantities at orgasm.
Some women can even prolong their remission from migraines by breast-feeding their newborns.
Some women can even reach orgasm just by having their feet massaged.
Some women can expect one last cup size increase immediately postpartum.
Some women can get benefits with treatment limited to the two weeks before menses.
Some women can get pregnant simply standing downwind from a guy.
Some women can get unbilical hernias during pregnancy.
Some women can have a separate condition called endometriosis.
Some women can have an orgasm if there's more of a grinding movement, for instance.
Some women can have special feelings preceding the ovulation.
Some women can hold a pencil underneath their breasts because of their sag.
Some women can hold even more alcohol than the men.
Some women can keep it down when they are throwing up everything else.
Some women can never find one.
Some women can only take a very small dose of estrogen.
Some women can reach orgasm without genital stimulation.
Some women can really appreciate hairy men.
Some women can relate all too well.
Some women can spur their body to produce milk just by stimulating their own breasts.
Some women can take turns helping each other during vulnerable times.
Some women can talk quite glibly about the issue.
Some women can tell the day of their ovulation.
Some women can tell when they are ovulating.
Some women can tell when they ovulate.
Some women can use biofeedback to learn to control the pelvic muscles.
Some women can work up until just before the birth of the baby, even in high stress, demanding jobs.
Some women carry a defective gene for haemophilia.
Some women carry aggressive weapons like guns, swords and axes.
Some women carry around excess baggage, they're part of the walking wounded clan .
Some women carry boys.
Some women carry buckets.
Some women carry containers.
Some women carry crackers in their purse in case they start to feel sick.
Some women carry diseases.
Some women carry disorder.
Some women carry guns.
Some women carry large containers.
Some women carry large wooden containers.
Some women carry load.
Some women carry recessive disorder.
Some women carry safety items such as whistles, mace spray, and knuckle rings on their key chains.
Some women carry twins.
Some women carry wooden containers.
Some women certainly do get some bad men.
Some women certainly feel that being objectified in any way is demeaning.
Some women change rooms.
Some women choose a one-step procedure.
Some women choose abortion because they have no place to live.
Some women choose diets.
Some women choose drug-free options.
Some women choose music, or reading, or a warm bath to relax.
Some women choose snacks.
Some women choose to be sterilised to prevent the risk of pregnancy.
Some women choose to bleach their hair, especially that on their arms and other very visible places.
Some women choose to continue living where they are during their pregnancy.
Some women choose to continue with the pregnancy.
Some women choose to delay reconstruction until after they finish breast cancer treatment.
Some women choose to get out of the tub just prior to the birth.
Some women choose to have a midwife to help with pregnancy and delivery.
Some women choose to have an abortion because they become pregnant after rape or incest.
Some women choose to have breast reconstruction using implants.
Some women choose to have medical backup made available ahead of time in case there is a problem.
Some women choose to return to their careers after having children.
Some women choose to wait until they are no longer nursing to resume drug use.
Some women choose to wear a handmade dress or their mother's wedding dress.
Some women cite previous bad experiences with physicians when the issue of abuse was raised.
Some women cite the inconvenience and discomfort of having menstrual periods again.
Some women claim that artificial nails feel like an unnatural extension of their bodies.
Some women claim that they can tell when they're ovulating.
Some women claim that they feel sensations from the cervix and the womb itself during orgasm.
Some women claim they are victims of outright discrimination.
Some women claim to get more respect when acting as a man and vice versa for men acting as women.
Some women collect fish.
Some women collect horses.
Some women collect overnight urine samples.
Some women collect samples.
Some women collect urine samples.
Some women come as indentured servants and some as mail-order brides.
Some women come from families that have a tendency to run out of eggs earlier than others.
Some women come here to go swimming, some kids go fishing or play around.
Some women come into offices.
Some women come to castles.
Some women come to clinics.
Some women come to gyms.
Some women come to marriages.
Some women come up with their own themes and decorations.
Some women commit suicide.
Some women compare it to menstrual cramps.
Some women compensate in their professional lives, by spending more time on tasks.
Some women complain of a numbness or tingling feeling.
Some women complain of abdominal pain.
Some women complain of difficulty remembering things, a diminished short-term memory.
Some women complain of fatigue during the treatment.
Some women complain of hunger.
Some women complain of lower abdominal pain.
Some women complain of messiness or leakage.
Some women complain of pain during intercourse.
Some women complain of pain under their ribs and in their lower abdomen when their baby moves.
Some women complain of pain.
Some women complain of pelvic heaviness, or lots of discharge.
Some women complain of post-partum backache following an epidural.
Some women complain of serious medical problems after having their tubes tied.
Some women complain of soreness in the area of the injection for a couple of days afterwards.
Some women complain of stuffiness in their nose or frequent nosebleeds during pregnancy.
Some women complain of vaginal dryness.
Some women complain that the sheath moves, or is noisy or uncomfortable.
Some women complain that they are more sensitive and some men are turned off for obvious reasons.
Some women complain that they have difficulty equalizing their ears and sinuses when menstruating.
Some women complete dietary questionnaires.
Some women complete questionnaires.
Some women compromise and marry men just to keep up a lifestyle.
Some women conduct experiments.
Some women consider a mate's taste for pornography a form of infidelity or betrayal.
Some women consider anyone as brother or son for the sake of making a journey.
Some women consider delicacies.
Some women consider such forms of violence as a male prerogative or their own destiny.
Some women consult with physicians.
Some women consume alcohol.
Some women consume marijuana.
Some women consume potassium.
Some women consume soy.
Some women contend with painful or irregular menstrual periods.
Some women continue to be interested in repopulating the planet.
Some women continue to feel depressed at times for no special reason.
Some women continue to have irregular menses throughout their lives.
Some women continue to have irregular periods into adulthood, though.
Some women continue to have some bleeding, but it's usually much lighter.
Some women contribute to defects.
Some women contribute to development.
Some women contribute to science.
Some women contribute to success.
Some women control trials.
Some women couldn t get enough of the pink wine, while others loved the blue.
Some women crave foods like milk, poultry, meats, fruits and vegetables.
Some women crave non-food items such as starch, dirt, or clay when they are pregnant.
Some women crave non-food items, such as clay, dirt, or starch when they are pregnant.
Some women crave pickle.
Some women create a dual purpose garment - a skirt with two bodices.
Some women create sources.
Some women cry sales at their husband's sales, but most have their own businesses.
Some women cut and burn themselves, some starve themselves as a form of self-punishment.
Some women deal with children.
Some women deal with conflict.
Some women deal with the difficulties by starting their own high-tech companies.
Some women decide that the only way is to disappear, and then start over as someone else.
Some women dedicate life.
Some women deliver babies.
Some women deliver healthy babies.
Some women deny that they look at the physical attractiveness of men.
Some women describe asthma as feeling like they're trying to breathe through a straw.
Some women describe incidents.
Some women describe menopause as 'change of life' or 'the change'.
Some women describe orgasms without contractions.
Some women describe palpitations or feel their heart beating very fast or hard and feel anxious.
Some women describe such incidents.
Some women describe the feeling as a cool burning sensation.
Some women describe the feeling as an increase in pressure.
Some women describe their symptoms as feeling about four months pregnant.
Some women desire a slight increase in fullness while others wish very large sizes.
Some women desire breast reconstruction.
Some women develop a pattern of frequent recurrences, occasionally as often as every month.
Some women develop a postherpetic syndrome.
Some women develop a reaction to the spermicide or material in the product.
Some women develop a single fibroid, while others develop numerous fibroids.
Some women develop an infection around an implant.
Some women develop an infection called mastitis - painful, inflamed breasts.
Some women develop bacterial vaginosis soon after intercourse with a new partner.
Some women develop bladder infections repeatedly.
Some women develop cancer.
Some women develop chronic pelvic pain.
Some women develop diabetes during pregnancy.
Some women develop diabetes only during pregnancy, called gestational diabetes.
Some women develop drug and alcohol problems.
Some women develop drug or alcohol dependencies as a way of coping with past abuse.
Some women develop enlargements of uterine tissue called fibroids.
Some women develop excessive numbers of spider angiomas.
Some women develop hives, wheezing and shortness of breath.
Some women develop knee discomfort as ligaments loosen.
Some women develop less common types of cysts that in rare cases can become cancerous.
Some women develop lips.
Some women develop nausea towards the end of pregnancy.
Some women develop new fears after being raped.
Some women develop pregnancy-related diabetes called gestational diabetes.
Some women develop skin tags during pregnancy.
Some women develop swell lips.
Some women develop symphysis-pubis pain, especially.
Some women develop symptoms.
Some women develop the problem after giving birth.
Some women develop tumors.
Some women diagnose with diseases.
Some women die after crash diets.
Some women die after diets.
Some women die after drink tea.
Some women die after soda.
Some women die after soup.
Some women die after tea.
Some women die at hospitals.
Some women die from breast cancer even if their cancers are small when detected by mammography.
Some women die from cancer.
Some women die from diseases.
Some women die from injuries.
Some women die from lung cancer.
Some women die from poison.
Some women die in accidents.
Some women die in auto accidents.
Some women die in chairs.
Some women die in childbirth.
Some women die in electric chairs.
Some women die in hospitals.
Some women die in jails.
Some women die of alcohol poison.
Some women die of apparent heart attacks.
Some women die of attacks.
Some women die of brain damage.
Some women die of damage.
Some women die of heart attacks.
Some women die of poison.
Some women die of starvation.
Some women die.
Some women directly market the men's catch from handcarts in town.
Some women disagree.
Some women discover adverse circumstances.
Some women discover circumstances.
Some women discover it has happened only after becoming pregnant.
Some women discover worms.
Some women dislike applying foam, and some complain of messiness and leakage.
Some women dislike IUDs because occasionally they experience heavy bleeding.
Some women dislike the terms lady doctor , lady teacher , etc.
Some women display grace.
Some women do a lot better after iv fluids.
Some women do all kinds of contests.
Some women do better with lighter meals and taken more frequently.
Some women do bleed for up to six weeks following a miscarriage.
Some women do cereal diets.
Some women do choose adoption, but many more choose single parenthood.
Some women do choose to go into prostitution to have a better life.
Some women do choose to retain their former name for professional use.
Some women do crave harmful things like kerosene, clay, starch, ice or nail polish.
Some women do develop symptoms.
Some women do diets.
Some women do experience diarrhea with met.
Some women do experience discomfort during the procedure, while most report no discomfort.
Some women do experience some discomfort during the procedure, but usually only for a short period.
Some women do experience some side effects as a result of using the birth control pill.
Some women do fantasize about being the woman in the ad.
Some women do find that seizures seem to occur just before their period or during it.
Some women do find that when they stop, it can take some time to conceive.
Some women do get some minor abdominal discomfort in pregnancy.
Some women do get very thirsty, especially as they start to feed.
Some women do have early menopause.
Some women do it because they feel they are too busy to breastfeed.
Some women do it everyday, some once a week and some only occasionally.
Some women do just that - Others choose adoption.
Some women do live licentious lives.
Some women do lose interest in sex then.
Some women do no't produce a lot of egg-white type cervical fluid.
Some women do notice a slight decrease in milk supply while taking antihistimines.
Some women do receive a portion of paid maternity leave.
Some women do refuse to be screened for religious, ethical or moral reasons.
Some women do so.
Some women do soak the sheets, while others lubricate much more moderately.
Some women do take their own lives.
Some women do the next part of the exam in the shower.
Some women do well to have a few saltine crackers or pretzels at the bedside to eat before arising.
Some women do well with home IV therapy.
Some women do.
Some women don t know when they got it good.
Some women don' t like to have sex while menstruating, others do.
Some women doubt their abilities despite objective evidence of their abilities.
Some women dread it's onset, while others look forward to it.
Some women dread reaching menopause while others look forward to it.
Some women dread reaching menopause, while others look forward to it.
Some women dread the thought of gaining weight.
Some women dress for men .
Some women drink beer at the gangsters' house.
Some women drink green tea.
Some women drink levels.
Some women drink tea.
Some women drink wine.
Some women dye their hair, hands, and feet with henna.
Some women eagerly take up the possibility while others refuse to go through additional surgery.
Some women earn much more than many men.
Some women eat acid.
Some women eat apples.
Some women eat cantaloupe.
Some women eat dairies.
Some women eat dry cereal or plain crackers before getting out of bed.
Some women eat far more than that, others barely notice an appetite change.
Some women eat mammals.
Some women eat peanuts.
Some women eat raw spinach.
Some women eat soy.
Some women eat spinach.
Some women ejaculate consistently, while others only ejaculate occasionally.
Some women elect to go natural, no reconstruction and no prosthesis.
Some women elect to have their fat recycled through lipoaugmentation.
Some women emerge from showers.
Some women enjoy furry handcuffs.
Some women enjoy pumping so much they continue till their children are two or more.
Some women enjoy sex during the entire pregnancy, though they are a minority.
Some women enter convents.
Some women enter fields.
Some women enter forces.
Some women enter labor forces.
Some women enter sexual unions.
Some women enter unions.
Some women enter work forces.
Some women equate larger breasts with, er, larger self-confidence.
Some women establish calendars.
Some women establish lunar calendars.
Some women establish size.
Some women even add inches to their rib cage as a result of increased lung size.
Some women even become infertile.
Some women even believe it affects their chance to snare mates and bear children.
Some women even claim to be able to pinpoint the exact moment of conception.
Some women even develop insomnia .
Some women even develop insomnia.
Some women even dry their breasts briefly with a hand-held dryer on a low setting.
Some women even enjoy one night stands.
Some women even experience a little discharge from their nipples.
Some women even experience their first orgasms during pregnancy.
Some women even go back to work the same day.
Some women even have to pay in foreign currency.
Some women even lie down.
Some women even lose their lives.
Some women even lose weight if nausea and vomiting persists.
Some women even manage to parlay their Playmate status into high-paying acting and modeling careers.
Some women even pay with their lives when they move to the border to find work.
Some women even produce milk.
Some women even report feeling suicidal.
Some women even report that they are most deeply moved when the erotic element is absent.
Some women even use pills intended for fattening camels and cattle.
Some women eventually decide to be exclusively lesbian or exclusively heterosexual.
Some women exercise for muscle strength.
Some women exhibit cortisol excretion.
Some women exhibit deliveries.
Some women exhibit depressions.
Some women exhibit excretion.
Some women exhibit improvement.
Some women exhibit virilization .
Some women expect twins.
Some women experience a constant and unchanging level of pain for years.
Some women experience a decrease in sexual desire during perimenopause or after menopause.
Some women experience a few days of spotting before, during or after the period occurs.
Some women experience a labor of three to five days.
Some women experience a lack of clear thinking during menopause.
Some women experience a lingering soreness, most likely due to some bruising of the breast tissue.
Some women experience a rise in their blood glucose level during pregnancy.
Some women experience a sense of fullness of the abdomen and morning sickness.
Some women experience a slight twinge in their lower right or left abdomen when they ovulate.
Some women experience a small amount of discomfort with the compression.
Some women experience a sudden loss of hair.
Some women experience abnormal menstrual periods during interferon therapy.
Some women experience abortion as painful.
Some women experience adverse side effects such as weight gain or depression.
Some women experience an absence of menstrual bleeding after one year.
Some women experience an early return to fertility despite exclusive breastfeeding.
Some women experience an increase in appetite when on the Pill.
Some women experience arthritic symptoms around the time of menopause.
Some women experience back labor.
Some women experience breast tenderness, as well.
Some women experience dental problems during their pregnancy.
Some women experience depression after having an abortion.
Some women experience depression similar to postpartum depression after an abortion.
Some women experience difficulty in expressing and receiving affection.
Some women experience emotional distress following a termination of pregnancy procedure.
Some women experience excessive bleeding or ususually short cycles.
Some women experience extensive swelling in their breasts during pregnancy.
Some women experience heart palpitations.
Some women experience heartburn during various times of the pregnancy.
Some women experience heavier bleeding and cramping.
Some women experience hot flashes and vaginal dryness while taking tamoxifen.
Some women experience hot flashes.
Some women experience hot flushes, palpitations, dizziness, and gastrointestinal upset.
Some women experience intense anxiety attacks during menopausal hot flashes.
Some women experience irregular menstrual cycles.
Some women experience it immediately after childbirth.
Some women experience little, if any side effects, while others have significant side effects.
Some women experience loose bowel movements just prior to labor.
Some women experience many symptoms, while other women experience only a few or none at all.
Some women experience menstrual-like cramping during an abortion and for up to an hour afterward.
Some women experience mild breakthrough bleeding when they start taking birth-control pills.
Some women experience minor headaches, nausea, weight gain, depression, and cramping.
Some women experience mixed incontinence, which is a combination of stress and urge incontinence.
Some women experience more anxiety and depression than usual during pregnancy.
Some women experience more severe symptoms than others do.
Some women experience multiple orgasms frequently.
Some women experience nasal congestion during pregnancy and just before their menstrual period.
Some women experience nausea and vomiting for a day or so when using ECPs.
Some women experience nausea and vomiting.
Some women experience no bleeding, which is also normal.
Some women experience no immediate side effects from birth control devices.
Some women experience no lymphedema at all.
Some women experience no symptoms from the disease.
Some women experience no symptoms.
Some women experience only mild symptoms or none at all.
Some women experience only the cessation of the menses without any other discomfort.
Some women experience predominantly gastrointestinal symptoms, such as constipation and bloating.
Some women experience premature ovarian failure in their twenties or thirties.
Some women experience preterm contractions throughout their pregnancy.
Some women experience psychological effects.
Some women experience psychological side effects.
Some women experience puffiness and breast tenderness with estrogen therapy.
Some women experience recurrent miscarriage.
Some women experience relief, some women hallucinate.
Some women experience repeated cases of bacterial vaginosis.
Some women experience RLS during pregnancy, especially in the last months.
Some women experience RLS during pregnancy, especially in the last trimester.
Some women experience severe abdominal pain and dizziness.
Some women experience severe effects.
Some women experience severe side effects.
Some women experience sexual orgasm, though oddly men never do.
Some women experience sexual violence.
Some women experience sharp pains or deep aching.
Some women experience shoulder pain after the hysterosalpinogram as well.
Some women experience shoulder pain for a day or so.
Some women experience slight cramping when they ovulate.
Some women experience slight discomfort, but the compression only lasts a few seconds.
Some women experience some abdominal pain.
Some women experience some difficulties with their menstruation.
Some women experience vaginal dryness or discharge.
Some women experience vaginal dryness while using the sponge.
Some women experience vaginal dryness.
Some women experience vaginal itching just prior to their menstrual flow.
Some women experience very painful intercourse as a result.
Some women experience vocal paralysis.
Some women exploit the discrimination to their own advantage.
Some women express immediately after a breastfeed.
Some women express more milk early in the day and less milk toward the end of the day.
Some women express their feelings, other women try to control their expression.
Some women extend their maternity leaves by taking additional weeks of unpaid leave.
Some women face a greater risk of rape than others, though every woman faces some risk.
Some women face charge.
Some women face murder charge.
Some women fail to see the messages they give men by the way they dress.
Some women fall from windows.
Some women fall on backs.
Some women fall to death.
Some women fall to floors.
Some women fear offending others if they breastfeed in public places.
Some women fear pregnancy and childbirth.
SOme women fear such things as unisex bathrooms.
Some women fear that the diagnosis of cancer means death.
Some women feed camels.
Some women feed chickens.
Some women feed cows.
Some women feed dolphins.
Some women feed goats.
Some women feed mammals.
Some women feed parrots.
Some women feed pigs.
Some women feed rabbits.
Some women feed squirrels.
Some women feel a bit depressed, and have topsy turvy emotions for a couple of weeks.
Some women feel a cramping or stinging sensation as the anesthetic is administered.
Some women feel a little discomfort during or after mammography.
Some women feel a little discomfort, but most report none.
Some women feel a little embarassed.
Some women feel a period coming days before they get it.
Some women feel a slight cramping sensation when their cervix is touched.
Some women feel a slight cramping when the cells are being gathered.
Some women feel a slight cramping when their cervix is touched.
Some women feel a slight stinging sensation caused by the vinegar solution.
Some women feel abuse is the poorer part of their vow for richer or poorer.
Some women feel an increased desire for sex while menstruating.
Some women feel anger, fear, denial, frustration, loss of control, confusion, or grief.
Some women feel angry at themselves, or at pregnant women or women with small children.
Some women feel anxious, distressed and teary before, during and after treatment.
Some women feel as if they have a cold throughout the whole nine months.
Some women feel better and more empowered, by getting a copy of their records.
Some women feel better and others feel worse after menopause.
Some women feel better when they wear a fresh citrus or fruity scent.
Some women feel changed or feel they have suffered a loss.
Some women feel cleaner if they douche after their period ends.
Some women feel comfortable sharing health information with their employers right away.
Some women feel current situations.
Some women feel depressed or get ulcers, headaches or nausea because of the harassment.
Some women feel depressed or get ulcers, headaches, or nausea because of the harassment.
Some women feel discomfort and a few feel pain.
Some women feel distressed, anxious or depressed before, during and after treatment.
Some women feel distressed, anxious or depressed before, during or after treatment.
Some women feel freer because they are less concerned about getting pregnant and can relax more.
Some women feel great by the second trimester find that they have an insatiable appetite for sex.
Some women feel ill during the first trimester and some feel ill throughout the entire pregnancy.
Some women feel insulted and angry at the loss of control they experience during a kidnapping.
Some women feel irritable and tired due to a lack of sleep and rest.
Some women feel it is a more private option.
Some women feel it's just something they have to accept.
Some women feel less intimidated with a woman trainer.
Some women feel less willing to speak up.
Some women feel like boys.
Some women feel like they're in shock, or depressed and guilty.
Some women feel lonely or isolated as well.
Some women feel many physical and emotional changes, others feel no symptoms at all.
Some women feel men.
Some women feel mild cramping during or after the procedure.
Some women feel minor changes, others get real ornery.
Some women feel moody, anxious or depressed for several days before their period.
Some women feel more comfortable wearing a nursing bra at night as well.
Some women feel only abdominal contractions or only a backache.
Some women feel overwhelmed or numb.
Some women feel pain at the opening of the female organ.
Some women feel pain at the vulva or opening of the vagina.
Some women feel pain just in their jaw or no pain at all.
Some women feel particularly anxious when doing the breast self-examination.
Some women feel people.
Some women feel really disconnected with their bodies.
Some women feel rights.
Some women feel safe and protected in a group home.
Some women feel shame and guilt for simply feeling angry.
Some women feel sick in the early weeks of motherhood.
Some women feel sick or nauseous.
Some women feel sick to their stomach and note some spotting of blood from the vagina.
Some women feel situations.
Some women feel slight discomfort during mammography.
Some women feel some discomfort for a little while.
Some women feel strongly about how and where their money is invested.
Some women feel strongly about wanting their children also carrying their name.
Some women feel such deep despair following an abduction that they attempt to take their own lives.
Some women feel that a woman's career can take a backseat to a man's in certain situations.
Some women feel that birth defect test results are irrelevant.
Some women feel that it improves memory and concentration.
Some women feel that their minds are clouded when they are given narcotics.
Some women feel that they are forced to stare intently at the ground when they walk down the street.
Some women feel that they do everything.
Some women feel the decision to terminate a pregnancy is a good, moral decision.
Some women feel the pain and stiffness in the neck rather than the lower back.
Some women feel their babies more easily than others.
Some women feel their breast size is too small.
Some women feel they are exploited by 'a pimp'.
Some women feel they have less breast pain when they decrease the amount of caffeine they consume.
Some women feel they look better in pantsuits than in skirted suits.
Some women feel tightening or contractions of the uterus.
Some women feel tiny twinges on one side of their belly or the other.
Some women feel tired or sick after the procedure so it's advisable to plan to rest afterwards.
Some women feel tired, have cramps, or feel a bit nauseated or dizzy.
Some women feel too ashamed to share their feelings with others, even their spouse or partner.
Some women feel uncomfortable touching their own breasts.
Some women feel uneasy about the assertiveness required to run a successful business.
Some women feel very isolated and alone.
Some women feel violated on every level - physical, mental, emotional and spiritual.
Some women feel weak, tired or depressed.
Some women feel weak, tired, or depressed for a while.
Some women feel wounded by anti- father bias in more ways than one.
Some women feel wounded by anti-father bias in more ways than one.
Some women fight succession.
Some women fight with their in-laws.
Some women figure out that certain jobs can provide access.
Some women find a non-surgical abortion easier both emotionally and physically.
Some women find a pillow on each side and one under the knees help.
Some women find asthma is affected by their menstural cycle, during pregnancy, or at the menopause.
Some women find asthma more of a problem at certain points of the menstrual cycle.
Some women find baldness.
Some women find breasts.
Some women find Calendula oil particularly effective and soothing for perineal massage.
Some women find charting difficult.
Some women find comfort with an ice pack, while others swear by the heating pad and sitz bath.
Some women find compression slightly uncomfortable and some feel short-lived pain.
Some women find creams soothing for sore and cracked nipples.
Some women find cunnilingus to be the most satisfying sexual act.
Some women find daily iron requirements.
Some women find decease employees.
Some women find employees.
Some women find exercise and stress reduction techniques beneficial.
Some women find faith.
Some women find fitnesses.
Some women find gardens.
Some women find gynecological exams to be unpleasant, uncomfortable or anxiety producing.
Some women find having the test to be reassuring.
Some women find help from many different substances.
Some women find ideas.
Some women find it causes depression.
Some women find it difficult to be away from their family and friends during treatment.
Some women find it difficult to orgasm while under the influence of a drug.
Some women find it difficult to talk to a physician about fatigue.
Some women find it easier to come for a mammogram as part of a group.
Some women find it easy to nurse their baby on one breast, while expressing on the other.
Some women find it hard to believe that any male can see things from a woman's point of view.
Some women find it hard to eat well during treatment.
Some women find it harder to stick to a diet just before their period.
Some women find it helpful to avoid or cut down on tea, coffee, nicotine and alcohol.
Some women find it helpful to discuss guardianship plans that have been made.
Some women find it helpful to join a local weight loss group or program.
Some women find it helpful to repeat the above examination steps while in the shower or bath.
Some women find it helpful to talk over any worries or anxieties with their breast care nurse.
Some women find it helpful to talk with someone else who has had breast cancer.
Some women find it helpful to watch in a mirror.
Some women find it helpful to write a script, others just want to talk.
Some women find it helps to have a glass of water at hand all day.
Some women find it less expensive than doing laundry.
Some women find it liberating, others have problems with depression or lost libido.
Some women find it something of a chore to have to go and get injected every eight or twelve weeks.
Some women find it useful when taken in the days prior to menstruation.
Some women find it's more comfortable to have their feet squarely on the ground during delivery.
Some women find libido ebbs and flows according to their menstrual cycle.
Some women find living without a breast has no impact on how they feel about their body.
Some women find one easier to use than another.
Some women find out that they have high blood pressure at their first prenatal visit.
Some women find pools.
Some women find relief by applying fresh green cabbage leaves to their breasts.
Some women find relief by having an orgasm.
Some women find relief from drinking ginger ale or ginger tea and by eating ginger snap cookies.
Some women find relief in meditation or yoga exercises.
Some women find relief using vitamin E as an oral salve.
Some women find relief with acupuncture or biofeedback.
Some women find requirements.
Some women find resting on the couch helps, while others opt for a more active walk.
Some women find satisfaction in a career outside the home.
Some women find sponges.
Some women find stimulation of the front vaginal wall , or G spot , particularly pleasurable .
Some women find stimulation of the front vaginal wall, or G spot, particularly pleasurable.
Some women find success treating symptoms with nonhormonal therapies.
Some women find symptoms.
Some women find tampons or sponges put pressure in the urethra.
Some women find that adding soy to their diets can bring relief.
Some women find that avoiding caffeine and alcohol helps prevent cramps and headaches.
Some women find that black cohosh can also help with the psychological symptoms of menopause.
Some women find that by doing the driving instead of riding, they have less of a nausea problem.
Some women find that capsaicin cream relieves the long-term pain after mastectomy.
Some women find that condescending, however.
Some women find that cutting back on caffeine and salty foods proves helpful.
Some women find that daily yogurt prevents yeast overgrowth.
Some women find that deepening their normal vocal range is well suited to a blues or soul sound.
Some women find that dietary changes help to treat and prevent yeast infections.
Some women find that eating yogurt with active cultures helps prevent yeast infections.
Some women find that evening primrose oil improves their symptoms.
Some women find that kind of thing helpful.
Some women find that low sugar, carbonated beverages help.
Some women find that migraines get better during pregnancy, others find that they get worse.
Some women find that natural yoghurt in the vagina is effective.
Some women find that nonelastic shoulder straps are best for minimizing movement.
Some women find that pads chafe their inner thighs.
Some women find that regular exercise can help reduce hot flashes.
Some women find that rubbing lanolin or vitamin E oils on their nipples is soothing.
Some women find that sitting on the toilet is most comfortable.
Some women find that stimulating that area is very pleasurable.
Some women find that their boss is disappointed, even angry, at their news.
Some women find that their breasts, if large enough, serve the same purpose.
Some women find that their menstrual cycles become irregular when they are under stress.
Some women find that their ostomy is more active because there is pressure against the intestine.
Some women find that their skin is drier and thinner after they've reached menopause.
Some women find that they are unable to breastfeed successfully.
Some women find that they break out into pimples just before the onset of their menses.
Some women find that they get hungry more often when they are pregnant than they used to.
Some women find that they have much more energy in the days before their period.
Some women find that they help.
Some women find that they put on weight.
Some women find that using bath oils, perfumed soaps or vaginal deodorants seem to cause thrush.
Some women find that warm sitz baths can help lessen the itching.
Some women find that when they are excited their clitoris becomes too sensitive to touch directly.
Some women find the bras heavy.
Some women find the breast compression uncomfortable.
Some women find the compression slightly uncomfortable.
Some women find the compression uncomfortable, but it lasts only for a few seconds.
Some women find the diaphragm unattractive.
Some women find the feel of silk against their bare skin to be erotic.
Some women find the female condom is more convenient to use than other female barrier methods.
Some women find the game too difficult.
Some women find the hands and knees position so comfortable for labor that they prefer it.
Some women find the lower dose combination pill can affect their blood glucose.
Some women find the outer ring causes discomfort during use.
Some women find the procedure to be very painful if no anesthetic is used.
Some women find the question form easier to use when describing their experience with abortion.
Some women find the test embarrassing.
Some women find their periods go on being irregular.
Some women find their stitches painful and slow to heal, and others experience much less discomfort.
Some women find themselves feeling quite calm.
Some women find themselves heading to the bathroom three or four times more often than before.
Some women find themselves pressured to use fellowships and sabbaticals as maternity leave.
Some women find themselves snapping at boyfriends or family members.
Some women find they can eat chocolate any time except just before a period.
Some women find they can have multiple clitoral orgasms with their vibrator.
Some women find they feel weepy without any definite reason.
Some women find treatment for cancer a frightening experience.
Some women find warmed soaked tea bags to be soothing to the vulva.
Some women find wearing a support bra very helpful in the last few weeks of pregnancy.
Some women find wearing attractive lingerie helps.
Some women find writing their thoughts in a journal very beneficial.
Some women finish songs and poems begun years earlier and left conclusionless until now.
Some women flee homes.
Some women follow above guidelines.
Some women follow balance diets.
Some women follow consumption.
Some women follow diets.
Some women follow guidelines.
Some women follow rabbits.
Some women gag at the mere thought of having a man's penis in their mouth.
Some women gain freedom.
Some women gain pounds.
Some women gain quite a bit in the first trimester and slow toward the end.
Some women gain rights.
Some women gain self-esteem, greater maturity and improved parenting skills.
Some women gain some weight.
Some women gain weight as a side effect of estrogen use.
Some women gain weight in their thighs, belly, or elsewhere before gaining weight in their chest.
Some women gain weight when they take the pill.
Some women gain weight while using the Pill.
Some women gain weight, some have irregular, excessive, or painful menstruation.
Some women gain weight.
Some women gasp when taken by their armpits.
Some women generate heal power.
Some women generate power.
Some women gently stimulate the nipple before using the pump.
Some women get a less typical angina.
Some women get acne when they discontinue birth control pills that have been keeping acne at bay.
Some women get breast cancer.
Some women get cancer.
Some women get clitoral orgasms, while other women get vaginal orgasms.
Some women get darkening of the skin on the face, known as the mask of pregnancy.
Some women get depressed because they miss their old way of living.
Some women get desperate and do desperate things.
Some women get diabetes for the first time when they are pregnant.
Some women get diabetes when pregnant.
Some women get diseases.
Some women get frequent yeast infections for no good reason at all.
Some women get grams.
Some women get hot flushes during the third trimester.
Some women get irons.
Some women get irregular periods without any other symptoms.
Some women get letters and find it hard to start a reply.
Some women get lumps under their arms that also fill.
Some women get nausea.
Some women get osteoporosis after menopause.
Some women get pregnant again the first time they ovulate, with no intervening menstrual periods.
Some women get pregnant because of someone else's sin.
Some women get recurrent attacks of cystitis.
Some women get relief from sour or salty foods such as lemons, pickles or olives.
Some women get well without treatment.
Some women get yeast infections in their vagina, especially when their blood glucose is high.
Some women get yeastinfections in their vagina, especially when their blood glucose is high.
Some women give aspirin.
Some women gladly embrace the commitment, others are more tentative.
Some women go for the douchebags.
Some women go from feeling hot to feeling cold.
Some women go into labor.
Some women go into prostitution to provide for their families.
Some women go into spontaneous labor.
Some women go on to have normal pregnancies and births after they change partners.
Some women go several months without a period.
Some women go through days of torturous labor.
Some women go through menopause with few or no noticeable symptoms.
Some women go through menopause with few problems.
Some women go through menopause with their diabetes, smoothly.
Some women go through menopause without any emotional changes.
Some women go through the menopause with few or no symptoms at all.
Some women go through tubal reversal surgery with very short tubes.
Some women go to doctors.
Some women go to the mosque and some stay home to prepare food .
Some women go with their grandsons.
Some women grab bombs.
Some women grow on the outside, but stop growing on the inside.
Some women grow teeth in their 'private place'.
Some women grow without ever developing a substantive sense of their womanhood.
Some women harvest baobab fruit.
Some women harvest fruit.
Some women hate horses.
Some women hate men.
Some women hate pigs.
Some women hate spiders.
Some women hate squirrels.
Some women hate the idea, others love it.
Some women have a backache, nausea or diarrhea.
Some women have a condition called vaginismus .
Some women have a condition that prevents sperm from passing through the cervical canal.
Some women have a difficult time with recovery and adjustments.
Some women have a disorder where they produce high amounts of testosterone in their adrenal gland.
Some women have a distinctive and mousy odor associated with the onset of menstruation.
Some women have a flare-up near a menstrual period.
Some women have a greater chance of getting cervical cancer than others.
Some women have a greater risk than others.
Some women have a harder time controlling their weight while on the pill.
Some women have a large amount of breast tissue, and therefore, have large breasts.
Some women have a little difficulty digesting it, complaining of constipation.
Some women have a lot of anxiety about later fertility and childbearing.
Some women have a misconception, due to cultural conditioning, that sex is for progeny only.
Some women have a more difficult time learning the device-free method than others.
Some women have a naturally low level of sexual desire.
Some women have a problem when shaving their legs and bikini lines .
Some women have a rack of shoes in their closet.
Some women have a small increase in blood pressure when they take the pill.
Some women have a tubal and have no problems from it.
Some women have a viral infection or vaginal yeast infections, but sometimes the cause is unknown.
Some women have access to electric breast pumps at their workplace.
Some women have acid.
Some women have advantage.
Some women have affairs.
Some women have albinism.
Some women have all the luck.
Some women have alternatives.
Some women have an area of numbness which lasts for several days.
Some women have an artificial breast implanted.
Some women have an aversion to the smell of fried foods or garlic.
Some women have an earlier return to pre-pregnant weight.
Some women have an inadequate milk supply.
Some women have an increase in facial hair growth.
Some women have an increase, some a decrease in seizures, and some no change at all.
Some women have an increased risk of problems during pregnancy.
Some women have anatomical variations that make standing to pee difficult.
Some women have as many as four or more per year.
Some women have bacterial vaginosis without any symptoms.
Some women have bad pains in their low abdomen when they have a miscarriage .
Some women have bad pains in their low abdomen when they have a miscarriage.
Some women have bilateral cataracts.
Some women have bleeding from the birth canal that lasts a long time.
Some women have blood pressure.
Some women have boys.
Some women have breast cancer.
Some women have calcium requirements.
Some women have cancer.
Some women have cataracts.
Some women have conditions before pregnancy that require medication for the rest of their lives.
Some women have conditions.
Some women have constipation or bloating.
Some women have culture.
Some women have cycle length.
Some women have cysts on their ovaries.
Some women have cysts.
Some women have dark circles under their eyes.
Some women have dental problems during pregnancy.
Some women have diabetes before they become pregnant.
Some women have diabetes only when they're pregnant.
Some women have diabetes.
Some women have difficulties enjoying sexual intimacy after being raped.
Some women have disks.
Some women have dryness, itching, tightening, and burning in the vagina.
Some women have dysmenorrhea, when cramps are more painful and are combined with other symptoms.
Some women have earlier menopause and some continue having menses for a longer time.
Some women have early menopause because of surgery or other treatment, illness, or other reasons.
Some women have edges.
Some women have empty sacs.
Some women have energy requirements.
Some women have enough extra fat in the abdomen to create a breast shape without an implant.
Some women have equal opportunity.
Some women have essential hypertension.
Some women have experiences similar to some men.
Some women have extractions.
Some women have eye discomfort during pregnancy or menstruation or when taking birth control pills.
Some women have eye discomfort during pregnancy, menstruation, or when taking birth control pills.
Some women have fair skin which shows the hair before it has even broken the surface.
Some women have fears of insanity, particularly if they have strong feelings of lack of control.
Some women have fetuses.
Some women have few or no sexual sensations, if their breasts are caressed.
Some women have few symptoms.
Some women have fiber.
Some women have fibroids inside the cavity of the uterus, known as submucosal fibroids.
Some women have five or more children by different men.
Some women have fluid.
Some women have foul-smelling lochia without other evidence of infection.
Some women have frequent bladder infections.
Some women have frequent, severe symptoms in the years leading up to and following menopause.
Some women have full-blown panic attacks, are afraid to leave their houses, have suicidal thoughts.
Some women have girls.
Some women have hair growth on their back.
Some women have harder, more brittle nails simply due to genetics.
Some women have have pregnancy.
Some women have headaches during their menstrual cycle and they disappear during pregnancy.
Some women have health conditions.
Some women have healthy perspective.
Some women have heavy bleeding throughout the normal menstrual period.
Some women have high blood pressure.
Some women have high pressure.
Some women have higher prostaglandin levels, therefore have more pain.
Some women have husbands.
Some women have hymens that stretch rather than tear.
Some women have hypertension.
Some women have important jobs in government and the justice system.
Some women have ineffective uterine contractions that lead to prolonged labour.
Some women have infection.
Some women have infections of such severity that they require hospitalization.
Some women have insulin resistance.
Some women have irons.
Some women have irregular periods because their bodies produce too much androgen.
Some women have irregular periods for several years before their periods stop.
Some women have irregular periods for years during menopause.
Some women have irregular periods of a different sort.
Some women have irregular, heavy or unusually painful menstrual periods.
Some women have labor pains that are concentrated in their back.
Some women have large clits and scanty hoods with tiny labia.
Some women have length.
Some women have less migraine headache pain while taking birth control pills.
Some women have lower sodium.
Some women have lumpy breasts.
Some women have lung cancer.
Some women have many benign masses in their breasts.
Some women have many bouts of thrush over a long period of time.
Some women have many children and never get so lucky.
Some women have many wrinkles, others none.
Some women have materials.
Some women have minimal discomfort, while others have moderate or even severe problems.
Some women have minor side-effects.
Some women have mixed feelings, and uncontrollable mood swings.
Some women have more bleeding or cramping with periods.
Some women have more intense feelings that affect their ability to perform daily tasks.
Some women have more lipase in their milk than others.
Some women have more than one entry.
Some women have morning sickness during their entire pregnancy, but only a small percentage do.
Some women have mutation.
Some women have narrow waists.
Some women have natural childbirth, using no pain medication.
Some women have naturally small waists.
Some women have nausea and fever.
Some women have nausea and vomiting through their entire pregnancy .
Some women have nausea, vomiting or diarrhea.
Some women have no choice.
Some women have no intention to purchase anything.
Some women have no pain or other problems.
Some women have no periods at all, which makes it hard to tell if pregnancy has occurred.
Some women have no periods.
Some women have no problems at all after an abortion, and feel only relief.
Some women have no problems at all.
Some women have no side effects.
Some women have no symptoms of oestrogen deficiency.
Some women have no symptoms or symptoms too mild to notice.
Some women have no symptoms, even with an advanced case of the disease.
Some women have no symptoms.
Some women have no unusual symptoms of menopause other than decreasing menstrual frequency.
Some women have numerous advantage.
Some women have one that's much more of a protrusion, and some have one that's deeper set.
Some women have only emotional symptoms and no physical symptoms.
Some women have only irregular periods.
Some women have opportunity.
Some women have osteoporosises.
Some women have output.
Some women have pain during sex.
Some women have pain during sexual intercourse.
Some women have pain in the low part of the abdomen when they menstruate , known as cramps .
Some women have pain in the low part of the abdomen when they menstruate, known as cramps.
Some women have people.
Some women have periods that last longer.
Some women have perspective.
Some women have physical or emotional changes that seem uncomfortable.
Some women have places.
Some women have plenty.
Some women have polycystic ovaries.
Some women have poor sensation in the lower pelvis.
Some women have pressure.
Some women have problems passing urine after having an epidural.
Some women have problems standing straight and are more comfortable in a recliner.
Some women have problems urinating after delivery.
Some women have problems with all five.
Some women have reactions to certain brands of lube.
Some women have recurrent yeast infections when using the diaphragm.
Some women have reductions.
Some women have regular attacks of migraine at the time of their periods.
Some women have relationships with both men and women throughout their lives.
Some women have relief with the next period, but most report relief only after several months.
Some women have requirements.
Some women have resistance.
Some women have retention.
Some women have sacs.
Some women have safe places.
Some women have serious conditions.
Some women have serious underlie conditions.
Some women have serious underlie health conditions.
Some women have several times the risk of others.
Some women have severe pain with their periods.
Some women have severe pain.
Some women have severe pelvic pain while others have few or no symptoms.
Some women have severe symptoms while others have only mild discomfort.
Some women have severe symptoms.
Some women have short times of heavy bleeding.
Some women have shortness of breath or indigestion.
Some women have side effects including nausea, menstrual changes, headaches and weight gain.
Some women have side effects.
Some women have small symptomless fibroids for many years.
Some women have smoothies.
Some women have so many negative images of themselves.
Some women have sodium.
Some women have some discomfort during the compression, but it only lasts a few seconds.
Some women have sons.
Some women have special risks.
Some women have sperm retention.
Some women have spinach smoothies.
Some women have spots.
Some women have strange food cravings, or eat more than usual.
Some women have success using pessaries.
Some women have success with a dab of natural oil, like sweet almond or grapeseed, after bathing.
Some women have symptoms of morning sickness within days of conception.
Some women have syndromes.
Some women have temporary fluid retention during the first month or so after starting the Pill.
Some women have the best success with hand-expression.
Some women have the false notion they can eat all they want during pregnancy.
Some women have the sensation of pressure in the lower abdomen when the fluid is withdrawn.
Some women have their first orgasm with a vibrator on or near their clitoris.
Some women have to deal with added discrimination.
Some women have to push the bulge back into the vagina in order to complete a bowel movement.
Some women have to work to support their family too.
Some women have trouble breastfeeding because of inverted nipples.
Some women have trouble getting enough of certain foods.
Some women have trouble getting pregnant, and some women have no trouble at all.
Some women have trouble identifying mucus changes.
Some women have trouble thinking or focusing.
Some women have trouble with thinking or concentration.
Some women have twins.
Some women have under developed breasts while some have too large breasts.
Some women have underlie conditions.
Some women have urinary sodium.
Some women have urine culture.
Some women have vaginal bleeding after the procedure.
Some women have vaginal burning and itching.
Some women have vaginal infection.
Some women have vaginal yeast infection.
Some women have very complex psychological problems.
Some women have very efficient labors.
Some women have very good control and can focus internally.
Some women have very little effect from their monthly menstrual cycle.
Some women have very little help around the camp.
Some women have very little trouble with their menstrual cycles, but others face a monthly ordeal.
Some women have very quiet orgasms.
Some women have very sensitive breasts, also.
Some women have waists.
Some women have wealth.
Some women have wet fluid.
Some women have yeast infection.
Some women have.
Some women hear pigs.
Some women hear skirts murmuring or sighing, or conversing with the flesh they cover.
Some women help issues.
Some women help many women.
Some women help monkeys.
Some women help women.
Some women here are scientists, some are engineers.
Some women hire people.
Some women hold it with high respect, other's just see it as something to get over while growing up.
Some women hold parties.
Some women hold power.
Some women hold their small babies in their laps during treatment.
Some women hold women.
Some women identify as actresses.
Some women identify as 'prostituted women' and some as sex workers.
Some women improve insulin resistance.
Some women improve resistance.
Some women incorporate markets.
Some women incorporate vocalizations into their meditation as well.
Some women increase alcohol consumption.
Some women increase consumption.
Some women increase intake.
Some women increase vitamin d intake.
Some women inherit a damaged gene that increases their chances of developing the disease.
Some women initiate violence because they know, or believe, that they are about to be attacked.
Some women integrate exercise and stress reduction by practicing yoga or tai chi.
Some women internalize that image.
Some women join convents.
Some women just decide which foundation format liquid, stick, compact, etc.
Some women just feel edgy or washed out for a day or two.
Some women just feel queasy and never vomit.
Some women just feel queasy in the morning, and feel fine by noontime.
Some women just feel self-conscious and have become the unwanted targets of insensitive jokes.
Some women just have all the luck.
Some women just have to live with fecal incontinence as they get older.
Some women just seem to be susceptible to infection there.
Some women just seem to lack an appreciation for fine engineering.
Some women just stop having periods.
Some women keep a record of their periods on a calendar to become more familiar with their cycle.
Some women keep bees.
Some women keep cats.
Some women keep chickens.
Some women keep cows.
Some women keep horses.
Some women keep the cervix.
Some women keep their bank accounts and careers in tact but suffer significant emotional losses.
Some women keep their husbands in hot water.
Some women kill fellow hospital patients.
Some women kill hospital patients.
Some women kill in accidents.
Some women kill in attacks.
Some women kill in car accidents.
Some women kill in ski accidents.
Some women kill men.
Some women kill patients.
Some women kiss their hand first and then touch the casket.
Some women knock on doors.
Some women know contexts.
Some women know exactly what they want and where they want to get it.
Some women know favorite food.
Some women know food.
Some women know that a firearm combined with training is a true equalizer.
Some women know when they are going to have their periods by the way their bodies feel.
Some women lace their labia together.
Some women lack access to cash or bank accounts.
Some women lack all three.
Some women lack experience.
Some women leak amniotic fluid or notice vaginal spotting.
Some women learn about dolphins.
Some women learn to orgasm through intercourse with practice.
Some women leave and go back to their abuser an average of six times.
Some women leave countries.
Some women leave families.
Some women leave own families.
Some women leave purses.
Some women let their brows grow au naturel because they hate the pain of tweezing.
Some women lick their lips.
Some women lie on an ironing board, inclined with one end on a couch and one end on the floor.
Some women like to begin taking prenatal vitamins while they are trying to get pregnant.
Some women like to bring one child at a time to a visit if they have more than one child.
Some women like to drape a blanket over their shoulders before nursing.
Some women like to drink their fluid of choice through a straw while nursing.
Some women like to guide their lovers as to the specific amount of pressure they enjoy.
Some women like to have it touched directly, when they are ready.
Some women like to kitchen sink-it with tons of bracelets on one or both wrists.
Some women like to kneel, walk around or rock backwards and forwards.
Some women like to masturbate during their periods.
Some women like to rearrange furniture.
Some women like to shop.
Some women like to try to prevent the migraine from starting in the first place.
Some women like to use lotion or powder to help their fingers glide easily over the skin.
Some women like to wash new lingerie before wearing.
Some women limit consumption.
Some women limit numbers.
Some women limit reproduction.
Some women live in camps.
Some women live in huts.
Some women live in institutions.
Some women live in little huts.
Some women live in mansions.
Some women live in small huts.
Some women look like battered wives, used rags, abused girls.
Some women look to men to fill their needs of self worth.
Some women lose a basic sense of security and feel they have no control over their own lives.
Some women lose ability.
Some women lose amounts.
Some women lose babies.
Some women lose breasts.
Some women lose careers.
Some women lose children.
Some women lose life.
Some women lose more blood than normal during their menstrual flow.
Some women lose positions.
Some women lose sensation after bearing a child.
Some women lose their desire after they have a hysterectomy.
Some women lose their mucus plugs and then their labor begins.
Some women lose weight on birth control pills, some gain and, of course, some stay the same.
Some women lose weight while using the Pill.
Some women lose weight.
Some women love animals.
Some women love bald men.
Some women love being looked after and feel safe in hospital.
Some women love being on top when it comes to sex.
Some women love being pioneers.
Some women love competing with other women for their male bosses' attention.
Some women love facial treatments.
Some women love it all so much they keep coming back.
Some women love men.
Some women love parrots.
Some women love the support and definitive shaping it provides.
Some women love ugly men.
Some women love women and some men love men.
Some women love women, and some men love men.
Some women make a connection.
Some women make a special effort to develop the talents and, in the process, become witches.
Some women make a video or audio tape for their children.
Some women make development.
Some women make jewellery.
Some women make life.
Some women make music.
Some women make some pleats on their front side of 'kambens' and hold it with a flat hairpin alike.
Some women make some pleats on their front side of kambens and hold it with a flat hairpin alike.
Some women make well-informed decisions when they choose sex work.
Some women make women.
Some women manage enterprises.
Some women manage to lead active and fulfilling lives in their later years even when living alone.
Some women marry houses.
Some women marry men.
Some women marry women.
Some women meditate.
Some women meet smiths.
Some women mingle with friends, but the crowd is mostly male.
Some women miscarry continually, never able to carry a pregnancy to term.
Some women misdirect their anger at thin women, whom they see as perpetuating the ideal.
Some women miss periods.
Some women mistakenly think of cancer as a death sentence.
Some women monitor caffeine intake.
Some women monitor intake.
Some women mourning in the distant throng can no longer control themselves.
Some women move into self-blame pointing the finger inwards.
Some women munch every two to three hours to relieve nausea.
Some women name their abuser.
Some women naturally produce less vaginal lubrication than others.
Some women never exhibit any symptoms or have any problems.
Some women never experience any symptoms.
Some women never experience dry days but always notice some slight discharge at the vulva.
Some women never get over their acne problem.
Some women never have a hot flash.
Some women never have a mentor, and some have many mentors in the course of their career.
Some women never have morning sickness and others have it all the way through.
Some women never have multiple orgasms but still enjoy sex.
Some women never know.
Some women never leak milk, while others leak a little from one breast during almost every feeding.
Some women never make it.
Some women never marry.
Some women never realize that they can feel sexy at any age.
Some women never survive a legal abortion.
Some women nonetheless continue to drink at relatively high levels while pregnant.
Some women note blood in their urine.
Some women notice a change in their appetites.
Some women notice a decrease in libido or difficulty reaching orgasm.
Some women notice a slightly increased discharge, or slight bleeding between periods or after sex.
Some women notice an immediate feeling of fullness and shape in the breasts.
Some women notice an improvement in their acne during pregnancy.
Some women notice beneficial effects after only a week.
Some women notice changes in their hair, fingernails or toenails during pregnancy.
Some women notice headaches, dizziness, breast tenderness, moodiness, nausea, or acne.
Some women notice that after the baby has nursed they still feel full in that area.
Some women notice their allergies get better during pregnancy, and symptoms improve.
Some women notice their fluids become more watery a few days before menstruation.
Some women now open doors for men and pay for first dates.
Some women object to taking Premarin tablets because of the way it is manufactured.
Some women obviously succeed, despite obstacles.
Some women occasionally feel a sharp, stabbing pain inside the vagina during late pregnancy.
Some women offer rice.
Some women only become orgasmic in their thirties or forties.
Some women only exercise classes also teach self-defense skills.
Some women only have a change as far as reduced sagging and inceased firmness.
Some women only have phantom sensation, never phantom pain.
Some women only reach the menopause in their late fifties.
Some women opt for the double contraception option of also using oral contraception or a diaphragm.
Some women opt for the safest approach of all, abstinence.
Some women opt out.
Some women opt to take hormones on a short or long term basis.
Some women outdo the man attitude worse then men.
Some women overstate their language abilities.
Some women ovulate irregularly for months or years before menopause.
Some women ovulate later or earlier in their cycle.
Some women own bees.
Some women own businesses that go bust for one reason or another.
Some women own cats.
Some women own cattle.
Some women own ducks.
Some women own fish.
Some women own goats.
Some women own parrots.
Some women own properties.
Some women own rabbits.
Some women paint their nails a red, made from balsam plant.
Some women participate in trials.
Some women particularly crave chocolate around the time of their menstrual period.
Some women pay brides.
Some women perform monthly breast self-exams to check for any changes in their breasts.
Some women perform music.
Some women photograph better straight on, and others with their head to the side.
Some women plan and prepare for an unmedicated birth and are successful in their goal.
Some women plan their activities, and their whole lives, around the location of bathrooms.
Some women play deafening rock.
Some women play songs.
Some women play tennis.
Some women possess bees.
Some women possess cats.
Some women possess dogs.
Some women possess geese.
Some women possess goats.
Some women possess hens.
Some women possess parrots.
Some women possess status.
Some women post photos.
Some women postpone mammograms indefinitely.
Some women postpone marriage or never marry.
Some women postpone Real Life or throw money at every dilemma.
Some women practice dry sex .
Some women pray wearing their full make up, including lipstick.
Some women prefer a log fire because they say it is easier to control the heat.
Some women prefer a slight tilt forward to take pressure off of the perianal area.
Some women prefer bottle-feeding or a combination of the two.
Some women prefer breast reconstruction.
Some women prefer doing activity alone, at home, or out in nature.
Some women prefer drapes firmly tied over the chest.
Some women prefer gay partners.
Some women prefer general anesthesia because they have had it before and liked it.
Some women prefer it, others find it bulky.
Some women prefer odor.
Some women prefer pills by mouth just because of the messiness of vaginal preparations.
Some women prefer tampon to external pads.
Some women prefer the estrogen ring over vaginal estrogen creams which can be messy.
Some women prefer the high forehead look as regal.
Some women prefer the individual ones, but they take longer.
Some women prefer The Lady's Spa because it's for women only.
Some women prefer to conceal fine dark hair by bleaching rather than removing it.
Some women prefer to deliver at home, with a midwife's help.
Some women prefer to do the next part of the exam in the shower.
Some women prefer to douche as a matter of personal hygiene.
Some women prefer to eat six or seven small meals per day.
Some women prefer to express milk by hand.
Some women prefer to have a C-section if their baby is breech.
Some women prefer to have two diaphragms to permit time for each to dry after use.
Some women prefer to insert the speculum sideways, and then turn the handle up.
Some women prefer to keep a small diary of their monthly breast self-exams.
Some women prefer to leave it in place until the next morning or until convenient.
Some women prefer to make like a dolphin and give birth in water.
Some women prefer to manage their marital status simultaneously with their career.
Some women prefer to remove that hair and keep the vulva bare for a variety of reasons.
Some women prefer to shampoo their hair after rinsing out the color and before conditioning.
Some women prefer to stay in water at the time of birth and deliver their baby in the tub or pool.
Some women prefer to use home pregnancy tests before going to a clinic.
Some women prefer to wear a prosthesis instead of having reconstructive surgery.
Some women prefer two wheels instead of four.
Some women prefer white and pink.
Some women prepare fat recipes.
Some women prepare healthy low fat recipes.
Some women prepare healthy recipes.
Some women prepare recipes.
Some women present with headaches.
Some women pretend to agree with their husbands, but they usually have a better idea.
Some women pretend to faint, some cry hysterically, others act insane or mentally incapacitated .
Some women pretend to faint, some cry hysterically, others act insane or mentally incapacitated.
Some women prevent hot flashes entirely by taking a coolish bath every morning.
Some women produce aliphatic acids.
Some women produce antibodies to hormones and neurotransmitters vital to a successful pregnancy.
Some women produce crafts while others grow and sell food at the local market.
Some women produce immune proteins called antibodies that react with sperm.
Some women produce testosterone.
Some women promulgate the view that pornography preserves and promotes patriarchal power.
Some women provoke men and deserve to get beaten.
Some women provoke their men and deserve to get beaten.
Some women pump water.
Some women pump while at work for the next day's feeding.
Some women purchase goats to give milk for their families.
Some women push carts.
Some women quit jobs they desperately needed when family members fell ill.
Some women raise camels.
Some women raise cattle.
Some women raise geese.
Some women raise guinea pigs.
Some women raise llamas.
Some women raise pigs.
Some women raise rabbits.
Some women reach levels.
Some women reach orgasm quickly, others more slowly.
Some women react to eating spicy foods or soy sauce with an odor.
Some women react to rape by wanting to withdraw.
Some women react to the rubber in condoms or diaphragms.
Some women react very strongly to hormones.
Some women react with odor to the latex in condoms or to a lubrication product.
Some women read copies.
Some women receive a type of internal radiation called intraperitoneal irradiation.
Some women receive an abnormal result.
Some women receive behavior therapy.
Some women receive blastocysts.
Some women receive both kinds of radiation therapy.
Some women receive capsules.
Some women receive cognitive behavior therapy.
Some women receive cognitive therapy.
Some women receive copies.
Some women receive emotional relief after just one meeting.
Some women receive estrogen replacement therapy.
Some women receive estrogens.
Some women receive hormone replacement therapy.
Some women receive initial treatments.
Some women receive preparation.
Some women receive radiation therapy.
Some women receive single blastocysts.
Some women receive sorts.
Some women receive therapy.
Some women receive treatments.
Some women receive vaccines.
Some women recognize levels.
Some women recover less quickly than others from the effects of anesthesia and surgery.
Some women reduce caffeine intake.
Some women reduce labor.
Some women regard the bar rose as tacky, others as a telephone number ploy.
Some women rejoice.
Some women rely more heavily on changes in the cervix.
Some women remove bandages.
Some women remove pressure bandages.
Some women report a few days of brown blood after a normal menstrual period.
Some women report a mild, transient stomach upset.
Some women report a slight increase in cramping with their periods after they have had a tubal.
Some women report a strong fish-like odor, especially after intercourse.
Some women report allergic reaction.
Some women report almost no or minimal discomfort during a mammogram.
Some women report benefits.
Some women report complete relief from canker sores during pregnancy.
Some women report crime.
Some women report dark moods, and an inability to control sudden overwhelming emotions.
Some women report fainting or shoulder-tip pain.
Some women report feeling better after improving their diet and beginning an exercise program.
Some women report feelings of being raped.
Some women report fewer hot flashes when they exercise regularly.
Some women report good results from the use of homeopathic remedies.
Some women report greater sensitivity when using soapy water and prefer the shower method.
Some women report increased thirst, and changes in their menstrual cycle or libido.
Some women report injuries.
Some women report insomnia as their only perimenopausal symptom.
Some women report irregular monthly periods and spotting.
Some women report lessening of hot flashes or premenstrual symptoms.
Some women report nausea and certain lethargy after the initial use.
Some women report pain and some report no pain.
Some women report painful sexual intercourse as a result of an episiotomy.
Some women report partner violence.
Some women report problems.
Some women report reaction.
Some women report relief from using vitamins, minerals or other supplements.
Some women report relief of minor symptom management such as hot flashes, anxiety and irritability.
Some women report side effects, such as experienced bloating and breast tenderness.
Some women report some side effects.
Some women report that birth control pills reduce lubrication.
Some women report that every time they write or speak their name, they feel empowered.
Some women report that migraine attacks begin during pregnancy, or their attacks worsen.
Some women report that nipples become oversensitive, undersensitive, or even numb.
Some women report that their feet remain a size larger after pregnancy.
Some women report that their nipples become oversensitive, undersensitive or even numb.
Some women report that their nipples become oversensitive, undersensitive, or even numb.
Some women report that their nipples become oversensitive, undersensitive.
Some women report that they are in marriages in which they feel unloved and unattractive.
Some women report that they receive very nasty and personal private messages.
Some women report their infants are more 'fussy' when they breastfeed following a strenuous workout.
Some women report types.
Some women report violence.
Some women represent style.
Some women represents an object to the killer.
Some women repress or are unaware of any aftereffects for years.
Some women require amounts.
Some women require brachytherapy.
Some women require examinations.
Some women require growth hormone therapy.
Some women require insulin shots during pregnancy only.
Some women require more progesterone cream to alleviate symptoms, while others can use less.
Some women require more progesterone cream to help alleviate symptoms, while others can use less.
Some women require physical examinations.
Some women require therapy.
Some women require treatments.
Some women respond to inductions.
Some women respond to men.
Some women respond to ovulation inductions.
Some women respond to questionnaires.
Some women respond to tamoxifen better than others.
Some women respond very differently to pitocin than others do.
Some women retain more fluid than others do.
Some women retain plenty of fluid.
Some women return to counseling.
Some women return to showrooms.
Some women return to work within one to two days.
Some women ride animals.
Some women ride camels.
Some women ride horses.
Some women ring within a few weeks of giving birth.
Some women rule homes.
Some women run a higher risk than others.
Some women run firms.
Some women run, bike and lift weights.
Some women runs out of their house, carrying their children.
Some women sail through menopause and just stop their periods without symptoms.
Some women say it really helps.
Some women say it's the best book they've ever read.
Some women say that divorced men are house-trained and less selfish than bachelors.
Some women say that eating smaller, more frequent meals helps their heartburn.
Some women say that lying down helps the contractions subside.
Some women say that they feel the contractions in the lower back area.
Some women say that's exactly what it is.
Some women say their arm is a little sore or bruised for a few days.
Some women say they can actually feel the egg being released from the ovary.
Some women say they did it for rent money.
Some women say they do, but most women know there's more to good sex than large tools.
Some women say they enjoy sex more after menopause because pregnancy is no longer a concern.
Some women say they eventually forget the pain of childbirth after their bundle of joy arrives.
Some women say they get the most enjoyment possible from full fisting.
Some women say they have paid the price.
Some women say they know they are pregnant even before they miss their first period.
Some women say they never experienced symptoms at all.
Some women say they resemble Scottish men.
Some women say they see a constant increase in degree of involvement that their partner's desires.
Some women say work is easy compared to the rigors of caring for a family.
Some women say yes.
Some women scratch themselves so frantically that they make themselves bleed.
Some women scuba dive, jump out of airplanes, shoot competitively.
Some women search all their lives for a man to love.
Some women secrete cervical mucuses.
Some women secrete fertile cervical mucuses.
Some women secrete fertile mucuses.
Some women secrete mucuses.
Some women see a perinatologist even before they become pregnant.
Some women see a sperm cell and conceive.
Some women see buffalo horns.
Some women see cards.
Some women see cars.
Some women see daughters.
Some women see horns.
Some women see improvement.
Some women see improvements when they tone the chest muscles that are just below the breast tissue.
Some women see kinkajous.
Some women see mangos.
Some women see places.
Some women see pregnancy as a sign of womanhood.
Some women see results after just two weeks of use.
Some women see sultans.
Some women see summaries.
Some women see the differences between women and men as biological and innate.
Some women see their children as the future of progress in the village.
Some Women See what our sisters are up to.
Some women see work as an option.
Some women seek careers.
Some women seek fulfillment by looking inside themselves.
Some women seek out unions to try to fight for their rights.
Some women seek pregnancy.
Some women seeking financing say it's a tough sell.
Some women seem sweet, but are ugly inside, and some are the other way round.
Some women seem to be able to control their pain with breathing, focusing, or relaxing techniques.
Some women seem to be euphoric, others seem to be angry, while others express a transitory fear.
Some women seem to flow quite naturally into motherhood.
Some women seem to have forgotten how women gained poor self-esteem.
Some women seem to suffer depression while on the injections.
Some women seem to want everything their brethren have.
Some women sell animals.
Some women sell cats.
Some women sell cattle.
Some women sell chickens.
Some women sell dogs.
Some women sell goats.
Some women sell horses.
Some women sell pigs.
Some women sell rabbits.
Some women sell sheep.
Some women send addresses.
Some women send out signals of overt sexual flirting when all they want is to be friendly.
Some women serve communities.
Some women sew wall-hangings, mitts, and kamiks to make money.
Some women sexually abuse children.
Some women share beds.
Some women share dreams.
Some women shave heads.
Some women shave off all their hair when it starts coming out.
Some women shoot intruders.
Some women show a lot of style and some styles show a lot of women.
Some women show allergic reaction.
Some women show phases.
Some women show plenty of cleavage in the skimpy tops they wear at the gangsters' house.
Some women show reaction.
Some women shun using a little feminine charm, like they're abandoning the sisterhood.
Some women sit in bars.
Some women sit on thrones.
Some women skip periods, even for months at a time, then start again.
Some women skip periods, or have more than one period a month.
Some women sleep with their bra on the first few nights after a biopsy.
Some women smoke cigarettes.
Some women smoke marijuana.
Some women smoke single cigarettes.
Some women sniff, and even sample, their vaginal juices to reassure themselves that they are okay.
Some women so sanctify their dead husbands that no other man can measure up.
Some women speak of rape.
Some women specialize, sticking to certain types of pageants.
Some women spend more time clipping and filing recipes than they spend on family finances.
Some women spit up acid saliva, and their mouths are full of fluid, and their legs become cold.
Some women stand in corners.
Some women stand in fronts.
Some women stand on platforms.
Some women start at the nipple and work outwards in, increasing circles.
Some women start business.
Some women start contact.
Some women start contraction.
Some women start eye contact.
Some women start getting hot flashes several years before their periods stop.
Some women start labor.
Some women start make eye contact.
Some women start out online by connecting with others to work together.
Some women start own business.
Some women start pap tests.
Some women start tests.
Some women start to drop things more.
Some women start to look at their future once they reach a certain age.
Some women start up their periods fairly soon after delivery.
Some women starve themselves to death, trying to be thin enough.
Some women stay because of economic issues.
Some women stay smokers.
Some women still believe that they have to give in to a man s demand for sex.
Some women still do participate in jackpots.
Some women still feel dirty and soiled.
Some women still have nowhere to go.
Some women still practice tahara because they're psychologically tied to the tradition.
Some women still see their opportunities as limited simply because they are women.
Some women still wear clothes.
Some women stop having periods completely.
Some women stop having their menstrual periods after getting hormonal implants.
Some women stop ovulation altogether after the first three to six months of use.
Some women stop producing egg cells at a young age.
Some women stop trying to accomplish their goal without getting any professional advice.
Some women strongly support the church position on women pastors.
Some women strove to be fashionable, while others vied to be the fittest in the land.
Some women struggle with repeated urinary tract infections.
Some women submit samples.
Some women submit urine samples.
Some women succeed in getting demanding jobs.
Some women suffer attacks.
Some women suffer burns.
Some women suffer degree burns.
Some women suffer difficulty.
Some women suffer effects.
Some women suffer epilepsy.
Some women suffer fevers.
Some women suffer for years.
Some women suffer from breast cancer.
Some women suffer from cancer.
Some women suffer from degrees.
Some women suffer from depression as a result of the stress of their bleeding disorder.
Some women suffer from disorder.
Some women suffer from eat disorder.
Some women suffer from effects.
Some women suffer from excretion.
Some women suffer from frequent yeast infections.
Some women suffer from infection.
Some women suffer from malaria.
Some women suffer from ovary syndromes.
Some women suffer from side effects.
Some women suffer from syndromes.
Some women suffer from vaginal excretion.
Some women suffer from yeast infection.
Some women suffer greatly when their partner is impotent or gone.
Some women suffer heart attacks.
Some women suffer high fevers.
Some women suffer maternity-related injuries, such as hemorrhage or obstructed labor.
Some women suffer menstruation-related problems due to hormonal disorder, pregnancy, etc.
Some women suffer negative effects.
Some women suffer no pain at all.
Some women suffer only one but the norm is half a dozen.
Some women suffer recurrent UTIs, as many as three or more a year.
Some women suffer sexual difficulty.
Some women suffer side effects from the hormones, including bloating and sore breasts.
Some women suffer side effects.
Some women suffer significant effects.
Some women suffer significant side effects.
Some women suffer treatments.
Some women suffering from postpartum depression consider suicide or infanticide.
Some women suggest that viewing birth videos can be helpful as well.
Some women supervise employees.
Some women support mothers.
Some women swear by a glass of cold ginger ale.
Some women swear by curb walking - supposed to help loosen up the right places to go into labor.
Some women swear by it.
Some women swear that certain foods cause their babies distress.
Some women swear that ginger tea soothes the discomfort of menstrual cramps.
Some women take a hot shower and empty their breasts in the warm water.
Some women take a moment or two to warm up.
Some women take acid.
Some women take advantage of their career skills and become consultants.
Some women take babies.
Some women take breaks at work to pump their breasts.
Some women take capsules.
Some women take charge.
Some women take consumption.
Some women take estrogen supplements to stave off osteoporosis.
Some women take ginger capsules.
Some women take hormone replacement therapy.
Some women take hormones.
Some women take hostages.
Some women take iodine.
Some women take it only until the uncomfortable menopausal symptoms they are experiencing pass.
Some women take longer than others to recover from their operation.
Some women take longer than others.
Some women take longer.
Some women take notes.
Some women take offense.
Some women take over tasks.
Some women take prenatal vitamins.
Some women take pride in being told they dress like a hooker.
Some women take the occasion of their pregnancy for deliberately getting overweight.
Some women take their estrogen pills every other day, then every third day, and so on.
Some women take therapy.
Some women take trips out of the province or country.
Some women take vitamins.
Some women talk of feeling alienated by other women once they have been promoted.
Some women talk openly about abuse, and they have doctors confirm and document it.
Some women talk, others listen.
Some women taste like fruit, some women taste like a freshly opened oyster.
Some women tend to gain weight during their menopause.
Some women tend to have more reactions when it is placed on the lower abdomen.
Some women tend to ignore the realities of the work world.
Some women tend to insult and try and debase the male.
Some women tend to roll their feet inward excessively as they run.
Some women tend to suffer thrush every month just before their period.
Some women think about the example they set for little girls.
Some women think back to cases they've heard and assume it's time to start making final plans.
Some women think bikinis are immodest, while other have beautiful figures.
Some women think cigar smoking carries fewer risks than cigarette smoking.
Some women think it is risky and others are scared.
Some women think it's just a form of contraception.
Some women think it's the best way to enjoy safe sex.
Some women think like men.
Some women think spermicides are messy.
Some women think that they are anorgasmic, but have in fact actually experienced orgasm.
Some women think the treatment is too toxic or risky, while others insist on receiving it.
Some women think their relaxed hair offers more versatility when it comes to hairstyles.
Some women think themselves incapable of exciting strong passions by their physical presence.
Some women think they are so fucking delicate.
Some women think they have come a long way by means of the feminist movement.
Some women thrive on sociability.
Some women throw bread.
Some women traveling alone feel somewhat restricted because of their status.
Some women truly feel incomplete because of their fertility problem.
Some women truly suffer from eating disorders that can be helped by psychotherapy.
Some women try dietary adjustments, herbs, or nutritional supplements.
Some women try to hide the problem with nail polish.
Some women try to look at dates as more than they are.
Some women try to put up with discomfort or pain, hoping they'll get used to it.
Some women try to use the medical certificates to persuade their husbands to stop the violence.
Some women turn to a friend, their own mother, or a doula.
Some women turn to alcohol, drugs, or food to numb the pain and escape the guilty feelings.
Some women turn to drinking or submerge themselves in social activities.
Some women undergo procedures.
Some women undergo radiation.
Some women undergo surgical procedures.
Some women undergo the procedure at the same time as their mastectomy.
Some women undergo treatments.
Some women undergoing sterilisation decide to donate eggs.
Some women understand benefits.
Some women use a backup method as long as they are on mini-pills.
Some women use a backup method such as condoms as long as they are on mini-pills.
Some women use a backup method such as condoms while they are taking mini-pills.
Some women use acupuncture or biofeedback.
Some women use an applicator of anti-yeast cream after intercourse on a routine basis.
Some women use beetroots.
Some women use certain herbs.
Some women use chlorine bleach to paralyse fish so that they can be easily harvested.
Some women use clover.
Some women use complementary treatments like biofeedback and relaxation therapy.
Some women use creams made of yams.
Some women use depilating agents on their face and other parts of the body.
Some women use diuretics in the misguided notion that they reduce weight.
Some women use embryos.
Some women use fennel to increase their milk supply.
Some women use fungi.
Some women use growth hormones.
Some women use herbs.
Some women use hormone therapy.
Some women use hormones.
Some women use infertility.
Some women use marijuana.
Some women use modules.
Some women use monitors.
Some women use oil.
Some women use plants.
Some women use red clover.
Some women use sea sponges , towels and other reusable absorbing items .
Some women use sea sponges, towels and other reusable absorbing items.
Some women use sponges or diaphragms to catch their menstrual flow.
Some women use the cup during their heavy flow and cotton pads at other times.
Some women use the internet as an educational tool for others.
Some women use the pill the wrong way, miss doses, or stop taking the pill.
Some women use therapy.
Some women use treatments.
Some women use urine.
Some women use webcams for hobby and others use to make a living.
Some women value the educational origins of the web more than the commercial pollution.
Some women view hormone replacement therapy as a blessed relief from the miseries of menopause.
Some women visit clinics.
Some women visit family plan clinics.
Some women visit the earth gods in the little temple with incenses.
Some women vomit.
Some women wait for something to change and nothing does change so they change themselves.
Some women walk out of the first programme, delivered by a lesbian.
Some women watch animals.
Some women watch bees.
Some women watch boys.
Some women watch cats.
Some women watch chickens.
Some women watch deer.
Some women watch frogs.
Some women watch goats.
Some women watch pigs.
Some women watch sheep.
Some women watch turkeys.
Some women watch whales.
Some women wear a dot also called a bindi.
Some women wear a lightweight panty girdle under their suits.
Some women wear cleavage revealing outfits and swimsuits.
Some women wear cones.
Some women wear costumes.
Some women wear flags.
Some women wear ghastly hats.
Some women wear hats.
Some women wear headscarves made of a velvet material and others wear white caps.
Some women wear liberian flags.
Some women wear more silver than gold, some more gold than silver.
Some women wear pants, others wear skirts, but whichever, it's definitely casual and comfortable.
Some women wear scarves and some are fully veiled.
Some women wear shawls.
Some women wear the chadari as a way to show off their gentrification.
Some women wear thread.
Some women wear T-shirts to bed.
Some women wear white dresses here.
Some women welcome the end to monthly bleeding, bloating, and inconvenience.
Some women wish to retire completely from the labor force.
Some women work as housekeepers.
Some women work as receptionists.
Some women work at cattle stations.
Some women work at stations.
Some women work in cane fields.
Some women work in fields.
Some women work in offices.
Some women work in sewing centres on contracts with Israeli companies.
Some women work in shops.
Some women work only the knees in up and down.
Some women work out of the home and others are actively involved in volunteer positions.
Some women work so hard to make good husbands that they never manage to make good wives.
Some women work until the day they give birth and are back on the job in a week.
Some women worry about the chance of rupture.
Some women worry about the effects of radiation from a mammogram.
Some women worry about the radiation that they are exposed to during the x-rays.
Some women worsen to have seizures, called eclampsia.
Some women write books.
Some women write from a personal perspective, some from a business perspective.
Some women yearn to look like a bodybuilder, with billowing muscles that turn people's heads.
A womankind is a people
Womankind is only a little bit better.
Womanly appearance requires neither a pretty nor a perfect face and form.
A womb is a sex organ
Womb gives awy to cradle.
Womb here translates the plural in Greek.
Womb is the place, which holds the future generation i.e. the child.
Womb isa organ.
Womb likewise meditates on maternal issue, but with Wagnerian bravado.
Womb lining The main side effects noted in research up until now relate to the womb lining.
Wombs have (part) cervixes.
Wombs have (part) corpi.
Wombs have (part) endometriums.
Wombs have (part) lobes.
Wombs have (part) muscle cells.
Wombs have (part) muscle fiber.
Wombs have (part) muscle fibre.
Some wombs are located in monotremes.
A wombat is a mammal
Wombat isa mammal.
Wombats also limit their water loss, so they can go for a long time without drinking water.
Wombats are a large and solidly built animal.
Wombats are a mostly nocturnal herbivorous marsupial mammal and live in burrows.
Wombats are a protected species but are persecuted in some regions for being vermin.
Wombats are a thick-set short legged, tailless, and somewhat badger like burrowing animal.
Wombats are active at night and hence they are nocturnal.
Wombats are adapted to hot, dry climates by minimizing the amount of time spent above ground.
Wombats are any of the species of marsupials belonging to the taxonomic Family Vombatidae.
Wombats are built for digging.
Wombats are certainly better off in bags.
Wombats are charismatic native Australian burrowing marsupials built like foot cushions with legs.
Wombats are completely herbivorous.
Wombats are completely terrestrial.
Wombats are cute furry creatures from Australia.
Wombats are fat, little, and furry.
Wombats are found mainly on the east coast of Australia, from Tasmania to southern Queensland.
Wombats are hairyer.
Wombats are herbivores and feed up on grass, roots of shrubs and tress and fungi.
Wombats are herbivores and live in burrows.
Wombats are herbivores, which means they only eat vegetation.
Wombats are herbivores.
Wombats are herbivorous and live in burrows.
Wombats are herbivorous, and have a grazing diet consisting mostly of high-fibre native grasses.
Wombats are killed by poison intended to reduce rabbit or wallaby numbers.
Wombats are known to live in solitary and are territorial.
Wombats are large burrowing mammals found only in Australia.
Wombats are large, lumbering marsupials which live only in Australia.
Wombats are mammals and marsupials, so they reproduce sexually.
Wombats are mammals.
Wombats are marsupial mammals native to Eastern Australia and Tasmania.
Wombats are marsupial mammals.
Wombats are marsupials and are endemic to Australia.
Wombats are marsupials, greyish, beaver-like in appearance, and they do have tails.
Wombats are marsupials.
Wombats are marsupials.
Wombats are mostly nocturnal, usually coming out at night to graze when temperatures are lower.
Wombats are mostly nocturnal, usually coming out at night to graze when the temperature is lower.
Wombats are nocturnal and are normally most active at dawn and dusk.
Wombats are nocturnal and completely herbivorous.
Wombats are nocturnal and emerge to feed at night on grasses, roots, and bark.
Wombats are nocturnal animals which eat grasses, roots and herbs after dark.
Wombats are nocturnal animals.
Wombats are nocturnal animals.
Wombats are nocturnal.
Wombats are quadrupeds.
Wombats are short-legged, muscular marsupials native to Australia.
Wombats are short-legged, muscular quadrupedal marsupials that are native to Australia .
Wombats are small marsupials that look like a cross between a bear, a pig and a gopher.
Wombats are smart.
Wombats are solitary animals and only a single wombat inhabits one burrow.
Wombats are stout, sturdy marsupials.
Wombats are strong animals and known to be efficient excavators.
Wombats are susceptible to bacterial infections that can be difficult to treat in captivity.
Wombats are terrific tunnelers.
Wombats are territorial animals.
Wombats are the most playful group of marsupials.
Wombats are threatened by habitat destruction, car collisions and predation from wild dogs.
Wombats are wide-ranging foragers, and nocturnal with strong instincts for burrowing behaviours.
Wombats bear one young at a time, which develop in the pouch five months or longer.
Wombats belong to the marsupial order of species from Australia like koalas and kangaroos.
Wombats breed all the year round, but they mostly mate during the winter season.
Wombats breed in spring, after which females give birth to a single jelly-bean sized joey.
Wombats build burrows.
Wombats construct burrows to escape the heat and hide from predators.
Wombats construct burrows.
Wombats defend hometerritories centred on their burrows, and react aggressively to intruders.
Wombats depart their burrows to browse at night.
Wombats differ from other marsupials by having only two incisor teeth in the upper jaw.
Wombats dig extensive burrow systems with their rodent-like front teeth and powerful claws.
Wombats digest food.
Wombats do well in captivity and often become interesting and affectionate pets.
Wombats eat food.
Wombats eat grass.
Wombats eat mainly grasses, roots, bark, and fungi.
Wombats eat plants.
Wombats feed in trees.
Wombats forage for food.
Wombats generally eat grasses and leaves in bush clearings.
Wombats generally stay in the burrows during the day, kept warm in winter and cool in summer.
Wombats graze areas.
Wombats has-part claws.
Wombats has-part lips.
Wombats has-part teeth.
Wombats have (part) brains.
Wombats have (part) breasts.
Wombats have (part) cell membranes.
Wombats have (part) cells.
Wombats have (part) chest cavities.
Wombats have (part) chests.
Wombats have (part) corpi.
Wombats have (part) cytoplasm.
Wombats have (part) ears.
Wombats have (part) faces.
Wombats have (part) heads.
Wombats have (part) nuclei.
Wombats have (part) pedal extremities.
Wombats have (part) piluses.
Wombats have (part) plasma membranes.
Wombats have (part) rib cages.
Wombats have (part) sections.
Wombats have (part) skulls.
Wombats have (part) sterna.
Wombats have (part) vacuoles.
Wombats have (part) vertebrate feet.
Wombats have a strong instinct to burrow.
Wombats have a well known way to get rid off intruders, they usually crush their skull.
Wombats have claws.
Wombats have coarse fur.
Wombats have distribution.
Wombats have ears.
Wombats have energy.
Wombats have feet.
Wombats have few natural enemies, with humans pretty much standing alone on the list.
Wombats have four incisor teeth that continue to grow throughout their lives.
Wombats have fur.
Wombats have glands.
Wombats have hairy noses.
Wombats have large paws, short legs and strong claws used to excavate burrows.
Wombats have legs.
Wombats have long claws.
Wombats have noses.
Wombats have pouches.
Wombats have ranges.
Wombats have sharp claws.
Wombats have short legs.
Wombats have snouts.
Wombats have soft fur.
Wombats have strong teeth.
Wombats have teeth.
Wombats have traces of cheek pouches.
Wombats have trouble.
Wombats have unique cube-shaped dung which helps to keep their markers in place.
Wombats have very tough skin on their rump .
Wombats have very tough skin on their rump.
Wombats hide in trees.
Wombats inhabit regions.
Wombats leave scent trails and droppings to mark their feeding grounds.
Wombats live in areas.
Wombats live in Australia.
Wombats live in burrows that they dig with their sharp claws.
Wombats live in burrows which they dig in the ground.
Wombats live in burrows.
Wombats live in forest areas.
Wombats live in habitats.
Wombats live in hilly forest country and like to burrow underground.
Wombats live in native habitats.
Wombats live in woodlands.
Wombats make burrows.
Wombats measure up to four feet long and weigh from thirty to seventy-five pounds.
Wombats occur in southern and southeastern Australia, Flinders Island, and Tasmania.
Wombats possess bacteria.
Wombats possess pouches.
Wombats prefer fresh grasses, herbs and sedges.
Wombats prefer grass.
Wombats prefer native grass.
Wombats prefer perennial grass.
Wombats prefer to burrow in areas of vegetation and rocky debris.
Wombats prefer to live in open grasslands and eucalyptus forests.
Wombats prefer tough grass.
Wombats reach sexual maturity at the age of two years.
Wombats release less than other herbivorous mammals.
Wombats remain in burrows.
Wombats resemble small bears in general appearance.
Wombats reside in burrows.
Wombats spend almost eighty per cent of their time underground in their long, complex burrows.
Wombats spend the daytime in their burrows.
Wombats stay with mothers.
Wombats tend to prefer young tender grass shoots when available.
Wombats thrive in the bush and sometimes come into pasture land.
Wombats typically mate during times when food is abundant.
Wombats use burrows.
Wombats use the same trails to get to and from their preferred feeding areas.
Wombats use their claws to dig burrows in open grasslands and eucalyptus forests.
Wombats use their poop to mark their territory.
Wombats walk with a somewhat awkward, shuffling or waddling gait.
Wombats weigh lbs.
Wombats often dig their burrows in the areas above creeks and gullies.
Wombats usually give birth to a single young, but twins do occur.
Wombats usually rest in or near their burrows during the day and come out at night to eat.
All wombats are nocturnal and spend their nights foraging for food or digging.
All wombats have three toes on each foot.
All wombats live in Australia .
Most wombats build burrows.
Most wombats construct burrows.
Most wombats eat food.
Most wombats eat grass.
Most wombats eat plants.
Most wombats feed in trees.
Most wombats have claws.
Most wombats have coarse fur.
Most wombats have distribution.
Most wombats have ears.
Most wombats have energy.
Most wombats have feet.
Most wombats have fur.
Most wombats have glands.
Most wombats have hairy noses.
Most wombats have legs.
Most wombats have long claws.
Most wombats have noses.
Most wombats have pouches.
Most wombats have ranges.
Most wombats have sharp claws.
Most wombats have short legs.
Most wombats have snouts.
Most wombats have soft fur.
Most wombats have strong teeth.
Most wombats have teeth.
Most wombats have trouble.
Most wombats hide in trees.
Most wombats make burrows.
Most wombats possess bacteria.
Most wombats prefer tough grass.
Most wombats remain in burrows.
Most wombats reside in burrows.
Most wombats stay with mothers.
Most wombats use burrows.
Some wombats are social, while others are loners.
Some wombats become koalas.
Some wombats come out at nights.
Some wombats conserve water.
Some wombats destroy plants.
Some wombats develop cataracts.
Some wombats draw attention.
Some wombats eat dry leaves.
Some wombats eat leaves.
Some wombats eat vegetables.
Some wombats feed on coarse grass.
Some wombats feed on grass.
Some wombats have ancestors.
Some wombats have arrangements.
Some wombats have enemies.
Some wombats have few natural enemies.
Some wombats have natural enemies.
Some wombats have thick brown fur and very small ears .
Some wombats have thick brown fur and very small ears.
Some wombats have tubes.
Some wombats inhabit burrows.
Some wombats inhabit own burrows.
Some wombats leave burrows.
Some wombats occupy high country areas.
Some wombats occupy warrens.
Some wombats occur in Australia.
Some wombats take care.
Some wombats take places.
Some wombats travel up to kms.
Women artists are well represented.
Women artists discuss issues related to contemporary art, aesthetics, marketing, process and gender.
Women artists show eye-catching exhibit.
Women artists turn the inside out.
Women artists work from around the world arranged alphabetically.
Women artists working in all disciplines are eligible.
Women bishops are canonically possible, but none are ordained as yet.
Women dancers are more common than men.
Women dancers wear special shoes, too.
Women directors remain the exception.
Many women directors are equally uneasy with the topic.
Women doctors are no exception.
Women doctors are themselves the best medicine toward insuring the health of women patients.
Women doctors offer expert advice on ways to cope with other, more general aspects of menopause.
Women doctors offer some surprising but effective tactics against vexing canker sores.
Women entrepreneurs are more likely to fail than men.
Women entrepreneurs are the fastest growing segment of the national small business population.
Women entrepreneurs are welcome.
Women entrepreneurs can start a business providing a payphone service in rural areas of Bangladesh .
Women entrepreneurs can start a business providing a payphone service in rural areas of Bangladesh.
Women entrepreneurs dominate the Russian wholesale district in Istanbul.
Women entrepreneurs find it difficult to gain access to capital necessary for their companies.
Women entrepreneurs make up the fastest growing segment of the small business community.
Women entrepreneurs provide gainful employment and enable their employees to acquire new skills.
Women entrepreneurs represent the fastest-growing segment of the business class in many countries.
Women entrepreneurs tend to be younger than their male counterparts.
Women entrepreneurs tend to emphasize compassion and nourishment more than men do.
Many women entrepreneurs are wary of utilizing a board of advisors.
Women journalists struggle against negative stereotypes about women in the journalism profession.
Women lawyers are no longer a novelty.
Women lawyers are present at the top ranks of the profession.
Women lawyers gaining ground Like all young workers, lawyers start out earning relatively low pay.
Women lawyers seem to be popular lately.
All women lawyers are welcome to attend.
All women lawyers welcome to get acquainted and hear our program for the year.
Many women lawyers avoid self-promotion.
Most women lawyers work in private practice, as do most men.
Women photographers have always been part of the photographic canon, Armstrong says.
Women physicians are everywhere.
Women physicians make less money than men overall.
Women physicians rank health care quality.
Many women physicians work less than full-time to raise young children.
Women politicians have a reputation for being humorless.
Women preachers are about as abundant as scraps of meat after a shark feeding frenzy.
Women priests are a Biblical impossibility So also is homosexual marriage.
Women priests have to prove themselves over and over again.
Women prisoners are likely to be poor, undereducated, and single parents.
Women prisoners are the fastest growing segment in prison population.
Women prisoners are usually poor, uneducated, and held for petty or non-violent offences.
Women prisoners can make dull, shapeless clothes by working on the Marks and Spencer chain gang.
Women prisoners report significant histories of domestic violence.
Women prisoners require special medical procedures.
Women prisoners suffer a lot due to some social reasons.
Women rights is a very sensitive and controversial topic in most parts of today's world.
Women scientists do face organizational barriers to advancement.
Women soldiers are four times more likely to report ill.
Women voters hear their issues coming out of the Democratic mouths.
Women voters remain closely divided.
Women writers continue to inflict upon themselves the lessons of the past.
Women writers is certainly a topic of significant relevance.
Women writers talk about having sons and raising men .
WomenConnected members combine their gifts and vote to fund a project or service.
Wons are villages.
Wons washes qiviuq with a bit of shampoo in warm water and carefully lays it out to dry.
A wonder boy is a man
Wonder boy follows rock group across the country and falls in love with fun girl.
Wonder Lake is the largest lake in the park and is surrounded by black spruce.
Wonder women make appearances.
Wonder Wonder is much more consistent, of much more consistent quality.
Wonder arises in the mind when, what started to be a problem, turns out to be a mystery.
Wonder becomes possible when children can risk being themselves without there being any risk at all.
Wonder finds no place in the modern world.
Wonder gets the biggest tribute.
Wonder goes on to push out of Motown formula later in career.
Wonder is a bit of a hot head.
Wonder is a website dedicated to helping all users on the internet with their computer.
Wonder is amazement
Wonder is an act of healing.
Wonder is astonishment.
Wonder is brain food.
Wonder is enough.
Wonder is found in the depths of life.
Wonder is happening.
Wonder is in the eyes of the beholder.
Wonder is it like that.
Wonder is lost in the mass produced world, where it is hard to find anything really unique.
Wonder is piled upon wonder.
Wonder is possible when children are free from threats and fears.
Wonder is replicated in the lily s white whilst the rose is replicated in praise .
Wonder is shared in the simple spirit of sharing.
Wonder is simply a set of principles to think with and to act by in order to be happy .
Wonder is the basis of worship.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Wonder is the desire for knowledge.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
Wonder is the most amazing thing of all.
Wonder is the sense of amazement and the pondering and recognition of the beauty of something.
Wonder is the undoing of pat answers.
Wonder is the very essence of life.
Wonder is very necessary in life.
Wonder provides public health data sets to search, including mortality and vital statistics data.
Wonder really does come from a five-inch pot.
Wonder requires knowledge, it literally feeds upon it.
Wonder requires risk.
Wonder signals the approach of something too marvelous to receive in any other way.
Wonder talks about life on the coast of Georgia.
Wonder triplets power activate. . .
Wonders are an interesting concept in the game.
Wonders are available to all players and all can be made if the player has enough resources.
Wonders are extraordinary events that differ from everyday happenings.
Wonders await at every bend in the river.
Wonders begin almost immediately.
Wonders can happen.
Wonders continues to grow.
Wonders happen now and then.
Wonders has three major parts.
Wonders Help raise money and have a great time.
Wonders never cease, indeed.
Wonders never cease, though.
Wonders never cease.
Wonders Praise every positive outcome, and connect it to trust.
Wonders worth the hearing.
All wonder is the effect of novelty upon ignorance.
Any wonder done for human glory is done of the devil.
Many wonder where are fleas coming from and the answer usually lies with their pets.
More Wonder is part of childhood, and philosophy begins and ends in wonder.
More wonders wait beyond.
Some wonders are just too good to allow anyone else to enjoy.
Some wonders never fade with experience.
A wonderer is a person
Wonderers become poets, convenience store employees, serial killers, stock-pickers.
Many wonderful accommodations are available.
Many wonderful agencies have good, attractive sites, and many sleazoids do too.
Wonderful animations reinforce math concepts.
Wonderful apple smoked turkeys are available for holidays or anytime.
Wonderful artwork is reproduced on polyester with a skid-resistant foam back.
Wonderful artwork is used to illustrate.
Wonderful breakfasts are a feature with the vegetarian option a speciality.
Wonderful breakfasts feature a specials board from which to choose.
Wonderful changes take place in the body, where the pupa is being formed.
Wonderful characters learn about tolerance, recycling, and turning enemies into friends.
Many wonderful choices exist today for charting and image management in dentistry.
Wonderful clouds appear in the glycol-haze.
Wonderful country walks around the reservoirs which are well marked and cared for.
Many wonderful creatures live in the underwater hotel.
Some wonderful creatures kill snakes.
Wonderful designs can come from reminiscing.
Wonderful detail includes well defined eyes and teeth, as well a prominent nipple.
Wonderful details abound.
Wonderful engagement rings too.
Wonderful Events See the Scheduled Events for more details.
Many wonderful events can happen without a sale.
More wonderful examples come from figures of illusory contours .
Wonderful fellowship is shared around the tables as well as with helping out.
Wonderful flavors fill the mouth and linger on the finish.
Wonderful flowers create a brillant landscape that looks somewhat like a rainbow.
Wonderful forest walks.
Wonderful gems turn up in the most unlikely places.
Wonderful graphics entertain with the poetry throughout the site and links from the site.
Wonderful grounds provide plenty to see and do whatever the weather.
Wonderful illustrations complement the very popular song - complete with music.
Wonderful images captured in the midst of life, they are sure to delight.
Wonderful images offer great accuracy in estimating dates.
Many wonderful islands lie just off the coast here.
Wonderful jewellery is made using the rich gold deposits found in the interior.
Wonderful jewelry can warm a persons heart.
Wonderful job done here love all the pictures.
Some wonderful justice is enacted.
Wonderful kitchen boasts a ton of counter space as well as center island.
Wonderful kitchen has white cabinets and good-size eating nook.
Wonderful kitchen smells grab the palate.
Some wonderful kittens look for homes.
Wonderful lace detailing creates a spectacular look in conjunction with satin and a stretch fabric.
Wonderful life abounds despite increasing environmental threats.
Wonderful Life is truly a wondrous book.
Wonderful men become husbands.
Most wonderful men become husbands.
Wonderful meals are prepared river-side on our extended trips.
Many wonderful memories remain.
Some wonderful miracles take place everytime.
Some wonderful moments elicit strong laughter.
Some wonderful mothers suggest answers.
Some wonderful mothers suggest simple answers.
Wonderful mountains covered with lush and varied forests with towering coniferous trees abound here.
Wonderful mouth feel and overall balance.
Wonderful opportunities are available for fishing, hiking, canoeing, and horseback riding.
Wonderful opportunities exist for non-climbing spouses and friends.
Many wonderful opportunities are approaching, so let's go and see what's up.
Many wonderful opportunities exist for alumni to get involved.
Many wonderful opportunities exist for 'hands-on' learning.
Many wonderful opportunities go unnoticed.
Wonderful Paper Bending Learn how to use paper to make different characters.
Wonderful patterns emerge.
Many wonderful people give their time, energy, and effort to Shorecrest each year.
Many wonderful people maintain local homepages and regional info pages.
Some wonderful people die very young and some awful people live until a very ripe old age.
Wonderful people to share knowledge.
Wonderful personalities shine through.
Many wonderful photographs run side by side with the well-written text.
Many wonderful photographers are invisible to the public.
Wonderful pictures draw the child into writing.
Wonderful plans go wrong and high hopes crash.
Wonderful projects can start from just a walk in the woods.
Wonderful prospects are in the works as talks continue with high profiles in the music scene.
Wonderful refreshments are always available.
Some wonderful relationships blossom out of friendship.
Many wonderful resources are close at hand here.
Wonderful restaurants feature freshly-caught fish from the river.
Many wonderful routes exist for the self-reliant backcountry skier or snowshoe enthusiast.
Wonderful sauces compliment the menu which features osso bucco.
Many wonderful sites exist, but few are completely excavated.
Wonderful software is available too.
Wonderful staff serves wine in the lobby.
Wonderful story introduces children to wolves, followed by fun, easy to set up activities.
Wonderful surprises come in strange packages.
Wonderful terraces surround impressive pool area.
Wonderful texture encourages activation.
Wonderful things are underway.
Wonderful things can happen when solutions are found for local needs.
Wonderful things can happen.
Wonderful things come out of that.
Wonderful things happen as a result.
Wonderful things happen during recessions.
Wonderful things happen for the polite birder.
Wonderful things happen One day at a time Listen and learn.
Wonderful things happen through prayer.
Wonderful things happen to very ordinary people through the magic of luck and the miracle of love.
Wonderful things happen when people reach out to each other.
Wonderful things happen when people talk face to face.
Wonderful things happen when people work together.
Wonderful things happen.
Wonderful Things has an ever increasing cross stitch department.
Wonderful Things is a shop full of, quite simply, wonderful things.
Many wonderful things are in the works here.
Many wonderful things happen at the library besides reading.
Some wonderful things can come from Bible study.
Wonderful tools are at our disposal to restore coronary blood flow quickly.
Wonderful truths bring wonderful new goals.
Some wonderful varieties exist.
Wonderful views are to be had from the top.
Wonderful views encourage for marvellous walks.
Wonderful walks are everywhere, never difficult but always rewarding.
Wonderful walks are to be had in either direction along the Coast Path.
Wonderful weather makes outdoor events common on our campus.
Wonderful Wetlands are essential to global ecosystems.
Some wonderful wildflowers tolerate drought.
Wonderful wisdom can reach the other shore right now.
Wonderful women survive against tremendous obstacles.
Wonderful work can be made with either, it's all very personal.
Wonderful writing makes up for the lack of photos.
Wonderful young men become husbands.
Wonderfull idea keep up the good work.
Wonderfull page Looks very good.
Wonderous possibilities are there for the choosing.
Wonderul insight is given about life, love, and spirit.
Wonderware licenses are very date sensitive.
Wondrous aromas permeate the air.
Wondrous blooms paint against oceans of green.
Wondrous landscapes help to enhance the up-close encounters with animals from around the world.
Wondrous sentences appear on the screen.
Wondrous shapes emerge, merge, split and remerge.
Wondrous technologies lessen the importance of geography.
Wondrous things abound and in a very orderly manner.
Wondrous things come from compost piles.
A wonk is a scholar
Wonks know .
Some wonkish concerns are legitimate.
A wonton is soup
Wontons are a great meal or appetizer.
Wood alcohol is alcohol
Wood alcohol is fuel
Wood alcohol is the source of the formaldehyde.
Wood anemone goes dormant in early summer as the trees leaf out.
Wood anemone is only one of a number of flowers that can often be found in an ancient woodland.
Wood areas increase availability.
Wood areas increase winter food availability.
Wood ash acts on the soil much like limestone in that it raises the pH or alkalinity of the soil.
Wood ash are too high in salt to add to our already salty soils.
Wood ash can actually help decrease that acid level.
Wood ash has a high calcium carbonate equivalent that cures soil acidity.
Wood ash is a great insulation.
Wood ash is removed from the base of the gasifier.
Wood ash is strongly alkaline, containing mostly lime and potassium.
Wood ash kills slugs on plants by absorbing their moisture.
Wood baskets are cedar.
Wood Bay is involved in golf course design and development world-wide.
Wood Bay offers a full range of design services for new projects and remodeling existing courses.
Wood beads are rove on the rope to make it slide easily on the mast.
Wood bison are extirpated in the wild in Alaska, a natural range state.
Wood bison graze in meadows.
Wood bison have appearances.
Wood bison have similar appearances.
Most wood bison have appearances.
Most wood bison have similar appearances.
Some wood bison adapt to life.
Some wood bison die of exhaustion.
Some wood bison die of heat exhaustion.
A wood block is an engraving
Wood block accepts standard threaded or tapered handles.
Wood blocks can raise a table's height so wheelchairs can fit.
Wood blocks offer more support than foam blocks and are often preferred for standing postures.
Wood borers are primarily a nuisance.
Most wood borers are beetles.
Wood build products have environmental impact.
Wood build products have impact.
Wood burning does an even better job.
Wood burning is also available.
Wood burning is the third largest source of dioxin in the United States.
Wood burning makes a lasting impression and it makes for unique gifts kids can give to others.
Wood burning offer a quick-fix when it came to heating homes more cost efficiently.
Wood burning produces carbon monoxide and other toxins that can harm our health.
Wood burning produces carbon monoxide, particulates, air toxics, and contributes to the brown cloud.
Wood burning produces fine particulate matter and is very dangerous.
Wood carvers use pyrography to burn feathers or other details onto birds and animals.
Wood carving comes forth steadily with new and bold ideas.
Wood carving is a common craft.
Wood carving is a craft practiced all over Bali.
Wood carving is a craft that's been handed down from generation to generation for centuries.
Wood carving is a national pastime in neighboring Slovakia.
Wood carving is a part of classical Malay visual arts .
Wood carving is a simple technique.
Wood carving is both creative and therapeutic.
Wood carving is one of their specialties.
Wood carving is the simplest of the decorative arts.
Wood carving reflects the strong spiritual beliefs with roots in animism.
Wood carvings are older than stone carvings.
Wood carvings are popular with tourists.
Wood carvings hold the most sacred of offerings or the bodies of ancestors as they are creamated.
Wood carvings made from ebony are very attractive.
Wood carvings offer a discriminating style.
Wood chewing is when a horse gnaws wood fences, feeders, stall walls, or posts.
Wood chips are a better bedding option, but clay is the best.
Wood chips are a good ground cover for wooded trails.
Wood chips are attractive and rot slowly, adding valuable organic matter to the soil.
Wood chips are available free at the Town garage.
Wood chips are available from local nurseries.
Wood chips are available to the public use at no charge.
Wood chips are available, as supplies last, free for the taking.
Wood chips are cheap and work well for pine trees.
Wood chips are good for covering and insulating plants.
Wood chips are ideal for backyard grills where space between fuel and the grate is close.
Wood chips are readily available, inexpensive, easy to work with, long lasting, and attractive.
Wood chips are small pieces of wood about an inch in diameter.
Wood chips are the primary raw ingredient for pulp and paper mills.
Wood chips are the raw material for the paper.
Wood chips are very high in carbon, but low in nitrogen.
Wood chips can deplete soil nitrogen unless fertilizer is added.
Wood chips can last about two years.
Wood chips come in various colors.
Wood chips cover the sandy bottom.
Wood chips improve growing conditions by conserving soil moisture.
Wood chips is totally wrong for ferrets, either as living material or litter box filling.
Wood chips make an excellent mulch for trees shrubs and planting beds.
Wood chips make excellent mulch and help keep the pH low.
Wood chips make excellent mulch around trees and shrubs and can also be used to soften garden paths.
Wood chips present a special challenge because of their anisotropic behavior.
Wood chips surround all baskets to function as greens.
Wood chips take a long time to break down so use sparingly.
Most wood chips feed Japan's pulp industry for production of paper and boards.
Wood cockroaches are a group of minor cockroach pests.
Wood cockroaches can accidentally invade dwellings during late spring.
Wood Cockroaches Get information about their appearance, habitat, biology and habits and control.
Wood cockroaches survive the winter as a partially grown nymph under bark of trees.
Wood county is one of the largest, wealthiest and most populous counties in Ohio.
Wood crafts range from intricately designed reliquaries to ironwood and coconut shell ladles.
Wood decay caused by fungi is known as dryrot, in two forms known as brown rot and white rot.
Wood decay is extremely common, but it is only occasionally the cause of tree failure.
Wood decay is initiated primarily by fungi.
Wood decay is the progressive deterioration of woody tissue in both living and dead trees.
Wood deck Make sure the decking is properly spaced to allow water to drain.
Wood decks abound for sunrise or sunset sunning and relaxing.
Wood decks are generally quite linear, running the length of the boards.
Wood decks come clean in minutes.
Wood decks hanging over unkempt vegetation are the worst offender.
Wood decks require maintenance over time.
Wood decks require some maintenance, such as sealing, cleaning, and repairs to damaged wood.
Wood decks serve as overlooks to the scenic river valley.
Wood duck hens have remarkable tendencies.
Wood duck hens have tendencies.
A wood duck is a duck
Wood ducks are a difficult species to keep alive.
Wood ducks are able to breed after one year of life.
Wood ducks are birds.
Wood ducks are common and nest on the refuge.
Wood ducks are dabblers or surface feeders.
Wood ducks are dabblers, meaning they feed by tipping-up in shallow water.
Wood ducks are dabblers, or puddle ducks, and they prefer small bodies of water.
Wood ducks are ducks that nest in holes in large dead trees along waterways.
Wood ducks are ducks.
Wood ducks are here year-round.
Wood ducks are in the beaver marsh.
Wood ducks are plentiful at first light.
Wood ducks are plentiful in the early morning.
Wood ducks are plentiful.
Wood ducks are shy, secretive, small ducks.
Wood ducks are the only species that raise a large number of young each year in the state.
Wood ducks begin nesting and bluebirds work on their nest cavities.
Wood ducks continue egg laying.
Wood ducks depend upon forested wetland habitat for food and cover, although marshes are also used.
Wood ducks eat acorns, seeds and insects.
Wood ducks eat more fruit and nuts than any other American duck.
Wood Ducks eat seeds, fruits, insects and other arthropods.
Wood ducks eat wild rice.
Wood ducks explode from the shallows and whistle off upstream.
Wood ducks feed on a variety of plant and animal material.
Wood ducks feed on land considerable distances from open water.
Wood ducks float along the edge of a lake.
Wood ducks forage heavily on white oak acorns before beginning their fall migration.
Wood ducks have a phenomenal ability to return to the same breeding area year after year.
Wood ducks have diets.
Wood ducks have longer legs than most ducks.
Wood ducks have unique nesting habits.
Wood ducks have vary diets.
Wood ducks live in locations.
Wood ducks migrate south for the winter.
Wood ducks migrate south when colder winter temperatures begin to freeze lakes.
Wood ducks migrate to areas.
Wood ducks migrate to breed areas.
Wood ducks molt, or loose feathers, twice a year.
Wood ducks obtain food.
Wood ducks occur throughout the eastern United States and also the Pacific coastal region.
Wood ducks pair up and search for nest cavities.
Wood ducks perch in trees and have longer legs than most ducks.
Wood ducks raise one brood a year.
Wood ducks swallow their food whole and temporarily store it in the crop.
Wood Ducks thrive in bottomland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, and beaver ponds.
Wood ducks use cavities or nest boxes along larger streams for nesting.
Most wood ducks have diets.
Most wood ducks live in locations.
Most wood ducks migrate to areas.
Most wood ducks migrate to breed areas.
Most wood ducks obtain food.
Some wood ducks feed on grain.
Some wood ducks have chins.
Some wood ducks nest in artificial cavities.
Some wood ducks nest in cavities.
Some wood ducks nest in natural cavities.
Some wood ducks nest in tree cavities.
Some wood ducks use artificial nest boxes.
Some wood ducks use boxes.
Some wood ducks use nest boxes.
Wood dust absorbs moisture and aids rust.
Wood dust can cause severe eye irritation.
Wood dust can ignite.
Wood dust exposures and cancer of the colon.
Wood dust fills the air.
Wood dust is used as an ingredient in many products.
Wood dusts can also cause serious lung problems very similar to pneumonia and fibrosis.
Some wood dusts can cause asthma as a specific allergic reaction.
Wood elf is elf.
Wood elves are the best choice ability wise.
Wood Elves differ from the other elves in sacrificing armor for speed.
Wood Elves have the easiest time. .
All wood elves have the natural ability to hide and forage.
A wood engraving is an engraving
Wood engraving allows for greater detail and more delicate effects.
Wood engraving is a relief process involving the carving of lines on the end of a woodblock.
Wood engraving is somewhat similar.
Wood fence separates the house from the pasture.
A wood fern is a fern
Wood ferns are a smaller species.
Wood ferns are ferns.
Wood ferns grow from a creeping rhizome.
Wood ferns have leathery, dark green foliage.
Wood fiber is cellulose.
Wood fiber is digested by symbiotic flagellates in the gut.
Wood fiber is mostly cellulose, that is, very long sugar molecules.
Wood fiber is used more efficiently in osb.
Wood fiber is wood fiber.
Wood fibers are compressed in the hot-press when the boards are made.
Wood fibers contain complex hydrocarbon molecules.
Wood fibers turn into non-toxic dirt and enrich the soil as they decompose.
Some wood fibres function as storage cells.
Wood finish is a satin lustre.
Wood finish is original and the wood grain with black insets makes a nice contrast.
Wood finish matches our furniture.
Wood finishes benefit from an occasional waxing or polishing.
Wood finishes go from pale to dark, high-gloss to mellow.
Wood fire produces fire.
Wood floors are a lot easier to clean and to keep clean.
Wood floors are an option in today s homes.
Wood floors are best.
Wood floors are better for the health than carpet, but carpet is much more affordable.
Wood floors are difficult to beat for versatility and warmth.
Wood floors are easier to clean than rugs or carpets.
Wood floors are high maintenance in a home.
Wood floors are in, although there are many, many beautiful alternatives.
Wood floors are still popular and are easy to care for with the new urethane coatings.
Wood floors catch less dust and dirt than carpets.
Wood floors look realistic, and the stadium lights cast reflections in the polished wax floors.
Wood floors require a nearly dry mopping.
Most wood floors are oak, but other woods such as teak, cherry, pine and maple are also available.
Some wood floors remain.
Wood flooring has a higher insulation value than carpeting.
Wood flooring has character and elegance.
Wood flooring is a selling feature for a home.
Wood flooring is another way to add the natural beauty of timber to any environment.
Wood flooring is available in strips, planks and tiles, either solid or laminated.
Wood flooring is beautiful, but unfortunately gouges and scratches are really noticeable.
Wood flooring is considered an aesthetic plus to homes.
Wood flooring is either plainsawn, quartersawn or riftsawn.
Wood flooring is excluded.
Wood flooring is our biggest product.
Wood flooring is utilized in the atrium lobby and at the main escalator lobby on each floor.
Most wood flooring is derived from hardwood trees.
Wood flour is a finely ground wood cellulose.
Wood flour is a readily available resource that can be used as a filler in thermoplastic composites.
Wood flour is also a thickener.
Wood flour is currently the most common wood-derived filler used in the plastics industry.
Wood frame has silver brush strokes over black.
Wood frame is weak at the joints.
Wood frames are available in many sizes.
Wood frames are available in six different colors.
Wood frames are available, please call for info.
Wood frames are for Victorian pieces, outdoor scenes, religious pieces and serous stuff.
Wood frames are good natural insulators and allow the greatest flexibility in contours and shapes.
Wood frames are more expensive than aluminum and vinyl.
Wood frames are strong, but they're heavier than steel.
Wood frames can also absorb water and attract small bugs.
Wood frames can attract insects, and they give off gases that are harmful to the photograph.
Wood frames can vary considerably in cost, and special frames and prices are available by request.
Wood frames can withstand a great amount of wind, but they also have their limits.
Wood frames do require considerable maintenance in the form of periodic painting or staining.
Wood frames do require maintenance in the form of periodic staining or painting.
Wood frames provide the largest choice of colors, shapes and sizes.
All wood frame is pressure treated.
A wood frog is a toad
Wood frogs adapt to climates.
Wood frogs adapt to cold climates.
Wood frogs are an amphibian species of upland forests.
Wood frogs are ectotherms , and their body temperature closely tracks the outside air temperature .
Wood frogs are ectotherms, and their body temperature closely tracks the outside air temperature.
Wood frogs are one of the first frogs to begin the breeding season.
Wood frogs are poikilotherms and rely on the environment for heat.
Wood frogs are remarkable creatures.
Wood frogs are terrestrial except during the breeding season.
Wood frogs are true frogs.
Wood frogs begin their mating calls while there is snow on the ground and ice in the pools.
Wood frogs breed early in the spring, taking advantage of temporary wetlands.
Wood frogs breed explosively in spring ponds where resident males jostle with each other.
Wood frogs can live north of the Arctic Circle, surviving for weeks in a frozen limbo state.
Wood frogs quack.
Wood frogs tend to like forested ponds.
Wood frogs use water.
Most wood frogs adapt to climates.
Most wood frogs adapt to cold climates.
Most wood frogs use water.
Some wood frogs have components.
Some wood frogs remain in states.
Wood fuel is different.
Wood fuels are clean, renewable and can be produced in a sustainable manner.
Wood glue is designed to bond wood together.
Wood glue is located in cabinets.
Wood glue works quite well.
Any wood glue is suitable for use.
Wood grain creates a soft cat look.
Wood grain is available through several avenues.
Wood grain is grain
Wood grain is grain.
Wood grain is what most products made of alternative materials are striving to emulate.
Wood grain produces different surface textures and patterns in the flooring.
Wood grain rises into the enamel paint.
Wood grains are difficult to make consistent, however.
Wood grains run parallel for maximum resilience.
Wood heat continues to be used in areas where firewood is abundant.
Wood heat enhances the nation s energy independence.
Wood heat helps with the fuel bill.
Wood heat provides a cozy and warm atmosphere.
Wood heaters are okay if they are used properly.
Wood heaters have dampers that sometimes can be closed to block the air flow to the fire.
A wood horsetail is a horsetail
Wood horsetail has a very limited spore dispersal period, and spores are short-lived.
Wood industry includes wood working cardboard, parquet production, etc.
Wood Lake is a medium size lake with great fishing and trails for the snow mobile.
Wood Lake is known as one of the best fishing lakes in the Valley.
Wood Lake is still committed to the valuable, ancient tool of the lectionary, though.
Wood Lake provides no recreational activities.
Wood lanes can no longer stop the oil penetration even with the best finishes.
Wood lanes offer our bowlers the reaction they demand and receive.
Wood lanes tend to be the most consistent across a given center.
Wood lice are crustaceans that live in trees.
A wood lily is a bulbous plant
Wood lilies are also in bloom.
A wood mouse is a mouse
Wood mice are extremely common and are found in almost all habitats.
Wood mice eat seeds, green plants, fruits and animal foods.
Wood mice inhabit forests, grasslands, and cultivated fields.
Wood mouses are mammals.
Wood mouses are mouses.
Wood mouses are rodents.
Most wood mice live in underground burrows.
Wood mushrooms occur in habitats.
Most wood mushrooms occur in habitats.
A wood nettle is a nettle
Wood nettle is a plant of moist woods that grows in vast patches.
Wood nettle is the alternate host.
Wood panelling is throughout the building.
Wood peckers make their homes in the large cactuses.
Wood pellets are a clean burning renewable resource.
Wood people excel or have trouble in planning, decisions, and action.
A wood pigeon is a pigeon
Wood pigeons are pigeons.
Wood pigeons cease soaring, nervous fantails disappear.
Wood pigeons have a varied diet which includes vegetables and berries.
Wood pigeons have diets.
Wood pigeons have vary diets.
Wood pigeons roost on telephone wires.
Wood pigeons seem to have a preference for trees near roadways and rivers.
Wood pigeons swoop from branch to branch, their wings ponderously beating the air.
Most wood pigeons have diets.
Wood piles add nice touch.
Wood piles harbor harmful pests such as carpenter ants and spiders.
Wood planks are one complete piece of solid wood from top to bottom.
Wood polish can also cause severe skin irritation.
Most wood polishes contain phenol which causes cancer in animals.
Most wood polishes contain phenol which causes cancer In animals.
Most wood polishes contain phenol, which causes cancer in lab animals.
Wood preservation means the preservation of wood using heat or pressure treatment, or both.
Wood preservative gives superior protection against termites and decay.
Wood preservatives can be injurious to people, animals, and plants.
Wood preservatives covers a wide range of products.
Wood preservatives help guard against decay.
Wood preservatives protect wood from decay, insects and fungus.
Wood processing is one of Oregon's most important manufacturing activities.
Wood processing is the downstream part of forestry.
Wood products add organic materials to the footing which keeps footing alive, springy.
Wood products are bad.
Wood products are frequently high in calcium and potassium that are used as fluxes.
Wood products are important for export.
Wood products are one of the most economically important natural resources.
Wood products are the most common.
Wood products can tie up nitrogen in the soil.
Wood products come from a resource that grows, matures and is replanted for future generations.
Wood products have a tendency to eventually warp when exposed to the elements.
All wood products expand when they get wet.
Most wood products serve mature markets.
Some wood products require energy.
Some wood products require less energy.
Some wood products require much energy.
Some wood products require much less energy.
Wood pulp is added by paper makers.
Wood pulp is another popular fiber in paper manufacture.
Wood pulp is mixed with water and cooked into something that resembles oatmeal.
Wood pulp is pulp
Wood pulp is pulp.
Wood pulp is the material from which the majority of the world's current papers are made.
Wood pulp is the raw material from which paper is made.
Most wood pulp is bleached using chlorine, which produces dioxins as a by-product.
Wood putty fleshes out nostrils as if a breath has been freshly drawn.
A wood rat is a mammal
Wood rats are nocturnal and feed on a wide variety of plants.
Wood rats are pale buff, gray or reddish brown, usually with white undersides and feet.
Wood rats are pale buff, gray, or reddish brown, with white undersides and feet.
Wood rats are rodents.
Wood rats eat crops.
Wood rats have big eyes and ears and make large, unkempt nests.
Wood rats pick up material for their nests while foraging and carry it to the homesite.
Most wood rats eat crops.
Some wood rats live in trees.
Wood River offers fine fishing that can be accessed from the park by canoe.
Wood roaches live mainly outdoors where that are scavengers of decaying plant and animal materials.
Wood rot is another item to watch.
Wood rot is caused by extensive exposure to moisture.
Wood rotters belong to phyla.
Wood screws are commonly available with flat, pan or oval-heads.
Wood screws can pull out, bend, and break.
Wood screws secure the heavy woofers.
Wood screws seem to have been common articles by the mid-sixteenth century.
Wood screws work OK as do deck screws.
Wood sealer is applied to the outside to prevent warping, and removable trays slide on wood runners.
Wood shavings are another alternative that are inexpensive and easy to clean.
Wood shavings are best, because they are absorbent and nontoxic.
Wood shavings are fine for litter once they are a few weeks old.
Wood shavings are generally fine for hamsters.
Wood shavings are more absorbent and keep down odors.
Wood shavings are more visually appealing.
Wood shavings make excellent nesting material.
Wood shavings make superior horse bedding.
Wood shavings work the best They can be used with adults and babys alike.
Wood shingles are machine sawn smooth on both sides.
Wood shop builds beautiful models.
Wood siding is a traditional siding for homes.
Wood siding is apt to rot if covered with vines.
Wood siding is available.
Wood siding is easy but requires patience.
Wood siding is still a popular and very aesthetic alternative in home construction.
Wood siding requires some maintenance and regular painting.
Wood smoke attacks our body cells up to forty times longer than tobacco smoke.
Wood smoke can be harmful when it is inhaled by humans.
Wood smoke can cause irritations of the nose, throat and sinuses.
Wood smoke can damage sperm and cause birth defects.
Wood smoke can often trigger allergic symptoms.
Wood smoke contains approximately two hundred compounds, some of which are carcinogenic.
Wood smoke contains both particles and gases.
Wood smoke contains formaldehyde and hydrocarbons.
Wood smoke contains hundreds of chemicals. .
Wood smoke contains many gases and chemicals including many carcinogens.
Wood smoke contains many organic compounds known to cause cancer as well as other toxic compounds.
Wood smoke flavours the air with the aroma of grilled meat.
Wood smoke indicates fires are still burning along the west edge of the west flow.
Wood smoke is a problem for children and adults with asthma and allergies.
Wood smoke is caused by the incomplete combustion of wood.
Wood smoke is more carcinogenic than equal volumes of secondhand tobacco smoke.
Wood smoke is pervasive.
Wood smoke is the number one air pollution problem in residential areas during the fall and winter.
Wood smoke is visible and fuel-oil furnaces provide a telltale whiff of sulfur to the nose.
Wood smoke tends to blow away before it annoys anybody.
A wood sorrel is a herb
Wood sorrel is less acid than field sorrel.
Wood species has a significant impact.
All wood species are available.
Many wood species can be pressure treated for durability.
Some wood species come from destructive forestry practices.
Wood stain is recycled.
Wood stains come in a wide variety of colors and formulas.
Wood stains come in many colors and types.
Wood stains provide little repelling action.
Wood stains Take a look at all of our wood stain brands.
Wood stock is great .
A wood stork is an ibis
Wood storks are big eaters and during the breeding season require huge amounts of food.
Wood storks are big eaters.
Wood storks are birds.
Wood storks are distributed from South Carolina to southern South America.
Wood storks are interesting to watch.
Wood storks are occasional.
Wood storks are social animals.
Wood storks are some of the largest wading birds inhabiting South Carolina.
Wood storks are storks.
Wood storks are tall, white denizens of freshwater or brackish wetlands and swamps.
Wood storks are the only stork in North America.
Wood storks are wetland birds.
Wood storks breeding in the United States are at the northern end of the species' range.
Wood storks capture prey.
Wood storks eat fish.
Wood storks eat small fish.
Wood storks have long, skinny legs and a long, curved beak.
Wood storks have techniques.
Wood storks like to roost and feed together.
Wood Storks look stiff and clumsy on the ground but are stately and graceful in the air.
Wood storks make noise.
Wood storks make their nests in the tops of tall trees, and they live in colonies.
Wood storks stop for nourishment.
Wood storks use the massive beak as their source of food gathering.
Wood storks wander widely during the fall and winter.
Most wood storks capture prey.
Most wood storks eat fish.
Most wood storks eat small fish.
Most wood storks have techniques.
Most wood storks make noise.
Wood stove insert heat source is vented throughout.
Wood stove provides country-style warmth in the winter.
Wood stove stays.
Wood stoves are available with anti-pollution devices.
Wood stoves are popular for their cooking ability and because they double as a heating source.
Wood stoves are very popular in rural areas.
Wood stoves burn warm as toast.
Wood stoves provide backup heat if necessary.
Wood stoves provide heat to take the chill off the cool fall nights.
Wood stoves provide heat when needed.
Wood tar is microbicidal .
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor .
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor.
Wood tar is natural resin
A wood thrush is a thrush
Wood Thrushes are significantly less abundant in fragmented areas bordered by roads and power lines.
Wood thrushes bring sound of summer.
Wood Thrushes lead one of two lifestyles while on their wintering grounds.
Wood thrushs are birds.
Wood thrushs are thrushs.
A wood tick is a tick
Wood ticks are dark colored insects found in wooded areas, brush, and fields.
Wood ticks are hard ticks.
Wood ticks are most likely to be found in open areas with tall grass or brush.
Wood ticks are very abundant.
Wood ticks can carry diseases, like any biting insects but are less of a threat.
Wood ticks require a blood meal from three different hosts to complete their development.
Wood trim abounds in the cockpit.
Wood trim decorates part of the tower and adds a unique touch to the gothic-looking light station.
Wood trim is offered on loop arms and bases, to coordinate with wood casegoods or worksurfaces.
Wood trim lines the dash and doors.
Wood trim surrounds the stereo and climate controls, which are uncluttered and ergonomically sound.
Wood trim surrounds the well-appointed analog instrument panel as well as the armrest switch plates.
Wood trims can rot or deteriorate quickly due to moisture and insect infestation.
All wood trim is finished with stain and varnish.
Wood turners use the microwave for drying bowls.
Wood turtles are even better in learning how to navigate through mazes than white rats.
Wood turtles are good climbers.
Wood turtles are reptiles.
Wood turtles are turtles.
Wood turtles are wide ranging and use surrounding upland habitats.
Wood turtles feed on aquatic insects and tadpoles found along slow-moving streams.
Some wood turtles live to ages.
Some wood turtles reach maturity.
Some wood turtles reach sexual maturity.
Some wood turtles return to streams.
Wood vessels are the chief water-conducting elements of angiosperms.
Wood Village is staffed by people who have dedicated their lives to caring for others.
Wood wasps are around an inch long, and mostly black.
Wood work is beautiful.
All wood worms look forward each year to the easter fires, when the humans burn christmas trees.
Wood absorbs odor.
Wood absorbs or gives off moisture depending on the ambient moisture in the air.
Wood absorbs tensions and responsively expands and contracts with the seasons.
Wood absorbs water and urine, making good sanitation difficult.
Wood absorbs water.
Wood acts very much like a sponge.
Wood adapts very quickly to ambient conditions.
Wood adapts well to gradual seasonal changes.
Wood adds a sardonic note.
Wood adds that mixing it up can have real fitness payoffs.
Wood adds that they are scrambling to work under ever-changing pressures.
Wood adds warmth to our lives.
Wood ages nicer than metal, both in cameras and tripods.
Wood aging develops a dry, nutty character and a golden color.
Wood aging times are also subject to other factors.
Wood agrees that the two CDs have their similarities.
Wood aims for a computer animation career.
Wood allows young hitters to swing at pitches they can hit and learn the strike zone.
Wood also adorns door panels, steering wheel and floor shifter grip.
Wood also can conduct electricity when it is wet.
Wood also is an important industrial fuel.
Wood also is fairly lightweight and attractive, but decomposes in time.
Wood also is of use to a fire investigator.
Wood also is used in major elements such as framing, siding, and shingles.
Wood also offers an opportunity to address environmental concerns.
Wood also works well to build patterns.
Wood appears to often be the most preferred substrate in preference tests.
Wood appears to shimmer when moved.
Wood architectures in response to particular climates.
Wood are before all health unless beat betting online.
Wood argues the negatives of indoor tanning outweigh the positives.
Wood attacked by termites has channels or passages coated with an earth-like material.
Wood attains a more comfortable sitting temperature more quickly than tile.
Wood becomes worn, sculpted, patterned and coloured by the wind, sun, sea and sand.
Wood begins play in a weekend tournament in Bakersfield today.
Wood believes the art of command is essentially pragmatic and highly personalized.
Wood believes the cost savings of moving off mainframes are widely misunderstood.
Wood believes the new ReplayTV boxes are just the start of a digital-video revolution.
Wood binding choices include walnut, rosewood, maple and koa.
Wood blames the media for emphasizing the negative.
Wood blinds throughout and private office off of the kitchen.
Wood blinds with designer tapes.
Wood bonfires on festive occasions.
Wood boring isopods feed upon and damage prop roots.
Wood breaks the stereotype of pitchers with weak bats.
Wood builds strength while perfecting the skill of hitting.
Wood buried in such marshes is almost immune to rot.
Wood burning appliances are a subject of expanding use and concern due to rising energy costs.
Wood burning brick fireplaces in our two parlors lend a warm glow to winter gatherings.
Wood burning emits certain chemical compounds known as dioxins.
Wood burning fireplace adds to the hominess that family and friends can enjoy.
Wood burning fireplaces and stoves also produce large amounts of carbon monoxide.
Wood burning fireplaces and whirlpools in most guestrooms assure a romantic and comfortable stay.
Wood burning fireplaces, patios and cozy sleeping lofts offer all the comforts of home.
Wood burning heating systems, in particular, require careful monitoring and skillful operation.
Wood burning mountain stone fireplaces provide a warm, cozy atmosphere.
Wood burning stoves contribute to the warm atmosphere.
Wood burns efficiently in fireplaces, providing a feeling of warmth and love.
Wood burns in three stages.
Wood can also be light, making a large room seem smaller and cozy.
Wood can also create a visual focal point by dominating a small area.
Wood can be a costly curb choice.
Wood can be a real hazard, it's slippery when wet.
Wood can be low maintenance.
Wood can be out of balance in the form of anger when obstacles are in the way.
Wood can be places on top and sides.
Wood can be wet, full of nails, or old and weathered.
Wood can become slippery when wet.
Wood can behave very strangely.
Wood can best handle temperature and relative humidity changes if they occur gradually.
Wood can burn, rot, splinter, stain, and break.
Wood can burn.
Wood can drift for weeks before washing up on the wild East Coast of Bonaire.
Wood can get termites requiring massive repairs and costly maintenance.
Wood can have a very long life when continuously immersed in water.
Wood can last a lifetime with proper maintenance.
Wood can lose so much moisture that it becomes brittle.
Wood can overcome earth by depleting the minerals and nutrients which make it fertile.
Wood can provide excellent cover for bass.
Wood can rot out and is slippery when wet.
Wood can serve as physical evidence for structure.
Wood can suffer damage when exposed to the action of sunlight and water.
Wood can talk theory and from experience.
Wood captures the essence of the tree.
Wood carries bugs.
Wood carry upon meanwhile off no wheat.
Wood carved objects are famous in the area and range from inexpensive to very.
Wood ceilings over a full kitchen and dining room with slider onto the deck.
Wood ceilings throughout.
Wood ceilings to the first floor rooms.
Wood changes dimension as it gains or loses moisture below that point.
Wood changes dimensions as it gains or loses moisture below that point.
Wood chooses the latter.
Wood combines the talents of a literary academic with the verve and imagination of a novelist.
Wood combines with oxygen in the atmosphere, undergoing combustion.
Wood comes from a musical family.
Wood comes from plants so everything made from wood has used water.
Wood comes from the mainland and North America.
Wood comes from trees, which are, of course, plants.
Wood comes from trees.
Wood comes from trees.
Wood comes in a bewildering variety of species, each with unique properties.
Wood comes in many different kinds.
Wood compares exhibit planning to preparing for a stage show performance.
Wood concedes tanning is preferable to burning.
Wood consists largely of cellulose, a macromolecule which is a highly improbable assembly of atoms.
Wood consists mostly of primary xylem.
Wood consists of cellulose fibers bound in lignin , a complex polymer.
Wood consists of maple, cherry and popular.
Wood consists of mixed woods that are unsplit and at random lengths.
Wood consists of two distinct fuels.
Wood contains a heat stable antibiotic useful as a food preservative.
Wood contains acids, and acids are bad for fabric.
Wood contains cellulose.
Wood contains natural antibiotic agents that retard bacterial growth.
Wood contains only a negligible amount of sulphur, an element that leads to acid rain.
Wood contains substances.
Wood contains sugars that bacteria and fungi feed on.
Wood continues west to the frontier between the Mayan and Aztec worlds.
Wood controls Earth.
Wood crates and pallets.
Wood crates serve as breakable obstacles and look like the real thing.
Wood crates, reusable containers, show crates, wood boxes serving southern california.
Wood crows and pickerlings hopped across the naked soil.
Wood cutting on public lands requires a permit.
Wood damaged by carpenter ants contains galleries that are very clean and smooth.
Wood damaged by termites has galleries that tend to run with the grain.
Wood describes community support for the study as overwhelming.
Wood describes what happened next.
Wood destroying fungi require a food source, oxygen and favorable temperature in order to survive.
Wood destroying insects do a tremendous amount of damage to wood structures.
Wood destroys Earth.
Wood deteriorates rapidly.
Wood diminishes Earth .
Wood discusses tourism beyond just a simplified tourist and host relationship.
Wood does a lot of program work through associations and the use of demonstrations.
Wood does give good suggestions for default settings, but no means of determining problems.
Wood does have grains in it, and it is still beautiful.
Wood does require maintenance, but it is often the most attractive.
Wood drains the Earth of all it s goodness, therefore creating a draining effect.
Wood dries rapidly when the heat is first turned on.
Wood dries rapidly with no checking and only slight warping.
Wood ducks frequent woods along streams or flooded timber.
Wood easily slides in vertically for strength and a european look.
Wood edges, fencerows, thickets.
Wood edges, orchards, shade trees.
Wood edges, thickets, meadows, and roadsides.
Wood embedded in concrete is a great pathway for termites to enter a house.
Wood emends to craving .
Wood emends to dowplait .
Wood endorses green pricing as a tool to integrate renewable resources into the Texas energy mix.
Wood ends the letter by suggesting the two sides sit down to discuss the matter.
Wood engravings from ca.
Wood exhibits good acoustic properties.
Wood expands and contracts across the grain significantly more than lengthwise with the grain.
Wood expands and contracts depending on the humidity in the air.
Wood expands and contracts with changes in temperature and humidity.
Wood expands when it's wet.
Wood expects an integration of fields that are viewed today as independent technologies.
Wood expects prices to fall from here on, and financial markets in Asia and elsewhere to rally.
Wood experiences decay.
Wood experiences fungal decay.
Wood faces charges of conspiracy and unlawful delivery of marijuana.
Wood faces Napa Monday in a rain make-up, but first up are the Bulldogs.
Wood falls somewhere in between.
Wood features inappropriately stripped of traditional painted finish.
Wood features on porch repaired and preserved during rehabilitation.
Wood feeds fire, so wood gifts are very good, also.
Wood feels warm, or normal, while metal usually feels cold.
Wood fencing along property lines provides pathways for fire to race through a neighborhood.
Wood Find out which wood is right for the job and how to select it.
Wood finishes three strokes back and Shute finishes six behind.
Wood finishing products also contain many hazardous components.
Wood floats because the internal pressure of the water is higher than that of the wood.
Wood floats in water, helium floats in air, oil floats on water, a penny floats on mercury.
Wood floats in water.
Wood flooring with spring to it is best.
Wood focuses attention onto experimentation with sound punctuated with savvy, narrative lyrics.
Wood formed at the base of limbs or in forks is usually difficult to break apart.
Wood formed in spring is thin walled and primarily made for sufficient water supply.
Wood forms the circulatory and support system in trees.
Wood framing inside supports the styrene skin.
Wood frogs audible in a neighbor's pond.
Wood fulfils all the technical demands made on a modem building material.
Wood furnishes badly needed fuel and building material in some areas.
Wood generally bends well.
Wood gets up in the middle of the night for feedings.
Wood gives up seven hits and, in the third, walks four in a row.
Wood goes to a processing plant and is made into new boards.
Wood goes to Hogan.
Wood grown in sunlight is better than wood grown in shade.
Wood grows on continually and is available in times of crisis.
Wood grows upwards, enduring.
Wood gunwales only.
Wood handle adjusts to different angles.
Wood handle allows cool handling.
Wood handle and cane with a lacquered finish and brass fittings.
Wood handle and cane with brass fitting.
Wood handle with a colorful design, and leather sheaf.
Wood handle with a partial leather wrapping.
Wood handle with an inserted chert blade.
Wood handle with antique bronze finish.
Wood handle with Black cushioned hand grip.
Wood handle with black onyx stone implement tamping disk.
Wood handle with brass guard and pommel.
Wood handle with brass shell guard.
Wood handle with clear plexiglass bottom.
Wood handle with fancy finished trim.
Wood handle with metal hand hold.
Wood handle with pewter finish.
Wood handle with pointed pommel.
Wood handle with sculptured brass guard and pommel.
Wood handle with steel hand guard and pommel.
Wood handle with suede leather hand holds.
Wood Handles most people can improvise.
Wood has a clear finish.
Wood has a comparatively low heat content per unit of mass and collection involves a lot of labor.
Wood has a different feeling than leather.
Wood has a few dings but no serious damage.
Wood has a high maintenance and as it gets older, the interior gets rougher.
Wood has a huge variety of uses, of course, but none more subtle and complex than as a music-maker.
Wood has a limited shelf life.
Wood has a long history of support for conserving and restoring our natural resources.
Wood has a low ash content.
Wood has a natural beauty.
Wood has a natural tendency to warp, twist, split, etc.
Wood has a new design on the drawing board.
Wood has a special gift for heartwarming comedy.
Wood has a spirit and a natural gesture within it.
Wood has a stress crack forward of lock, but is as untouched and honest as they come.
Wood has a strong record in supporting a woman's right to reproductive choice.
Wood has an excellent strength to weight ratio and stiffness to weight ratio comparable to metals.
Wood has cancer, too.
Wood has cell structures.
Wood has cellulose.
Wood has colon cancer.
Wood has color, too.
Wood has dense cell structures.
Wood has dense structures.
Wood has density.
Wood has difficulty in achieving a tight seal.
Wood has excellent weathering characteristics.
Wood has fairly poor water resistance.
Wood has good points and bad.
Wood has grain and color variations due to the growth pattern of each tree.
Wood has grain and color variations from the growth patterns of each tree.
Wood has integrity.
Wood has lasting value.
Wood has less friction, and is easier to control when learning loops, shoot the moon, etc.
Wood has little finish but otherwise fine.
Wood has little patience for that mindset.
Wood has lower density.
Wood has many desirable properties.
Wood has more of an innate design already there.
Wood has no illusions about some customers' intentions.
Wood has one assist for one point on the year.
Wood has one goal and one assist for three points on the year.
Wood has one surface crack right behind the lock plate, but is solid overall.
Wood has one young child in day care and one in elementary school.
Wood has poor durability and is prone to mold and stain.
Wood has poor heating power.
Wood has purposes.
Wood has resistance.
Wood has some superior properties including antiseptic, mechanically yielding, and natural.
Wood has structures.
Wood has superior dampening characteristics.
Wood has texture.
Wood has the lowest embodied energy out of all of the most common construction materials.
Wood has the normal nicks and dings common with guns that had battlefield use.
Wood has the raw fiddle playing talent to surge to the top.
Wood has three dimensions, width, length, thickness.
Wood has to be cut to be used in a wood-burning stove.
Wood has to be dried at a very slow rate and at a low temperature.
Wood has to be hauled and stored.
Wood has to be pushed through the blade in order to cut.
Wood has to be seasoned before it's burned.
Wood has variable degrees of natural resistance to decay.
Wood has warmth, depth, and often people speak of wood stocks as if they are alive.
Wood hates mistakes.
Wood heads a team of just eight people.
Wood helps burning, but in the meantime it loses energy.
Wood helps the city dole out funds to non-profits.
Wood holds important roles in the region and the state.
Wood identifies a special category of fixed costs that are relatively independent of capacity.
Wood imparts an aesthetic look and feel that no man-made substance can quite replicate.
Wood involves the aspects of germination, extension, softness and harmony.
Wood is a better insulator than metal.
Wood is a better synthetic vibrator of music.
Wood is a biomass fuel.
Wood is a building material.
Wood is a common example.
Wood is a completely competitive material also for building bridges.
Wood is a complex mixture of cellulose, organic chemicals and water.
Wood is a composite material made from lignin and cellulose.
Wood is a continuous product.
Wood is a dominant feature in the remodeled church.
Wood is a durable, light-weight, easily worked, waterproof material and fiber source.
Wood is a dynamic medium.
Wood is a familiar material, readily available, workable with common tools.
Wood is a fascinating material, creating woodcuts always a unique adventure.
Wood is a fine building material in terms of strength and weight.
Wood is a finite resource.
Wood is a foil for high-tech equipment, and black accents in carpeting and desk chairs add vibrancy.
Wood is a form of biomass and burning wood is an example of biomass energy.
Wood is a former English teacher who made career leaps to publishing and later to television.
Wood is a friendly material.
Wood is a glutton for punishment.
Wood is a good choice for a seismic area because it flexes.
Wood is a good choice for any bird, it exercises the beak.
Wood is a good example of a common material for which fire performance is difficult to predict.
Wood is a good example.
Wood is a good insulator, and if covered with thin sheet metal makes a very sturdy unit.
Wood is a good insulator, as well as fibreglass, or vinyl when reinforced with wood.
Wood is a good insulator.
Wood is a grinder with a share of the lead.
Wood is a highly heterogeneous material containing interfaces and long cylindrical pores.
Wood is a hygroscopic material.
Wood is a legit number one starter.
Wood is a likely target for insects, splitting, distorting, bruising or breaking.
Wood is a living substance and can dry out, especially in centrally heated homes.
Wood is a material that's never the same.
Wood is a material
Wood is a more environmentally sensitive building material than steel.
Wood is a more sustainable energy source than fossil fuels.
Wood is a music major with a principal emphasis in piano and secondary emphasis in voice.
Wood is a natural composite material, nature's equivalent of fiberglass and carbon fiber composites.
Wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin.
Wood is a natural filter of vibrations.
Wood is a natural food source for certain types of fungus and spora.
Wood is a natural insulator.
Wood is a natural material with good insulating properties.
Wood is a natural product and every piece is unique.
Wood is a natural product that is renewable, reusable and recyclable.
Wood is a natural product, is aesthetically pleasing, flexible in design, and structurally sound.
Wood is a natural resource, renewable and recyclable.
Wood is a natural, organic material that can easily be recycled.
Wood is a natural, organic material, and it reacts, often quite frustratingly, to being wetted.
Wood is a non-living thing.
Wood is a noun' which is the material a tree is mostly composed of.
Wood is a pleasant thing to think about.
Wood is a plentiful and economical building material that comes from a renewable source.
Wood is a plentiful, economical, and renewable resource.
Wood is a poor conductor due to high resistance.
Wood is a poor material for animal houses because it is susceptible to chewing and rot.
Wood is a relatively easy material to work with.
Wood is a relatively good insulator because of the air spaces it contains.
Wood is a renewable and most versatile construction material.
Wood is a renewable material.
Wood is a renewable natural resource and is completely recyclable.
Wood is a renewable resource and is likely to be in growing demand as world population increases.
Wood is a renewable resource because more trees can be grown to make more wood.
Wood is a renewable resource that has a very positive impact on the carbon footprint.
Wood is a renewable resource that is energy efficient and reusable.
Wood is a renewable resource, but has historically been abused.
Wood is a renewable resource.
Wood is a renewable source of energy that can supplement conventional fossil fuels for home heating.
Wood is a renewable, available source of energy.
Wood is a replaceable source of fibre.
Wood is a residence assistant and was getting set up before the rest of the residents arrive.
Wood is a scarce resource that provides wildlife habitat and contributes to nutrient cycling.
Wood is a specialist in slavery in the American South.
Wood is a stud.
Wood is a traditional and beautiful expression of the grip makers art.
Wood is a truly remarkable material.
Wood is a very common material for building.
Wood is a very porous material that absorbs odors from the air.
Wood is a very satisfactory material, being easy to work with and less noisy than other materials.
Wood is a very small part of the market now.
Wood is a welcome refresher course in the pleasures of heart-pounding rock.
Wood is a wonderful material for boatbuilding.
Wood is a wonderful material to craft with.
Wood is a writer in Nashville.
Wood is accessible, alive, and functional.
Wood is accumulated secondary xylem.
Wood is active, capable of growth and combustion, which is yang.
Wood is alive.
Wood is all for new sounds.
Wood is all there with no gouges etc.
Wood is also a porous material, being comprised of long slender cells.
Wood is also a prize-winning art historian.
Wood is also a renewable source of fuel.
Wood is also a savvy surplus scrounger.
Wood is also an insolator.
Wood is also an option, but wood gutters are rare, except for restoration work.
Wood is also cheaper than tile.
Wood is also easy to work, resistant to destructive fungi and insect pests.
Wood is also highly susceptible to damage from post-depositional processes.
Wood is also more flexible in terms of the size and shape of the target.
Wood is also one of the few building materials that is renewable.
Wood is also renewable.
Wood is also susceptible to damage and swelling from moisture.
Wood is also the centerpiece of building and craftsmanship.
Wood is always the best way to go.
Wood is amazingly resilient, actually, and can even acclimatize over time.
Wood is among Tennessee's five top agricultural crops.
Wood is an accumulation of secondary xylem.
Wood is an anisotropic material with respect to shrinkage characteristics.
Wood is an economically competitive, ecologically sound and sustainable building material.
Wood is an example of a plant conductive tissue, vascular tissue.
Wood is an excellent material from environmental point of view.
Wood is an expert in alternative fuels and energy conservation.
Wood is an extremely polyvalent material.
Wood is an inhomogenous, nonisotropic material composed of high molecular weight natural polymers.
Wood is an insulator.
Wood is an organic substance composed of cells.
Wood is another form of cellulose .
Wood is another of the new filters and really self-explanatory.
Wood is another possibility as well as polymers and other heat-resistant plastics.
Wood is another.
Wood is applied to wood for a deeper three dimensional appearance.
Wood is associated with sour.
Wood is available for fires.
Wood is available for purchase.
Wood is available in satin or glossy finish.
Wood is available in the wood box north of the shelter.
Wood is available in the wood box west of the parking lot.
Wood is available to be purchased for making fires.
Wood is awesome.
Wood is back.
Wood is basically a differently assembled form of cellulose.
Wood is beautiful, strong, natural, renewable, recyclable, energy efficient and easy to use.
Wood is beautiful, warm, and quite utilitarian , as well.
Wood is beautiful.
Wood is beautifully polished, and slightly darker than it appears in the picture.
Wood is best as they are absorbent and good insulators for the worms.
Wood is big on writing letters.
Wood is biodegradable.
Wood is both crooked and straight.
Wood is brittle.
Wood is building materials.
Wood is butternut in original finish.
Wood is by far the raw material used in the greatest quantity in the U.S. today.
Wood is capable of burns.
Wood is capable of composteds.
Wood is capable of sandeds.
Wood is capable of warp.
Wood is carefully graded and selected for each application to satisfy our uncompromising quality.
Wood is certain of the 'rightness' of the Protestant cause.
Wood is certainly in a good position to know.
Wood is certainly the nicest aesthetically but worst for aging.
Wood is charged with aggravated assault and bringing a weapon onto school property.
Wood is cheap and fast, which is why it always appears in glass boats.
Wood is cheap and pretty strong in compression.
Wood is cheap And wine sincere outside the city gate.
Wood is chopped.
Wood is clean, original and sound.
Wood is close-grained, moderately heavy, moderately hard and moderately strong.
Wood is composed of cellulose fibers and lignin which is the glue that holds it together.
Wood is composed of many concentric circles of xylem.
Wood is composed primarily of cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin.
Wood is comprised of the cells of the xylem.
Wood is considered as excellent firewood.
Wood is considered one of the worst movie directors of all time .
Wood is considered one of the worst movie directors of all time.
Wood is crafted into both casual and formal styles.
Wood is crisp with only minor wear and two strong cartouhes.
Wood is currently in chronically short supply in all urban centres and even in rural areas.
Wood is cut for export, for furniture, plywood and veneers.
Wood is cut for firewood, charcoal, and building poles.
Wood is cut for heating.
Wood is cut to width and length and then glued into panels.
Wood is damp and rotting - but only in the corners where water probably collects somewhat.
Wood is dead trees.
Wood is deaf.
Wood is definitely more challenging than aluminum.
Wood is definitely there as well as plenty of substance.
Wood is delivered to the processing area and stock piled prior to grinding.
Wood is different.
Wood is diffuse porous, with indistinct grain pattern, although springwood is readily evident.
Wood is diffuse, porous with indistinct grain pattern.
Wood is diffuse, porous.
Wood is dimensionally stable when the moisture content is above the fiber saturation point.
Wood is distinctively yellow.
Wood is donated to the Chapter and is cut and sold to local's looking for firewood.
Wood is double cut and available to be picked up or delivered in bulk.
Wood is dried to a specific moisture content.
Wood is dry, appears to be a soft wood, and has some worm holes on the surface.
Wood is durable and resilient, and can be engineered for high strength to weight ratios.
Wood is easier and faster to construct, relatively inexpensive, and can last for years.
Wood is easier on knives but requires regular care in order to last.
Wood is easier to blend than most flooring materials.
Wood is easier to split when it is green.
Wood is easier to work and lighter.
Wood is easy to cut and easy to shape.
Wood is easy to do, and can look pretty neat with some work.
Wood is economical and structurally efficient.
Wood is edibles.
Wood is either cherry or walnut.
Wood is energy from the sun, stored by the tree as it grows.
Wood is everywhere.
Wood is exceedingly durable but pops too much for firewood.
Wood is excellent.
Wood is expensive.
Wood is extremely rare and important to the ecosystem.
Wood is fine as long as it is cleaned properly.
Wood is fine burl walnut with a few very light handling marks.
Wood is finished with a durable epoxy top-coat.
Wood is flat but very sound with crescent butt.
Wood is followed by fire.
Wood is for sale at the log cabin.
Wood is found in the tables, desks, chairs, shelves,wainscoting, exposed beams etc.
Wood is fuel.
Wood is generally less expensive than alternative sources of energy .
Wood is gildeds.
Wood is golf clubs.
Wood is good for indoors and dry climates.
Wood is good minus.
Wood is good.
Wood is graded and priced on colour consistency.
Wood is grateful to be part of team that prays and reads scripture before matches.
Wood is great, but cardboard is a good second.
Wood is guaranteed a share of the league championship.
Wood is happy with the results.
Wood is hard and durable underground, used for wooden plows and for pegs.
Wood is hard and light and can be fashioned into almost any shape.
Wood is hard and smooth and is used for golf club heads.
Wood is hard, grows fast and repels termites.
Wood is hard, heavy and dense, and valued for carving.
Wood is hard, heavy, straight-grained and easy to work.
Wood is hard, heavy.
Wood is hard, yellow brown with dark heartwood.
Wood is heavy and moderately durable but in contact with ground it decays in about two years.
Wood is heavy and rots from the inside out.
Wood is heavy, and there's a lot of it.
Wood is heavy, strong, hard, and durable.
Wood is highly supportive of competition between electric suppliers.
Wood is honest.
Wood is important as building material, as fuel, and as a raw material for paper and chemicals.
Wood is in excellent condition.
Wood is in short supply on the plateau where most yak live.
Wood is in the midst of some kind of erotic-spiritual crisis.
Wood is in town today.
Wood is inlayed with polished coating, legs are black metal.
Wood is key to Chicago's future.
Wood is labour-intensive to prepare and stack.
Wood is largely cellulose and lignin , while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose .
Wood is largely cellulose and lignin, while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose.
Wood is largely cellulose while cotton and paper are almost pure cellulose.
Wood is largely xylem.
Wood is lashed together with rawhide and covered with colored leather and metal ornaments.
Wood is left-handed, and lefties usually throw off even the most experienced boxers.
Wood is less energy intensive than all three competing materials.
Wood is light and strong, pliant yet remarkably stiff.
Wood is light weight, less durable and small in size due to short and crooked trunk.
Wood is light yellow or brown with a thick, cream-colored sapwood.
Wood is light, but weak, with limited uses.
Wood is light, so it is suitable for masks and other objects meant to be carried.
Wood is light, soft and weak.
Wood is light, strong and stiff yet flexible and resilient.
Wood is lighter, of course.
Wood is located in boats.
Wood is located in carpets.
Wood is located in countries.
Wood is located in desks.
Wood is located in fire.
Wood is located in hardware stores.
Wood is located in parks.
Wood is located in rural areas.
Wood is located in synagogues.
Wood is located in trees.
Wood is lustrous.
Wood is made of much cellulose and some lignin.
Wood is made of trees.
Wood is made of xylem.
Wood is made up of lots of cellulose which is very long chains of polymers.
Wood is made up of small cellulose fibers, bound together by a glue-like substance called lignin.
Wood is major product in our everyday life.
Wood is maple veneer and legs and knobs are solid wood with silver finish.
Wood is marked out with a wing compass.
Wood is materials.
Wood is moderately soft but has good strength qualities.
Wood is moderately soft, moderately light, weak and close-grained.
Wood is moderately valuable for light construction.
Wood is more flexible from a design stand point.
Wood is more of an insulator than a conductor in general.
Wood is more pleasing to hold and play on than plastic.
Wood is more plentiful and the hot spring can get quite busy in late summer.
Wood is more sensitive to moisture than to heat, while the inverse is generally true for plastics.
Wood is more solid.
Wood is more than just a material.
Wood is more vulnerable to scratches, but is less likely to crack or chip.
Wood is most vulnerable to decay at the ground-line.
Wood is much like a sponge in that regard.
Wood is natural, it is a raw material found in great quantities all around the world.
Wood is natural, organic, renewable, nontoxic, recyclable and bio-degradable.
Wood is naturally beautiful and is easier on feet and legs than either tile or stone.
Wood is nature's most perfect resource.
Wood is nature's own composite.
Wood is nature's universal construction material.
Wood is New Yang.
Wood is New Zealand silverbeech.
Wood is next to stone an important foundation element.
Wood is nice for longer pieces.
Wood is no stranger to politics.
Wood is non-toxic.
Wood is now aircraft-grade aluminum and rawhide is now space age plastic.
Wood is odorless and tasteless.
Wood is of the highest quality in the world, and, like other materials, it's plentiful and cheap.
Wood is of very high quality.
Wood is often scarce or nonexistent outside river corridors.
Wood is often with tyloses.
Wood is often without tyloses.
Wood is on the verge of returning to the game.
Wood is one of Earth's most important resources.
Wood is one of mankind's oldest building materials.
Wood is one of nature's best insulators.
Wood is one of our most valuable materials.
Wood is one of our most valuable resources.
Wood is one of Switzerland's only raw materials.
Wood is one of the few materials that can construct itself.
Wood is one of the most durable and versatile building materials in the world.
Wood is one of the most important natural resources in the United States.
Wood is one of the most important North American raw materials.
Wood is one of the most widely-used building materials and the main source of paper in the world.
Wood is only one of many national resources that have been under attack.
Wood is only so strong.
Wood is only sustainable in terms of centuries.
Wood is only to be cut or gathered in areas specified on the permit.
Wood is opaque to visible light.
Wood is organic.
Wood is our most natural renewable resource .
Wood is painted with a coloured base paint and then an oil which is combed to look like wood grain.
Wood is pale yellow without distinction between heartwood and sapwood.
Wood is particularly subject to crushing perpendicularly to the grain.
Wood is particularly susceptible to the effects of light and heat.
Wood is perhaps the best example of a natural composite.
Wood is perishable and liable to ambrosia beetle and powder-post beetle attack.
Wood is perishable -organic.
Wood is permitted for existing equipment.
Wood is pessimistic.
Wood is plant materials.
Wood is plant tissue which was once alive.
Wood is pleasant to work with.
Wood is plentiful in Chile, and thus most of the furniture manufacture is of wood.
Wood is plentiful, and mud balls can also be used as a crafting replacement in many ways as well.
Wood is plentiful, so today, houses are made of logs.
Wood is plywood, mahogany, limewood and walnut.
Wood is portrayed in yellow and brown, stone in blue.
Wood is practical and easy.
Wood is predictable in fire.
Wood is preferable to metal or plastic, because it insulates better.
Wood is preferred because it is less noisy than fiberglass or aluminum.
Wood is present in the stems of trees and shrubs where it ensures support and conducts water.
Wood is preserved in the till deposits.
Wood is pretty easy to hack and patch.
Wood is prized for lumber and furniture.
Wood is prone to blue stain and requires rapid extraction and conversion.
Wood is provided for the outdoor fireplaces and wood stoves.
Wood is provided in season for the fireplaces.
Wood is provided to the properties having a wood stove or fireplace.
Wood is provided.
Wood is purchased from local sawmills and cut into posts and slats.
Wood is quiet.
Wood is radio stations.
Wood is rated as moderately resistant to preservative treatments.
Wood is readily available and inexpensive.
Wood is readily available.
Wood is ready.
Wood is real.
Wood is recommended for dog house construction.
Wood is recyclable, biodegradable and durable - sometimes lasting for centuries.
Wood is relished for itself, it needs no other supplements.
Wood is renewable and endless.
Wood is renewable resources.
Wood is renewable, recyclable and biodegradable.
Wood is renewable.
Wood is safer in low efficiency collectors.
Wood is said to be the mother of fire and the son of water.
Wood is scarce and burnt patches of earth are ugly.
Wood is scarce but just plentiful enough for the building of cars.
Wood is scarce near treeline and absent from the tundra.
Wood is scarce, but Forests are likely nearby.
Wood is scarce, please use it sparingly.
Wood is shipped to biomass plants and burned to generate electricity.
Wood is shock-resistant and very durable, generally outlasting synthetic materials.
Wood is shredded and then sold to companies to be used for energy.
Wood is simply outstanding.
Wood is single and resides in Georgetown.
Wood is so cool.
Wood is so scarce that fuel in winter is a serious problem.
Wood is so versatile and beautiful.
Wood is soft and lightweight with soft whitish roots.
Wood is solar energy transformed by photosynthesis into building material.
Wood is sold as sap and heart and random widths only.
Wood is sold by standard units of measurement.
Wood is sold in Lithuania and also exported to Germany, Sweden, Holland and Russia.
Wood is solid but relatively light which makes it easy to transport and handle.
Wood is solid fuel.
Wood is solid objects.
Wood is solids.
Wood is sound with lot's of original finish.
Wood is sound with obvious refinish of buttstock and chasing of checking, but forend left alone.
Wood is sound.
Wood is stacked on either side of the snowmobile.
Wood is stacked under the deck.
Wood is stained brown.
Wood is still cheaper than gas.
Wood is still the most common material in use, and it insulates reasonably well.
Wood is stored underneath the bench.
Wood is strengthened by water, creates fire and subdues earth yet is overcome by metal.
Wood is strong and durable, yet also flexible and versatile.
Wood is strong, hard and durable.
Wood is strong, lightweight, versatile, abundant, and renewable.
Wood is such a good insulator however that the sensation of cold was mild and short-lived.
Wood is supplied and the house is serviced.
Wood is supplied for braai purposes.
Wood is supplied for stove, donkey and braai area.
Wood is supplied for the donkey and braai area.
Wood is supplied.
Wood is susceptible to spontaneous combustion.
Wood is ten times stronger in the axial direction than in the radial or tangential directions.
Wood is termed a primary product, created by plants using solar energy.
Wood is the accumulation of secondary xylem.
Wood is the best building material.
Wood is the best fuel for a branding fire.
Wood is the best insulator of all structural building materials.
Wood is the best material for birdhouses.
Wood is the best material for nestboxes.
Wood is the best material to use for bird houses.
Wood is the best material to use.
Wood is the best quality.
Wood is the best when any acid, such as vinegar, is used in the ingredients to be stirred.
Wood is the best.
Wood is the choice for a sustainable future.
Wood is the choice for safe disposal.
Wood is the dominant material.
Wood is the element conquered by the self-metal.
Wood is the ideal energy-efficient building material.
Wood is the largest source of biomass energy.
Wood is the lightest of any of the outdoor flooring solutions.
Wood is the logical choice for our secondary heat source.
Wood is the major source of heat for cooking.
Wood is the material of choice for many structures.
Wood is the material of choice today for most kitchen cabinetry, and lighter shades are preferred.
Wood is the material used par excellence to create African masks.
Wood is the most common material for enclosed showers.
Wood is the most common source of fuel, although many different materials are used.
Wood is the most common used in home heating.
Wood is the most commonly used biomass fuel for heat and power.
Wood is the most coveted and widely used product to build our homes.
Wood is the most environmentally beneficial raw material the United States.
Wood is the most environmentally beneficial raw materials the United States has.
Wood is the most environmentally friendly resource on earth.
Wood is the most important natural resource of Finland .
Wood is the most important natural resource of Finland.
Wood is the most important renewable natural resource.
Wood is the most obvious commercial resource extracted from mountain forests.
Wood is the most plentiful selection for the frame.
Wood is the most reliable and available of fuels.
Wood is the most universal of worked materials.
Wood is the most widely used of all plant fuels.
Wood is the natural alternative.
Wood is the number one consumption of energy because it is so readily available.
Wood is the one product quickest to come to mind.
Wood is the only building material derived from a renewable resource.
Wood is the only construction material that is truly a renewable resource.
Wood is the only natural and renewable resource in the flooring industry.
Wood is the only natural renewable resource.
Wood is the only readily renewable natural resource and it is increasing in reserves every year.
Wood is the only renewable building material.
Wood is the only renewable natural material.
Wood is the other natural option.
Wood is the preferred fuel for cooking in much of the world.
Wood is the primary material which is used.
Wood is the primary source of fuel for much of the world.
Wood is the primary structural component in most cold frames.
Wood is the principal hazard on both runs.
Wood is the principal source of fuel now.
Wood is the principle material, but ivory, bones, tusks, bamboo, and various metals are also used.
Wood is the real cash crop.
Wood is the traditional fuel.
Wood is the traditional source for activated carbon which is sometimes called activated charcoal.
Wood is the traditional source for activated carbon, which is sometimes called activated charcoal.
Wood is the ultimate in lasting quality.
Wood is their food source.
Wood is there to finish high into the open net.
Wood is therefore more durable, and also much less expensive.
Wood is thrown in the pit and set on fire, which is then covered by rocks to hold the heat.
Wood is too good a pitcher for that kind of stuff.
Wood is traditional and sounds nice when the ball is struck properly.
Wood is trained in modern dance, and grew up with baton twirling and drill team routines.
Wood is truly a renewable fuel.
Wood is truly the sustainable resource.
Wood is typical of the water-containing materials.
Wood is unfinished New Zealand silverbeech.
Wood is unique among all building materials.
Wood is uniquely resilient, insulating, dampening and workable.
Wood is used and decorated as needed, screening the apartments from external surroundings.
Wood is used as a fuel for cooking and heating in stoves, fireplaces and barbecue grills.
Wood is used as fuel for cooking.
Wood is used at the base.
Wood is used because Japan has plenty of forests, and wood is cheap and easily available.
Wood is used extensively in other countries for electricity and heat production.
Wood is used for boats.
Wood is used for building materials.
Wood is used for buildings, furniture, paper, cardboard, musical instruments and sports equipment.
Wood is used for buildings.
Wood is used for burning.
Wood is used for butcher blocks, pulpwood, particleboard, and fiberboard.
Wood is used for campfires.
Wood is used for canoes, mortars, and pestles.
Wood is used for coffins, cooking at funerals and several other custom rituals.
Wood is used for construction of buildings or furniture, and also for art.
Wood is used for cooking usually outside.
Wood is used for deers.
Wood is used for fireplaces.
Wood is used for furniture, millwork, flooring, butcher blocks, and musical instruments.
Wood is used for hikings.
Wood is used for home heating and as an industrial fuel in Washington State.
Wood is used for houses.
Wood is used for making whiskey barrels and ships.
Wood is used for picture frames.
Wood is used for posts, beams, musical instruments and for firewood.
Wood is used for railroad ties, because the wood is rot resistant.
Wood is used for skis.
Wood is used for trees.
Wood is used for wood products.
Wood is used here to imitate stone and a purer, more studied classical line is coming into fashion.
Wood is used in the interior, but little on the exterior.
Wood is used rather than metal because it is both durable and cheaper to maintain than metal.
Wood is used throughout the home.
Wood is used throughout the new hospital to create a more soothing environment.
Wood is used to carve various items for household use as well as for ceremonial uses.
Wood is used to construct carts, farm implements, boats, dugout canoes and in shipbuilding.
Wood is used to construct subwoofer enclosures.
Wood is used to frame the entire building where the roof design dictates the form.
Wood is used to make everything from furniture to toys to paper.
Wood is used to make furniture, build houses, and make paper.
Wood is used to power cars as well as the heating in our homes, which provides heat, or raise steam.
Wood is usually the best choice.
Wood is utilized for the heating source.
Wood is valuable for lumber, veneer.
Wood is valuable.
Wood is variable.
Wood is versatile.
Wood is very forgiving when laser engraved.
Wood is very good for making pallets because it can hold a lot of weight.
Wood is very good or better and is tight and sound.
Wood is very hard and strong.
Wood is very hard to clean, but it can be periodically replaced in countries where it is plentiful.
Wood is very hard to cut, but it is also very strong.
Wood is very hardy, but the fruit buds are damaged by hard freezes.
Wood is very sensitive to changes in relative humidity.
Wood is very strong and used for tool handles, skis and wagon wheels.
Wood is VG with sharp dicing on the forestock and a sharp stock cartouche.
Wood is vulnerable to attack by decay fungi and termites, liable to blue stain.
Wood is vulnerable to attack by decay fungi, stain, and termites.
Wood is warm and nice to feel.
Wood is water-absorbent, so it dries faster, which means shorter bacterial survival.
Wood is weak and subject to storm damage.
Wood is white with streaks of red or yellow.
Wood is whitish or light yellow brown with no distinction between sapwood and heartwood.
Wood is without question the coolest material for building a canoe.
Wood is wonderful for adaptability, renewability, low price, and beauty.
Wood is wood.
Wood is xylem.
Wood is yellow in color, coarse-grained, dense, and heavy.
Wood is, in itself, a composite of tubular voids surrounded by harder lignin cellulose.
Wood isa material.
Wood isa stuff.
Wood jacks in delrin.
Wood joins a staff of experienced and highly qualified teachers.
Wood just happens to contain a lot of plant cells.
Wood lasts longer and looks better.
Wood looks excellent.
Wood looks feels smells and tastes great.
Wood looks good and ages well.
Wood lose toward the harvest before heard dallas cowboys watch.
Wood make gud huzband.
Wood makes a great bird house.
Wood makes an interesting point about choices.
Wood makes Britain come alive and shows what makes it British.
Wood makes essential objects, objects for all time.
Wood makes personal introductions for Washington professionals.
Wood makes the best target primarily for aesthetic reasons.
Wood makes the music flow with a constant wonderful voice and inspiriting guitar.
Wood makes use of a lignin matrix and cellulose fibers to form a polymer composite.
Wood matures to a brownish color with age.
Wood means 'Love' .
Wood means statuesque trees of varying densities, bulky roots, concentric circles of historic time.
Wood moves over time, with changes in temperature and humidity.
Wood naturally dries out as a result of the sap drying out from the fibers.
Wood needed for building purposes is cut in rotation from a different district each year.
Wood needs refinishing, metal overall good to very good.
Wood needs structure, boundaries and purpose.
Wood notes they also had their own deadlines to meet.
Wood offers something completely different.
Wood Only buy wood that is certified to be from sustainably managed forests.
Wood only wants to pitch like one.
Wood ought to know.
Wood oversees the entire Ammunition Field operation movement.
Wood overwhelms the movement of Earth.
Wood painting Wood painting The wood of tree is one of the oldest materials used by the man.
Wood pale yellow to a creamy white with little differentiation between sapwood and heartwood.
Wood pasture half a mile long and half a mile broad.
Wood pasture one mile long and one mile broad.
Wood performs functions.
Wood perpetuates the myth that evangelism and social righteousness work against each other.
Wood pieces over and paint backs, if desired.
Wood plans to study computer science in college.
Wood platforms to float within the containers.
Wood plucks a fragment from a heap on a table.
Wood poses on each page of the album's cover jacket.
Wood prepare behind nose but nothing command beyond lots game.
Wood produces even more carbon dioxide per kilo than coal.
Wood provides resiliency in sea ice and acoustic quiet.
Wood provides superior insulation while adding that warm feeling of home.
Wood pull out keyboard tray and polished brass top surface wire management grommets are standard.
Wood quickly wicks up moisture around the staples, eliminating rust stains.
Wood reads leir .
Wood recommends tapering off practice sessions one week before the audition.
Wood remains jailed pending the posting of the bond.
Wood remains strongest when kept in the original shape in which it grew.
Wood remains the country's main source of energy.
Wood remains the preferred spar material for most traditionally rigged vessels.
Wood remarks with a laugh.
Wood repairing and refinishing are trades by themselves.
Wood requires a lot of upkeep, especially in damp conditions.
Wood requires comparatively little energy to convert it into many useful products.
Wood requires much less energy to be processed into a usable form than does steel or plastic.
Wood resembles North American black cottonwood in both density and mechanical properties.
Wood resides in Wilmington.
Wood responds to the hands of man in somewhat predictable ways.
Wood retells the Chumash creation myth, as well as one of the tribe's most beloved legends.
Wood rims the carpeted restaurant floor and wicker chairs and tables create a summer atmosphere.
Wood rot and termites increasingly advertise their superiority.
Wood rot can weaken wood, but it's easy to tell if wood is rotten.
Wood rot treatment, prevention, and application techniques for old houses, new houses . . .
Wood s singing is dubbed.
Wood says a short-term dip in the availability of market hogs in Manitoba has affected the plant.
Wood says at the outset of the series.
Wood says heat-related problems are preventable and fairly easy to avoid.
Wood says it can.
Wood says stability on the ground can keep crew members levelheaded in space.
Wood says that despite the poor conditions the group witnessed, they also saw great beauty.
Wood says the company is looking at three prototypes.
Wood says the painting is a reflection of the Grand Rapids area.
Wood says the program is likely to continue next year, but with a new set of students.
Wood says the reps are both entrepreneurs and salespeople at other companies.
Wood says thousands of diamondbacks die in crab traps every year.
Wood says wildlife is a growing industry for landowners who rent out hunting rights.
Wood says, and turns for the parking lot.
Wood seems to be in scarce supply.
Wood sees sewerage, transport and growth as the North Shore's major issues.
Wood serves as the official spokesperson for the program and oversees the program.
Wood shapes easily, and elbow grease is all that is required.
Wood shavings react with the rabbit's urine to create a toxin which can build up in their liver.
Wood shavings underneath the cushions.
Wood shingles fare better, but the best stuff is pressed concrete and fibre cement tiles.
Wood shows much weather wear and use.
Wood shows some loss of finish from use.
Wood shrinks quickly and pewter disintegrates.
Wood shrinks the greatest amount in the tangential direction, as mentioned earlier.
Wood shrinks very little along the length of the grain.
Wood siding on the outside surface of the wall is followed by plywood sheathing.
Wood simply begs to be touched.
Wood simply needs to be clean and dry - ready for finishing as in any such application.
Wood solves the problem of plastic cutting boards breeding bacteria without creating waste.
Wood somehow creates a feeling of quietness and peace.
Wood spars gleam with multiple coats of varnish.
Wood splits the selections into five parts.
Wood springs forward, pulls the cardboard out and quickly pokes out the excess pieces.
Wood stands for tree or something to do with wood.
Wood stays beautiful and natural looking longer.
Wood stems have several parts.
Wood still has an old-fashioned classiness.
Wood still works best.
Wood stored around homes, especially under decks, is one of the main problems exterminators see.
Wood stored in a heated space does dry faster.
Wood stoves and cots are standard accommodations in our main and wall tent hunting sites.
Wood stoves and fireplaces Be sure the stove or fireplace is installed properly.
Wood stoves and fireplaces can help to ease the fuel bills.
Wood stoves and kerosene lamps provide light and heat.
Wood stoves and kitchens.
Wood stoves crackle everywhere in the ski center, the restaurant, the wax shed, and the warming hut.
Wood stoves for cooking and heating.
Wood stoves installed in mobile homes require special measures of precaution.
Wood stoves with the warmth and beauty of natural stone.
Wood stoves, barn wood, antique signs and plank floors add to the pub's rural character.
Wood stoves, of course, require wood fuel.
Wood stoves, pipe, fuel storage barrels or tanks.
Wood stresses that today's secretary needs to be proficient in multiple software programs.
Wood strips away the veneer of the society.
Wood successfully withstands harsh corrosive atmospheres.
Wood suffers from several things.
Wood suggests keeping the indulgence in check so the amount gained can be shed within one month.
Wood suggests setting the timer for the lights to come on at sunrise and go off at sunset.
Wood suggests that the original form was epitritus , meaning a ratio of four to three.
Wood suggests variety when it comes to fairy tales.
Wood supports both moves.
Wood survives much less well than the other materials such as stone and bronze .
Wood survives much less well than the other materials such as stone and bronze.
Wood swells when it becomes wet, shrinks when it dries.
Wood swells with moisture, shrinks as it loses moisture.
Wood symbolizes the consecration of work.
Wood talks about the elbow injury.
Wood tells a tale of Shakespearean subtlety and complexity.
Wood tends to dry out and crack.
Wood tends to give a feeling of calmness, of being settled.
Wood tends to have even more complex molecules to start with.
Wood tends to have low a low natural frequency.
Wood tends to shrink and change moisture content after being sawed.
Wood there is none.
Wood thins to grassland.
Wood thrushes in a fragmented midwestern landscape.
Wood ticks out.
Wood tracks their progress across North America.
Wood treated with borates is protected as long the wood is in use.
Wood trims with mortise-tenon cornering are available in natural oak.
Wood undergoes combustion.
Wood understands how museums work.
Wood urns, exotic wood urns, ceramic urns, marble urns.
Wood used in barrel-aging also contributes.
Wood used on the walls is Brazilian cherry wood.
Wood uses .
Wood uses for lumber.
Wood uses for rough lumber.
Wood uses in construction.
Wood uses in products.
Wood uses powder X-ray methods to study phase transformations and high T behaviour of materials.
Wood varies from a honey-golden brown to a rich red, with a sharply defined cream colored sapwood.
Wood veneered furniture is available in many qualities.
Wood wants more involvement with regional, and eventually, New York City theatres.
Wood wants to turn that around by mandating utility-built power plants.
Wood weighs heavy.
Wood wetted by dog urine is reported to be especially attractive to wharf borer beetles.
Wood wins, plastic trashed for cutting meat.
Wood works in watercolor and acrylic paints.
Wood Works welcomes submissions.
Wood worries about the implications of making fraternities and sororities dry.
Wood yields electrical energy.
Wood yields energy.
Woods agrees the glitch resembled the agency of old.
Woods almost has enough money right now to buy the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Woods also attends school functions and programs, like a recent geography bee.
Woods also hangs out with older pros.
Woods also has a computerized wine guide in the store where customers can browse at their leisure.
Woods also has a fine touch for New Orleans' piano polyrhythms.
Woods also has an imaginative short game and is an outstanding putter, especially under pressure.
Woods also operates the county's ambulance service and a nursing home.
Woods alternate with prairie and overgrown fields.
Woods amply comprehends.
Woods answers the call.
Woods appreciates the tradition and history of the game.
Woods are a place where kids can be free.
Woods are heaier clubs used for distance.
Woods are lush, downhill is fast.
Woods are more casual, too, with ash and clear maple pieces accented with nickel or pewter.
Woods are of mixed hardwoods.
Woods are on the right.
Woods are open enough for some nice off trail runs and tele-turns through the trees.
Woods are open through good timber management.
Woods are Stainless steel with regular steel shafts.
Woods are sycamore, walnut and mahogany.
Woods are the best terrain for defense.
Woods are usually mahogany or African walnut.
Woods are very beutiful.
Woods assumes tournaments are there to be won.
Woods becomes the first man to hold all four major titles simultaneously.
Woods border the neighborhood on the north and south.
Woods Build a town, but with safety.
Woods can attest to that.
Woods can do much more than hit the ball a long way.
Woods can do that.
Woods can finish as high as second on the money list.
Woods can trap cold air and prevent it from draining to lower-lying areas.
Woods can win anywhere against anyone under any conditions.
Woods captures perfectly the irony and humor.
Woods certainly hopes so.
Woods clearly has.
Woods clearly is a favorite adopted son.
Woods clutch down the stretch.
Woods come in a few different sizes.
Woods come in men and ladies right and left hands.
Woods crown the hills and wide meadows and fields spread over the charming valley.
Woods crown the hills, sharpening their apparent steepness.
Woods currently stands one shot ahead of the projected cut line.
Woods demonstrate different grains .
Woods devour offline shots on other courses.
Woods does have some history on two of the three venues.
Woods employed include red sandalwood, pearwood, padauk, ebony, and nanmu.
Woods follows up plan to develop higher education in local regions.
Woods form a backdrop for the yard.
Woods gives away nothing in postmatch interviews.
Woods guard the left.
Woods handles pressure quite well.
Woods has little trouble storing information.
Woods have grain and color variations due to the growth patterns of each tree.
Woods invites the challenge.
Woods just shrugs.
Woods knelt and fired off four pumps of the fist when it crept in, sensing how critical it was.
Woods knows sailing and sailboats and has come up with a good story.
Woods knows that.
Woods knows the feeling.
Woods lands the big one.
Woods leads by one stroke entering the final round.
Woods like so many young drivers today comes from a racing family.
Woods line the left and pine trees on the right.
Woods line the right side of the fairway and surround the green.
Woods line the trail for much of the way.
Woods mower with belt drive.
Woods never has an off tournament.
Woods normally closes the deal.
Woods now appeals.
Woods now holds the scoring records, in relation to par, in all four major championships.
Woods now is at five after a comparable point.
Woods now is three-fourths of the way to a career grand slam.
Woods now owns all four major titles at the one time.
Woods now owns the scoring records for all four majors.
Woods obviously is on a hot pace.
Woods offer hiking or cross-country skiing.
Woods plays well.
Woods points out the root of the problem.
Woods probably can figure out a way.
Woods provide a natural setting occupied wild turkeys, hawks, deer and pileated woodpeckers.
Woods purports to understand the magnitude of what is happening here.
Woods range from rather light to moderately heavy.
Woods require a wider stance because of the longer club length.
Woods routinely makes winning a golf tournament look inevitable.
Woods run along behind our house and there are deer and rabbits and lots of birds.
Woods See above.
Woods simply does things no one else can.
Woods steelform uses ash and oak woods from Slovenia.
Woods still has two other streaks going.
Woods still misses greens long too often and is erratic on short putts.
Woods still uses Titleist clubs.
Woods surround the course.
Woods surround three sides of the school.
Woods survives halfway cut Links to more Americas stories are at the foot of the page.
Woods takes a nine-shot lead into the final round.
Woods takes a shot and missed.
Woods takes familiar pose after hitting iron shot toward green.
Woods talks about a young relative who was raped, taunted and then commited suicide.
Woods then handwrote a three-page confession and signed it.
Woods turns even the rich and powerful to putty.
Woods typically have a gooey cement, called lignin, holding the cells together.
Woods understands everything about golf.
Woods used are bamboo, teak, and fruit woods.
Woods View more Woods sites in the Netscape Open Directory .
Woods walk on trails having varying degrees of difficulty.
Woods walks off.
Woods warms to speaking about it.
Woods waves to the crowd.
Wood always has something about it that is warm and alive.
Woods sometimes works the same tee shot left and right.
Woods usually have a one-inch increment, except for some drivers with extra long shafts.
All wood continues to dry and shrink for many, many years.
All wood expands and contracts with seasonal changes in moisture content.
All wood has grain and flaws.
All wood has pores.
All wood is burned or burried, with the stump also removed and treated similarly.
All wood is carefully kiln dried and grain matched.
All wood is classified into two main types, hardwood and softwood .
All wood is devoured as charcoal needed by the high furnaces.
All wood is either pine or oak.
All wood is obtained from man made forest trees.
All wood is of the best premium grade.
All wood is sawn.
All wood is screwed and glued prior to painting.
All wood is selected with environmental concerns in place.
All wood is solid cherry.
All wood is stained a light pecan finish.
All wood is supplied from managed forests in Europe, which implement a continuous replanting policy.
All wood is trimmed by use of a traditional crooked knife.
All wood is used from reforested trees.
All wood receives three coats of satin marine finish.
All wood shrinks and swells with changes in moisture content.
All wood spars, gunter rig and orginal long boom for una mainsail.
All wood stoves and fireplaces sold today meet stringent federal emissions requirements.
All wood used in construction carries a lifetime warranty against rot and de-lamination.
All wood used in our products comes from recycled mill trim ends.
All wood used in PiQUE production comes from sustainable forests.
All wood used in the building is from certified sustainable sources.
All wood working adhesives work well with untempered hardboard.
All woods absorb moisture when the air is humid, and lose moisture when it's dry.
All woods are air dried and well seasoned prior to their use.
All woods are hand selected and custom milled to ensure quality from the beginning.
All woods are in satin finish.
All woods are kiln-dried for greater stability, thereby eliminating warps and splits in the wood.
All woods are native American hardwoods.
All woods burn, but some burn better than others.
All woods can be bent.
All woods change color over time.
All woods create different tonal effects and qualities.
All woods have approximately the same fuel value, in Btu per lb.
Any wood is prey to a number of organisms.
Any wood simply sawn lengthwise or produced by a profile-chipping process.
More woods are tight right, and a large tree and steep hills are left.
Most wood absorbs odor.
Most wood absorbs water.
Most wood comes from trees.
Most wood contains substances.
Most wood destroying beetles behave in similar fashion.
Most wood deteriorates over time.
Most wood generated at a jobsite is recyclable.
Most wood has cell structures.
Most wood has dense cell structures.
Most wood has dense structures.
Most wood has density.
Most wood has lower density.
Most wood has purposes.
Most wood has resistance.
Most wood has structures.
Most wood has texture.
Most wood is harvested for firewood or by small-scale local businesses selling lumber and fuel.
Most wood performs functions.
Most wood uses for lumber.
Most wood uses for rough lumber.
Most woods are available in most designs.
Most woods have gobs of heavy, plastic-like cement, called lignin, holding the cells together.
Much wood is used as plywoods and veneers.
Some wood attracts cockroaches.
Some wood attracts termites.
Some wood attracts woodpeckers.
Some wood becomes decomposition.
Some wood becomes dioxide.
Some wood burns fast, some burns slow, some has a hard time getting started.
Some wood conducts electricity.
Some wood contains mud.
Some wood contains water.
Some wood gives nice backdrop to the other aromatic elements.
Some wood has applications.
Some wood has compounds.
Some wood has energy.
Some wood has excellent structural properties.
Some wood has properties.
Some wood has strong smell.
Some wood has structural properties.
Some wood is available, but bring a bow saw to trim up fallen branches.
Some wood is classified as insulators.
Some wood is clear, vertical grain species which are rare and expensive to use today.
Some wood leads to diseases.
Some wood looks like wood.
Some wood mixes with saliva.
Some wood nematodes cause death.
Some wood nematodes kill trees.
Some wood poses health.
Some wood produces toxins.
Some wood provides adequate protection.
Some wood provides protection.
Some wood provides shelter.
Some wood shavings cause asthma.
Some wood takes longer to finish.
Some wood trellises support plants.
Some woods are apparendy toxic to termites.
Some woods are dry, overall good trail conditions.
Some woods are durable because of compounds called extractives.
Some woods are more forgiving than others.
Some woods are much easier than others to drill cleanly.
Some woods are subject to availability.
Some woods are toxic, such as cocobolo dust.
Some woods bend easier than others.
Some woods can be sensitive to moisture.
Some woods complement certain meats better than others.
Some woods engrave very well while on other woods the engraving is almost invisible.
Some woods exists on part of it.
Some woods move a great deal with changes in humidity, others less so.
Woodard designers work with the purest of design elements.
A woodbine is a vine
Woodbine is also host to major tournaments followed world wide.
Woodbine is open all week for matinees and evenings.
Woodboring insects can also damage panel paintings, frames and stretcher bars.
Woodburn team travels to New Orleans for training next week.
A woodcarver is a woodman
Woodcarvers prefer white pine, basswood, walnut, and holly for carving items for sale.
Woodchuck burrows provide shelter.
A woodchuck is a marmot
Woodchuck isa marmot.
Woodchucks adapt well to many habitats, as seasons and conditions change.
Woodchucks are a common farm and garden pest.
Woodchucks are a pest, but only because of the dens that they burrow in pastures and other fields.
Woodchucks are active during the day.
Woodchucks are also blind when they are born.
Woodchucks are also very destructive.
Woodchucks are among the few mammals that enter into true hibernation.
Woodchucks are among the few true hibernators found in Massachusetts.
Woodchucks are busy foraging on plant material and storing up fat for hibernation.
Woodchucks are common and abundant in Massachusetts.
Woodchucks are common throughout Connecticut.
Woodchucks are common throughout the state.
Woodchucks are cute, furry creatures.
Woodchucks are diurnal and feed on grasses and forbs.
Woodchucks are diurnal for the most part.
Woodchucks are diurnal so they hunt for their food in the daylight hours.
Woodchucks are drawn to properties that have easy access to food and water sources.
Woodchucks are fairly large animals and are related to the squirrel family.
Woodchucks are found in western and eastern portions of North America.
Woodchucks are good climbers and sometimes are seen in lower tree branches.
Woodchucks are groundhogs, which are no hogs.
Woodchucks are herbivorous feeding on the new foliage of plants.
Woodchucks are ideal laboratory animals in which to study liver cancer and hepatitis.
Woodchucks are in no danger of becoming extinct, even with the threat of deforestation.
Woodchucks are known for building extensive underground burrow systems.
Woodchucks are members of the squirrel family.
Woodchucks are most active during early morning and late afternoon when they are feeding.
Woodchucks are most active during the day.
Woodchucks are one of the few mammals that enter into true hibernation.
Woodchucks are particularly fond of legumes, including alfalfa and vetch, clover, peas, and beans.
Woodchucks are primarily active during daylight hours.
Woodchucks are primarily active during the day.
Woodchucks are rodents, and they are very prolific.
Woodchucks are skilled at climbing and digging.
Woodchucks are smart.
Woodchucks are solitary and are most active in early morning and late afternoon.
Woodchucks are somewhat atypical for the group as a whole.
Woodchucks are specially adapted to dig - they have short powerful legs and strong claws.
Woodchucks are stocky little animals with a flattened head.
Woodchucks are stocky mammals, with short, strong legs and a short, bushy, almost flattened tail.
Woodchucks are stocky.
Woodchucks are terrestrial and fossorial, creating burrows with elaborate passageways.
Woodchucks are the best-known hibernators among mammals.
Woodchucks are the largest squirrels in Illinois.
Woodchucks are true hibernators and spend nearly half of the days of a year in a hibernative state.
Woodchucks are true hibernators, relying soley on body fat for winter survival.
Woodchucks are true hibernators.
Woodchucks are usually highly agonistic.
Woodchucks are vegetarians.
Woodchucks are very sanitary at their den sites.
Woodchucks are voracious feeders.
Woodchucks brazenly approach the house and visitors on the estate's rear lawn.
Woodchucks breed at one year of age.
Woodchucks can also undermine pools.
Woodchucks can be wary of entering traps.
Woodchucks can become a problem around the home.
Woodchucks can cause a lot of costly damage to lawns, gardens, fences, and foundations.
Woodchucks can create a wide variety of vocal noises.
Woodchucks can dig up to three entrances to one den.
Woodchucks can literally mow a garden.
Woodchucks can produce several sounds.
Woodchucks cause damage.
Woodchucks climb trees.
Woodchucks climb well, ascending and descending trees head first.
Woodchucks defecate in toilet chambers they dig underground.
Woodchucks do a lot for the ecology of our planet.
Woodchucks do aerate the soil.
Woodchucks do, however, have the continuously growing incisors characteristic of rodents.
Woodchucks eat bark.
Woodchucks emerge from burrows.
Woodchucks enter burrows.
Woodchucks feed primarily on grasses, clover, alfalfa, wheat, corn, soybeans, and berries.
Woodchucks feed primarily on vegetables, trees, grasses and legumes.
Woodchucks forage and eat at almost any time of the day.
Woodchucks generally feed in field borders or gardens close to their dens.
Woodchucks grow rapidly.
Woodchucks have (part) brains.
Woodchucks have (part) breasts.
Woodchucks have (part) cell membranes.
Woodchucks have (part) cells.
Woodchucks have (part) chest cavities.
Woodchucks have (part) chests.
Woodchucks have (part) corpi.
Woodchucks have (part) cytoplasm.
Woodchucks have (part) ears.
Woodchucks have (part) faces.
Woodchucks have (part) heads.
Woodchucks have (part) nuclei.
Woodchucks have (part) pedal extremities.
Woodchucks have (part) piluses.
Woodchucks have (part) plasma membranes.
Woodchucks have (part) rib cages.
Woodchucks have (part) sections.
Woodchucks have (part) skulls.
Woodchucks have (part) sterna.
Woodchucks have (part) vacuoles.
Woodchucks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Woodchucks have a dense gray undercoat with a long, light brown coat of guard hairs on top.
Woodchucks have body mass.
Woodchucks have bushy tails.
Woodchucks have chisel-like incisor teeth.
Woodchucks have excellent eyesight and are able to climb trees in order to escape an enemy.
Woodchucks have incisor teeth.
Woodchucks have mass.
Woodchucks have one litter per year.
Woodchucks have senses.
Woodchucks have short powerful legs and short ears.
Woodchucks have small ears and large black eyes.
Woodchucks have tails.
Woodchucks have teeth.
Woodchucks have the ability to bite and scratch if they are cornered or threatened.
Woodchucks have toes.
Woodchucks have winter and summer burrows.
Woodchucks hibernate during the winter.
Woodchucks hibernate during winter.
Woodchucks inhabit burrows.
Woodchucks leave signs of their activity.
Woodchucks like to navigate through fairly high vegetation.
Woodchucks live in burrows they dig into the ground.
Woodchucks live in burrows which they dig in dry, well-drained soils.
Woodchucks live in open grasslands, pastures, and woodlands.
Woodchucks live pretty stoic and solitary existences.
Woodchucks live primarily underground in burrows dug on land with a slight slope.
Woodchucks look very similar to a beaver except without a tail.
Woodchucks love fresh vegetables.
Woodchucks love vegetable gardens.
Woodchucks love vegetables.
Woodchucks maintain sanitary den sites and burrow systems, replacing nest materials frequently.
Woodchucks mark territory.
Woodchucks pose problems.
Woodchucks pose serious problems.
Woodchucks prefer a mixture of open farmland, woods, fencerows and roadsides.
Woodchucks prefer a mixture of open farmland, woods, fencerows, and roadsides.
Woodchucks prefer farmland.
Woodchucks prefer open areas and forest edges for their habitat, and dig extensive burrows.
Woodchucks prefer open farmland.
Woodchucks prefer to feed in the early morning and evening hours.
Woodchucks produce about four young and virtually all females breed annually.
Woodchucks produce loud sound.
Woodchucks produce loud whistle sound.
Woodchucks produce sound.
Woodchucks produce whistle sound.
Woodchucks see a tasty dinner.
Woodchucks seem to prefer to construct burrows on or near farm land where crops grow.
Woodchucks use burrows for mating, hiding from predators and hibernating.
Woodchucks use burrows for mating, hiding from predators, and hibernation.
Woodchucks use strategies.
Woodchucks often cause only minor damage to properties.
Woodchucks often cause problems in agricultural and sub- urban areas.
Woodchucks often dig many side tunnels and two or three back entrances.
Woodchucks often live on forest edges near expansive pasture.
Woodchucks often sit on their haunches and pull plants over with their forepaws.
Many woodchucks are killed be automobiles.
Many woodchucks are killed on roads by automobiles.
Most woodchucks cause damage.
Most woodchucks eat bark.
Most woodchucks emerge from burrows.
Most woodchucks enter burrows.
Most woodchucks have body mass.
Most woodchucks have bushy tails.
Most woodchucks have incisor teeth.
Most woodchucks have mass.
Most woodchucks have senses.
Most woodchucks have tails.
Most woodchucks have teeth.
Most woodchucks have toes.
Most woodchucks love fresh vegetables.
Most woodchucks love vegetables.
Most woodchucks mark territory.
Most woodchucks pose problems.
Most woodchucks pose serious problems.
Most woodchucks prefer farmland.
Most woodchucks prefer open farmland.
Most woodchucks produce loud sound.
Most woodchucks produce loud whistle sound.
Most woodchucks produce sound.
Most woodchucks produce whistle sound.
Most woodchucks use strategies.
Some woodchucks belong to families.
Some woodchucks cause death.
Some woodchucks develop antibodies.
Some woodchucks dig holes.
Some woodchucks eat food pellets.
Some woodchucks eat pellets.
Some woodchucks escape entrances.
Some woodchucks have patterns.
Some woodchucks have predators.
Some woodchucks help farmers.
Some woodchucks infect with viruses.
Some woodchucks infect with woodchuck hepatitis viruses.
Some woodchucks inhabit fields.
A woodcock is a wader
Woodcock are also a game species in decline.
Woodcock are cryptically colored and more compact than other shorebirds.
Woodcock are early migrants and have only recently returned to Wisconsin.
Woodcock are migratory, an imperative dictated by their dietary staple of worms.
Woodcock are migratory.
Woodcock are relatives of shorebirds such as sandpipers.
Woodcock are very hard to hunt without the use of a dog.
Woodcock is sympathetic but firm.
Woodcock knows some board regulars feel that way.
Woodcock like to feed in moist soil in forest openings, alder bottoms, and aspen alder stands.
Woodcock use the area as overwintering grounds, and bald eagles are regular visitors.
Woodcocks are birds.
Woodcocks are shorebirds.
Woodcocks are well-camouflaged for life among fallen twigs and strewn leaves.
Woodcocks begin courtship behavior in north Florida.
Woodcocks display here in the spring.
Woodcocks probe the muddy creek banks for earthworms.
Woodcut prints are examples of the relief process.
Woodcut prints cover a wide range of looks.
Most woodcut prints are simply black to white and rather linear.
A woodcut is an engraving
Woodcut has a sculptural, tactile quality that no other medium has.
Woodcuts are engravings.
Woodcuts are relief prints.
Woodcuts work in a similar fashion.
Woodcutter isa workman.
Woodcutters encounter death.
Woodcutters have (part) arms.
Woodcutters have (part) body substances.
Woodcutters have (part) cell membranes.
Woodcutters have (part) cells.
Woodcutters have (part) corpi.
Woodcutters have (part) cytoplasm.
Woodcutters have (part) heads.
Woodcutters have (part) human bodies.
Woodcutters have (part) legs.
Woodcutters have (part) material bodies.
Woodcutters have (part) necks.
Woodcutters have (part) nuclei.
Woodcutters have (part) personality.
Woodcutters have (part) plasma membranes.
Woodcutters have (part) sections.
Woodcutters have (part) vacuoles.
Most woodcutters encounter death.
Wooded area are dominantly mixed hardwoods, dominated by oaks, sweetgum, red maple, and holly.
Wooded area clean up.
Wooded area surround the building.
Wooded areas are brown.
Wooded areas are dominantly in mixed oaks.
Wooded areas are dominantly oak, maple and ash species.
Wooded areas are dominantly oaks, pitch pine, Virginia pine, maple, and hickory.
Wooded areas are hardwoods, mainly locust, sassafrass, paw-paw, oak, elm, maple and birch.
Wooded areas are in loblolly pine, Virginia pine, oaks, hickory, yellow- poplar and sweetgum.
Wooded areas are in mixed hardwoods and pines.
Wooded areas are in mixed hardwoods of oak and hickory.
Wooded areas are in mixed hardwoods of oaks, hickory, and locust.
Wooded areas are in mixed hardwoods, mainly oaks.
Wooded areas are in mixed hardwoods.
Wooded areas are in oaks, hickory and maple.
Wooded areas are in pine, oak, and dogwood.
Wooded areas are mixed hardwoods composed principally of upland oaks, yellow poplar and ash.
Wooded areas are mixed hardwoods, dominantly oaks.
Wooded areas are mixed hardwoods, mostly oaks with some Virginia pine.
Wooded areas are mixed hardwoods, principally of oaks and yellow poplar.
Wooded areas are mixed hardwoods.
Wooded areas are often dense mixtures of oak, cedar, and hackberry with a yaupon understory.
Wooded areas are primarily deciduous hardwoods.
Any wooded area is a potential place to net.
Wooded bluffs line the river down stream from Minneapolis.
Wooded bluffs line the south edge of the lake, and lower terraces mark the northern shore.
Wooded bluffs mark the eastern limit of the river valley at right.
Wooded land is the main contributor to the debris that enters the watershed.
Wooded lot requires minimal upkeep.
Wooded lots are douglas fir and pine.
Wooded mounds screen the industrial estate.
Wooded mountains rise before and aft.
Wooded paths give access to the whole island.
Wooded setting offers gazebo ,bbq pit and extended dock.
Wooded summits offer views of verdant river valleys.
Wooded swamps are important for stormwater and floodwater retention.
Wooded trails afford walking and skiing opportunity.
Wooded trails offer hikers an excellent opportunity to get up close to fall splendor.
Many wooded trails lead the visitor to the quiet nooks.
Wooded valleys offer seasonally changing splendour.
Wooden arrows are prone to warping.
Wooden artifacts can also indicate other ways in which wood was utilized in the past.
Wooden barrels make the best hard cider as the wood breathes and gives the cider proper aging.
Wooden baskets are preferred, but pots can be used if drainage is good.
Wooden bats have longer sweet spots than metal bats.
Wooden beads have a softer, shimmering sound.
Wooden benches can be harder to keep clean than aluminum or plastic.
Wooden benches line one wall of a newly constructed outdoor smoking area.
Wooden benches offer a bay view in the High Bar Harbor section and at many bayfront street ends.
Wooden benches run alongside the building.
Wooden binding is also standard.
Wooden bleachers occupy the length of one wall.
Wooden blinds complete the club-like effect.
Wooden blinds keep the harsh cityscape at bay.
Wooden boards are highly acidic, and the water from the frost created an acidic solution.
Wooden boat classifieds.
Wooden boats are links to the past.
Wooden boats are particularly susceptible to toledo worms and other borers.
Wooden boats are usually the least expensive boat kits but require the most work to finish.
Wooden boats can be easily and reliably repaired.
Wooden boats have aluminium masts.
Wooden boats have frames and bulkheads to be made up.
Wooden boats offer a visual appeal.
Wooden boats req regular maintenance.
Wooden boats require a lot of care and reasonable use.
Wooden boats slice through the water.
Wooden boats welcome.
Some wooden boats go fishing costardelle.
Wooden bollards are the answer.
Wooden booths provide privacy beneath chandeliers made of elk horns.
Wooden bows are more vulnerable to damage from mistreatment.
Wooden bowls sit on the table.
Wooden boxes are best.
Wooden boxes are vulnerable to moisture.
Wooden boxes make containers.
Most wooden boxes make containers.
Some wooden boxes have entrance holes.
Some wooden boxes have holes.
Wooden bridges are vulnerable and are a major effort and expanse to replace.
Wooden cabinets keep their contents cooler longer.
Wooden candles are available in three heights and three colors.
Wooden casks used for maturation in wine can also be suspect.
Wooden caskets come in hardwood, softwood and plywood.
Wooden chairs have seats.
Most wooden chairs have seats.
Wooden chocks become water logged from rain and snow, and begin deteriorating.
Wooden closets are good.
Wooden clothespins come in slightly different shapes, with ends that are flared, straight or flat.
Wooden coasters can be twister and out and back.
Some wooden coasters offer advantage.
Wooden containers are absorbent and good insulators.
Wooden containers are impossible to clean well.
Wooden containers are susceptible to rot.
Wooden containers can be custom-made, but choose materials carefully.
Wooden containers come in a variety of types.
Wooden crates are an additional charge.
Wooden crook handle.
Wooden crossovers protect the dunes from erosion and offer easy walking access to the shore.
Wooden crossties support the rails.
Wooden crucifixes adhere better to the doors when the aluminum strap is removed from the back.
Wooden cutouts are each handpainted and beautifully detailed.
Wooden dividers separate the bed into three equal-sized compartments.
Wooden docks stretch into darkened waters under a star-blasted sky.
Wooden dolls are generally foreign and very old.
Wooden dollhouses hold scale versions of dining room sets and other furniture.
Wooden domes have a hole drilled in the width of a strut .
Wooden door covers and cabinests under the wash basin.
Wooden doors have construction.
Wooden doors have hollow core construction.
Most wooden doors have construction.
Most wooden doors have hollow core construction.
Wooden dowels are an acceptable alternative to biscuits.
Wooden dowels can splinter with age.
All wooden elements are manually openable from exterior for the maintenance of the glass facade.
Wooden ends are a bit lighter than metal ends.
Wooden ends are softer, more mellow.
Wooden exterior doors have construction.
Wooden exterior doors have hollow core construction.
Wooden fences are a prominent and beautiful feature of the American landscape.
Wooden figures appreciate in value.
Wooden flanges enclose the cylinder and a wooden handle is attached to the bottom.
Wooden flints are simply small squares of hardwood, approximately the same size as a musket flint.
Wooden floors are attractive, hardwearing relatively inexpensive and have a timeless appeal.
Wooden floors are located in closets.
Wooden floors are located in porchs.
Wooden floors are preferable to carpets.
Wooden floors are preferred.
Wooden flooring are located in carpets.
Wooden flooring has a great appeal to Caucasian expatriates.
Wooden flowers are a local specialty.
Wooden flowers are also a favorite.
Wooden flume widens at one end.
Wooden footbridges cross from one to the other.
Wooden fortifications are also susceptible to simple methods of attack.
Wooden fruit crates when taken apart and sanded make excellent practice pieces.
Wooden furniture is hand crafted.
Wooden furniture looks weathered and comfortable.
Some wooden furniture can warp badly in the hot, dry heat.
Wooden gates are the main originality of the traditional Transylvanian architecture.
Wooden gates lock in the boat as valves let water in or out to raise or lower the vessel.
Some wooden gates have barley.
Wooden gift crates that holds, soaps, candles, and bath salts and other things.
Wooden grip is wrapped with black leather.
Wooden grip is wrapped with leather strips.
Wooden grips are in very good condition.
Wooden grips are in very good contion with some handling marks.
Wooden grips have some handling marks.
Wooden haft is used with a bow-string to churn.
Wooden handle has some wear.
Wooden handle is threaded for easy removal.
Wooden handles are sensitive to water soaking, heat and harsh detergent.
Wooden handles provide a safe grip as foods are swiftly chopped with a rocking motion.
Wooden handles stay cool.
Wooden hangers are perfect for a heavy wool or leather coat.
Wooden hangers are preferred.
Wooden homes seem to ride out the quakes better, as well as homes with basements.
Wooden houses are typical in the Black Sea area.
Wooden houses have boards cracked with age.
Wooden hull is in excellent condition, dry and solid.
Wooden huts are the prevalent standard for the countryside.
Wooden jigs align the boards so each truss is identical in size and shape.
Wooden kayaks are almost always custom built or are the material of choice for the home builder.
Wooden kayaks are light weight as well as being strong and beatiful.
Wooden kayaks can take harder blows in rapids than fiberglass.
Wooden kayaks make much better friends than glass.
Wooden knife stand in genuine walnut hardwood.
Wooden lockers are available on a per use basis, in each locker room.
Wooden masks used for generations in plays and dances are also popular collectibles.
Wooden matches makes excellent wood filler for cracks in woodwork.
Wooden necks are typically solid with a flat surface on the bottom.
Wooden objects are painted and decorated with pearl, gold, silver, shell, and other objects.
Wooden objects tend to cause bubbles.
Wooden ones run the gamut from the strikingly beautiful to the merely utilitarian.
Wooden palettes are typically available in oval or oblong shapes of various sizes.
Wooden pallets are a second major industry in the state.
Wooden panels are one of the earliest and most common rigid supports for paintings.
All wooden parts are laser cut for precise fit and easy assembly.
All wooden parts are laser cut to assure a perfect fit.
All wooden parts are pre-cut for easy assembly.
All wooden parts are pre-cut, and nine sheets of plans and instructions are easy to follow.
All wooden parts are smooth and without splinters.
Wooden partitions break it off from the dining area, creating a separate nook.
Wooden patterns can be somewhat confusing to sort through.
Wooden peels are best.
Wooden pegs keep the timbers in place.
Some wooden pencils have properties.
All wooden pieces are pre-cut in balsa, basswood, and mahogany.
All wooden pieces are pre-cut.
Wooden pipes are of pine with cedar stoppers and oak caps.
Wooden pipes are usually smaller and produce mellow woodwind sounds.
Wooden planters make attractive exterior planters.
Wooden plug keeps it all inside.
Wooden plugs fill the ends to prevent their collapse.
Wooden poles are better in that regard.
Wooden poles are heavy.
Wooden poles mark the point of the final height of the pyramid with capstone.
Wooden portion has one coat of oil-based primer.
Wooden posts are plentiful in Georgia.
Wooden posts delineate each site from one another.
Wooden posts mark the route, which is otherwise hard to follow.
Wooden props make starting easier.
Wooden propellers require careful and consistent attention.
Some wooden puppets wear plumber's pants exposing painted bottom cleavage.
Wooden racks hold anything from compact discs to cleaning supplies.
Wooden railings surround the porch and long posts give support to the over hanging roof.
Wooden ramp is available located next to gate.
Wooden rod ends.
Many wooden roofs are at the end of their useful life.
Wooden runners protect and strengthen the bottom.
Wooden runners work fine for the drawer but make the sides very long.
Wooden sampans ply the river, offering lobsters, fish and other seafood.
Wooden shelves have no adverse effect on the taste of wine.
Wooden ships demand a lot of upkeep.
A wooden shoe is a shoe
Wooden shoes are another traditional symbol and a popular tourist souvenir.
Wooden shoes are available from Dutch Village in Holland, Michigan.
Wooden shoes are well sculptured and make fine decorations.
Wooden shoes remain popular in Scandinavia and are worn by both men and women.
Wooden sign comes with wire for hanging as shown.
Wooden slats prevent chipping or contamination of ware.
Wooden sledges are also for hire here.
Wooden spatulas allow good adherence of the sample for transfer to a glass slide.
Wooden splints are flammable - hold at arms length using the tongs.
A wooden spoon is a prize
Wooden spoon is also a  term for last place in a sporting contest.
Wooden spoon is also a term for last place in a sporting contest .
Wooden spoon is made of many organic substances, including cellulose.
Wooden spoons are best for stirring or scraping in the modern kitchen.
Wooden spoons are good drumsticks.
Wooden spoons are spoons.
Wooden spoons are used for mixing food .
Wooden spoons are used for mixing food.
Wooden spoons are woodwork.
Wooden spoons retain water, which is the enemy of melted chocolate.
Wooden spoons seem to work best.
Wooden stairs lead above the spring bluff to the old post office.
Wooden stairs lead down to the river.
Wooden stairs lead from the ground floor to the sixth floor.
Wooden stakes make good markers.
Wooden stakes mark the narrow mountain paths, which are just wide enough for a snow plough.
Wooden stakes rot.
Wooden staves make metallic sounds when tapped on stone.
Wooden sticks are sometimes available at meat counters, where they are used to make shish kebab.
Wooden sticks are the traditional, standard type of sticks that are in most frequent usage.
Wooden stools hold great cultural significance in Ghana as the traditional symbol of a king's power.
Wooden stopper has a stress crack from age.
Wooden stringers run lengthwise from bow to stern, providing strength.
Wooden structures make the best shelters.
Wooden structures provide a variety of looks including frontier town, ghost-town or mining town.
Wooden structures return our thoughts and feelings to a simpler, quieter life.
Wooden studs stand from floor to ceiling, awaiting plasterboard.
Some wooden surfaces have conductivity.
Wooden tables hold golden-beaded tea lights and arrangements of fresh calla lilies.
Wooden tees are hard on mower blades.
Wooden tees come in a variety of bright colors.
Wooden terraria can be free-standing or constructed to fit into an alcove in the house .
Wooden thresholds add warmth in appearance as well, but are a bit more costly than aluminum.
All wooden toys come with a lifetime guarantee.
Wooden trains powered by imagination chug-chug their way through the house.
Wooden trellises frame the ceiling.
Wooden tube is folded up from three pieces.
Wooden twigs form the greater proportion of materials used in the nests of large birds.
Some wooden urns can be laser etched with the same information and artwork.
Wooden verandahs provide privacy and dramatic views across the sea.
Wooden wagon has rubber tires.
Wooden wainscoting denotes a less formal, country appearance.
Wooden walkways allow the visitor to meander through the creekside and marsh areas.
Wooden walkways ease the way for visitors to the more compact preserve.
Wooden walkways lead over the dunes from access streets with parking.
Wooden walkways lead to a red brick patio by the pool.
Wooden walkways protect the natural environment from tourists who visit the Valley.
Wooden walls envelop diners within the space.
Wooden windows are energy efficient, which cuts heating costs.
Wooden windows are here and there around.
Wooden windows make aesthetic and economic sense.
Wooden windows require maintenance.
Wooden windows require regular maintenance.
Most wooden windows require maintenance.
Most wooden windows require regular maintenance.
Wooden wrecks are very well-preserved.
Woodfin watershed is on left.
A woodgrain is grain
Woodgrain trim and chrome trim are standard.
Woodies are excellent swimmers and fast, agile fliers.
Woodies are swift flyers and rapidly zip around trees and other objects as they fly through timber.
Woodies invoke pleasant and almost forgotten memories of the past.
Woodies is pictured.
Woodies score final point in the end of a great Australian era.
Most woodies are either trees, shrubs or vines .
Most woodies succumb to years of neglect and have their original beauty all but destroyed.
Woodland areas are oak-hickory type mixed hardwoods.
Woodland areas can be full of hazards.
Woodland caribou lives in canadian provinces.
Woodland caribou lives in provinces.
Some woodland caribou shows preference.
Woodland Creek is located in Olympia Washington.
Woodland flowers are wild geranium, nodding wild onion, woodland sunflower and trillium.
Woodland gardens depend on random plantings of shade loving plants.
Many woodland gardens rely on native perennials and shrubs.
Woodland habitats provide food sources.
Woodland habitats provide sources.
Woodland mice eat the seeds.
Woodland plants thrive in levels.
Woodland raptors capture prey.
Woodland salamanders have backs.
Woodland salamanders have bellies.
Woodland salamanders have pink bellies.
Most woodland salamanders have backs.
Most woodland salamanders have bellies.
Most woodland salamanders have pink bellies.
Woodland trails are narrower and usually unmowed.
Woodland voles consume roots.
Most woodland voles consume roots.
A woodland is a biome
A woodland is a ground
Woodland isa biome.
Woodland isa ground.
Woodland isa land.
Woodlands also are critical for water catchment.
Woodlands also provide much of the watershed's habitat for animal, plant and bird life.
Woodlands are among the most endangered and poorly conserved ecosystems in Australia.
Woodlands are bottomland hardwoods with pines intermingled.
Woodlands are comparable with rainforests in terms of biodiversity.
Woodlands are dominately northern hardwoods.
Woodlands are dynamic, changing from year to year.
Woodlands are lands.
Woodlands are mainly loblolly pine and red oak.
Woodlands are mixed hardwoods dominated by oaks.
Woodlands are mixed hardwoods, mainly oak and maple.
Woodlands are more common.
Woodlands are of the eastern hardwood type.
Woodlands are the home of bluebells, primroses and celandines.
Woodlands are the most prominent plant community.
Woodlands are the natural condition for most areas of the state.
Woodlands become fragmented, decreasing the amount of available habitat for wildlife.
Woodlands can be very dark.
Woodlands can occur in association with prairies, but more frequently they exist surrounding glades.
Woodlands commonly consist of elm, soft maple, willow, and shrubs tolerant of wet sites.
Woodlands consist mostly of live oak and loblolly pines.
Woodlands contain decay trees.
Woodlands contain native and exotic trees.
Woodlands contain trees.
Woodlands features deep bunkers, lakes, and lava rock outcroppings.
Woodlands form boundaries.
Woodlands have an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .
Woodlands have an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses.
Woodlands have deciduous trees.
Woodlands have layers.
Woodlands have ranges.
Woodlands have trees.
Woodlands include debris.
Woodlands include woody debris.
Woodlands is north of Singapore.
Woodlands make way for water meadows and quiet villages of perfectly manicured gardens.
Woodlands needs volunteers to sort and pack donations.
Woodlands offers a wide assortment of food to please every craving.
Woodlands provide breed habitats.
Woodlands provide conditions.
Woodlands provide diets.
Woodlands provide food and shelter in the summer and overwintering sites for hibernation.
Woodlands provide habitats.
Woodlands provide nest habitats.
Woodlands provide vary diets.
Woodlands retreat upslope and northward.
Woodlands serves a diverse student population from the entire metro-Milwaukee community.
Woodlands support various wood products, hunting and other recreation.
Most woodlands contain decay trees.
Most woodlands contain snags and den trees.
Most woodlands contain trees.
Most woodlands have deciduous trees.
Most woodlands have layers.
Most woodlands have ranges.
Most woodlands have trees.
Most woodlands provide breed habitats.
Most woodlands provide conditions.
Most woodlands provide diets.
Most woodlands provide habitats.
Most woodlands provide nest habitats.
Most woodlands provide vary diets.
Some woodlands are dominated by willows.
Some woodlands intersperse with grassland.
Some woodlands possess wolves.
Woodlands culture see Eastern Woodlands culture .
Woodlands hotel Serves south Indian vegetarian cuisine.
Woodlouse is crustacean that is closely related to lobsters and crabs.
Woodlouse isa arthropod.
Woodlouses eat decay leaves.
Woodlouses eat leaves.
Woodlouses eat plants.
Woodlouses feed on decay leaves.
Woodlouses feed on leaves.
Woodlouses have (part) brains.
Woodlouses have (part) carapaces.
Woodlouses have (part) cell membranes.
Woodlouses have (part) cells.
Woodlouses have (part) corpi.
Woodlouses have (part) cytoplasm.
Woodlouses have (part) ears.
Woodlouses have (part) faces.
Woodlouses have (part) heads.
Woodlouses have (part) nuclei.
Woodlouses have (part) pincers.
Woodlouses have (part) plasma membranes.
Woodlouses have (part) sections.
Woodlouses have (part) shells.
Woodlouses have (part) skulls.
Woodlouses have (part) thoraxes.
Woodlouses have (part) vacuoles.
Woodlouses have antennas.
Woodlouses have glands.
Woodlouses have stomachs.
Woodlouses prefer areas.
Woodlouses survive years.
Most woodlouses eat decay leaves.
Most woodlouses eat leaves.
Most woodlouses eat plants.
Most woodlouses feed on decay leaves.
Most woodlouses feed on leaves.
Most woodlouses have antennas.
Most woodlouses have glands.
Most woodlouses prefer areas.
Most woodlouses survive years.
Some woodlouses attack plants.
Some woodlouses become conditions.
Some woodlouses become dry conditions.
Some woodlouses eat shed skin.
Some woodlouses eat skin.
Some woodlouses enter houses.
Some woodlouses exhibit behaviour.
Some woodlouses exhibit negative behaviour.
Some woodlouses feed on rot vegetation.
Some woodlouses feed on vegetation.
Some woodlouses have bacteria.
Some woodlouses have behaviour.
Some woodlouses have gills.
Some woodlouses have heads.
Some woodlouses have legs.
Some woodlouses have negative behaviour.
Some woodlouses have reputations.
Some woodlouses have shells.
Some woodlouses have spiders.
Some woodlouses have surfaces.
Some woodlouses inhabit habitats.
Some woodlouses live for years.
Some woodlouses perform roles.
Some woodlouses perform vital roles.
Some woodlouses prefer dead leaves.
Some woodlouses prefer leaves.
Some woodlouses roll up into balls.
A woodman is a common man
Woodman also is pleased with progress on establishing a university club.
Woodman begins with an idea, but the idea is only the starter button.
Woodman is a fine writer of fiction and nonfiction about the sea.
Woodman is a rather unique supermarket operator.
Woodman is an experienced hands-on therapist, as well as an author and educator.
Woodman is considered one of the strongest voices in nautical fiction today.
Woodman is that kind of writer.
Woodman lives in England and is considered one of the strongest voices in nautical fiction today.
Woodman says the findings suggest new avenues for drug research.
A woodpecker is a bird
Woodpecker acts as the venue for sellers and buyers to participate in auctions.
Woodpecker is a strange bird.
Woodpecker is the same shape as most other small birds.
Woodpecker isa bird.
Woodpecker Produces massive damage to the trunk when nesting.
Woodpecker sounds vary by the material on which the birds peck.
Woodpecker walks up the trunk of tree.
Woodpeckers actively avoid the nutty chunks, but nuthatches most relish the peanut bits.
Woodpeckers also drill holes for nesting and roosting.
Woodpeckers also drum to attract mates and to announce the boundaries of their territories.
Woodpeckers also eat larvae, and other birds, plus mammals, eat eggs and adults.
Woodpeckers also enjoy peanuts.
Woodpeckers also have spongy tissue which is called as shock absorber.
Woodpeckers also peck at wood to find insects for food and to excavate a nest area in a tree.
Woodpeckers also use wood and sometimes metal parts of houses as drumming sites.
Woodpeckers are abundant.
Woodpeckers are all about their protein, whether from larvae, nuts or seeds.
Woodpeckers are almost certain to be heard on their continuous quest for insects.
Woodpeckers are also interesting because they communicate differently then most other bird groups.
Woodpeckers are an ecologically beneficial group of birds with considerable aesthetic value.
Woodpeckers are an important part of the forest.
Woodpeckers are an interesting and familiar group of birds.
Woodpeckers are audible then visible.
Woodpeckers are birds.
Woodpeckers are cavity nesters, excavating nest sites in trees.
Woodpeckers are cavity nesting birds and excavate nesting site in a tree.
Woodpeckers are easy to spot because their hammering is very noisy.
Woodpeckers are found throughout the United States.
Woodpeckers are insectivores that mostly eat ants and grubs.
Woodpeckers are known to peck open the galls and eat the insects in the center.
Woodpeckers are located in forests.
Woodpeckers are noisy as they drill and drum.
Woodpeckers are omnivorous birds that eat seeds, berries, nuts, fruits etc.
Woodpeckers are prettier than numbers.
Woodpeckers are primary cavity nesters.
Woodpeckers are simply impressive birds.
Woodpeckers are some of the earliest nesters on our property.
Woodpeckers are tough birds.
Woodpeckers are tree-dwelling birds with two toes in front and two in back.
Woodpeckers are usually easy to watch due to their habits.
Woodpeckers are very beneficial to our environment.
Woodpeckers are well adapted to maneuvering around tree trunks searching for insects and spiders.
Woodpeckers begin announcing their territories by drumming on loud objects.
Woodpeckers believe that louder is better.
Woodpeckers build their nests mostly in trees with tree rot.
Woodpeckers busily create cavities in hard snags.
Woodpeckers can also be a significant source of mortality.
Woodpeckers can be regular residents in parks and gardens.
Woodpeckers can cause property damage by drilling holes in wood siding and eaves.
Woodpeckers can damage some trees.
Woodpeckers can eat like that, but Starlings hate it.
Woodpeckers can hear when an insect is hiding beneath bark or in a hollow part of the tree.
Woodpeckers can peck holes in houses.
Woodpeckers can pinpoint beetle larvae munching inside a tree.
Woodpeckers can turn a tree into veritable swiss cheese as they bore in search of ants and termites.
Woodpeckers catch fly insects.
Woodpeckers catch insects.
Woodpeckers cause millions of dollars worth of damage to utility poles annually.
Woodpeckers cause problems around homes primarily due to drumming and drilling activities.
Woodpeckers change their diets according to what food sources are most abundant.
Woodpeckers close eyelids.
Woodpeckers close inner eyelids.
Woodpeckers come in a great variety of shapes and colors.
Woodpeckers come to the cactus for habitat.
Woodpeckers dig out and feed on larvae in the wood.
Woodpeckers do it thousands of times a day.
Woodpeckers do occasionally make holes in houses.
Woodpeckers drill other holes in the dead trunks.
Woodpeckers drum in spring, for the dual purposes of attracting a mate and declaring a territory.
Woodpeckers drum, drill, and excavate in wood for many reasons.
Woodpeckers eat bugs, sap, fruit, nuts and seeds.
Woodpeckers eat food.
Woodpeckers eat immature carpenter bees.
Woodpeckers eat larvae.
Woodpeckers eat many different food.
Woodpeckers eat nuts.
Woodpeckers eat termites.
Woodpeckers enjoy eating from feeders such as peanut feeders.
Woodpeckers enjoy suet, which can be placed in a hanging wire container or mesh bag.
Woodpeckers excavate their nests in tree trunks or branches.
Woodpeckers exist in every clime of Africa.
Woodpeckers feed mainly on wood-boring grubs, insects, insect eggs and pupae.
Woodpeckers feed on insects.
Woodpeckers find food.
Woodpeckers find the hollow spots in the wood.
Woodpeckers forage for favorite meals.
Woodpeckers forage for meals.
Woodpeckers go to work on the tree, looking for insects.
Woodpeckers hammer away somewhere in the forest.
Woodpeckers have (part) air sacs.
Woodpeckers have (part) bird's feet.
Woodpeckers have (part) brains.
Woodpeckers have (part) breasts.
Woodpeckers have (part) cell membranes.
Woodpeckers have (part) cells.
Woodpeckers have (part) chest cavities.
Woodpeckers have (part) chests.
Woodpeckers have (part) corpi.
Woodpeckers have (part) cytoplasm.
Woodpeckers have (part) ears.
Woodpeckers have (part) faces.
Woodpeckers have (part) flight feathers.
Woodpeckers have (part) heads.
Woodpeckers have (part) lips.
Woodpeckers have (part) mouths.
Woodpeckers have (part) nuclei.
Woodpeckers have (part) plasma membranes.
Woodpeckers have (part) quill feathers.
Woodpeckers have (part) rib cages.
Woodpeckers have (part) second joints.
Woodpeckers have (part) sections.
Woodpeckers have (part) skulls.
Woodpeckers have (part) sterna.
Woodpeckers have (part) talons.
Woodpeckers have (part) vacuoles.
Woodpeckers have (part) wishbones.
Woodpeckers have a third eyelid to help protect their eyes from debris while drilling into trees.
Woodpeckers have a unique form of communication, called drumming.
Woodpeckers have bones.
Woodpeckers have chisel-like beaks for searching under tree bark to find insects.
Woodpeckers have definite economic importance.
Woodpeckers have feathers.
Woodpeckers have feet.
Woodpeckers have four toes - two facing forward and two facing back.
Woodpeckers have right stuff.
Woodpeckers have short legs.
Woodpeckers have short strong legs.
Woodpeckers have special feet.
Woodpeckers have sticky tongues.
Woodpeckers have stiff tail feathers which act as a brace for moving along vertical tree trunks.
Woodpeckers have strong, straight, chisel-like bills for drilling into wood to catch insects.
Woodpeckers have stuff.
Woodpeckers have tail feathers.
Woodpeckers have tails.
Woodpeckers have to protect themselves from flying wood particles.
Woodpeckers have tongues.
Woodpeckers have touch-sensitive cells at the tip of the tongue.
Woodpeckers have white feathers.
Woodpeckers have wings.
Woodpeckers hollow out nests in old trees decayed by the activity of such fungi as shelf fungus.
Woodpeckers inhabit forest woodlands.
Woodpeckers inhabit orchards.
Woodpeckers inhabit woodlands.
Woodpeckers just use the wood chips at the bottom of the nest.
Woodpeckers lack the syrinx, or voice box, that characterizes songbirds.
Woodpeckers like to eat bark beetle larvae.
Woodpeckers live in areas.
Woodpeckers live in colonies, which use the same storage trees year after year.
Woodpeckers live in every continent except for polar regions, Australia, and Madagascar.
Woodpeckers live in neighborhoods.
Woodpeckers look for their food on tree trunks.
Woodpeckers love it.
Woodpeckers make holes in houses for two basic reasons.
Woodpeckers make nests.
Woodpeckers make new nest cavities in trees each year, which are later used by many birds.
Woodpeckers make noise, some lots of noise.
Woodpeckers make noise.
Woodpeckers meet the nesting challenge by gouging cavities in the trunks of dead trees.
Woodpeckers nest in cavities.
Woodpeckers nest in holes.
Woodpeckers nest in the riverine trees.
Woodpeckers nest in tree cavities, particularly in dead standing trees.
Woodpeckers nest in trees.
Woodpeckers occasionally drill on houses to obtain insects in the wood.
Woodpeckers operate mainly on tree trunks, staying in place propped up by their stiff tail feathers.
Woodpeckers peck holes in the saguaro cactus to make their nests in it.
Woodpeckers peck holes in trees to get at insect food.
Woodpeckers pecking to drum or to make cavities - Woodpeckers also peck on house siding to drum.
Woodpeckers play an important part in Alaska's forest ecosystems.
Woodpeckers prefer habitats.
Woodpeckers prefer large trees.
Woodpeckers prefer trees.
Woodpeckers primarily eat insects, along with fruit, acorns and nuts.
Woodpeckers probe into tree holes with their tongues to feel for insects.
Woodpeckers rely on trees for food.
Woodpeckers remove the outer bark from infested trees to feed on the larvae.
Woodpeckers reopen the trees.
Woodpeckers riddle the wood with holes searching for the immature stages of carpenter bees.
Woodpeckers roost and nest in cavities.
Woodpeckers slide off, unable to get a foothold.
Woodpeckers sound more menacing.
Woodpeckers spend most of their time spiralling up tree trunks searching for insects.
Woodpeckers tap to find food much like a carpenter taps to locate a stud in a wall.
Woodpeckers use bills.
Woodpeckers use resonant undecayed portions of snags as drumming sites for territorial signals.
Woodpeckers use snags both for feeding and for nesting.
Woodpeckers use snags for drumming, nesting, roosting, and feeding.
Woodpeckers use tails.
Woodpeckers use their beaks to sing and drum on trees.
Woodpeckers use their long bills to dig out and eat insects living deep inside tree bark.
Woodpeckers use their long, sticky tongues to pierce the ant's nest and eat ant eggs.
Woodpeckers use their long, thin beaks to search for insects in tree bark.
Woodpeckers use their stiff tail as a prop while climbing in order to balance themselves.
Woodpeckers use their tail for support when they peck tree trunks in search of insects.
Woodpeckers sometimes use telephone poles in the place of dead trees.
Woodpeckers usually drill holes in wood to eat insects that are inside.
Woodpeckers usually excavate new nesting holes each year.
All Woodpeckers are extremely expert at discovering insects as they lie under the bark of trees.
All woodpeckers are welcome to visit our five trees.
All woodpeckers use excavated holes for nesting and roosting at night.
Many woodpeckers also eat fruits, nuts, and even bark.
Many woodpeckers are considered to be endangered animals.
Many woodpeckers hammer on dead, dry limbs to communicate.
Many woodpeckers have a black back with white sideways marks.
Many woodpeckers prefer dead or rotting trees for excavating their nest holes.
Most woodpeckers also have four toes, but two face forward and two are directed to the rear.
Most woodpeckers catch fly insects.
Most woodpeckers close inner eyelids.
Most woodpeckers drill into wood to find their food.
Most woodpeckers eat food.
Most woodpeckers eat larvae.
Most woodpeckers eat many different food.
Most woodpeckers eat nuts.
Most woodpeckers eat termites.
Most woodpeckers feed on insects.
Most woodpeckers find food.
Most woodpeckers forage for favorite meals.
Most woodpeckers have bones.
Most woodpeckers have feathers.
Most woodpeckers have feet.
Most woodpeckers have right stuff.
Most woodpeckers have short legs.
Most woodpeckers have short strong legs.
Most woodpeckers have sticky tongues.
Most woodpeckers have stuff.
Most woodpeckers have tail feathers.
Most woodpeckers have tails.
Most woodpeckers have tongues.
Most woodpeckers have white feathers.
Most woodpeckers have wings.
Most woodpeckers inhabit forest woodlands.
Most woodpeckers inhabit orchards.
Most woodpeckers inhabit woodlands.
Most woodpeckers live in areas.
Most woodpeckers live in neighborhoods.
Most woodpeckers live year-round in the same area.
Most woodpeckers make nests.
Most woodpeckers make noise.
Most woodpeckers nest in cavities.
Most woodpeckers nest in holes.
Most woodpeckers nest in trees.
Most woodpeckers prefer habitats.
Most woodpeckers prefer large trees.
Most woodpeckers prefer trees.
Most woodpeckers use bills.
Most woodpeckers use tails.
Some woodpeckers cause damage.
Some woodpeckers cause property damage.
Some woodpeckers cause severe damage.
Some woodpeckers cause severe property damage.
Some woodpeckers choose mates.
Some woodpeckers come to backyard bird feeders.
Some woodpeckers come to feeders.
Some woodpeckers eat feathers.
Some woodpeckers eat fruit.
Some woodpeckers feed babies.
Some woodpeckers feed on larvae.
Some woodpeckers have components.
Some woodpeckers have homes.
Some woodpeckers have interest.
Some woodpeckers have patches.
Some woodpeckers have toes.
Some woodpeckers have two toes in front and two toes in back.
Some woodpeckers love seeds.
Some woodpeckers love sunflower seeds.
Some woodpeckers make homes.
Some woodpeckers make their homes in the larger species.
Some woodpeckers put acorns in their holes.
Some woodpeckers seek insects.
Some woodpeckers share homes.
Some woodpeckers sit on feeders.
A woodpile is a pile
Woodpiles are also a common place for springtails to hide.
Woodpiles are especially good places for rats and mice to nest.
Woodpiles are piles.
Woodpiles are to be left uncovered or covered with green or black tarp.
Woodpiles can be important too.
Woodrose fruit is used extensively in dried flower arrangements and wreaths.
Woodruff Park is on the left.
Woodruff Park is on the right.
Woodruff Park is one block south on the left side of the street.
A woodsman is a common man
Woodsmen often read tree rings to find the compass points.
Many Woodsong artists do special orders.
Woodstove cooking can be slow as stoking a very hot fire takes time.
A woodwind instrument is wind
Woodwind instruments are instruments.
Woodwind instruments are located in lockers.
Woodwind instruments are located in music stores.
Woodwind instruments are played in a variety of ways.
Woodwind instruments are used for enjoyment.
Woodwind instruments are used for music.
Woodwind instruments are used for playing.
Woodwind instruments are used for sound.
Woodwind instruments have several different embouchures.
Woodwind instruments make music by reeds or by blowing across a sharp edge.
Woodwind instruments operate in a similar manner.
Woodwind instruments produce sound.
Woodwind instruments produce their sounds in a manner similar to the straw demonstration.
Woodwind instruments push teeth out, while brass instruments push teeth in.
All woodwind instruments are made of wood.
All woodwind instruments require the same care.
Most woodwind instruments produce sound.
Some woodwind instruments use a reed to make the sounds play.
A woodwind is wind
Woodwind is a special boat.
Woodwind is a trimaran with a sloop rig.
Woodwind is soundless.
Woodwind isa device.
Woodwind sails four times a day.
Woodwind starts sailing twice a day.
Woodwinds add chromatic scale.
Woodwinds are instruments.
Woodwinds are located in symphonies.
Woodwinds are musical instruments.
Woodwinds are now better than ever with the addition of new slat colors and designer tapes.
Woodwinds are used for play.
Woodwinds are wind instruments.
Woodwinds drift in the spaces between guitar strings.
Woodwinds have (part) finger holes.
Woodwinds have (part) sections.
Woodwinds lead into a long scalic descent from the piano.
Woodwinds present a legato melody in long notes.
Woodwinds then introduce the folkish principal theme, animated by crisp dotted rhythms.
Woodwork machinery performs functions.
Woodwork machinery performs same functions.
Woodwork shops use wood.
Woodwork has (part) sections.
Woodwork is a lot easier to improve than it used to be.
Woodwork is a musicians band.
Woodwork is all black walnut and the doorknobs are the original ones.
Woodwork is artifacts.
Woodwork is ash.
Woodwork is painted, as well, in off-whites instead of having a natural wood finish.
Woodwork is used by the employees as firewood.
Woodwork is work
Woodwork is work.
Woodwork isa artifact.
Woodwork makes incredibly unique gifts and can be personally inscribed for any occasion.
Woodwork plans on the Web.
Woodwork requires dexterity, and the appeal of German lessons fades very fast.
All woodwork is flawless.
All woodwork is in bristol condition.
All woodwork is red cedar.
A woodworker is an artisan
Woodworker selects materials in Western North Carolina.
Woodworkers are also in the high risk category for solvent, preservative and adhesive exposure.
Woodworkers are craftsmans.
Woodworkers can always benifit from learning about the work of other craftsman.
Woodworkers can customize their tools for improved performance and better results.
Woodworkers follow strict safety precautions to reduce the risk of injury.
Woodworkers have different needs when it comes to sharpening stones.
Woodworkers know the hazards of woodshop dust.
Woodworkers love to look at other woodworker's shops for ideas.
Woodworkers offer alternatives to painted cabinet interiors.
Woodworkers share techniques for attaching work to concrete block walls.
Woodworkers still respect and value black cherry.
Woodworkers use it to make golf club heads, billiard cues, and shuttles that are used in weaving.
Woodworkers use power saws, planers, sanders, lathes, joiners, and routers.
Woodworkers use wood or rubber mallets when striking wood to keep from denting it.
Woodworkers voice their views on the virtues and liabilities of both sliding and vertical saws.
Many woodworkers feel that frame and panel door making is difficult.
Many woodworkers have a number of theories about how and when to remove glue squeeze out.
Many woodworkers now use brad and finish nailers to greatly speed assembly of projects.
Most woodworkers are a little too conservative for their own good.
Most woodworkers learn the basic machine job tasks in a few months.
Most woodworkers learn the basic machine operations or job tasks in a few months.
Most woodworkers operate a specific woodworking machine, but some operate a variety of machines.
Most woodworkers sand too much, because that seems safer than sanding too little.
Most woodworkers stay away from the process because it is somewhat intimidating.
Some woodworkers belong to a union.
Some woodworkers object to the messiness of oil stones.
Some woodworkers refuse to use solvent based finishes for health or ecological reasons.
Some woodworkers take cut lists one step further.
Some woody biomass uses for electricity.
Some woody biomass uses for generate electricity.
Woody debris provides habitats.
Most woody debris provides habitats.
Some woody debris offers resistance.
Some woody fruit contains brazil nuts.
Some woody fruit contains nuts.
Some woody fruit contains oblong nuts.
Most woody growth occurs in unconnected parallel lines up the trunk.
Woody plant growth is caused by maturation.
A woody plant is a tracheophyte
Woody plants are a common component of most rangelands around the world.
Woody plants are absent and standing water is present only after heavy rains.
Woody plants are always perennials often long lived and can be very large.
Woody plants are less affected than succulent plants.
Woody plants are mainly blackbrush, agarito, condalias, pricklypear, guayacan, and guajillo.
Woody plants are mesquite, huisache, hackberry and thorny brush.
Woody plants are perennials and have special strategies for winter survival.
Woody plants are perennials that produce winter buds above the ground on over-wintering branches.
Woody plants are scarce.
Woody plants are solid objects.
Woody plants are terrestrial organisms.
Woody plants are the foundation of the landscape.
Woody plants are usually either trees, shrubs, or lianas.
Woody plants are vascular plants.
Woody plants are very important for wildlife.
Woody plants establish in areas.
Woody plants grow to height.
Woody plants grow to tree height.
Woody plants have appearances.
Woody plants have roots.
Woody plants have stems.
Woody plants produce leaves.
Woody plants produce seeds.
Woody plants shed leaves.
All woody plants shed branches in response to shading and competition.
Any woody plant is eligible to be a bonsai.
Many woody plants are able to tolerate both sun and shade.
Many woody plants are also sensitive to lack of iron and zinc.
Many woody plants have living cells in the outer bark when they are young.
Most woody plants are now leafless, and the herbs have given up their green shoots.
Most woody plants establish in areas.
Most woody plants grow best when the light intensity is high.
Most woody plants grow to height.
Most woody plants grow to tree height.
Most woody plants have appearances.
Most woody plants have roots.
Most woody plants produce leaves.
Most woody plants produce seeds.
Most woody plants require full sunlight for proper growth and flower bloom.
Most woody plants require full sunlight for proper growth and flowering.
Most woody plants require less moisture late in the growing season.
Most woody plants shed leaves.
Some woody plants provide food.
Most woody species are quite low.
Woody weeds cause problems.
Most woody weeds cause problems.
A woof is thread
Woof isa sound.
Some woofs are inherently ambiguous.
A woofer is a speaker
Woofers are free to travel, live and work between farms on a voluntary basis.
Woofers are the biggest drivers, and are designed to produce low frequency sounds.
Woofers specialize in producing low frequencies and are the largest of the drivers.
Woofers Welcome to our shop.
Wookie porn is pretty lame, even by porn standards.
WOOL alas lacks lots of features from real lisps, for the sake of small footprint.
Wool blankets are best for cold weather while thermal weaves are comfortable in warmer weather.
Wool breeds have periods.
Wool fibres are naturally soft, springy and resilient, cool in summer and warm in winter.
Wool hat is stiffened and lined.
Wool socks are a necessity.
Wool socks are best because they stay warm when wet.
Wool socks are best.
Wool socks are economical and much warmer than cotton, wet or dry.
Wool socks are especially important in non-tropical climates.
Wool socks are great.
Wool socks are warm and they also absorb moisture.
Wool socks are warmer than cotton.
Wool station is two miles away and there are usually taxis available.
Wool absorbs moisture and allows for air circulation near the skin.
Wool absorbs moisture readily and reduces foot perspiration and discomfort.
Wool accounts for a small percentage of carpeting sold today.
Wool alleviates allergies, asthma, chronic pain with safety and comfort.
Wool alleviates allergies, asthma, chronic pain with safety and healing warmth and comfort.
Wool allows air to reach the skin and reduces the chance of skin breakdown.
Wool breeds sheep show and sale.
Wool can be sheer, thin, soft, thick, stiff or anything in between.
Wool can be very nice, but slightly less intense.
Wool comes from New Zealand.
Wool comes from sheep.
Wool comes from sheep.
Wool comes from the hair of sheep and silk thread is spun from the cocoon of the silkworm moth.
Wool consists of a fine, long and elastic protein called keratin.
Wool consists of protein fibers.
Wool continues as it has for the last ten thousand years, as the premier clothing fibre.
Wool cover in very good condition.
Wool find Home between way along lots chile and telecommunication before hear beyond the hair.
Wool find Home between way along lots telecom before hear beyond the hair.
Wool find Home between way along lots weight commander before hear beyond the hair.
Wool glossing agents are also available for similar production including double face.
Wool has (part) hems.
Wool has (part) sections.
Wool hats over ears.
Wool helps regulate body temperature because it is an absorbent fiber.
Wool is cloth
Wool is coats.
Wool is fabric.
Wool is located in butts.
Wool is located in clothing stores.
Wool is located in sheep farms.
Wool is located in sheep.
Wool is located in shirts.
Wool is located in sweaters.
Wool is materials.
Wool is natural fiber.
Wool is natural fibre.
Wool is organic matter.
Wool is protective covering.
Wool is used for sweaters.
Wool isa cloth.
Wool isa fabric.
Wool lend that region outside an forbidden alternative health.
Wool looks and wears better than any other material.
Wool offer Intention during an shape amid many service.
Wool pillows, mattress pads and comforters regulate the temperature in all seasons.
Wool ranges from white to black, with shades of gray, beige, brown, red and roan between.
Wool ranges from white to black, with shades of gray, beige, brown, red and roan in between.
Wool reacts badly to abrupt temperature changes.
Wool relies on flocks of sheep and goats that often denude environmentally fragile land.
Wool relies on large flocks of sheep that denude fragile, arid areas of earth.
Wool resists dirt and needs cleaning less frequently then other fibers.
Wool shrinks in hot water.
Wool sleeps warm in the winter and cool in the summer.
Wool soaks in baby oil.
Wool soaks in oil.
Wool socks at night and night caps are desirable.
Wool socks inside warm slippers.
Wool socks with synthetic wicking liners work better than anything.
Wool takes up most of the dye, while the cotton is left mostly undyed.
Wool tends to freshen up well with a brisk brushing.
Wool tops and slivers for the yarn spinning industry.
Wool tops for yarn spinning.
Wool trust away most course until sigh king cobra gap wedge.
Wool wears for years with lasting good looks.
Wool works the same way as polypro but can be itchy.
All wool is domestic and promotes the wool growers of Colorado and New Mexico.
All wool is sold on a clean basis whether by grease weight price or clean weight price.
All wool is useful for something.
Most wool comes from sheep.
Most wool soaks in baby oil.
Most wool soaks in oil.
Some wool attracts blowflies.
Some wool becomes commodities.
Some wool becomes valuable commodities.
Some wool conducts electricity.
Some wool deters leeches.
Some wool has potential.
Some wool has warmth.
Some wool requires special treatments.
Some wool requires treatments.
Some wool wear in center, good condition overall.
A woolen is cloth
Woolens do, however, provide exceptional warmth due to their density and ability to trap air.
Woolies is a UK trim supply with world-wide mail order on upholstery, trimmings, body fittings.
Woolly buggers are the most popular pattern, but matukas and spruce flies also work well.
Woolly monkeys inhabit regions.
Woolly nylon is a stretch thread made of texturized nylon or polyester.
Woolly sweaters can trigger allergies .
Woolwich library is a district library with a full range of library and information services.
Wooly buggers are a local favorite.
Wooly buggers can do it all.
Wooly daisy is found in the high mountains on open, rocky, alpine slopes, often on limestone talus.
Worcester residents come from a wide variety of ethnicity and backgrounds.
Word art is a quick way to make neat customized logos and banners in an easy to use interface.
Word attack is a measure of the ability to read unknown words.
Word boundaries are the same as backward-word .
Word boundaries are the same as forward-word .
Word chains are an easy way to create and make excellent music.
Word chains connect by having the last letter of the word be the first letter of the next word.
Word choice is acceptable for the intended audience.
Word choice is adequate, and some variation in sentence structure is demonstrated.
Word choice is adequate, and variation in sentence structure is demonstrated.
Word choice is adequate.
Word choice is also a bit choppy.
Word choice is an effective way to analyze ideas, to note preoccupations, to explore personality.
Word choice is appropriate and accurate.
Word choice is appropriate for audience and purpose.
Word choice is appropriate to the writer s purpose.
Word choice is appropriate to writer s purpose.
Word choice is appropriate.
Word choice is clear and precise.
Word choice is consistently concise and precise, and the overall tone is consistently appropriate.
Word choice is consistently precise and appropriate.
Word choice is consistently precise, varied, economical or inventive.
Word choice is correct though limited.
Word choice is effective.
Word choice is exact and interesting.
Word choice is extremely important in poetry, since the poem is such a compact form.
Word choice is generally appropriate, but very limited.
Word choice is generally appropriate.
Word choice is generally good.
Word choice is generally precise, varied, economical, or inventive.
Word choice is idiomatic, vocabulary precise.
Word choice is immature and often inappropriate.
Word choice is inaccurate or there are many repetitions.
Word choice is inappropriate to the intended audience.
Word choice is inappropriate, incorrect, or inconsistent.
Word choice is limited, inappropriate, or vague.
Word choice is merely adequate, and the range of words is limited.
Word choice is occasionally precise, varied, economical, or inventive.
Word choice is one component of effective writing that seems obvious.
Word choice is particularly important in a thesis sentence.
Word choice is simple and adds little detail.
Word choice is the use of rich, colorful, precise language that moves and enlightens the reader.
Word choice makes an incredible difference in how the rhythm works.
Word choice refers to the language employed to convey the message.
Word choices are accurate and appropriate.
Word choices are almost always simple and general.
Word choices are correct and appropriate for academic writing.
Word choices are limited or unsuitable.
Word choices are precise, fresh and vivid.
Word choices are precise, fresh, and vivid.
Word choices are unusual and often very evocative.
Word choices can appear in a vertical list.
Word choices can help identify reporters' biases.
Some word choices are inappropriate.
Word clocks are clocks that display the time visually using sentences.
Word completion is defined as offering the user a list of words after a letter has been typed.
Word count deserves a few moments of our time.
Word count includes articles, prepositions, conjunctions, and the title of the selection.
Word count is important.
Word count is indicated.
Word count is pretty free here, depending on the genre and medium of intended publication.
Word count is printed on the title page.
Word count is the number of times the word or phrase appears in documents.
Word count varies.
Word counts are firm usually because of limited space.
Word division is part of alphabets.
Word document contains ten short-answer questions on options, with answers.
Word document is a checklist for starting a new business.
Word document is adequate.
Word document is attached.
Word documents are bloatware .
Word documents are in a proprietary format .
Word documents are preferred.
Word documents can contain macros that are powerful enough to be used for viruses and worms.
Word documents can include other documents, but the facility that does so is inflexible.
Word documents created on infected machines can spread the virus.
Word documents have the added functionality of pre-programmed field checking and calculations.
Word documents is part of the webquest.
Word documents made on one version of Word are often unreadable by other versions.
Most word documents are easy to open.
Word file Includes instructions.
Word files are MS Word for Windows files.
Word files are notorious.
Word files are preferred.
Word files are slow to send and waste space.
Word files are the most likely deliverables which most can manage.
Word files ca.
Word files can carry a virus, so it is a good idea to scan the file before opening it.
Word Files Save to floppy, then double click on file to have files extracted.
A word form is a word
Word Forms Click on the correct answer.
Word Forms Create forms including text boxes, check boxes and pull-down lists.
Word forms provide support for dropdown lists, reducing the possibility for errors.
Word frequencies can reveal what is typically honoured, and favouritisms too.
Word frequencies help understand content and style.
A word game is a parlour game
Word games are best.
Word games are games.
Word games are great for parties or multiplayer interaction.
Word games are obselite, practice is the only realistic way.
Word games help students master the vocabulary of algebra.
Word games using synonyms and antonyms are also helpful.
Some word games are simple enough for preschool children while others are extremely complex.
Word groups are groups of words around a common topic.
Word Groups Learn essential vocabulary by studying words divided into word groups.
Word learning can be fun.
Word length is measured by counting the letters in each word , or by counting syllables .
Word length is measured by counting the letters in each word, or by counting syllables.
Word length is measured in terms of the number of syllables.
Word length varies from section to section, piece to piece.
Word links are just so ameatur looking.
Word lists are easy to enter, select, modify and delete when no longer needed.
Word lists are problematic.
Word lists can be for a beginner or an intermediate level.
Word lists contain English translations of foreign words.
Word lists contain user-definable characters.
Word lists integrated into the stories build and reinforce English skills.
Word lists reside in memory.
Word macros are slow since they are written in Basic.
Word macros can quickly spread within work groups where individuals share data documents.
Words of Art provides a glossary of theory and criticism for the visual arts.
Words of faith seem to have an unspoken quality.
Word of honor given by a prisoner t is captor.
Word of honor is promise
Word Of Life is a dynamic church based in Uppsala, Sweden.
Words of love are merely promises.
Words of love mean less than things.
Words of love sound hopelessly melodramatic.
Word of mouse is all powerful.
A word of mouth is gossip
Word of mouth brings in more students the next year.
Word of mouth can be a good source of information.
Word of mouth can be a valuable tool in locating quality medical care.
Word of mouth can be a very effective source of leads.
Word of mouth can be as much a threat to growers as any of the above issues.
Word of mouth can be both a powerful and a detrimental public relations and recruitment tool.
Word of mouth can be powerful.
Word of mouth can be powerfully persuasive.
Word of mouth can be the best advertising, so give testimonials.
Word of mouth can be the most powerful, cost-effective advertising of all.
Word of mouth can be very valuable.
Word of mouth can become quite contagious.
Word of mouth can come from many different sources and in many forms.
Word of mouth can do wonders.
Word of mouth can go a long way online.
Word of mouth can make or break a band quicker then the quality of the riffs they string together.
Word of mouth can make or break a new business.
Word of mouth can weed out any carrier providing poor service.
Word of mouth continues to be our favorite and best form of advertising.
Word of mouth depends on words.
Word of mouth does the rest.
Word of mouth equals viral marketing.
Word of mouth has a way of creating a viral marketing environment that feeds on itself.
Word of mouth helps a lot.
Word of mouth helps as much.
Word of mouth helps, too.
Word of mouth is a continuing phenomenon, much more powerful.
Word of mouth is a fine but extremely limited tool.
Word of mouth is a good way - speak to other webmasters, see who they recommend and find reliable.
Word of mouth is a good way to find a qualified specialist.
Word of mouth is a good way to find an attorney.
Word of mouth is a good way.
Word of mouth is a great ally.
Word of mouth is a great source of information.
Word of mouth is a great way of attracting good employees.
Word of mouth is a great way to find out about a product.
Word of mouth is a huge form of advertising for a park.
Word of mouth is a huge part of building an author.
Word of mouth is a powerful client building tool.
Word of mouth is a powerful concept on the Internet.
Word of mouth is a powerful tool in the dissemination of ideas.
Word of mouth is a powerful tool.
Word of mouth is a quick, free, powerful form of communication.
Word of mouth is a reliable way.
Word of mouth is a slow process.
Word of mouth is a substitute for experience.
Word of mouth is a very effective means of advertising.
Word of mouth is a very effective sales technique.
Word of mouth is a very powerful tool and can be either a detriment or advantage.
Word of mouth is a very valuable tool for increasing awareness.
Word of mouth is a wonderful thing.
Word of mouth is also a good way to get the inside track.
Word of mouth is also a great way to research a card.
Word of mouth is also a powerful promotion tool online.
Word of mouth is also a valuable resource.
Word of mouth is also how a lot of people get connections to an Au Pair job.
Word of mouth is also important, too.
Word of mouth is also such a strong force.
Word of mouth is always an option.
Word of mouth is always best.
Word of mouth is always helpful.
Word of mouth is always the best form of advertising.
Word of mouth is always the best publicity.
Word of mouth is always the best way to find a job.
Word of mouth is an effective form of communication, as well as ethnic radio programming.
Word of mouth is an excellent resource for information about equine practitioners.
Word of mouth is an excellent resource.
Word of mouth is an excellent vehicle for free advertising.
Word of mouth is an excellent way to find out what type of equipment passes or fails the test.
Word of mouth is an important advertising market for teaching dance.
Word of mouth is an important part of selling any product.
Word of mouth is an important part of the marketing plan.
Word of mouth is an important way to connect potential students with our program.
Word of mouth is an interesting thing with kids.
Word of mouth is another popular way of finding out what exist in cyberspace.
Word of mouth is best.
Word of mouth is better however.
Word of mouth is better than no mouth at all or indeed too much mouthing off.
Word of mouth is by far and away the best and most effective form of advertising there is.
Word of mouth is critical.
Word of mouth is currently the only coordinating system.
Word of mouth is definitely still the number one referral source.
Word of mouth is effective advertising for good or bad.
Word of mouth is effective and a time-honored method that can 't be stifled or controlled.
Word of mouth is even more valuable.
Word of mouth is everything.
Word of mouth is generally the best way.
Word of mouth is great, but each child is different.
Word of mouth is how most news gets around town, locals say.
Word of mouth is how our product became successful.
Word of mouth is important, too.
Word of mouth is king when it comes to the coffee business.
Word of mouth is looked to as the only place where people can learn the downside of the product.
Word of mouth is mass media personified.
Word of mouth is more important than marketing, advertising or published reviews.
Word of mouth is more powerful than Super Bowl ads.
Word of mouth is much slower than a printing press.
Word of mouth is often a good way to find out about a job vacancy.
Word of mouth is often our best resource.
Word of mouth is often the best form of advertisement and assurance of a well done site.
Word of mouth is often the best form of distribution.
Word of mouth is often the best resource when looking for a florist.
Word of mouth is often the best way to advertise.
Word of mouth is one of one of the best references both for good and bad breeders.
Word of mouth is one of the best avenues for flushing out keys.
Word of mouth is one of the best barometers of the Internet business, or at least it was.
Word of mouth is one of the best forms of free advertising.
Word of mouth is one of the best tactics to find out who has the most business.
Word of mouth is one of the best ways of finding a good visual artist.
Word of mouth is one of the best ways to build a list of clientele.
Word of mouth is one of the most commonly used recruiting sources in the small business community.
Word of mouth is one of the most powerful adverstising agents.
Word of mouth is one of the most powerful forces on the Internet.
Word of mouth is one of the most powerful tools.
Word of mouth is one of the strongest marketing tools in wrestling.
Word of mouth is one reason for the steady pipeline of Swedish talent.
Word of mouth is one way to preserve folklore, but the written word endures time.
Word of mouth is one way.
Word of mouth is our best advertisement.
Word of mouth is our best advertising investment.
Word of mouth is our best advertising.
Word of mouth is our best adviertisement.
Word of mouth is our best compliment.
Word of mouth is our best form of advertising.
Word of mouth is our best form of outreach.
Word of mouth is our best friend.
Word of mouth is our best source.
Word of mouth is our best support.
Word of mouth is our greatest advertising.
Word of mouth is our main form of advertising and business builds.
Word of mouth is our most effective marketing tool.
Word of mouth is our number one form of promotion.
Word of mouth is our strongest form of advertising.
Word of mouth is people speaking freely about something to other people.
Word of mouth is powerful and works wonders.
Word of mouth is powerful marketing too.
Word of mouth is powerful.
Word of mouth is probably the best method.
Word of mouth is probably the most common way of finding professionals.
Word of mouth is probably the most powerful form of communication in the business world.
Word of mouth is really one of the best ways to do it.
Word of mouth is really strong.
Word of mouth is so incredibly powerful.
Word of mouth is still a powerful promotion tactic.
Word of mouth is still one of our most powerful recruiting tactics.
Word of mouth is still one of the most powerful means of communication.
Word of mouth is still our best advertising.
Word of mouth is still the best advertising pound for pound.
Word of mouth is still the best advertising.
Word of mouth is still the best and cheapest form of advertising.
Word of mouth is still the best form of advertising.
Word of mouth is still the best means of exposure on the Internet.
Word of mouth is still the best method of advertising.
Word of mouth is still the best way to get customers.
Word of mouth is still the best way to increase membership.
Word of mouth is still the best way to involve individuals.
Word of mouth is still the best way to sell.
Word of mouth is still the most important advertising.
Word of mouth is still the most powerful marketing medium.
Word of mouth is such an effective way to get the message out.
Word of mouth is sufficient.
Word of mouth is terrific.
Word of mouth is the best advertisement, positive and negative.
Word of mouth is the best advertisement.
Word of mouth is the best advertising after all.
Word of mouth is the best advertising and loyalty is an immeasurable factor.
Word of mouth is the best advertising around, read about recent customer comments here.
Word of mouth is the best advertising there is.
Word of mouth is the best advertising, y know.
Word of mouth is the best advertising.
Word of mouth is the best advertizement.
Word of mouth is the best endorsement.
Word of mouth is the best form of advertisement.
Word of mouth is the best form of advertising, as they say.
Word of mouth is the best form of advertising.
Word of mouth is the best indicator.
Word of mouth is the best method available for spreading the news and acquiring new members.
Word of mouth is the best recommendation.
Word of mouth is THE best recommendation.
Word of mouth is the best reference.
Word of mouth is the best route.
Word of mouth is the best source of information to find great hostels.
Word of mouth is the best source.
Word of mouth is the best type of review, and is the best way to build subscribers.
Word of mouth is the best way for a new cartoon to get known.
Word of mouth is the best way to advertise programs.
Word of mouth is the best way to advertise.
Word of mouth is the best way to find a band or anything else for that matter.
Word of mouth is the best way to find a comfortable fit.
Word of mouth is the best way to find a lawyer.
Word of mouth is the best way to find out about a family daycare setting.
Word of mouth is the best way to find the right tax adviser.
Word of mouth is the best way to promote anything.
Word of mouth is the best way to select any vendor.
Word of mouth is the best way.
Word of mouth is the best, cheapest and slowest form of advertising around today.
Word of mouth is the best, or call a local music school, conservatory, orchestra, etc.
Word of mouth is the chapel's only advertising.
Word of mouth is the easiest, most effective, and time-honored method.
Word of mouth is the enemy.
Word of mouth is the first and foremost way in which artists are discovered.
Word of mouth is the hardest kind of negative publicity there is to overcome.
Word of mouth is the least expensive and most effective way to get new business.
Word of mouth is the least expensive, most effective way to get new business.
Word of mouth is the most effective form of advertising.
Word of mouth is the most effective recruiting tool.
Word of mouth is the most efficient form of advertising.
Word of mouth is the most powerful advertising tool out there.
Word of mouth is the most powerful force on the planet.
Word of mouth is the most powerful tool available.
Word of mouth is the most powerful tool.
Word of mouth is the next best way to get the word out.
Word of mouth is the only kind of advertising that has to be deserved.
Word of mouth is the principal source of info about cultural institutions.
Word of mouth is the strongest publicity on the planet.
Word of mouth is ultimately the most reliable source of endorsement for a product.
Word of mouth is usually a good method of finding a qualified instructor.
Word of mouth is usually a good referral source, as well.
Word of mouth is usually the best possible recruitment tool.
Word of mouth is usually the best way to develop a customer base.
Word of mouth is usually the best way.
Word of mouth is usually the best.
Word of mouth is very big.
Word of mouth is very powerful.
Word of mouth is very unreliable.
Word of mouth is vibrantly alive and well and growing in importance.
Word of mouth is what consumers trust the most when it comes to a product or service.
Word of mouth is what is going to make it continue to grow.
Word of mouth is what really sells books at our level.
Word of mouth is, after all, the oldest form of advertising.
Word of mouth is, as always, the best guide.
Word of mouth is, in fact, the only fully honest marketing technique.
Word of mouth keeps a waiting list long at quality childcare programs.
Word of mouth leads to huge sales and our editor is exalted above measure.
Word of mouth makes finding and keeping jobs much easier.
Word of mouth plays an important part.
Word of mouth remains a powerful form of advertising.
Word of mouth seems to be generating better attendance than a few years ago.
Word of mouth seems to be the best way to hunt for quality agents with a track record.
Word of mouth seems to inspire many submissions.
Word of mouth seems to work pretty good.
Word of mouth sells more books than all the glossy print ads going.
Word of mouth sells records better than anything.
Word of mouth spreads extremely fast.
Word of mouth spreads quicker online.
Word of mouth takes a long time to cycle.
Word of mouth tends to be one of the best ways to find a spiritual director.
Word of mouth travels fast, reputations are important, rumors abound.
Word of mouth travels faster and farther than ever before, good or bad.
Word of mouth travels faster when it's good words than any ad can.
Word of mouth travels quickly.
Word of mouth works the same on the net as it does in everyday life.
Word of mouth works well in financial services.
Word of mouth wove it.
Words of wisdom are sometimes unwelcome.
Word order can be important.
Word order can greatly affect the value of a domain name.
Word order can vary.
Word order depends on tense.
Word order does make a difference.
Word order is also important in English with phrases smaller that a sentence.
Word order is based on standard A through Z now in use in Vietnamese lexical works.
Word order is central to English sentence structure.
Word order is completely free, since the meaning is in the suffixes.
Word order is critical.
Word order is grammatically free with no particular fixed order.
Word order is highly flexible.
Word order is ignored in the search.
Word order is important in browse searching.
Word order is important in communicating meaning in English.
Word order is important in English grammar because it carries meaning.
Word order is important.
Word order is insignifiant.
Word order is irrelevant in keyword searching.
Word order is maintained.
Word order is no longer free, and syntax is more complex.
Word order is one of the most important and significant features of a language such as English.
Word order is only one way languages can be grouped together.
Word order is order
Word order is ordering.
Word order is part of text.
Word order is simple and is the same as in English.
Word order is the key.
Word order is the other big difference .
Word order is the other big difference.
Word order is the real key to a craftily written sentence.
Word order is used for simple and frequently used features of the grammar.
Word order is very important for showing grammatical relationships since there is no inflection.
Word order is, therefore, very important.
Word order makes a difference in some search engines.
Word order makes a difference.
Word order makes no difference.
Word order remains highly flexible.
Word order tends to follow a similar pattern in the different tongues.
Word order varies.
Some word order is part of almanacs.
Some word order is part of anthems.
Some word order is part of anthologies.
Some word order is part of atlases.
Some word order is part of ballads.
Some word order is part of boogie.
Some word order is part of booklets.
Some word order is part of books.
Some word order is part of catalogs.
Some word order is part of cookbooks.
Some word order is part of correspondence.
Some word order is part of dictionaries.
Some word order is part of ditties.
Some word order is part of encyclopedias.
Some word order is part of figures.
Some word order is part of films.
Some word order is part of glossaries.
Some word order is part of guidebooks.
Some word order is part of headers.
Some word order is part of headings.
Some word order is part of headlines.
Some word order is part of hymns.
Some word order is part of illustrations.
Some word order is part of invitation.
Some word order is part of invites.
Some word order is part of jokes.
Some word order is part of letters.
Some word order is part of lullabies.
Some word order is part of magazines.
Some word order is part of manuals.
Some word order is part of movies.
Some word order is part of newspapers.
Some word order is part of notes.
Some word order is part of phonebooks.
Some word order is part of poems.
Some word order is part of postcard.
Some word order is part of primer.
Some word order is part of publications.
Some word order is part of songs.
Some word order is part of text.
Some word order is part of textbooks.
Some word order is part of titles.
Some word order is part of vocabulary.
Word orientation affects the style by which it is presented.
Word perfect comes with seven styles, some automatic, some manual.
A word picture is a description
Word pictures add a graphic dimension to text.
Word pictures are all very well.
Word pictures are descriptions.
Word pictures consist of words plus arrows, lines, boxes and distinctive positions.
Word pictures help to solidify what they are being taught.
Word play is recreation
Word play seems to be very important to the book.
Word power can give a lot of meaning to the practice.
Word prediction can be a helpful feature for people with literacy difficulties.
Word prediction is assistive software that functions similarly to macros.
Word prediction presents a list of guesses for the word that the student is typing.
Word prediction provides poor spellers on-line assistance, making the whole endeavor less stressful.
Word prediction uses built-in dictionaries to predict which word is being typed.
Word prediction works in either mode.
Some word prediction is available.
Word problems accompany each fact page.
Word problems are weak.
Word problems can become world problems.
Word problems connect math concepts to the real world.
Word problems cover the range of difficulties and there are a sufficient number.
Word problems exist in all realms of mathematics.
Word problems help bridge the gap between math and the real world.
Word problems Help students build problem solving skills.
Word problems involve concepts from physics and chemistry, as well as business and economics.
Word problems relate algebra to familiar situations, helping students understand abstract concepts.
Word problems review.
A word processing is a data processing
Word processing allows all sorts of routine and non-routine typing without that frustration.
Word processing allows creativity to flow and revision to take place without laborious re-copying.
Word processing allows the user to revise text without retyping an entire document.
Word processing are data processing.
Word processing are processing.
Word Processing Can convert from other programs.
Word processing combines the ability to edit text with the ability to format it.
Word processing continues to be judged most important of the listed software skills.
Word processing facilitates the recursive nature of writing.
Word processing has less problems.
Word processing is a skill which employers increasingly regard as essential.
Word processing is a standard writing tool for students.
Word processing is acceptable providing it is done under teacher supervision.
Word processing is also available at each library location.
Word processing is also available for all currently enrolled students.
Word processing is also available on the Internet workstations.
Word processing is also available.
Word processing is also the doorway to using electronic post and chatting.
Word processing is an analogous skill.
Word processing is an application, for example.
Word processing is an important part of being a college student.
Word processing is available daily.
Word processing is available for classes and individual students.
Word processing is available in many languages.
Word processing is available in the library for students.
Word processing is available on four library terminals.
Word processing is available to students and is taught by the writing faculty and in some courses.
Word processing is available to the public on three computers in the adult area.
Word processing is available, sign-up is required.
Word processing is available.
Word processing is bulleted, press enter.
Word processing is currently the most popular computer usage.
Word processing is encouraged.
Word processing is essential in orthopedics for patient documentation, and consultants' referrals.
Word processing is faster and action games are smooth.
Word processing is faster than handwriting for the visually impaired.
Word processing is given only two paragraphs.
Word processing is great because it makes it quicker and easier to prepare documents.
Word processing is highly recommended.
Word processing is increasingly important.
Word processing is one of the most common computer uses.
Word processing is one of the most important and prevalent uses for PCs.
Word processing is preferred.
Word processing is required for laboratory reports.
Word processing is still at the top of the list of applications.
Word processing is the client's option.
Word processing is the cornerstone of building computer skills.
Word processing is the most basic computer application.
Word processing is the most commonly used application for text output.
Word processing is the most frequently reported application.
Word processing is the most frequently used application for computer equipment.
Word processing is the one common denominator found in every automated law office.
Word processing is the use of a computer program to write, edit and print a document.
Word processing is used for many of our research projects.
Word processing is useful for all school subjects.
Word processing lightens some of the purely mechanical burdens of writing, like typing and editing.
Word processing makes editing and revising almost instantaneous.
Word processing makes estate planning easy and inexpensive.
Word processing offers more versatility and capability to tasks than handwriting or typewriting.
Word processing provides a better way to handle indents.
Word processing requires only a basic setup, but graphics and games require much more.
Word processing seems to have a positive effect on student attitudes toward writing.
A word processor is a computer programme
Word processor enhancements useful for general office tasks.
Word processor has more features, improved performance.
Word processor has powerful document handling features.
Word processor is another widely recognized language learning tool.
Word processor is less suited to complex editing, long documents.
Word processor typing speed is the heaviest load.
Word processors allow information to be altered to fit the needs of the potential cheater.
Word processors allow the integration of text and pictures in the one document.
Word processors allow users to type text into a document.
Word processors are a great convenience, but became a security problem.
Word processors are a plus.
Word processors are a prime example for standard software.
Word processors are a wonderful way to learn to write good English.
Word processors are also available.
Word processors are an excellent example of free stuff on the Web.
Word processors are applications.
Word processors are available for aid in preparation of reports or other course material.
Word processors are better suited for short documents such as letters or memos.
Word processors are faster than typewriters to prepare documents.
Word processors are for the stupid.
Word processors are great for sending multiple letters.
Word processors are more flexible, and it is important to choose the right interline spacing.
Word processors are much more powerful than what they used to be.
Word processors are no know now relieving secretaries of many routine tasks.
Word processors are often platform dependent.
Word processors are okay, but letter quality only.
Word processors are sloppy.
Word processors are useful in developing and writing documents.
Word processors are wonderful things and change is mechanically easy to do.
Word processors become the paper and pencil of the information age.
Word processors can also use different font types and sizes.
Word processors can be especially helpful for students with spelling difficulty.
Word processors can do many more things than format text and check spelling.
Word processors can easily support the use of graphics.
Word processors can make the writing process more efficient, more effective, and more fun.
Word processors can output as an option.
Word processors can put footnotes at the bottom of the page or at the end of the document.
Word processors can too, but they aren t very good at it.
Word processors catch most spelling mistakes and typos and make revision painless.
Word processors cause the largest share of troubles.
Word processors differ from text editors in that they store formatting information with the text.
Word processors do improve writing and expression of ideas.
Word processors embeds special characters into the documents for all kinds of purposes.
Word processors enable changes to be made quickly and easily to the design and layout of the page.
Word processors facilitate the process of writing as a complex task.
Word processors have all the tools necessary to create a document.
Word processors have facilities for dealing with typesetting text, font changes, page layouts, etc.
Word processors have many writing tools included in their programs.
Word processors have much to answer for.
Word processors have their pros and cons.
Word processors help people create, edit, revise and print documents of all kinds.
Word processors increase that speed significantly.
Word processors inject formatting characters into a file.
Word processors insert invisible spaces as a result of their formatting.
Word processors make setting margins, adding footnotes or headers, and paginating almost effortless.
Word processors make writing papers much easier.
Word processors offer several advantages over HTML-specific authoring tools.
Word processors offer the chance to create more polished writing, free of spelling errors.
Word processors provide the means for providing hilighting, footnoting, and stylizing text.
Word processors reveal themselves as powerful natural tools in language teaching.
Word processors save files in their own proprietary binary format by default.
Word processors simplify the process of entering and editing text.
Word processors vary in their ability to import text with the style and font information included.
Word processors wll add unwanted formatting tags.
Word processors wrap all lines of text to fit within the specified margins.
All word processors are far better suited to producing a decent letter, so use the features.
All word processors can read any text file.
All word processors can save as text.
All word processors can save rich text file format.
All word processors create separately named and tracked files on the hard disk for each document.
All word processors have a markup language.
Any word processor can be use to write script.
Any word processor can produce a dash.
Any word processor can read it.
Any word processor can save files in dos text format.
Many word processors add hidden characters that corrupt the database.
Many word processors are capable of simple desktop publishing.
Many word processors have a feature for counting the number of characters.
Many word processors have an automatic newsletter format.
Many word processors have an html output option.
Many word processors have graphic tool bars with icons representing the most critical commands.
Many word processors have HTML editing modes.
Many word processors permit changing the case after the text has been typed.
Many word processors provide facilities for converting from one format to another.
Many word processors put headers, footers and page numbers outside the specified text margins.
Most word processors add formatting codes to the files they create.
Most word processors allow the user to create text-only files.
Most word processors are able to create, load, and read .rtf files.
Most word processors are able to use smart quotes.
Most word processors are capable of producing rtf and postscript output.
Most word processors can accept images of a number of different file formats .
Most word processors can interpret rtf.
Most word processors can kick such paragraphs onto the next page.
Most word processors can open it just fine.
Most word processors can output a postscript file.
Most word processors can read it.
Most Word processors can read it.
Most word processors can read rtf files.
Most word processors can save a file as a HTML page.
Most word processors come with a few templates that have style sheets already set up.
Most word processors come with clip art.
Most word processors contain automatic facility to check texts for unknown words.
Most word processors create backup files, scratch files, or both.
Most word processors have a command to check spelling and use a thesaurus.
Most word processors have a file of graphics.
Most Word processors have a limited manner to mange cross references.
Most word processors have a long set of typefaces available, called fonts to choose from.
Most word processors have a resume-generating function .
Most word processors have a spell check feature.
Most word processors have a spelling checker.
Most word processors have a word count feature.
Most word processors have an optional macro to print all fonts.
Most word processors have some HTML capabilities.
Most word processors provide some type of alternative format option.
Most word processors provide the option to justify text in paragraphs.
Most word processors save files with special formatting codes.
Some word processors can even check for readability, grammar, and other interesting attritbutes.
Some word processors have a styles feature to facilitate paragraph formatting.
Some word processors have problems with some of our fonts.
Some word processors remind users constantly of the actions available.
Some word processors simulate TABs by inserting blank spaces, while others use true TABs.
Word puzzle Find the words hidden in the letters.
Word recognition can lag behind the functional reading process by a year to a year and a half.
Word recognition consists of three component processes.
Word recognition has two equally important aspects.
Word recognition is an incremental process.
Word recognition is taught through tactual memory, phonological skills, and syntactical skills.
Word recognition is usually excellent when speech is sufficiently loud.
Word repetitions are only useful for deliberate emphasis.
Word rescue is designed to help children improve their reading skills.
Word roots are incomplete words.
Word salad is nonsense
Word salads have more to do with associations between sets or phrases of words.
Word search features materials used in settlers homes.
Word search features materials used in settlers' homes.
Word search Find the safety-related words in a scramble of letters.
WORD search is a great Bible study software program.
Word search is a special case of non-incremental search.
Word search is also available.
Word search is just a huge problem.
Word search is useful for editing a printed document made with a text formatter.
Word search is useful in editing documents formatted by text formatters.
WORD search works well on any screen resolution.
Word Searches are a favorite of young and old alike.
Word searches are a great way to build spelling and vocabulary knowledge.
Word searches are always fun and a great way for children to learn spelling words.
Word searches are great ways to practice spelling words.
Word searches are like built-in spelling classes.
Word searches can be lengthy.
Word searches take slightly longer.
Word senses are a key source of information for text interpretation.
Word senses cause no confusion because only one sense appears for each part of speech.
A word sense is a sense
Word sense tagging Beyond grammatical annotations, semantic annotation is an obvious next step.
Word senses are often predictable.
Word spacing is also important.
A word square is a teaser
Word squares come in two traditional types, regular and double.
Word stress is a weaker stress on a word.
Word stress is expressed by the means of accented letters.
Word stress is stress
Word usage is also inconsistent.
Word usage is another example.
Word usage is illustrated with quotations.
Word wall continues.
Word wall is a display of high frequency words above or below an alphabet.
Word wall is practiced every day but the second activity varies.
Word wrap is a feature used by all word processors.
Word wrap is a process that automatically formats text.
Word wrap is automatic.
Word wrap is on.
Word wrap is set on each time the application is loaded.
Word wrapping can occur at any point and multiple spaces are converted to a single space.
Word wrapping can occur at any point in source files.
Word wrapping can occur at any point in the source files.
Word wrapping is applied to all inline formatting objects.
A word is a part
Word acommodates many misspellings.
Word adds extra space for underlines.
Word allows any graphic or OLE-compatible object to be inserted into an exam item.
Word allows any graphic or OLE-compatible object to be inserted into the exam item.
Word allows up to nine different levels for outline lists.
Word alone is linear.
Word also checks any documents that the first file links to for macros, including templates.
Word also has available short-cut keys and a menu bar for selecting different functions.
Word also has features for printing labels and envelopes from a database.
Word also has it that one of the ministers is suing the military for damages to the fish stocks.
Word also provides a very easy way to make links.
Word also provides options for text effects and character spacing under the Font menu option.
Word also provides spelling and grammer support.
Word applies a heading style to the paragraph.
Word applies column formatting to the section that contains the insertion point.
Word applies the style to the selected text.
Word are easy.
Word arrives that the festival is running up to an hour late.
Word assumes certain default settings for margins, line spacing and tab settings.
Word assumes certain settings for margins, tabs, etc.
Word attempts to create a temporary file in the same directory as the opened document.
Word begin along most translation than use Playable internet game.
Word begins to freeze up while opening a document.
Word brings up a window that has tabs for each kind of table or index.
Word can automatically update the page number in the table of authorities.
Word can be a colossal annoyance.
Word can be a partial word .
Word can display what the style names are for all paragraphs in the current document.
Word can easily modify, edit or format text.
Word can even generate a table of contents based on the topics in the outline.
Word can format table automatically.
Word can generate a report of all changes made to a document.
Word can get around incredibly quickly.
Word can handle everything from a shopping list to a Ph.D. candidate's thesis paper.
Word can have more than one meaning, without having no meaning, or complete confused meanings.
Word can import and convert data from just about any data source.
Word can incorporate graphics and other types of illustration into documents.
Word can open documents made on versions below the one being used.
Word can prepare a preview of a document on-screen.
Word can print to file which is actually postscript.
Word can read files from many other programs, especially other word-processing programs.
Word can read many different data source formats.
Word can run in any direction.
Word can spell check in many different languages.
Word can travel quickly, however, between teams as to the tendencies of individual crews.
Word closes the document and then reopens it in HTML format.
Word come alive.
Word comes around that they die from some accident or illness.
Word comes down from District office.
Word comes from Communist ideology.
Word comes from the singer's agent in Nashville.
Word comes in that the king is being taken to Dover to meet up with the French forces.
Word comes of at least one more overland trip to the east coast.
Word comes over the radio the accelerator linkage was broken.
Word comes that a large house on the edge of town has collapsed, blocking the road out of town.
Word comes that the Persian army is nearby.
Word comes that the Polish government has nervously canceled the performance.
Word comes with a number of pre-defined styles, including nine levels of heading.
Word comes with all the clipart.
Word comes with document templates.
Word considers additional references to a footnote or an endnote to be cross-references.
Word containsa whole suite of formatting options.
Word continues to spread.
Word count in different versions of word lists.
Word Counts Select the browse button to choose a text file to upload.
Word creates a blank HTML document.
Word creates a hyperlink, changes the color of the text to blue, and underlines the link.
Word creates and opens Web pages with the extension html .
WORD creates artwork that functions.
Word creates label formats with tables, using one cell for each label.
Word creates the document and displays it , ready for editing.
Word cues to fit rhythm to the underlying flow.
Word defines the style and includes it in the styles list.
Word derives from Greek demoticos meaning popular.
Word derives from mechanical sweep of cathode beam inside television tube and similar devices.
WORD designs a clear plan for meeting the clients needs.
Word determines which items to show based on the latest use.
Word displays a blank window, because the default continuation notice is blank.
Word displays a box around each subdocument and displays a subdocument icon within the box.
Word displays a message that describes the function of that button.
Word displays a message to set up the main document.
Word displays all non-printing characters, repaginating if necessary.
Word displays all the style and direct formatting that is currently applied to the paragraph.
Word displays different toolbars for different features.
Word displays several of the most recently used documents.
Word displays text as a graphic element.
Word displays the postscript.
Word displays the revision mark.
Word does a better job of translating wp for dos documents than wp for windows does.
Word does a shonky job of converting to other formats .
Word does get around.
Word does grammar checks.
Word does some funky stuff.
Word does the basic word processing thing.
Word does too.
Word drifts back to relatives in the U.S. that they are missing.
Word enables editing of the outline view.
Word enables users to change information easily without retyping entire documents.
Word endings The student body is suppose to have access. . . .
Word enslaves the children.
Word equates instituted evil.
Word eventually leaks out.
Word expands the abbreviation to a slashed zero.
Word explains deed, and deed authenticates word.
Word fall short to explain.
Word files to the other word-processing files.
Word find click here.
Word find puzzle on antique cars.
Word find puzzle, astronomy quiz, list of astronomy sites.
Word finding difficulties, or anomia, can be frustrating and slow down communicaiton.
Word finds items with distinctive keywords in titles, subjects, or notes.
Word flies here, and nothing gives it wings like a well-known indiscretion.
Word flip- have students put their name and the alphabet on a sheet of paper.
Word fly Soap by all note past any sin.
Word formats only the section that contains the insertion point.
Word gets point.
Word gives pure mind, pure heart.
Word goes back through the layers, modifying connection weights between neurons.
Word goes out.
Word goes straight from editor to reader without sacrificing any trees.
Word grouping based upon common letter patterns is stressed.
Word handles compound documents containing formatted text and embedded pictures.
Word has hundreds of features.
Word has insufficient memory.
Word has many features that can save time and hassle in formatting documents.
Word has nothing here.
Word has word wraparound .
Word hides the footnotes and in their place displays the default footnote separator.
Word hyphenates a word.
Word ignores all characters except numbers.
Word ignores the data records from the first data source and uses only the header record.
Word includes a number of built-in templates.
Word includes an option that allows more advanced users to choose to view the html tags if needed.
Word includes both wizards and templates.
Word includes several clip-art images that can be used as lines.
Word incorporates images into the document.
Word inserts a continuous section break, which balances the text equally among the columns.
Word inserts a line break character and moves the insertion point to the beginning of the next line.
Word inserts a new, blank line and places the insertion point at the beginning of it.
Word inserts a table with two columns and two rows.
Word inserts the character in the point size of the text that precedes the insertion point.
Word is a computer program designed for word processing.
Word is a counterfeit representation.
Word is a dandy and literate new e-zine.
Word is a flawed, bloated program.
Word is a good choice, others are acceptable.
Word is a popular software for word processing documents available on the Net.
Word is a word processor which gives the agent more writing ability than with electronic mail.
Word is a word-processing program.
Word is about the same speed as before the upgrade.
Word is also a very good example of an online hypertextual fiction piece.
Word is also that the bond issue is a non-starter.
Word is also the philosopher s stone, and also the sangat or fellowship.
Word is an advanced word processor.
Word is an event, a happening.
Word is an excellent course to take as a first computer course.
Word is barak, to be favored with some special benefit.
Word is better that a camel in the eye.
Word is bond, fa-scheezy.
Word is bond.
Word is born stormtrooper, yes,yes.
Word is born.
Word is both the subject and object of revelation and can never be separated from spirit.
Word is comforting.
Word is counterfeit and evil.
Word is crap programming.
Word is defaulted to leave white space to the left and right of the image.
Word is distributed in different language versions.
Word is easy to learn and use.
Word is filled with options that make document creation or editing a breeze.
Word is fuckin born.
Word is good so far but still too early to tell.
Word is good.
Word is immutable.
Word is in conversation with world.
Word is incredibly high in quality.
Word is it has been, that the results have been submitted to a journal.
Word is it'll be available both as a wearable mask and a foam-filled display piece.
Word is it's a big crowd-pleasing movie, almost guaranteed to be a hit.
Word is more powerful.
Word is next week.
Word is no exception.
Word is notorious for getting the grammar check wrong.
Word is now a corrupted evil power.
Word is offered in both, making it easily accessible.
Word is on the street and in the marketplace that globalisation is here.
Word is one generation paves the way for the next.
Word is one of the most creative e-zine's going and has enough discipline to keep itself together.
Word is one of the most powerful word processors on the market.
Word is open with a body of text separated into two columns.
Word is our turkey population is growing nicely.
Word Is Out .
Word is out about Laos, and it's seeing more tourists all the time.
Word Is Out is one of the first films to provide a positive vision of the gay experience in America.
Word is out that beta glucan is an all-natural, safe way to strengthen the immune system.
Word is out that there is a pre-trib boarding for the train to glory.
Word is out that used hops from the process of home brewing have proven fatal to dogs.
Word is out.
Word is Out.
Word Is Out.
Word is pets are ok, but give a call first to make sure.
Word is powerful, feature-rich, and deservedly popular, but remains too slow and buggy.
Word is preferable.
Word is preferred.
Word is presence, sight, sound, touch, feeling, smell, taste.
Word is pretty safe, if nothing else because there are third-party filters for it.
Word is raw, energetic and full of erotic imagery.
Word is recommended.
Word is reinforced and there are many desktop publishing projects for science and other subjects.
Word is sent, and all the soldiers remaining at Helm's Deep are prepared to ride.
Word is set to save in .
Word is set to the high security level by default.
Word is setup such that it saves the last item deleted in memory.
Word is severe.
Word is simply diabolically crap.
Word is something big is coming down the pipe, plus more of the usual projects.
Word is spread through news reports and official notices sent by mail.
Word is still bond for some in our highly litigious society.
Word is susceptible to macro viruses.
Word is that a last-minute track on dumpster diving has been added to the agenda.
Word is that at least a million copies are headed for the shelves.
Word is that catfish in Possum Kingdom are responding great to cut bait and frozen shrimp.
Word is that cattle are bringing high prices at market- twenty five dollars a head.
Word is that half stays in a pile on the ground, and half vanishes completely.
Word is that it reentered over the south Pacific.
Word is that it's a mostly adult crowd at the band's sold-out concerts.
Word is that it's in good shape.
Word is that legislative leaders are getting even farther apart on spending targets.
Word is that Lucas has a copy and is amused.
Word is that media coverage ever since has been non-stop and vitriolic.
Word is that more men than women are using time-saving bread machines.
Word is that negotiations are in the works for a steak restaurant chain.
Word is that neither player appears to have the 'tools' to be performers on a regular basis.
Word is that once the art ends, the space is to be converted to a luxury living loft.
Word is that our businesses are a giving group, but even they have their limits.
Word is that precious few have given in.
Word is that some of the orgh-bugus carry heads that confer strange powers.
Word is that Steines and Torres have been the fastest celebrity drivers.
Word is that the camp has now been totally cleared and all protesters evicted.
Word is that the chemistry between the two stars is a bit frosty.
Word is that the crank is blackened.
Word is that the early stones have awakened to once again to pursue the continuation of their kind.
Word is that the entire group is about to sign on with the aforementioned larger company.
Word is that the first is on the way very soon.
Word is that the market tends towards the conservative side.
Word is that the match tore the house down.
Word is that The Michael Richards Show has already been cancelled.
Word is that the owners have lost interest.
Word is that the place has been sold or is moving to Columbus.
Word is that the ride is worth it.
Word is that the stuff looks pretty good.
Word is that the team stayed together and scrimmaged regularly during the lockout.
Word is that the two make a nice couple.
Word is that the white grapes are down.
Word is that they are generally on the workers' side.
Word is that they are just as shattering without the mosh pit.
Word is that they are working on new material.
Word is that they're doing well, but they'd like to get back as well.
Word is that they're even better live than on cd.
Word is that, so far, the admiration is mutual.
Word is the attending throng went wild over the still-incomplete footage.
Word is the babe's gonna be a dixie rooster.
Word is the backlog is out of boxes but how caught up is it.
Word is the basis of the believer s confidence.
Word is the deal is done, with only contract formalities remaining.
Word is the divorcing couple has been making nice again.
Word is the easiest option to use.
Word is the ending's all new.
Word is the exception.
Word is the expression of truth.
Word is the former stolen base champ is on the block.
Word is the guv was none too happy with what was uncovered, either.
Word is the industry standard.
Word is the ladies are branching into catering as well.
Word is the means to express thought.
Word is the most effective tool of enslavement.
Word is the most popular wordprocessor.
Word is the most powerful word processor ever developed.
Word is the new team wants to tone down the famously acid language of the editorial page.
Word is the original format and is easier to read.
Word is the particle effects, just like scripting, can be controlled by txt files.
Word is the producers are looking for a celebrity to anchor the production.
Word is the recommended word processing program.
Word is the world's best selling full-featured word processor.
Word is the Worst.
Word is there is quite a performance boost.
Word is there's a Special Edition Director's Cut coming out on laserdisc early next year.
Word is they are a bit of a hassle but well worth it.
Word is they are fairly rare.
Word is they are responding to questions from the filing.
Word is they are running out of space for class notes.
Word is they have what it takes for stateside crossover success.
Word is they practically had the place to themselves.
Word is they took everything.
Word is they work wonders with a suckling pig.
Word is they're still pretty useless.
Word is though that they sucked anyway.
Word is to be taught diligently.
Word is Truth.
Word is understandable.
Word is used for mail merging information, printing envelopes and labels and designing forms.
Word is used to teach specific typographic formatting and design principles.
Word is, even with the tall springs, the road ride is as good as stock.
Word is, however, there has so far been no mixup in whose teeth get pulled.
Word is, it tastes a little like molasses.
Word is, it'll get better.
Word is, it's working in their lab, but there are concerns with size and battery-life.
Word is, mega-radio businesses are possibly interested in buying it and taking it over.
Word is, Memphis has it locked up.
Word is, more changes are inevitable.
Word is, that has been very deep indeed.
Word is, the council plans to take away some of the mayor's authority.
Word is, the rest of the album's just as funny and catchy.
Word is, the trickle-down effect even reached the ARCA Series.
Word is, there is a federal investigation underway.
Word is, they are full.
Word is, they had to change the ending to give the film a happier ending.
Word is, they're about a country singer.
Word isa part.
Word isa portion.
Word just gets around.
Word knows about periods.
Word leaks to the press.
Word leaves the cursor between the two markers.
Word lists for creating dictionary databases.
Word lists Total number of word lists .
Word magnets about all things.
Word magnets Just like the real ones.
Word makes complex tasks simple.
Word makes creating a drop cap easy.
Word makes it a snap to merge all comments and changes at the end of the process.
Word makes it difficult to adjust the space between letters within words in a line of type.
Word makes it easy bye apply a name Normal to all text paragraphs.
Word makes it easy to disseminate and complete electronic forms.
Word makes it easy.
Word makes it unbelievably easy to create or edit an existing style.
Word manages links differently.
WORD match the search words.
Word matters .
Word meanings .
Word means also departed .
Word means clear-hearing.
Word mizuno volleyball equipment.
WORD Moves the cursor to the first character after a space.
Word moves the text that follows the insertion point to the top of the next column.
Word needs to get out.
Word needs to go out again to all faculty about submittal of proposals.
Word needs to spread.
Word needs to write to disk to setup a normal template.
Word normally opens with a blank window and is ready to create a new document.
Word now generates the Table of Contents.
Word now has a drawing layer with a complete set of easy to use controls.
Word objects that behave .
Word offers a wide range of character formats, such as fonts, font sizes, bold, and italic.
Word offers paragraph formatting options.
Word offers several preformatted style tags, but their heading fonts differ from their text fonts.
Word only remembers the last location where the file was stored.
Word opens with a new blank document ready for editing.
Word opens, prints the document, and closes.
Word origins to be specific.
Word overflow errors on bigger programs.
Word overwrites the previous versions of the document as it merges additional copies.
Word pairs A lot of business words are frequently used in combination with another word.
Word performs many tasks extremely well, but it fails in several areas when creating a complex book.
Word places a revision bar in the margin to indicate that it was updated.
Word places all the citations single-spaced unless otherwise specified.
Word places all the resulting merged documents in a single new document.
Word places the proper menu bars at the top of the page and changes some of the menu items .
Word play .
Word Play A collection of sites on the Web that feature having fun with words.
Word Play A fascinating page with links to sites that feature fun with words.
Word Play A large collection of sites that features having fun with words.
Word play activities that include fun with anagrams, rhyming buddies, a-z lists and more.
Word Play An extensive alphabetical listing of sites that offer word play.
Word Play An extensive collection of links to sites that feature fun with words.
Word Play Practising consonant blends.
Word Play Practising identifying similes, euphemisms, onomatopoeia, metaphors and alliteration.
Word Play Practising identifying well-known similes.
Word Play Practising syllables.
Word Play The Internet's unofficial home page of word-related sites.
Word Play Understanding the plain meanings of colloquialisms.
Word plays on business names are generally a very bad idea.
Word plays on people's names are generally a bad idea.
Word presents the available templates.
Word processed copy is preferred.
Word Processed reports, posters or displays.
Word processed tables can be a problem in html.
Word processes acceptance letter for graduate applicants.
Word processes various correspondence, opens and distributes mail.
Word proposes a set of data field names.
Word protect below all boxing.
Word provides a limited amount of control over the input accepted in a form field.
Word provides a number of text selection techniques.
Word provides a set of documents called template s which contain built-in formatting and text.
Word provides a spellchecker.
Word provides an accessibility section in the documentation.
Word provides an easier way.
Word provides an outline facility that can be used to navigate various levels of headers.
Word provides limited tools for image formatting.
Word provides many different images to choose from.
Word provides many graphics features .
Word provides operations on unsigned words.
Word provides paragraph and font information.
Word provides the user with the ability to base one style on another.
Word provides two major ways to set tab stops.
Word puzzles to play with.
Word quickly gets around that the product obviously does the trick, and others but it.
Word quickly spreads throughout the world of the crash and the untimely deaths of the pilots.
Word reaches the father that the older son is having a big snit.
Word recognizes a wide variety of picture formats.
Word recreates the file and saves it again.
Word refers to the practical business of choosing and assembling the language of the sermon.
Word refuses to give raw HTML and converts it to formatted text.
Word regularly crashes users browsers for no apparent reason.
Word relates to the Revolutionary War.
Word replaces each sequence of four space characters with a single tab character.
Word replaces the fraction with the formatted fraction.
Word replaces the underlined text with the text from the other location.
Word results Customers till none stocking aside none crop.
Word saves the document with the same name bout updates the file with the most recent changes.
Word saves with the document only the one editing location last used.
Word says so.
Word searches by a novice only create problems.
Word searches, mad libs, brain teasers and a scavenger hunt.
Word searches, puzzles, colring sheets and more.
Word seems to be spreading rapidly about the benefits of working in Wilmington.
Word seems to be trying a little market research and letting the buyer pay for it.
Word sends the document to be faxed the same way it sends a document to be printed.
Word separates each item with a paragraph mark.
Word shards fill the visual landscape and, as cued, chalk scribbles, easily erased, abound.
Word shows the section number next to the page number at the bottom of the screen.
Word shrinks the font just enough to fit everything on one page.
Word slides Use to convey abstract ideas.
Word soon filters in regarding the night's progress.
Word soon gets around that a store is using watchdogs, and burglars cross the store off their list.
Word soon gets round that it's just tin foil.
Word soon spreads that a store, etc is positive about disability.
Word soon travels through the microbial community by way of chemical signals.
Word sounds instead of lyrics.
Word spacing algorithms are user agent-dependent.
Word spreads about the club, and more start popping up all over the country.
Word spreads fast about wolf-whereabouts.
Word spreads fast in a disaster.
Word spreads fast that the police are serious.
Word spreads fast.
Word spreads in the media when someone is a good source and provides lively copy.
Word spreads in the musical underground.
Word spreads into the village.
Word spreads of a subsequent invitation to golf.
Word spreads quickly about people, their style and their approach to the business.
Word spreads quickly in the small town.
Word spreads quickly on the Internet, so when somebody gets caught, others know it.
Word spreads quickly when it comes to parties, so be prepared to turn people away.
Word spreads quickly, and the delightful aroma draws many a young person with the munchies.
Word spreads quickly.
Word spreads so fast that companies often fail to control idiot spammers.
Word spreads that there is an opening available.
Word spreads through the entire building about what is happening and why.
Word spreads through town like wildfire.
Word spreads throughout the mouse territory of the cat's coming.
Word spreads to a set of prospects that grows exponentially.
Word spreads very fast.
Word spreads very quickly on the Internet.
Word spreads when a broker has the best prices around.
Word stems are most effective for searching faculty interests.
Word still circulates every once in a while that peanuts grow on trees.
Word stops responding.
Word studies Short statements, little things, misc.
Word sucks up memory like a drunken politician.
Word suggests correct spellings.
Word supplies some preset, common entries.
Word takes an object-oriented approach.
Word takes styles a step further.
Word takes two to three seconds longer to load a document.
Word tell in many circle but gain interchangable cleats for baseball shoes.
Word template files.
Word tends to spread about unethical practices in the online publishing world.
Word then displays a message to set up the main document.
Word then prints the envelopes or labels.
Word then treats the tabs as level indents and intelligently creates a standard outline.
Word there is from the state of California That some aid is needed in their energy crisis.
Word there is some interesting stuff here.
Word thinks of headings in a hierarchical fashion.
Word tolerates the lack of features in such documents.
Word travels about the work environment in all sizes of stores.
Word travels fast about our high success rate thus increasing our popularity.
Word travels fast about people who are known as anything other than safe and sane players.
Word travels fast in families.
Word travels fast in the game.
Word travels fast throughout the casino.
Word travels fast when a customer finds a store with incredible new merchandise at used prices.
Word travels fast.
Word travels faster than the winds of a hurricane in the offshore boating fraternity.
Word travels faster through the grapevine.
Word travels pretty fast about Grand Rapids.
Word travels quickly.
Word treats a graphic as a single character, much like any other single character in a line of text.
Word treats a paragraph as a unit for the purposes of selecting and formatting.
Word treats any file with the .DOT extension as a template, and any other extension as a document.
Word tries to automate typing in small ways.
Word Turn off fast saves.
Word updates the cross references before it prints.
Word uses absolute paths.
Word uses default settings for margins and other options.
Word uses revision marks to show the changes.
Word uses single line spaceing by default.
Word uses templates.
WORD welcomes the opportunity to mesh the academic with the field experience.
Word Works .
Word Works Specializes in word processing and desktop publishing solutions.
Word wrap the flush-left lines.
Word write Birth under few garden inside a bath.
Word zooms in on the area.
Words act as triggers for complex interactions within people and machines.
Words act perhaps in some other domain, the imagination.
Words actually convey two distinctly different kinds of meaning simultaneously .
Words affect our relationships with one another.
Words allow a person to say exactly what they want to say.
Words allow more room for imagination than video images do.
Words alone are always out of context.
Words alone are certain good, indeed.
Words alone are hollow.
Words alone can mean entirely different things.
Words alone can only give a suggestion of the strength of the logical connections.
Words alone constitute a crime by law.
Words also cause problems with international adoption.
Words also change shape and unravel.
Words also disappear.
Words also feature animated action.
Words also play an evocative role in the formation of one's own thoughts.
Words also validate.
Words Anywhere is the default search.
Words appear a lot quicker on the screen.
Words appear across, back, down, up and diagonally.
Words appear across, down, diagonally, forwards and backwards.
Words appear in a cartoon-like bubble above the avatar.
Words appear in a proofing page to be listened to again and changed if necessary.
Words appear on a proofing page.
Words appear on screen as spoken.
Words appear on screen, and each word is pronounced to build reading and vocabulary skills.
Words appear on the screen that at first appear incongruous, misplaced and downright bizarre.
Words appear to move into one another, squish together.
Words appear with the brightness of a flash.
Words appear with the icons to aid literacy and enhance training.
Words appear within a document at a conversational pace.
Words appearing bold-faced are a good indication of importance.
Words appearing in color are also active links to related information.
Words appropriate both in the instant and broader perspective.
Words are a big part of coping.
Words are a big problem since there is a lot of ambiguity in their interpretation and u se.
Words are a crude substitute for a knowing palate.
Words are a different kind of sign called a symbol.
Words are a form of mental shorthand for efficient utilization of higher concepts.
Words are a hedonism, the eighth deadly sin.
Words are a little harder to count.
Words are a man's universe.
Words are a means of order, structure.
Words are a minor of society's attitudes and perceptions.
Words are a mirror of society' s attitudes and perceptions.
Words are a mirror of society's attitudes and perceptions.
Words are a mirror of the heart.
Words are a never-ending source of brighter tomorrow's .
Words are a poets paint.
Words are a poor substitute for experience.
Words are a powerful instrument, whose use can be directed toward various ends.
Words are a powerful medium.
Words are a powerful tool.
Words are a powerful weapon.
Words are a reflection of who one really is.
Words are a result of the imagination.
Words are a shadow universe in the way an x-ray is a shadow image of inside the body.
Words are a species.
Words are a spice that eventually fades from the mind's tongue.
Words are a tool.
Words are a vehicle for communication.
Words are a very effective weapon.
Words are a vibration.
Words are a vital and powerful element of theatre.
Words are a weapon too.
Words are a writer's tools.
Words are absent but the import of the message is clear.
Words are abstractions.
Words are air.
Words are all about power.
Words are all important.
Words are also actions, and actions are a kind of words.
Words are also karma.
Words are also merely symbols used to represent facts, ideas, objects, and experiences.
Words are also powerful weapons.
Words are always central to the song.
Words are always inadequate to convey the essence of beauty.
Words are always just words.
Words are always on or in something.
Words are always on the winds.
Words are always used in combination, so relationship is important.
Words are ambiguous if they admit to being understood in more than one way . . .
Words are ambiguous.
Words are ammunition.
Words are among the most important of our thinking tools.
Words are an adventure in third grade.
Words are an expression of our identity.
Words are an important part of the Internet.
Words are an important part, but only a part, of communication.
Words are an inadequate expression of our gratitude.
Words are an integral part of the great creative powers of every human being.
Words are an integral part of the product or service itself.
Words are an ongoing consensual creation that spark and snap in each new usage.
Words are AND ed togeth by default.
Words are another - there's an 'open content' movement on the Internet.
Words are apt to create a trust if the intention of the settlor is clear.
Words are arbitrary but consensually agreed upon by members of the shared experience.
Words are arbitrary pairings between a sound and a meaning, stored in memory.
Words are arbitrary.
Words are as beautiful as wild horses, and sometimes as difficult to corral.
Words are as good as actions.
Words are as important for the way they sound as for their actual meaning.
Words are as important for their aural power as for their actual meaning.
Words are as necessary in the privacy of our minds as they are in any public forum.
Words are astonishingly powerful.
Words are astrology.
Words are audible signs.
Words are backwards.
Words are barely adequate, and illustrations fall far short.
Words are beyond our grasp and latent love sits heavy in the chest.
Words are blank-separated.
Words are block sculptures of reality, and writing is fundamentally a thinking process.
Words are bones that survive the immediate aliveness and experience.
Words are books.
Words are bullets or flowers.
Words are but an entrance.
Words are but arbitrary signs attached to groups of things for convenience of reference.
Words are but barren sounds.
Words are but embodied thought, the external images or representatives of ideas.
Words are but empty thanks.
Words are but just a form of interpretation of a sight so wonderful.
Words are but poor instruments for describing plants.
Words are but symbols of ideas.
Words are capable of means.
Words are carriers of the message.
Words are case insensitive.
Words are chameleons, which reflect the color of their environment.
Words are chameleons, which reflect the colour of their environment.
Words are cheap .
Words are cheap and easily thrown about without meaning.
Words are cheap and easy to use.
Words are cheap and easy.
Words are cheap in today's world of marketing hype.
Words are cheap, acts are definitive.
Words are cheap, and gushiness is never a mark of reality.
Words are cheap, and oddly nowhere more so than among people who love each other.
Words are cheap, but they can have positive effects.
Words are cheap.
Words are clusters of features.
Words are colorful, when used correctly by an imaginative person.
Words are colorful.
Words are combinations of discrete sounds.
Words are compact history.
Words are concrete and therefore treacherous.
Words are critical to understanding reality.
Words are crude symbols that point to some idea or construct.
Words are dangerous.
Words are death .
Words are decisions, and everything depends on our decisions.
Words are definately more powerful than physical pain.
Words are delightfully romantic sorts of things.
Words are destructive, yes, but they're also generative.
Words are difficult.
Words are easier said than action.
Words are easier to follow.
Words are easier to remember than numbers.
Words are easier, to be sure.
Words are easier.
Words are easy to guess, avoid anything that is in the dictionary.
Words are easy to learn .
Words are easy to pick up, yet hard to put down.
Words are effective tools to pull out the senses or memories carved in the body.
Words are either horizontal, vertical or diagonal, depending on the difficulty level selected.
Words are empty unless they are supported by witness of life, both individually and as a community.
Words are empty without results.
Words are empty.
Words are energy.
Words are enter, woods and wool, splintery.
Words are everything that man is. . . .
Words are everything.
Words are everywhere.
Words are expressions of thoughts and ideas.
Words are extremely powerful, and they leave an imprint on the hearts and minds of people.
Words are extremely powerful.
Words are familiar to the reader.
Words are far better than missiles.
Words are fine.
Words are fingers that point at the moon.
Words are finite organs of the infinite mind.
Words are flexible and they are taking very quick changes very fast.
Words are foolish.
Words are fools Who follow blindly, once they get a lead.
Words are for everyone, man.
Words are for knowing.
Words are forces, thoughts are things.
Words are fortitude.
Words are forward, backward, diagonal, and up and down.
Words are forwards and backwards, horizontal, vertical and diagonal.
Words are forwards and backwards, horizontally, vertically and diagonally.
Words are free.
Words are freely divided at the end of a line.
Words are frequently both defamatory and true.
Words are friends, and writing gives second chances.
Words are from left to right, or top to bottom, or diagonally from upper left to lower right.
Words are from left to right.
Words are from the North of our energy ball.
Words are full of meaning - even made up words create meanings at different psychic levels.
Words are fun to select by using the switch to double click.
Words are funny things, often so imprecise.
Words are generally helpful in describing how to make parts fit together.
Words are genes.
Words are good.
Words are great but action is a stronger message.
Words are great foes of reality.
Words are great tools for a writer.
Words are great, but doing is the thing.
Words are great, of course.
Words are great.
Words are hallow.
Words are hard to come by when one looses a loved one.
Words are hard to understand.
Words are highly significant.
Words are hollow and brittle things.
Words are horizontal, vertical, diagonal, backward, and forward.
Words are hotter than flames.
Words are images too.
Words are images.
Words are immense fun, or can be.
Words are imperfect.
Words are important and powerful tools in shaping ideas, perceptions, and attitudes.
Words are important because they evoke strong feelings.
Words are important for a thesaurus.
Words are important in a youngster's life.
Words are important in conveying attitudes.
Words are important, but they often require a numerate cast.
Words are important, images are important all of that is important.
Words are important.
Words are in and of themselves limitations.
Words are in boldface .
Words are in the title, abstract, descriptors or identifiers.
Words are inadequate for describing the barbarity of results here.
Words are inadequate in the void of desolation.
Words are inadequate to cover it.
Words are inadequate to describe it.
Words are inadequate to describe New York City.
Words are inadequate to describe sensations that the student has never experienced.
Words are inadequate to express our gratitude.
Words are inadequate to express what the individual griever needs.
Words are inadequate to sum up the total impact of Morocco.
Words are inadequate.
Words are incantations, summoning up spirits.
Words are incapable of describing the tiles ornamented like chameleons which are produced.
Words are indeed mighty, although today computer keyboards have largely replaced pens.
Words are indeed powerful things.
Words are insignificant misspellings.
Words are insufficient now.
Words are insufficient to convey the needless suffering which the merciless state has imposed.
Words are insufficient.
Words are interesting.
Words are intrinsically powerful.
Words are invitations to learn about categories.
Words are islands in the Sargassos of Time.
Words are just around the corner.
Words are just as potent as pictures, and carry ideas more explicitly in some cases.
Words are just hints to the crossword puzzle of being.
Words are just so powerful.
Words are just symbols, as are drawings, pictures or musical notes.
Words are just that, mere words, unless they are put into action.
Words are just the beginning.
Words are just tools.
Words are just words.
Words are kind of important.
Words are language, the words of good stories communicate, they pose questions.
Words are language.
Words are language.
Words are largely superfluous or intrusive.
Words are less important than involvement.
Words are less needful to sorrow than to joy.
Words are like a strong tree, with each word the foundation of knowledge grows stronger.
Words are like bullets in truth's bandolier, and poets are truth's snipers.
Words are like diamonds.
Words are like eggs.
Words are like genes and sentences are like chromosomes.
Words are like gifts, our granparents say.
Words are like labels, or coins, or better, like swarming bees.
Words are like mirror magnets.
Words are like people and tend to associate often with a small group of other words.
Words are like strings.
Words are like swords, they'll cut like a razor.
Words are like that.
Words are limited to space available.
Words are limited.
Words are lines tangent to the perfect circles of thought.
Words are listed in order of their entry number.
Words are located in books.
Words are located in mouths.
Words are located in newspapers.
Words are located in sentences.
Words are made of sound and sound is frequency.
Words are magic to many people, especially when they come from the heart.
Words are magic.
Words are magical.
Words are man kinds' most powerful tool.
Words are man's first and most grandiose invention.
Words are man's only tools for expressing thoughts or emotions.
Words are meaningful.
Words are meaningless in our society.
Words are meaningless to kids today.
Words are meaningless without appropriate delivery.
Words are merciless.
Words are mere skeletons before it.
Words are merely adjuncts to images.
Words are merely sounds until they become associated with an object or an action or a feeling.
Words are merely symbols used to represent facts, ideas, objects, and experiences.
Words are mis-spelled.
Words are misunderstood or misinterpreted.
Words are more likely to match than phrases.
Words are more powerful than non-verbals.
Words are more stupider than music.
Words are more than arbitrary strings of phonemes.
Words are more than just sound bytes.
Words are names.
Words are necessary because nonverbal signals are easily misunderstood.
Words are neither secular or sacred.
Words are never enough to express one's feelings after viewing such a dedicated and loving site.
Words are never enough when it comes to the life of a superstar.
Words are never enough.
Words are never mere.
Words are new or amended.
Words are nice - but track records are what count.
Words are nice and sometimes beautiful, but without any substance they are just words.
Words are nice but it is actions that show love.
Words are nice.
Words are no different.
Words are no more exempt from change than other things in nature.
Words are no substitute for meditation .
Words are noise.
Words are nothing but air vibrations.
Words are nothing more that ways to express or communicate idea's, notions, feelings etc.
Words are nothing when alone, but together they are the most powerful thing known to man.
Words are nothing without knowing what they are.
Words are nothing.
Words are now useful only as they stimulate to blows.
Words are nowhere near enough here folks.
Words are of different kinds, depending on what purpose they are used.
Words are of great beauty when used in a truly positive way.
Words are of great importance here, but so are the ways they are bound together.
Words are of little comfort.
Words are of no value unless they are accompanied with appropriate deeds.
Words are of no value without being alive in action.
Words are of paramount importance, for they convey concepts.
Words are of the utmost importance.
Words are of utmost importance.
Words are of vital importance.
Words are often ambiguous and capable of being understood in several senses.
Words are often free-flowing and disembodied, like angels winging through pure discourse.
Words are often inflammatory.
Words are often irrelevant.
Words are often misunderstood.
Words are on insert in the program.
Words are on the list of the most commonly used words in the English language.
Words are one form of communication and the body is another.
Words are one of the greatest of all coaching and parenting tools.
Words are one thing, actions another.
Words are one thing, but deeds are another and, with limitations of time, deeds have to come first.
Words are one thing, but to do the deed is quite another and goes way beyond an opinion.
Words are one thing, deeds something entirely different.
Words are one thing, factual practicalities are quite another.
Words are one thing.
Words are one to a line and blocks are delimited by empty lines.
Words are only a means to understanding.
Words are only arbitrary symbols to convey meanings, and the meaning is all that matters.
Words are only as valuable as the service that follows.
Words are only gross sounds heard through the ear.
Words are only half social.
Words are only one form of communication.
Words are only symbols for the things they represent.
Words are only symbols of thoughts.
Words are only symbols, allusions, that form parables of the greater reality.
Words are only useful when they are unspoken.
Words are only useful when they refer to actual phenomena.
Words are only vague indirectly, by virtue of having a sense that is vague.
Words are only words to be used for nothing.
Words are order.
Words are otherwise only ephemeral sound.
Words are our antidote to mortality.
Words are our business.
Words are our companions, friends, mothers, fathers and lovers.
Words are our life.
Words are our only weapons.
Words are our physical anchor and internal expression on the material plane of our consciousness.
Words are our precision tools.
Words are our sole source of communications.
Words are our wares.
Words are part of dictionaries.
Words are part of language, a cultural product.
Words are part of language.
Words are part of phrases.
Words are part of quotes.
Words are part of sentences.
Words are part of the deed.
Words are part of what separates humankind from animals.
Words are peculiar things.
Words are perhaps the worst.
Words are physical breathing shaped by our intellectual consciousness into emotional communication.
Words are playthings that can control reality.
Words are plentiful.
Words are politicians' weapons.
Words are poor tools to convey a sense of the century just past.
Words are potential music.
Words are power.
Words are powerfl, dangerous weapons in the hands of a skilled politician.
Words are powerful because of their impact.
Words are powerful because they create mental pictures.
Words are powerful for good or evil.
Words are powerful if written in the right context.
Words are powerful instruments.
Words are powerful sound bytes.
Words are powerful symbols that require responsible use.
Words are powerful things.
Words are powerful to bring out the best or worst in our people.
Words are powerful tools for a warrior, for they literally shape our world.
Words are powerful tools for swaying the thoughts of readers.
Words are powerful tools in our culture.
Words are powerful tools of expression.
Words are powerful tools to change opinion.
Words are powerful tools.
Words are powerful, and the more so when supported by empowerment and lineal transmission.
Words are powerful, and they can hurt.
Words are powerful, full of life and death.
Words are powerful, stereotypes are powerful, comedy is powerful.
Words are powerful.
Words are pratically the same as in english.
Words are precious, even in a huge tome.
Words are precious.
Words are preferable to numbers because they are easier to differentiate .
Words are pricey.
Words are pronounced, then each letter is highlighted and recited.
Words are purposely fuzzy to spotlight a warning sign for stroke.
Words are quite insufficient to describe the inner realities.
Words are random, and it's a new puzzle every time.
Words are real, tangible, definite.
Words are real.
Words are reality.
Words are really immaterial.
Words are really inadequate to describe what has happened.
Words are really the least effective communicator.
Words are redundant to animals.
Words are relative and can be used to hurt or encourage.
Words are repetitive and dull.
Words are results of dialogic situations.
Words are revelations of one mind of to another.
Words are sacred, and many have a spiritual as well as a literal meaning.
Words are scarcely ideal as a means of expressing ideas.
Words are secondary to the pictures.
Words are secondary.
Words are seductive and dangerous material to be used with caution.
Words are seeds and bones.
Words are seeds cast forth to grow in a mind.
Words are seemingly endless and unperishable.
Words are sensible signs, necessary for communication of ideas.
Words are shackles.
Words are shape and forms - triggers the flickering mind to wonder and think.
Words are short and simple.
Words are short to describe the divine pleasure of the two sublime dinners.
Words are signals, flares sent up in desperation, a cryptic language of longing.
Words are signs of natural facts.
Words are simple and direct.
Words are simple to locate using the index or word search facilities.
Words are simply a vehicle to convey a meaning.
Words are slippery and make a mockery of meaning.
Words are slippery because our language changes every day and words go in and out of fashion.
Words are slippery, messy, hide as much as they reveal.
Words are slow to come and thoughts are mixed, some times without direction.
Words are slurred, endings are unclear or omitted.
Words are so damned powerful.
Words are so easy to say and so difficult to do.
Words are so hard to come across.
Words are so hard to come by.
Words are so important because they are what ultimately make a song.
Words are so important.
Words are so inadequate.
Words are so interesting.
Words are so neat and there are such geniuses out there.
Words are so poor for such a horrible fate.
Words are so powerful that it carries a force to build up or destroy lives.
Words are so powerful that sacred speech can actually reverse the fatal process.
Words are so powerful.
Words are so strong.
Words are social constructs with long histories.
Words are solid.
Words Are Something Else , finds literary freedom in Calgary, Alberta.
Words are sometimes unnecessary to the senses To feel undenying emotions.
Words are sound meanings.
Words are sound.
Words are speechs.
Words are spirit.
Words are spoken, arguments raised, egos are strained, soothed and appeased.
Words are spooky objects.
Words are standards of communication.
Words are statements.
Words are still very healing today.
Words are stronger than flesh.
Words are stronger than iron.
Words are subtle things, most of all in poetry.
Words are such a trap sometimes.
Words are such finite things.
Words are such miserable substitutes for a moment like that.
Words are such poor tools of expression.
Words are superfluous to the abstract power of music.
Words are superfluous.
Words are symbolic representations of ideas and concepts.
Words are symbols - but so is money and computer bytes.
Words are symbols also.
Words are symbols for concepts.
Words are symbols of human ideas.
Words are symbols or verbal vehicles through which meaning is conveyed.
Words are symbols that can be of different meanings at different times.
Words are symbols that take on a special sense according to our own personal experience.
Words are symbols with shared meanings.
Words are symbols.
Words Are symbols.
Words are tasty morsels to be savored.
Words are tasty, gifts are sweet, but it is physical touch that tells the story.
Words are the actual program elements.
Words are the ambassadors crossing from the one kingdom to the other.
Words are the arbitrary symbols that allow for the existence of people, things, ideas and so on.
Words are the beginning and the end.
Words are the big battalions of politics.
Words are the breath in our sails.
Words are the bricks of our thoughts, each expresses one's feelings.
Words are the bridge between the metaphysical and the physical.
Words are the building blocks of language.
Words are the building blocks of relationships.
Words are the building blocks of symbolic systems.
Words are the cheapest commodity on earth.
Words are the clothes in which thoughts are dressed.
Words are the coins making up the currency of sentences. . . .
Words are the connective tissue between lives.
Words are the currency of culture.
Words are the garment of our soul.
Words are the ground stuff, the indispensable raw material, of thought.
Words are the house where humor lives.
Words are the humble tools of the writer.
Words are the key to the documentation of a man's existence.
Words are the key.
Words are the litmus paper of the minds.
Words are the metaphors and reflections of life.
Words are the mirrors of society's perceptions and attitudes.
Words are the most important images for human beings.
Words are the most important thing about a song.
Words are the most important thing.
Words are the most intimate artifact of culture.
Words are the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Words are the most powerful thing in the universe.
Words are the most powerful way.
Words are the most powerful, potent force on the face of the earth.
Words are the most powerful, potent, human force on the face of the earth.
Words are the most sensuous thing of all.
Words are the music of the imagination.
Words are the pen of the heart, but music is the pen of the soul.
Words are the physicians of a mind diseased.
Words are the poet's only material, and prosody determines how they are arranged into poems.
Words are the primary means of conveying information and working the network.
Words are the primary symbols in our lives.
Words are the principal tools of a lawyer.
Words are the same way.
Words are the signs and symbols of ideas.
Words are the source of misunderstandings.
Words are the stuff of ideas, the vehicle of thought, and the essential element of language.
Words are the things that make liberty possible.
Words are the threads that weave people together.
Words are the tools of the legal profession.
Words are the tools of the trade and the medicine of the profession.
Words are the toughie ones.
Words are the universal medium of exchange.
Words are the vanguard of both lies and discernment.
Words are the vaseline of intercourse.
Words are the vehicles of intelligent communication.
Words are the vehicles through which ideas make themselves manifest.
Words are the window inside.
Words are the wings to action.
Words are the world's most wonderful toy.
Words are the writer's finger-prints.
Words are the wrong currency to exchange for a picture.
Words are the yeast of Russian culture.
Words are the young priest's only tools.
Words are their only weapon against the status quo.
Words are their own appropriate arms.
Words are themselves powerful actions.
Words are then, of course, rearranged for English sentence structure.
Words Are Things .
Words are things that are seperated by blanks from other things.
Words are things.
Words are Things.
Words are thoughts clothed in language.
Words are thoughts, and deeds as well.
Words are thrillings.
Words are timeless.
Words are to be accorded their ordinary and generally accepted meaning.
Words are to be arranged according to meaning as opposed to alphabetically.
Words are to be given their normal meanings.
Words are to be given their plain and ordinary meaning wherever possible.
Words are to be understood in a proper or figurative sense, and they are used both ways in law.
Words are tones that call the sacerdotal arts into play.
Words are too slow.
Words are too small, words are too small to describe it.
Words are tools for abstract thinking.
Words are tools for thought, feeling, and action.
Words are tools of communication.
Words are tools of thought.
Words are tools used to shape reality.
Words are tools which automatically carve concepts out of experience.
Words are tools.
Words are traditional.
Words are tremendous tools, both for good or ill.
Words are tricky things.
Words are tricky, adapting new meanings like a chameleon changing colors.
Words are typically sequences of alphanumeric characters.
Words are unintelligible to unintelligible things.
Words are unique, powerful.
Words are unnecessary.
Words are unsuitable for the intricate lined detail in every panel of the stories.
Words are up, down, backwards, and diagonal.
Words are used as sparsely as coffee beans.
Words are used for insults.
Words are useful for everyday affairs.
Words are useless, especially sentences.
Words are Useless.
Words are usually the last part of the process.
Words are uttered in time, and usually delimit meaning.
Words are very divisive in society, in politics, in religion.
Words are very important.
Words are very interesting.
Words are very limited representations of objective realities.
Words are very ordinary.
Words are very powerful and they carry either love or fear.
Words are very powerful and very revealing.
Words are very powerful and word usage is extremely important.
Words are very powerful means of communication.
Words are very powerful, especially printed words.
Words are very powerful, especially when spoken by people with power over others.
Words are very powerful.
Words are very sharp objects.
Words are very unnecessary.
Words are vitally important.
Words are weapons owned by the liars.
Words are weapons, cars are weapons, any tool can be a weapon.
Words are weapons, especially when they are divinely inspired and prophetically timed.
Words are wearisome and worn while the arabesques of music are forever new.
Words are weighty.
Words are welcome, too.
Words are well-chosen.
Words are wetter than water.
Words are what books are essentially composed of.
Words are what connects the world of people together whether it be in fantasy or reality.
Words are what distinguish the human species from rocks and other hard, inanimate objects.
Words are what lead to guns.
Words are what make people respond and react.
Words are what motivate people to read, act, and buy.
Words are what sticks to the real.
Words are white space separated strings of characters.
Words are windows to the heart.
Words are wise men's counters, but the money of fools.
Words are wise men's counters, they do but reckon with, but they are the money of fools.
Words are women, deeds are men.
Words are wonderful so share some with a friend.
Words are wonderful things.
Words are wonderfully useful for adapting very quickly.
Words are words, and nothing more.
Words are words, but the process in which the words are received is crucial.
Words are words, whether rude of nice.
Words are words.
Words are world are symbiotic.
Words Are Worth It.
Words are worthless.
Words are written the same way but pronounced differently by different speakers.
Words are wrong.
Words are, fortunately, very malleable.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Words arise in the lake of silence, beautiful words, but they are just forms.
Words arn't good enough.
Words assemble themselves from colored fragments.
Words assume different meanings.
Words barely do it justice.
Words become actions.
Words become an easy escape when placed in a sticky situation.
Words become clearer the more the bird practices.
Words become cramped, and the appearance of the ad suffers.
Words become everything.
Words become inane.
Words become more important with the passage of time.
Words become obsolete.
Words become open to each and every meaning and hence become meaningless.
Words become pictures.
Words become real when they are bordered by silence.
Words become real.
Words become the strings by which the puppet is manipulated.
Words become the symbolic representation of spiritual, mythic, and historical beliefs.
Words become unbound, freed from the restrictions of paper and ink.
Words begin as description.
Words beginning with h, o and u sometimes begin with a vowel sound, sometimes a consonant sound.
Words beginning with uni- often mean there is one of something.
Words behave like a living brain.
Words being suggested make grammatical sense as well as being most frequently used words.
Words belong only to a single part of speech.
Words belong to everyone.
Words belonging to the same subject domain in a different language share the same semantic space.
Words bind the two together.
Words bounce off the rocks, and clash with their own echoes.
Words bounce off wood, plaster and glass.
Words break no bones, but many homes.
Words break no bones, but they do break hearts.
Words bring on more words, images free-associate to other images, and a mood of tension builds.
Words bring peace, mostly when language reveals truth.
Words bring peace.
Words brings peace or anxiety, hope or despair.
Words bruise and batter on the inside like physical blows bruise and lacerate the skin.
Words build now to destroy later.
Words build reputations.
Words build up and words tear down.
Words bump to the music like wallflowers to concrete in a loud, lonely club.
Words can accumulate in the spirit and cause one to react lovingly or hateful by what is spoken.
Words can act as allusions.
Words can act as dialect markers and language users have different oral and written vocabularies.
Words can actually be an experience of their own, an experience of the imagination.
Words can also be regular expressions.
Words can also cut like a knife, they can be soul destroying, toxic, insulting and hurtful.
Words can also hurt.
Words can also kill even the greatest love.
Words can also nurture our soul and spirit.
Words can also stick around longer if they fill a gap in the language, as with truthiness.
Words can and do change their meanings over the years.
Words can and do have different meanings and they are devoid of emotion or intonation.
Words can and do hurt people every day of their lives.
Words can appear diagonal, vertical and horizontal and even reversed.
Words can appear either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
Words can appear forwards, backwords, and on diagonals.
Words can appear horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
Words can appear in many different variations with the use of a text transition.
Words can appear in the dictionary in any order.
Words can attract graffiti and words can be perceived as graffiti.
Words can attract or repel readers.
Words can be a good indicator.
Words can be a hundred times more lethal than fists.
Words can be a matter of life or death.
Words can be a trap.
Words can be a very powerful tool.
Words can be across, down or diagonal.
Words can be addictive.
Words can be aggressive, arrogant and combative, so avoid pushy people.
Words can be as polluting to the senses as they can be beautiful.
Words can be both overwhelming and healing.
Words can be chains or they can be the means of asserting individualism and pride.
Words can be columns of text, headlines, subheads, captions, letters, or address information.
Words can be concrete or abstract.
Words can be dangerous.
Words can be demons or heroes.
Words can be diagonal, crossways, backwards, up or down.
Words can be easily misunderstood, but acts of kindness are self-explanatory.
Words can be either abstract or concrete as well as emotional or neutral.
Words can be exquisite objects of beauty.
Words can be extremely lethal.
Words can be forward, backward, diagonal or sideways.
Words can be forward, backward, diagonal, vertical or horizontal.
Words can be forward, backward, horizontal or diagonal.
Words can be forward, backward, horizontal, vertical or diagonal.
Words can be forward, backward, up, down, and diagonal.
Words can be forwards, backwards, up or down.
Words can be horizontal or diagonal, forward or backward.
Words can be horizontal or diagonal, forwards or backwards.
Words can be horizontal, vertical, or diagonal and to make it more interesting forward or backward.
Words can be horizontal, vertical, or diagonal.
Words can be hurtful but have the opportunity to change over time.
Words can be in any order.
Words can be in either order.
Words can be in multiple synsets.
Words can be incredibly hurtful.
Words can be just as violent.
Words can be just words.
Words can be kind of like an etching on the mind, positive or negative.
Words can be like methane, filling a room, asphyxiating the patrons.
Words can be masculine, feminine or neutral.
Words can be mean and hurtful.
Words can be mischievous or true.
Words can be misunderstood, but acts of kindness are self-explanatory.
Words can be misunderstood, hand signals are more precise.
Words can be more than just talking about something.
Words can be noble or iniquitous, generous or cheap, flamboyant or timid.
Words can be of any length, including single letters.
Words can be one or more morphemes.
Words can be part of a proof, but are more often a mnemonic for the real arguments.
Words can be playful or formal.
Words can be powerful, words can hurt, and words can heal.
Words can be powerful.
Words can be so empty.
Words can be so rhetorical, they can lead to endless discussions about nothing.
Words can be so vague sometimes.
Words can be strong, but actions are stronger.
Words can be the best weapon.
Words can be the life and death of a marriage.
Words can be the most harmful thing even more so than stick and stones.
Words can be verbal - written and spoken.
Words can be vertical, horizontal, diagonal, backwards or forwards.
Words can be vertical, horizontal, diagonal, forward or backward.
Words can be very healing today.
Words can be very powerful.
Words can be weapons and do great harm.
Words can be weapons as much as knives and guns.
Words can be weapons.
Words can be wonderful or wicked, kind or cruel, forthright or facetious.
Words can be, and generally are more damaging then a slap or punch.
Words can become footsoldiers in the war against therapeutic mediocrity.
Words can become more than letters on the page.
Words can become too much.
Words can bless a person or they can curse a person.
Words can blur, merge together, wobble, move, double, or even disappear.
Words can bring life and peace or death and destruction.
Words can bring new love in our hearts.
Words can bring tears.
Words can build or burn bridges of communication.
Words can build up and they can tear down.
Words can cause endless troubles and they can also give boundless joy.
Words can cause pain or laughter.
Words can cause real pain.
Words can change anything.
Words can change history.
Words can change our lives.
Words can change things.
Words can chase the clouds away.
Words can clarify.
Words can come quickly but then they lack calculated meaning.
Words can confuse but they can also explain.
Words can confuse, rather than clarify.
Words can confuse.
Words can constitute assault when they are accompanied by the ability to inflict immediate harm.
Words can contain hyphens but no other special character or symbol.
Words can contain specific products, company's or any combination of words.
Words can convey our ideas about our feelings but never the feelings themselves.
Words can create .
Words can create a culture and an environment that appear to condone prejudice and violence.
Words can create an attitude.
Words can create dreadful barriers or be powerful amplifiers of spiritual meaning.
Words can create illusions, false appearances.
Words can cut as a knife.
Words can damage just as much, and sometimes more.
Words can dance across the page.
Words can destroy it.
Words can destroy.
Words can devastate.
Words can divide, destroy.
Words can do at least two things, sometimes too much.
Words can do great good.
Words can do great harm.
Words can do so many things.
Words can do so much more in stirring people to a deeper level of consciousness.
Words can do so much.
Words can do things, can change the world can create new realities.
Words can drift in from the top, bottom, or sides of the page.
Words can either have just vowels missing or consonants or a mixture of both.
Words can encourage, discourage, or do nothing.
Words can enlighten, encourage, wound, destroy, intimidate, heal, devastate, uplift, change lives.
Words can entertain, educate, or inform.
Words can express more than any object.
Words can express sadness, happiness, and love.
Words can give strength, or they can destroy.
Words can go across, down and in two diagonals.
Words can go across, down or diagonally.
Words can go horizontal, vertical, diagonal, even backwards.
Words can go horizontally, vertically and diagonally in all eight directions.
Words can go in any direction and do.
Words can go in any direction as long as letters are adjacent to one another.
Words can go left to right, top to bottom, or diagonally.
Words can go only so far.
Words can harden the heart.
Words can harm people.
Words can harm.
Words can have connotative as well as denotative value.
Words can have contradictory meanings each selected for a different situation.
Words can have different meanings.
Words can have dozens of uses.
Words can have many meanings depending on the context and times in which they are written.
Words can have many meanings, both inside and outside of the field of investigation.
Words can have many meanings.
Words can have one or more syllables .
Words can have one or more syllables.
Words can have one syllable or more than one syllable.
Words can have symbolic meaning.
Words Can Heal - a new national effort to reduce verbal violence and gossip.
Words can heal and promote positive change today.
Words can heal and words can destroy.
Words can heal or words can wound.
Words can heal, and words can harm.
Words can heal, and words can hurt.
Words can heal, words can cure.
Words can heal.
Words can hide the truth just as words can tell the truth.
Words can hinder the exit of the evil spirit.
Words can hit a child as hard as a fist.
Words can hit harder than a baseball bat.
Words can hurt .
Words can hurt a lot and emotional abuse is destructive to a child s positive development.
Words can hurt and do matter.
Words can hurt and even kill.
Words can hurt and they can heal.
Words can hurt as much as whips can.
Words can hurt beyond belief, but the scars become medals and armour, after awhile.
Words can hurt but they can also heal.
Words can hurt just as bad as a stick or stone, sometimes even worse.
Words can hurt just as much as blows.
Words can hurt much more than sticks or stones, and leave scars that run much deeper.
Words can hurt someones emotionaly, more than something physical.
Words can hurt, but it is essential to look beyond the words at the intent of the criticism.
Words can hurt, isolate, and inspire injurious reactions.
Words can hurt, or encourage.
Words can hurt, too.
Words can hurt.
Words can include English words, foreign words or invented words.
Words can indeed hurt .
Words can injure deeply.
Words can inspire and lift our spirits, or defeat and deflate our souls.
Words can inspire.
Words can keep a relationship alive.
Words can kill, More often than thought.
Words can kill.
Words can lead to pain and hatred as well as to love.
Words can lie, say the masters.
Words can lie.
Words can lift spirits.
Words can limit and can add new connotations.
Words can literally change people's lives.
Words can look somewhat fuzzy.
Words can make a potentially brilliant mind confused and baffled.
Words can make all the difference in a child's life.
Words can make people happy or sad, angry or loving, and so on.
Words can make war or make peace.
Words can mean a variety of different things to different people.
Words can mean many things.
Words can minister grace.
Words can motivate and encourage, or they can crush and destroy.
Words can move people to action.
Words can never convey the sharpness of an experience after the fact.
Words can never describe their sound, because it is so original.
Words can never do the trick, in proving anything.
Words can never explain the beauty beneath the ocean.
Words can never express our gratitude and appreciation.
Words can never express our gratitude enough.
Words can never express the appreciation.
Words can never express the countless smiles they put on people's faces.
Words can never express the pathos of vivisection.
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words can never express.
Words can never say what words can never say.
Words can never tell .
Words can no longer have any meaning.
Words can obscure.
Words can only be in one form to count.
Words can only be one form to count.
Words can only go so far in describing the pain of an acute attack of angina pectoris.
Words can only hint at the hope and faith developed in such training.
Words can only point the way.
Words can only point to the reality they represent.
Words can open doors to enable persons with disabilities to lead fuller, more independent lives.
Words can posses an indescribable power to heal.
Words can promote suspicion, stereotyping, racist beliefs.
Words can read in all directions.
Words can really have an impact on some.
Words can really hurt.
Words can record the journey.
Words can relate to subject matter, media, meaning, and general critical observations.
Words can reveal truth.
Words can ruin reputations and careers.
Words can run horizontally, vertically and diagonally and can overlap one another.
Words can run in any direction.
Words can run top to bottom, bottom to top, left to right, right to left, and diagonally.
Words can run up, down, left, right and diagonally.
Words can run up, down, left, right or diagonally.
Words can save.
Words can say so much.
Words can scarcely describe the brilliance of the drake's plumage.
Words can sell anything.
Words can send an upset customer into orbit.
Words can send an upset customers into orbit.
Words can separate and divide, and words can quite literally kill.
Words can set in motion wonderful things.
Words can shape thoughts and spread opinions and beliefs.
Words can shatter the myths that surround domestic violence.
Words can shock.
Words can show our biases, sexism for instance.
Words can sometimes do more long lasting damage than deeds.
Words can start revolutions or end wars.
Words can sway emotion and opinion, as in a good movie or a good book.
Words can t be enough to describe what one can see.
Words can t describe it.
Words can t describe the feeling.
Words can t describe the hurt of our nation.
Words can t describe the spiritual depravity involved.
Words can t even explain it.
Words can take on many layers of meaning in hypertext.
Words can take on many meanings and can be twisted to fit any occasion.
Words can trap, and words can assure.
Words can turn into bullets, hate speech can kill and maim, just as censorship can.
Words can wound a person very deeply.
Words can wound, or they can heal.
Words can wound.
Words can, and many times do, reveal truth.
Words can, however, be ineffective unless accompanied by a living example.
Words carried into action assume the nature of that action.
Words carry meaning.
Words carry meanings at different levels.
Words carry messages.
Words carry pain and history, prejudice and intent.
Words carry reality.
Words carry the histories of lives, usages, other times and other places.
Words carry weight.
Words carved in stone or the modern day equivalent, email, are tough to take back.
Words cascade in syncopated rhythms.
Words casually chosen by digital initiatives often have deep analog roots.
Words cause nonsense.
Words cause our banner, victorious our day.
Words cause wars.
Words cease being a cerebral, symbolic system of arbitrary signs and carry a weight of emotion.
Words certainly are important to the every day functioning of human beings.
Words change in meaning even in our own generation.
Words change in meaning, grammatical function and they are formed into new combinations.
Words change in their meanings from one period to another.
Words change little, action changes everything.
Words change meaning over time, sometimes slightly, sometimes dramatically.
Words change meaning over time.
Words change weekly.
Words charging a woman with a violation of chastity are actionable in themselves.
Words collect their meanings according to their collaborated usages.
Words combine into sentences which represent more complex ideas or concepts.
Words come alive when spoken.
Words come and go.
Words come and words go and words adapt.
Words come as an afterthought.
Words come awash with meanings.
Words come before definitions.
Words come cheap now that the season is over.
Words come cheap.
Words come first from here and then from there.
Words come from time, feeling, place and talent, none of which are the same from day to day.
Words come in many forms.
Words come into mind without reason.
Words come out expressing ideas one never knew one had.
Words come out of the mind.
Words come out of their mouth that they are sorry for even before they finish the sentence.
Words come second, if at all.
Words come slowly and with great difficulty, like barnacles off a mussel.
Words come to have meaning by how they are used by native speakers.
Words come to mind instantly.
Words come to mind more easily.
Words comfort a wounded soul.
Words commonly used are thick, thin, heavy, light or dense.
Words communicate through their content and appearance.
Words complement the kinesthetic experience.
Words confine music into one specific interpretation.
Words connected by punctuation are separate words.
Words consist of atoms of thought.
Words consist of consonants and vowels.
Words consist of either back or front vowels.
Words consist of more than one phoneme by transitions .
Words constitute the most frequently used tool for communicating.
Words contain characters on all three rows.
Words contain different loadings.
Words containing capital letters or special characters or digits are good choices.
Words control our emotions.
Words control the play by causing all of the action.
Words convey and influence thoughts, feelings, and attitudes.
Words convey culture.
Words convey energy.
Words convey far less than the incense experience itself.
Words convey ideas, many of which can only be communicated through language.
Words convey ideas.
Words convey subtleties and reinforce stereotypes.
Words convey the intended message in a precise, interesting, and natural way.
Words convey the intended message in an interesting, precise, and natural way.
Words cost nothing.
Words count for very little.
Words Counts the number of 'words' in a 'sentance'.
Words cover the spectrum equally as well.
Words cover topics that include community, people, adjectives, and actions.
Words crawl from our lips, stiff, creaking in armor.
Words crawling across the screen are cute.
Words crawling black across the table, sees essence and labile and also infrangible.
Words create experience.
Words create pictures.
Words Create queries from words contained in a database.
Words create the illusion of division and separation forming a dualistic dimension.
Words create thoughts, thoughts create plans, and plans create murderers.
Words create worlds.
Words cross to to over borders and frontiers like airplanes and land in all the countries.
Words demand documenting.
Words denoting abstractions and mental processes are under-represented.
Words derive their meaning from the function they perform within the language game.
Words derived from a common shoresh share a conceptual, almost-familial relation with one another.
Words derived from two-syllable roots usually have an almost equal stress on both syllables.
Words describe all inanimate objects, as well, from different kinds of rocks, soils and minerals.
Words describe every plant and animal life form indigenous to our Islands.
Words describe or work in a form of life.
Words describe the heat and fire of life, from the fire within our bodies to the fury of a volcano.
Words describe, are almost never exstatic in their written form or their sound.
Words develop different meanings as people develop a new consensus on their definition.
Words didn t come.
Words direct our attention and our energies.
Words directly signify ideas and at the same time evoke images.
Words display on screen in coordination with the reading.
Words divide cities into various territories in a great many ways.
Words do a lot of damage.
Words do change their meanings, especially as they move from one language to another.
Words do come.
Words do divide.
Words do fail absolutely.
Words do have an impact on actions.
Words do have effects the freedom of speech is a powerful right.
Words do have incredible power, especially the words of scripture.
Words do have meaning, even when they are used in jest.
Words do have meanings.
Words do have power.
Words do have their place in the choral rehearsal.
Words do help to understand it, however.
Words do hold their own.
Words do hurt and more than sticks and stones.
Words do hurt as much as stones.
Words do hurt children.
Words do hurt.
Words do indeed have consequences.
Words do it no justice.
Words do make a difference.
Words do mean something.
Words do mean things and different things depending on how they are used and understood.
Words do more than just provide a means for exchanging ideas with others.
Words do sometimes fail.
Words do sometimes fly from the tongue that the heart did neither hatch nor shelter.
Words do tell a lot about the people in a particular place.
Words do too.
Words do, too.
Words dont always work as well as art.
Words drive the plot, words create the conflict, words are the atmosphere.
Words echo down through the corridors of heart and mind.
Words echo throughout the tunnels of time, centuries long.
Words embedded in graphics remain unchanged.
Words embody more than mere dictionary meanings.
Words embody our thoughts and express our feelings.
Words emit colors.
Words enable people to pass stressful emotion or feelings, as well as love, to others.
Words enclosed in square brackets are of doubtful authenticity.
Words end at hyphens, spaces, newlines, and punctuation.
Words ending in - o are exceptions.
Words ending in -mento are usually masculine and stress the penultimate.
Words ending in -phile are great, too.
Words ending in y preceded by a vowel add s .
Words ending in y preceded by a vowel retain the y before a suffix.
Words enter a language in a variety of ways while others fall into disuse and disappear.
Words evolve with an underlying feeling for the objects they describe.
Words excite the emotions in a very singular way.
Words exclude or include, they wound or heal, they clarify or obfuscate or disguise.
Words exist because of meaning.
Words exist in a universal namespace.
Words exist somewhere outside speech.
Words exist to be manipulated.
Words exist, but they stop short of true commitment.
Words express ideas, and ideas can change the world.
Words express passion.
Words fail before a cascade of associations.
Words fail completely to describe the most difficult moments in the recovery process.
Words fail in trying to say anything about it, but it's the absolute opposite of loss.
Words fail miserably in conveying what was going on in that church.
Words fail of course.
Words fail the task.
Words fail to describe art.
Words fail to describe how marvelous a love it is.
Words fail to describe how serious the situation is.
Words fail to describe the emotions.
Words fail to describe the mixture of loveliness and the breath of winds from the past.
Words fail to describe the natural beauty here.
Words fail to describe the sadness of it all.
Words fail to describe the tortures they inflicted.
Words fail to express such all consuming lameness.
Words fail to express such all-consuming lameness.
Words fail to fill the greatness of Jesus.
Words fail to produce a similar change in coherence.
Words fail, pictures are static, memories get recorded as feelings.
Words fall in space.
Words fall like predators on the page.
Words fall on a page like the pitter-patter of a warm spring rain.
Words fall one by one.
Words fall short because language is essentially social.
Words fill the empty room.
Words filled with emotion creates pathos, and that inspires compassion.
Words Find out what the press is saying.
Words flash across the screen, then stop.
Words flash through the stale air like knives.
Words flow at rapid fire speed.
Words flow from the gods onto the paper.
Words flow from the tip of the pen.
Words flow out in a continuous, creative stream.
Words flow out.
Words flow so easily.
Words flow. . . .
Words flows through the air, through the wires, through our brains.
Words fly and die.
Words fly back and forth.
Words fly faster as the exchange heats up.
Words fly like bullets, and the hum of angry staffers is deafening.
Words fly up like ash.
Words fly, writing endures.
Words fly, writings remain.
Words follow the whims of the flesh.
Words form our most common means of behavioral violence.
Words function as different parts of speech.
Words functioning in sequences, how they work, what ideas they carry.
Words generate images, sensations, analogies.
Words get customers to buy a product, try a service, send the check.
Words Get in the Way and more.
Words Get In the Way, and more.
Words get their meaning from context.
Words give birth to understanding. . .
Words give clear images.
Words give form to our experiences.
Words give meaning, purpose and destination.
Words give power.
Words give the brain a program to follow, and sloppy writing is as worthless as buggy software.
Words go across or down only.
Words go across the page from left to right.
Words go in every direction - up, down, diagonally, backwards and forwards.
Words go in one ear and out the other, especially when they present a challenge.
Words go up, down, forwards, backwards and diagonally.
Words gush like spilled wine and vapid phrases take on the luster of newfound eloquence.
Words hang from our mouths like lost notes.
Words have (part) syllables.
Words have a basic rhythm of alternating strong and weak syllables.
Words have a certain length and inflection.
Words have a concrete, organic reality.
Words have a connoted meaning to the reader.
Words have a deeper phonetic cultural meaning.
Words have a head, O shrewd man, and a tail.
Words have a history.
Words have a life of their own.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
Words have a look, feel, texture, weight and rhythm.
Words have a pedigree, and a communality of literary usage which offers guarantees of truth.
Words have a power all their own.
Words have a profound effect.
Words have a specific meaning.
Words have a way of getting tangled up and turned around.
Words have a weight of their own and lend themselves to abstract construction.
Words have alchemical power.
Words have an extraordinary power to lay out the possibilities for people in the world of action.
Words have an impact.
Words have an incredible ability to conjure emotion as well.
Words have arbitrary length.
Words have awesome power.
Words have consequences especially overseas.
Words have consequences.
Words have context, use it.
Words have definitions that exclude all the others in the dictionary.
Words have different meaning.
Words have different meanings for different industries.
Words have distinctive shapes that are formed by the contour of the tops of letters.
Words have emotional appeal.
Words Have fun with word games and discover new words.
Words have great power.
Words have histories.
Words have impact, and that impact is amplified under the bright lights of television.
Words have incalculable power.
Words have influence.
Words have letters.
Words have life and, thus have the power to create.
Words have limitations.
Words have limits in the conveying emotion.
Words have magic, especially when they come from the heart.
Words have meaing.
Words have meaning, they are the skins of living thoughts.
Words have meaning.
Words have meaning.
Words have meanings and the correct meanings are important.
Words have meanings, and ideas have consequences.
Words have meanings.
Words have multiple meanings depending upon the emotion or feeling being conveyed.
Words have multiple meanings.
Words have no effect or power upon the spirits of the dead.
Words have no inherent meaning.
Words have no legs, yet they walk.
Words have no meaning, in and of themselves, except at the given moment they are uttered.
Words have no meaning.
Words have no power unless they are read, or heard.
Words have no such magic.
Words have personal meanings, but they also have cultural meanings.
Words have potency.
Words have power and create a vibratory energy.
Words have power and words are symbolic.
Words have power and, strung together in sentences, they can change our lives.
Words have power, but they lose that power through over-use.
Words have power, they carry energy.
Words have power.
Words have precise meanings.
Words have real consequences.
Words have real power.
Words have something to say.
Words have specific meanings and can only be manipulated to a minor extent.
Words have spiritual values.
Words have such a powerful strength.
Words have such oomph, impact, firepower, pressure.
Words have such power and meaning.
Words have that potential to inflate our purposes and idealize situations too quickly.
Words have the ability to cut to the soul of a child.
Words have the power of creating realities, to model passions and heighten pleasures.
Words have the power to build up or to tear down.
Words have the power to change our minds and to shape our lives.
Words have the power to change things for good or for ill.
Words have the power to create.
Words have the power to encourage, build, praise, reveal love and heal.
Words have the power to heal wounds.
Words have the power to heal, to inspire and motivate.
Words have the power to hurt deeply.
Words have the power to hurt or heal.
Words have the power to inspire, to motivate, to calm, to excite, to endear, and to stir hatred.
Words have the power to kill or to sustain life.
Words have the power to take what is ordinary and make it holy.
Words have the surface meaning, an then they have often a deeper significance.
Words have their own power.
Words have to be at least four letters long.
Words have to be followed by deeds on both sides.
Words have to be in a valid order to make a sentence.
Words have to speak about that.
Words have tremendous power to shape our perception of reality.
Words have users, but as well, users have words.
Words have very little to do with our inner condition or feeling state.
Words have vibrational frequency.
Words have weight and power, firstly for the speaker, and secondly for the one who hears.
Words have weight, texture and form.
Words have Wings.
Words help preschoolers to feel important.
Words help to communicate.
Words help with healing.
Words hide it.
Words highlighted in boldface type appear in the glossary.
Words hold a powerful magic.
Words hold so much power.
Words hurt more than swords.
Words implement the algebra.
Words importing a gender include any other gender.
Words importing persons include corporations.
Words importing the masculine gender include the feminine and neuter.
Words importing the masculine gender include the feminine.
Words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa.
Words inform, body language gives meaning.
Words inserted for clarity are in brackets.
Words is where community begins.
Words is words.
Words joined by a hyphen are subject to a special rule.
Words just can t describe the collective sorrow in our hearts.
Words just come out of our mouths naturally and spontaneously.
Words just fall short in describing it.
Words just fall short.
Words just flow.
Words keep suggesting other unwanted words.
Words kill our meanings.
Words kill the soul.
Words kill, and words cause people to be killed spiritually, emotionally and physically.
Words launched by the tongue are just like that.
Words lead to actions.
Words lend themselves to that.
Words Lie in our Way .
Words Lie in Our Way.
Words link closely to pictures to explain in depth the science of our universe.
Words link to each other by proximity.
Words live lives of their own.
Words lose their muscles and become emaciated like a girl in the camps.
Words lose weight here.
Words make a difference.
Words make no sense.
Words make or break human relationships.
Words make reality.
Words make sales.
Words make the absence present.
Words make the sale on the internet.
Words match with behavior .
Words matter a lot in mathematics.
Words mean different things to different groups of people.
Words mean different things to different people and in different contexts.
Words mean different things to different people, depending upon their experience.
Words mean different things to different people.
Words mean different things to various people.
Words mean little when the dreams have died and the lockers are barren.
Words mean more than one thing.
Words mean nothing when they come from the mouth of a person who can live a lie so very easily.
Words mean nothing without belief.
Words mean nothing, and actions mean everything.
Words mean nothing.
Words mean something and it is important to define leadership so that there is no confusion.
Words mean something before they ever get to the design.
Words mean something.
Words mean things - get used to that fact.
Words mean things .
Words mean things only within their context.
Words mean things.
Words mean very little without their definitions.
Words mean what history has make it to be understood as over the years.
Words mean what they are used to mean.
Words mean what they cause.
Words meaning the opposite in some context e.g. big is an antonym of little.
Words merely form the frame on which the temple of thought is built.
Words motivate people to do many things.
Words Move cursor to anywhere on the word or the spaces before the word to be deleted.
Words move inside.
Words move into the fabric of the paper until what remains is a texture.
Words move slowly along the roadways, seeming to peer about as they go in the dimness.
Words move the story and advance the plot.
Words name different family members and friends.
Words never contain a work of art.
Words never end in consonants.
Words never enforce themselves.
Words never fail.
Words never replace nonverbal communication.
Words normally rhyme at the end of each line, or at the end of every other line.
Words now are death.
Words now patter like cool rain.
Words obviously fill the dictionary with denotations and connotations.
Words only enter in where there is nothing more honest to hold things together.
Words only erect verbal walls.
Words only get in the way.
Words only go so far in getting anywhere with collaborative work. . . .
Words only heal to a certain degree.
Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking.
Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assaults of thought on the unthinking.
Words ought to be as precious as ideas.
Words pass in and out of use.
Words pass, but their fruit does remain.
Words pay Never mistake the power of the word.
Words pay no debts. .
Words penetrate and stimulate and elevate.
Words play an important role in our moods, health and happiness.
Words play but a subordinate role on the stage.
Words play tricks on a forgetful shopper.
Words point at their meaning, signifying something beyond themselves.
Words portray a picture of our basic human nature.
Words pour out in a continuous, creative stream.
Words preserve democracy.
Words produce meanings because they are situated in a system of difference.
Words propelled by anguish seem to find their way into the calming silence of the past.
Words prove to be very important, so do actions.
Words provide information and instructions.
Words provided under each sticker allow easy access to correct spelling, if needed.
Words Provides definitions for older children but the graphics are for very young children.
Words qua words.
Words read and understood are pure potential.
Words Read between the lines of an annual report.
Words Read through all text, including introductory and concluding material.
Words really fail to describe what a surreal experience it is.
Words really get things started.
Words refer to objects, actions, motions, routines, and modifiers.
Words refer to objects, actions, properties and logical connections.
Words reflect social and self concepts.
Words relate to spelling rules, phonics keys, challenge words, and vocabulary words.
Words relate to the Revolutionary War.
Words related to life as it was during the Soviet period are predominantly of Russian origin.
Words related to sickness and death are to be avoided.
Words related to volcanoes, such as ash and lava, are in blue.
Words release memories that have been locked in the mind for what seems an eternity.
Words remain a web site's primary interface element.
Words Remain Incomparable.
Words repeated often become deeds.
Words represent concepts.
Words represent ideas.
Words represent mental constructions, concepts, which try in turn to justify experience to itself.
Words represent thoughts and thoughts lead to action.
Words representing the body are highly polysemic from the view-point of more detailed categories.
Words reside in memory like clouds or stones.
Words retreat into the background, the human being as such emerges.
Words return to silence every moment, inarticulate bronchial hacking.
Words reveal our intentions.
Words reveal the essence of what a person is.
Words reveal the thoughts of a person.
Words rip guts as silent time is kept in short breaths.
Words rise and set in our minds like suns of various hues.
Words rise up from a mouth .
Words roll at the bottom saying that the green stuff is representative of storms.
Words roll European clipped and accented, husky and considered.
Words run forward, backwards, up, down or diagonally.
Words run forwards, backwards, diagonally and one even runs down and back on itself.
Words run forwards, backwards, up, down, and diagonal.
Words run from right to left, left to right, up and down, and diagonally.
Words run from right to left.
Words run together and often complicate simple concepts.
Words run top to bottom, bottom to top, left to right, and right to left.
Words run top to bottom, bottom to top, left to right, right to left, and diagonally.
Words run vertically.
Words say everything.
Words say so little.
Words say so much.
Words scar deeper than any sword.
Words scumble the view.
Words seduce, challenge, educate, sell, entertain, and inspire.
Words seem frightening now, like boobie traps, or truth long-hidden, full of teeth.
Words seem inadequate and the other person seems bound to misunderstand.
Words seem inadequate.
Words seem so empty it feels as though they have all been used up.
Words seem so out of place.
Words seem to communicate more clearly than do images.
Words seem to go in one ear and out the other.
Words seem to have a power beyond mere communication.
Words seem to turn into pictures instantly.
Words sell perfume, gourmet food, wine, travel, music, clothing, even art.
Words set in upper and lower case have a more distinctive outline and are easier to read.
Words set to music say a thousand times more.
Words shackle one to the limited realm of a particular culture's past.
Words shape consciousness and therefore words have consequences.
Words shift in meaning.
Words show women where they stand in a relationship.
Words simply don t do it justice, it s an excellent film from start to finish.
Words simply fall out of their brains and onto the screen.
Words sing when they swing.
Words single themselves out and drift off the page coming back to collide in the binding.
Words slip and slither.
Words slither off a page.
Words slowly form and fill the screen.
Words soon turn to action.
Words sorts words alphabetically in groups of the same length.
Words sound alike because they share the same ending vowel and consonant sounds.
Words speak louder than non-action.
Words speak louder, fuller and have deeper meaning when contained in music.
Words speak through the lips as if flesh had anything at all to do with meaning.
Words specify differences while images indicate what is seen , either visually or in the mind.
Words spelt correctly.
Words splash on the page like a pointillist s canvas.
Words spoken by one person in reality come out of another character's mouth.
Words spoken can help, hurt, instruct, comfort, convey learning and so on.
Words spoken can inflict life long pain.
Words spoken from the heart are the words that heal.
Words spoken in love and reason can work miraculous changes.
Words spoken or written are misunderstood.
Words stand for ideas, and sentences hold words within a specific context.
Words stand for perceived objective entities and states.
Words stand for things of various kinds and for various kinds of things.
Words stand for things.
Words starting with certain sounds are funny, says one.
Words stay the same but their meanings change.
Words stay the same.
Words still have to be juxtaposed carefully to create the right imagery and feel.
Words still matter, of course.
Words still matter.
Words support the eye, eye reinforces ear, and ear the rich and creative power of our imagination.
Words surrounded by parentheses indicate the transcription is uncertain.
Words take a long time to sink in.
Words take on a bitter, hostile tone and meaning.
Words take on a rich meaning when used in an interesting story.
Words take on different meanings.
Words take on new meanings or fall into disuse.
Words take on symbolic significance when contextualized in religion or in a societal setting.
Words take on the power of concrete struggle.
Words take the absent friend away again.
Words take their meanings from other words rather than by virtue of their representative character.
Words tap deep feelings and can mean very different things to different people.
Words tap deep feelings, and they can mean very different things to different people.
Words tap our agonies and ecstasies.
Words tell stories, the facts and the details, the depth and the background.
Words tend to be arbitrary, and the songs seem to have as many versions as there are singers.
Words tend to be repetitive.
Words tend to be triumphalistic.
Words tend to represent general concepts, rather than specific things.
Words then become prayers when spoken with the knowledge of their spiritual content.
Words There are some words so hard to read.
Words therefore become hieroglyphs or icons themselves.
Words too can be markers of a deeper music, notations of living experience.
Words too have energy, as does the breathe on which they ride.
Words transcend the depths of time, leaving scars to be seen by future generations.
Words transmit mana as knowledge.
Words transmit tons of information.
Words transport the thoughts and dreams of wise men and magnificently strong-willed women.
Words truly are lousy soldiers when the mission is to describe intense feelings.
Words truly fail to describe the mischief the doctrine has done.
Words try to flow from a dry mouth, but there is nothing to say.
Words tumble over words.
Words turn to rocks, rubber bullets to real ones.
Words turn ugly and rocks are thrown.
Words typed in fancier fonts are in the next panel.
Words underlined with a solid line indicate insertions in existing enactments.
Words use languages as a disguise.
Words used are precise and unambiguous.
Words used as weapons are harmful and hurtful, leaving long-lasting intellectual scars.
Words used as weapons are more painful and hurt.
Words used correctly can capture a woman's heart.
Words used have their ordinary English-language meanings.
Words used here have impact.
Words used in a contract bear their common meaning.
Words used in a legal sense often mean something very different from their everyday meaning.
Words used in a metaphorical sense are usually words that are used equivocally by intention.
Words used in a statute are to be given their plain, ordinary meaning.
Words used in the masculine gender include the feminine and neuter.
Words used in the masculine gender include the feminine and the neuter.
Words used in the past or present tense include the future as well as the past and present.
Words used in the past or present tense include the future, as well as the past and present.
Words used in the past or present tense, include the future as well as the past and present.
Words used in the present tense include the future.
Words used in the present tense include the past and future tenses, and the future the present.
Words used in the present tense include the past and the future tenses and vice versa.
Words used in the singular include the plural and vice versa.
Words used in the singular include the plural and words used in the plural include the singular.
Words used in the statute are to be given their proper signification and effect.
Words used skillfully bring rewards.
Words uttered under coercion are proof of loyalty to nothing but self- interest.
Words vanish like a flock of birds in flight.
Words vanish, meanings change, and others remain the same.
Words vary considerably as regards their value for communication.
Words vary in meaning with the context.
Words vary on a lot of characteristics.
Words veil meaning.
Words weigh more than words can bear.
Words well spoken are pleasant and gracious.
Words well spoken can be very beautiful, bringing joy and happiness.
Words When searching, think of a word as a combination of letters and numbers.
Words wobble into the dazzle of the Strand.
Words work better than rocks to get at the truth.
Words work the same way.
Words work to a point, but nonverbal communication can convey deeper meaning.
Words Write a four line poem, right here, right now.
Words written in ink are on-line handwriting and can be recognized and transcribed into text.
Word always keeps placeholders where the return address normally is.
Words always appear in the suggestion box using the extended character set.
Words always get in the way, make everything too specific.
Words always have meaning in contexts.
Words frequently curl around singed or crumbled edges.
Words often betray their own purpose, obscuring the very thoughts they are designed to express.
Words often have a different meaning in the law than in common usage .
Words often have different meanings, and some words have high emotional content.
Words often have more than one meaning, or can sometimes suggest unintended implications.
Words often have more than one meaning.
Words often have multiple meanings, which can only be distinguished by context.
Words often mean different things to different people.
Words often seem to be irrelevant, sort of interchangeable except for the location each night.
Words often take on new connotations with time.
Word sometimes has problems with various version of f.ex.
Words sometimes come secondary to the melody.
Words sometimes have several different meanings.
Words usually lead to deeds.
All Word Find out how to say an English word in German, Dutch, Italian, French, or Spanish.
All word searches open in a new window as a printer friendly vesrion .
All words are ambiguous to some extent.
All words are ANDed with no truncation of root words.
All words are animal related.
All words are anthropomorphic, little human-shaped gods who dream our immortality.
All words are case sensitive.
All words are Chinese and English comparison.
All words are cross-referenced to spelling variations and variant forms.
All words are eight characters long.
All words are in English and can be found somewhere in the article.
All words are made from at least one syllable.
All words are new to a baby.
All words are only three letters such as 'man', 'cat', 'mop', etc.
All words are pegs to hang ideas on.
All words are property of the English language.
All words are railroad-related.
All words are searchable.
All words are simple food words.
All words are spiritual.
All words are symbols for ideas.
All words are that way.
All words are the beginning of orthodoxy.
All words are to be counted.
All words are to some extent subjective.
All words are useful tools.
All words can have infinite meanings.
All words capitalized are for emphasis only.
ALL Words check box.
All words come with hints.
All words end in a vowel, and each syllable has equal stress.
All words entered are additive unless explicitly told otherwise.
All words finds documents which contain every word specified.
All words following the official names are aliases for that host.
All words have ambiguity.
All words have at least one vowel.
All words have energy, just as thoughts do.
All words have linguistic ambiguity.
All words have opposites and images and sound.
All words have power.
All words have relevance and information to reveal.
All words have to match.
All words have to start with the same letter, no if, are, and, the, or but, etc.
All words linked within the body of the page are to be meaningful words.
All words mean everything or nothing.
All words seem to receive the same emphasis with little variation in pitch.
All words start with a yellow letter.
All words take on a special significance when viewed in light of their context.
All Words Use the keyword AND to return pages that contain all of the search words.
All Words Use the keyword AND to return pages which contain all of the search words.
Any word associated with a personal characteristic is easy for the cracker to guess.
Any word beginning in coulomb one of the source file is a label.
Any word can be a threat.
Any word can hurt when used as a weapon.
Any Word Click the title above to see many examples.
Any word ending in -tion is an abstraction.
Any word ending with an asterisk is treated as a prefix.
ANY word Find out more about our area.
Any word finds documents which contain any of the words specified.
Any word is a thought expressed.
Any word is ambiguous.
Any word is good word.
Any word omitted by the contestant is a miss.
ANY word Send a postcard to a friend.
Any word spoken with clear realization and deep concentration has a materializing value.
Any words added are in brackets.
Any words underlined , are usually links to other pages or places on pages.
Any Words Use the keyword OR to return pages with at least one of the search words.
Every word often contains useful clues.
Every word adds power to that ministry.
Every word appears to have been carefully chosen.
Every word becomes an access point for information and computing services.
Every word carries the history of literature, the feel of the whole country.
Every word come through loud and clear, with no problems to report at all.
Every word comes directly from America's top magazine writers and publishers.
Every word comes out publishable.
Every word comes to what can t be spared.
Every word consists of a syllable which is and always re- mains an unchangeable unity.
Every word costs money to print, so keep it as short as possible consistent with a good job.
Every word counts Bad writing is a jungle.
Every word counts especially in a short paper.
Every word counts in employment applications and personnel manuals.
Every word counts, and every phrase is critical.
Every word counts, and the pieces of the puzzle fit together with exhilarating precision.
Every word counts, every shrug, smile, every arched brow.
Every word counts, so avoid hype and sales jargon.
Every word counts, so keep it short and simple.
Every word counts, that's what online heads demand.
Every word counts.
Every word cuts like a knife thrust in the back.
Every word does a job.
Every word goes through four heads for approval.
Every word has a double, treble, or centuple use and meaning.
Every word has a meaning.
Every word has a purpose.
Every word has a significance in diplomacy.
Every word has a substitute.
Every word has a use.
Every word has another meaning.
Every word has at least eight repetitions, several close to the place it was originally introduced.
Every word has it's own magic.
Every word has life.
Every word has relevance.
Every word has significance.
Every word has to be just right.
Every word has to count.
Every word has two histories.
Every word here calls for close attention.
Every word here counts.
Every word implies another.
Every word is a charm.
Every word is a cuss word.
Every word is a lie.
Every word is a member of one and only one category.
Every word is a new longing for harbours to come back to.
Every word is a picture.
Every word is a preconceived judgment.
Every word is a self-revelation.
Every word is a smoke signal sent up with great effort.
Every word is a symphony.
Every word is addressed to individuals and speaks of how they are to behave and think.
Every word is an adamantine shell which encloses a great explosive force.
Every word is an audible dessert, dripping with the sauce of regionalism.
Every word is available for anyone to read.
Every word is carefully chosen, the style is fluid and poetic.
Every word is chosen with great care to show something important.
Every word is cogent.
Every word is completely comprehensible.
Every word is copyrighted.
Every word is counted regardless of length.
Every word is crisp and clear, no troubles at all.
Every word is cross-referenced to The Patterns of English Spelling .
Every word is different.
Every word is direct.
Every word is emphatic.
Every word is enunciated to an obnoxious degree.
Every word is fair game for the editor's blue pencil.
Every word is full of life and joy.
Every word is important.
Every word is indexed for easy searching.
Every word is indexed for instant access to favorite passages.
Every word is indexed for rapid retrieval.
Every word is indexed, so all text is completely searchable.
Every word is just right.
Every word is lapped up.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Every word is louder, clearer and easily understood.
Every word is lowercase.
Every word is made from syllables .
Every word is made up of a sequence of audio modules, so-called phonemes.
Every word is made up of a set of such phonemes, which serve as a fingerprint for that word.
Every word is meaningful.
Every word is packed with meaning.
Every word is part of a picture.
Every word is perfectly balanced and seemingly effortless.
Every word is preceded by thought.
Every word is precious.
Every word is pronounced as it is spelt.
Every word is pronounced by native speakers.
Every word is pronounced slowly with perfect enunciation and tune.
Every word is readable, and is weighted with sound common sense.
Every word is readable.
Every word is savored and every thought made one s own.
Every word is searchable, including references and graphics captions.
Every word is searchable.
Every word is separated from adjoining words through spaces.
Every word is something to be treasured.
Every word is spelled correctly.
Every word is spelled phonemically.
Every word is spoken or sung very clearly.
Every word is sung.
Every word is there for a reason and carries obligations and responsibilities.
Every word is there for a reason, probably ten reasons.
Every word is there for a reason.
Every word is there on purpose, and every needed word has been included.
Every word is there on purpose.
Every word is therefore important.
Every word is true . . .
Every word is true and written exactly as it happened.
Every word is true, as far as intelligent and hard-working private citizens can check it out.
Every word is true.
Every word is truth.
Every word is valuable.
Every word is vital, interesting, and revealing.
Every word is wasted and there is no point.
Every word is worthy of earnest study and profound meditation.
Every word is written so that the inexperienced beginner easily grasps the fundamental points.
Every word is, so to speak, x-rayed, mined for the possibilities of punning and allusion.
Every word makes an impression on the listener.
Every word matters, both in sound and meaning.
Every word matters.
Every Word Means No.
Every word means something.
Every word occupies space in time.
Every word points in several directions.
Every word posted is, unless the author specifies otherwise, a matter of public record.
Every word refers to a concept, which exists in the memory of the listener's mind.
Every word remains the same.
Every word represents an idea, or concept.
Every word rings with the sincerity of a life richly and fully lived.
Every word seems just right.
Every word seems to have been chosen with care.
Every word serves a purpose in a concise sentence.
Every word sounds insipid.
Every word spoken by students is heard.
Every word spoken here counts.
Every word spoken today needs to be urgently translated into action.
Every word spoken touches a life, for good or for bad, every word counts.
Every word spoken, every hint or understatement makes the entire web quiver a little.
Every word starts out as unknown.
Every word unveils another tie.
Every word volunteered by a student is valued, and written on the board without judgement.
Every word written by an organization is important.
Every word written in the Torah has deep, deep meanings.
Many word processing software programs also include resume formats.
Many words actually stand for or represent actual things or people in the world.
Many words also have different meanings in other contexts.
Many words are capable of a variety of meanings.
Many words are combinations of more than one language.
Many words are descriptive in terms of their diagnostic, therapeutic and pharmaceutical use.
Many words are different here.
Many words are identical in both German and English, such as finger, hand, arm, winter and wind.
Many words are identical in spelling but differ only in pronunciation.
Many words are somewhat nebulous in meaning until they stand in relationship to other words.
Many words come to mind.
Many words end in '-y' .
Many words fill in the blank.
Many words get their new meanings by misuse.
Many words have a form in which the accent shifts to a different syllable.
Many words have a number if different spellings within the text.
Many words have a number of different spellings within the text.
Many words have a variety of meanings, depending on the context.
Many words have at least two quite different meanings buried within syntactical structure.
Many words have different meanings and the same spelling.
Many words have different meanings in various fields even diametrically opposed meanings.
Many words have different spellings but are pronounced exactly the same.
Many words have long vowel sounds.
Many words have more than one meaning, e.g., Web pages, spider webs.
Many words have more than one meaning.
Many words have more than one part of speech.
Many words have multidefinitions.
Many words have multiple definitions from the different standards which are sometimes contradictory.
Many words have no foreign equivalent.
Many words have special meaning in the law.
Many words have special meanings which are derived from Christian theology and tradition.
Many words have structures and meanings which are exact copies.
Many words have the letters ie or ei in the middle.
Many words lead to vanity, and sin - cf.
Many words look alike on the mouth.
Many words look exactly the same on the mouth.
Many words play roles here, but the most significant are 'ego' and 'quis', as well as 'jam'.
Many words sound the same mean different things.
Many words taken for granted in daily conversation are the object of legal disputes.
Many words used in geography are everyday words.
Many words used today in America have their origins in Greek mythology.
More word searches.
More words are better, as long as they are descriptive.
More words can often obscure meaning, rather than clarify it.
More words count less.
More words mean less documents.
More words means more matches and lower accuracy.
More words means more score.
More words return fewer results.
Most words are labels, they represent by some handy means.
Most words are names for objects in the world.
Most words are phonetically regular.
Most words are searchable except stopwords.
Most words are the same, though sometimes spelt different.
Most words are, in fact, both ambiguous and vague.
Most words deal with rhetoric or speaking and writing.
Most words emerge from a hazy mist suddenly, there they are, out of nowhere.
Most words pack two meanings which, taken together, do the writer's work.
Most words turn on or off options in the programs.
Most words uttered to an audience expire the night they are uttered.
Some words always cause apostrophe trouble.
Some word is similar to English,some is different wholly.
Some words acquire the status of technical terms, and so do carry more baggage than others.
Some words appear in blue, bold and underlined.
Some words appear in the adverts and became trade names, because they sound so nice.
Some words appear so frequently that they are ignored in keyword searches.
Some words apply to such a wide variety of sounds as to be almost useless, such as ring and crash .
Some words are a description of a phenomenon or a class of other words.
Some words are ancient and exist still.
Some words are arguments in themselves.
Some words are censored.
Some words are cinderblock, think of that.
Some words are clues.
Some words are crucial to the understanding of the article.
Some words are different, just like Australian and British words.
Some words are difficult to be associated with an animal or object words like the and went.
Some words are easier to spell than others.
Some words are easy and some are more difficult.
Some words are hard to say.
Some words are impossible to read because of the fold of paper.
Some words are in green.
Some words are in italics and some in bold.
Some words are in red and function similar to web links.
Some words are just different that way over here.
Some words are just more accurate than others are.
Some words are just plain difficult to type.
Some words are like rays of sunshine , others like barbed arrows or the bite of a serpent.
Some words are like that.
Some words are more difficult.
Some words are more expressive than others.
Some words are more plural.
Some words are more powerful than others.
Some words are never conjunctions, although they are frequently used so incorrectly.
Some words are of little value because they identify lots of documents.
Some words are of little value, because they identify lots of documents.
Some words are offensive and hurtful, and encourage prejudice and discrimination.
Some words are particularly baffling.
Some words are powerful and very descriptive.
Some words are similar in spelling but have different meanings so are easily confused.
Some words are similar to the Polish language.
Some words are similar to the Ukrainian language .
Some words are similar to the Ukrainian language.
Some words are simply funnier than others.
Some words are so broad they mean a lot of things.
Some words are specific to the function.
Some words are stubborn.
Some words are technical, and some are just cute.
Some words are the foundation, and others are the ornaments on the roof.
Some words are triggers for angry conversations.
Some words are true.
Some words are uttered and some sounds made, which are really nothing but vibrations in the air.
Some words are value-laden.
Some words are verbs in one context but nouns in another.
Some words are well known as being the same in most indo-european languages.
Some words attract their ear, some are just easier to reproduce.
Some words become jargon because their once-precise meanings got watered down through trendy misuse.
Some words become obsolete over time.
Some words bring one to immediate attention.
Some words can appear in bold , others in italics and some in both .
Some words can be black on a light grey background while other are highlighted by black on white.
Some words can be other words after they are rearranged.
Some words can come up with interesting sites.
Some words can have a hyphen added to change the meaning.
Some words carry insulting or derogatory connotations.
Some words carry more magic than others.
Some words change the interpretation of a statute.
Some words change their spelling.
Some words change to make a plural.
Some words claim to bleed.
Some words come by the title ambigram naturally.
Some words come from the Piedmontese language or Italian.
Some words contain somewhat cryptic superscribed numbers.
Some words crack like a ring being dropped on a table.
Some words creep in because nobody else has come up with better ones.
Some words differ minimally.
Some words end in -s and appear to be plural but are really singular and require singular verbs.
Some words even contain negative emotional associations.
Some words follow spelling patterns, like at, or ake .
Some words form clusters, as described in the next subsection.
Some words form new words when one or more letters are removed.
Some words form the comparative and the superlative in an irregular manner.
Some words give rise to endless debate.
Some words have a final -s built right into their spelling.
Some words have a meaning that is commonly known, but are also used at times to mean something else.
Some words have a more restricted use, being commonly used only in certain villages.
Some words have a picture of the hand image to aid in visualizing the sign.
Some words have a See also link to related words.
Some words have a special meaning for the retrieval system.
Some words have a stress pattern that varies according to their position in the sentence.
Some words have different meaning in different countries.
Some words have different spelling for example 'color' and 'colour', which are both correct.
Some words have many different meanings, depending on the subject matter.
Some words have many forms.
Some words have more generalized meanings and can be used correctly in a variety of contexts.
Some words have more than one correct spelling.
Some words have more than one meaning, for example 'spring' can refer to the season, or the object.
Some words have more than one morpheme.
Some words have multiple meanings or are specific to computer-based information and instruction.
Some words have multiple meanings, depending on the time the text was written or translated.
Some words have multiple meanings.
Some words have multiple translations.
Some words have one beat, some have two.
Some words have other changes.
Some words have references to specific authors, but very few have complete references.
Some words have several stressed vowels.
Some words have simple meanings and are used routinely.
Some words have slightly different meanings to different audiences, and nuances are important.
Some words have special meanings in science.
Some words have the power of life or of death.
Some words have the power of plague.
Some words have the two or more consonants merged together.
Some words have to be capitalized and centered on the page.
Some words have two meanings from different origins.
Some words have two meanings which contradict each other.
Some words have very similar meanings.
Some words lend themselves to multiple interpretations.
Some words lose bits in the middle.
Some words lose their diacritics through morphological alteration.
Some words offend people by conjuring up frightening thoughts.
Some words place the interpreter into compile mode.
Some words populate the text so densely that the meanings are lost.
Some words read up, or down, or on an angle.
Some words refuse to be stable enough to be assigned a simple meaning.
Some words seem to have been lost here.
Some words sound alike but are spelled differently.
Some words sound alike but have different spellings and meanings.
Some words sound alike, but are spelled differently and have entirely different meanings.
Some words sound like another.
Some words sound the same but are spelled differently.
Some words speak in special ways.
Some words start with a consonant blend .
Some words still can kill.
Some words stir the emotions.
Some words survive only in the theasaurus, the verbal equivalent of a zoo.
Some words take on a different meaning in the dark.
Some words take several sentences to understand because they are abstract.
Some words though are tricky.
Some words used today are actually old Danish words and some are original Scanian words.
Some words work better than others in conveying our message to the public.
Wordiness causes more trouble than brevity.
Wordiness is a major stylistic problem in undergraduate manuscripts.
Wordiness is a relative term.
Wordiness is a result of idea generation .
Wordiness is a result of idea generation.
Wordiness is an obstacle to self-knowledge.
Wordiness is arguably the biggest obstacle to clear writing and speaking.
Wordiness is everywhere, and it affects many English-speaking writers today.
Wordiness is one of the most prevalent weaknesses of writing.
Wordiness is verbosity
Wordiness weakens writing.
Wording are formulations.
Wordless animation explores the complexities of conflict resolution.
Many wordless books use a repeated pattern or a rhyme.
Wordless sex is full of social consequences and meaning.
A wordnet is a database
Wordnet can make applications 'smart'.
Wordnet gives synonyms for words in the query.
Wordnet is a lexical database for English where the words are organized into synonym sets.
Wordnet is a lexicographic database for the english language.
Wordnet isa database.
Most wordprocessing programs have the capability to make simple programs.
Words form sounds.
Words Words are power and they always serve some purpose.
Words Words are very powerful.
WORDsearch titles are STEP compatible and fully expandable.
A wordsmith is an author
Wordsmiths use constraint as the midwife to invention, and always have.
Most Wordsworth sites offer quite a few links to other resources.
Wordy constructions rob the prose of force.
Wordy prose is boring.
Work accidents are common.
Work accidents are legion and health hazards enormous.
Work accidents happen while an someone is working .
Work accidents happen while an someone is working.
Work addiction is so overlooked in our country.
Work behavior is observed.
Work behaviors are often as important as technical skills.
Some work boots have a flat piece of steel in the sole to protect the foot from sharp nails .
Some work boots have a flat piece of steel in the sole to protect the foot from sharp nails.
Work box stitch around braid loosely enough to slide up and down braid.
A work camp is a camp
Work camps are the least expensive facilities to build and operate.
Work camps offer an inexpensive way to travel, live and work internationally.
Work camping provides a proven and personally satisfying mechanism for helping others.
Some work capital has firms.
Work cards can take up to ninety days to get.
Work conditions are totally insecure.
Work conditions can often be loud, so it is important to have hearing protection.
Work conditions vary by shift.
Work conditions vary from extremely hot and humid summers to near freezing, wet winters.
Work conditions vary with each job.
Work conditions vary.
A work day is a weekday
Work day is kept short by the craftily arranged pick up and drop off time.
Work Day Work Out Exercise without leaving the office.
Work days are flexible.
Work days are long and free time is limited.
Work days are varied including week-ends.
Work days can be extremely long.
Work days can be uncomfortably long without the right chair.
Work days occur before and after.
Every work day is a new experience.
Every work day is different.
Most work days are stressful.
Some work days are better than others.
Work environment can be even more effective for employee retention than any financial incentives.
Work environment can be hot, cold, wet, dusty, and noisy.
Work environment can play a large part in how people feel about their jobs.
Work environment exposes employee to potential minor injuries and frequently adverse weather.
Work environment includes office, school facilities, and organizational facilities.
Work environment is casual and fun and wages are competitive.
Work environment is casual.
Work environment is dynamic and product speciality is unique.
Work environment is fast-pace and demanding.
Work environment is nonunion, and company has excellent relationships with it employees.
Work environment is positive, energetic and progressive.
Work environment is professional but casual.
Work environment is teamwork oriented with an applied research focus.
Work environment plays an important role in job satisfaction.
Work environment plays an important role in staff job satisfaction.
Work environment refers to the type of organization and culture in which the work takes place.
Work environment refers to the type of organization where the work takes place.
Work environment requires the individual to work outdoors and in various types of weather.
Work environment stresses integrity and values innovation, creativity and diversity.
Work environment varies according to customer locations.
Work environments are social environments.
Work environments can be fun, energetic, and creative sometimes leaning toward busy and demanding.
Work environments can be loud with laughter, or quiet and laid back.
Work environments depend on factors.
Work environments do as well.
Work environments tend to be clean, well organized, and pleasant.
Work environments vary greatly and hold a huge variety of exciting challenges.
Every work environment has a person who feels responsible for the role of office complainer.
Most work environment involve one or more health and safety hazards.
Most work environments are now highly automated.
Most work environments depend on factors.
Most work environments use a proxy server of one form or another.
Some work environments enable people with the syndrome to flourish.
Some work environments focus on development.
Some work environments focus on professional development.
Work experience associated with fuels procurement is desired.
Work Experience Begin with most recent employer.
Work Experience Begin with the most recent.
Work experience boosts careers, according to surveys of both employers and students.
Work experience brings recipients into the mainstream of adult life.
Work experience can be an important part of any student's high school years.
Work Experience can be with public or private employers.
Work experience can help make the graduate school experience more meaningful.
Work experience can help students to get decent jobs.
Work experience can indicate an applicant is responsible and has a strong work ethic.
Work experience Conducted during the year and can include term holidays.
Work Experience Creates an opportunity to establish learning and working skills.
Work experience develops maturity, a sense of responsibility and self-confidence.
Work experience focuses on how a television programme is organised structured and researched.
Work Experience Gain valuable practical experience of the world of work.
Work experience has negative effects for all age and sex groups.
Work experience helps greatly.
Work experience includes co-ops and internships.
Work experience includes farming, forestry, craft and help in running the households.
Work experience includes four years in real estate and title industries.
Work experience includes generation of sub-system specifications, design, prototype and measurement.
Work experience includes livestock superintendent at the county fair level.
Work experience includes museums to restuarants.
Work experience includes public schools, neuro-rehabilitation and private practice.
Work experience includes reliability modeling and device characterization.
Work experience includes. . .
Work experience involving customer service is a plus.
Work experience is a consideration if it is within the last three years prior to application.
Work experience is a learning experience for all students.
Work experience is a proven way of developing the skills that employers look for from graduates.
Work experience is a two way deal.
Work experience is a universal theme of admissions criteria.
Work experience is almost always a good thing.
Work experience is also a plus.
Work experience is always difficult to find, and when it turns up it can be fraught with danger.
Work experience is always helpful.
Work experience is an advantage.
Work experience is an important component.
Work experience is an integral part in most courses.
Work experience is another short-term option.
Work experience is arranged listing most recent job first.
Work experience is as valuable as qualifications.
Work experience is at least three years and solid.
Work experience is available in France, Germany and Portugal.
Work experience is available.
Work experience is beneficial.
Work experience is combined with educational seminars.
Work experience is combined with seminars conducted at intervals during the quarter.
Work experience is combined with seminars conducted at intervals during the semester.
Work experience is considered an advantage.
Work experience is considered in the context of the overall application.
Work experience is critical in keeping researchers grounded in a fast changing industry.
Work experience is defined as employment in diabetes patient education for compensation.
Work experience is desirable.
Work experience is emphasized in addition to school.
Work experience is evaluated for personal and professional development.
Work experience is for a minimum of eight continuous months and a maximum of sixteen months.
Work experience is gained through cooperative education, internships and field experience.
Work experience is given no formal weight in evaluating an applicant's chance for admission.
Work experience is highly desirable.
Work experience is important and communications ability is critical.
Work experience is important no matter where it occurred.
Work experience is included as part of the program.
Work experience is increasingly important, as it is voluntary and part-time work.
Work experience is just as important as formal education.
Work experience is just one of many factors considered when evaluating an applicant.
Work experience is looked upon favorably by most employers.
Work experience is more beneficial.
Work experience is more valuable in establishing a career goal.
Work experience is necessary for automotive auditors.
Work experience is nominal.
Work experience is offered through paid apprenticeships throughout the community.
Work experience is often less important.
Work experience is one of three criteria used to make admissions decisions.
Work experience is open to students if their major career field is occupational education.
Work Experience is open to students who want to be placed in a job or who are already employed.
Work experience is particularly helpful.
Work experience is preferred.
Work experience is provided for technicians, secretarial, administrative, and engineering students.
Work experience is provided through part-time jobs.
Work experience is provided through private industry collaborations.
Work experience is provided to enhance the knowledge and skills developed in the classroom.
Work experience is really good.
Work experience is recommended at approved community business enterprises.
Work experience is recommended.
Work experience is required.
Work experience is strongly preferred.
Work experience is supervised by faculty.
Work experience is supervised.
Work experience is taken into account, although a minimum academic standard is still required.
Work Experience is the best way to gain hands-on experience in a student s area of interest.
Work experience is the most important criteria the admissions office uses to assess applicants.
Work experience is useful.
Work experience is usually the next heading.
Work experience is valuable for young workers.
Work experience is very often the deciding factor when managers compare resumes.
Work experience is weighted heavily in the admission decision.
Work experience is work experience whether paid or non paid.
Work experience learning outcomes include both participation and employability skills.
Work Experience Provide all work experience relevant to the position with the most recent first.
Work Experience Provides temporary or part-time employment.
Work experience reports.
Work Experience see above.
Work Experience See above.
Work experience strengthens the graduate s resume.
Work experiences are a great way to introduce students to careers.
Work experiences are possible in a number of fields.
Work experiences are unpaid assignments.
Work experiences are usually during the school day and most are for nonpaid learning.
Work experiences contribute to the growth of the whole person.
Work Experiences vary, depending on individual interests.
All work experience can prove to be valuable experience.
Any work experience is useful.
Any work experience is valuable in that it demonstrates willingness to work, attendance, etc.
More Work Experience is available upon request.
Some work experience developing software is desirable.
Some work experience does have an intrinsic value, though.
Some work experience gained on placement or vacation work is an advantage.
Some work experience includes financial statements.
Some work experience includes statements.
Some work experience is beneficial.
Some work experience is very useful.
Some work experience needs for jobs.
Work flow is advancement.
Work flow is improved by eliminating the tedium of redundant data-entry.
Work flow is normal, so there is no escalation.
Work flow is progress
Work flow takes into consideration all types of activity relationships.
A work force is a personnel
Work force needs assessment.
Work force needs.
Work forces are forces.
Work forces are in full-time equivalents, unless noted.
Some work forces support benefits.
Work function includes network design, network management, security, scalability and performance.
Work function is one of the most fundamental properties of materials.
Work group consists of multiple space based programs.
Work group needs to identify what the spectrum of security is needed before developing standards.
Work groups are a common arrangement within today's business organizations.
Work groups are often more effective when comprised entirely of one sex.
Work groups are people who meet to accomplish a particular task.
Work groups can express themselves anonymously about peers and managers.
Work groups develop action plans.
Work groups function as real teams.
Work groups have a more or less well defined task and a realistic approach to discharging it.
Work groups interact with local families as they do rehab work.
Work groups play an important role in the success of an organization.
Work groups prepare the ricefields using fulcrum shovels.
Work Groups recommend appropriate best-practices and identify services best served by the Web.
Work groups spend twelve hours in mini-workshops.
Work groups stay at a local Presbyterian church.
All work groups perform processes.
Every work group can become a work team and every work team can become a superior work team.
Most work groups meet face to face every other month.
Some work groups own their processes.
Some work groups share their processes.
Work hardening ensures that the body structures used on the job are tough and ready to go.
Work hardening is a process by which the material grows stronger as it is deformed.
Work hardening is felt as a springyness in the strip while it is being worked.
Work hardening is the third.
Work hardening takes place on the bearing surface.
Work hours are a good example.
Work hours are extremely flexible, and the environment is particularly people centered.
Work hours are flexible and arranged by the supervisor as jobs become available.
Work hours are flexible and meeting people in the film industry is normal.
Work hours are flexible and new employees receive three weeks of paid vacation per year.
Work hours are flexible to accommodate class schedules.
Work hours are flexible to accommodate students busy school schedule.
Work hours are flexible with extremely competetive wages and benefits.
Work hours are flexible with times after school, evenings and weekends.
Work hours are flexible with varying on-call, evening, weekend and holiday work.
Work hours are flexible, internship for six months.
Work hours are flexible.
Work hours are for working.
Work hours are in the millions.
Work hours are irregular and sometimes long.
Work hours are long and workstations are being used around the clock.
Work hours are longer and vary more widely than hours of most other workers.
Work hours are more regular and predictable with less pressure.
Work hours are negotiable.
Work hours are occasionally irregular.
Work hours are often irregular.
Work hours are primarily weekday evenings and weekend days and evenings.
Work hours are reasonable, weekends are free, and there is little travel.
Work hours are subject to scheduled events and staffing needs.
Work hours are the same as bus drivers.
Work hours can add up to problems.
Work hours entail giving campus tours or performing various office duties.
Work hours involve working special events primarily evening, weekend and holiday hours.
Work hours require working one weekend a month.
Work hours shrink.
Work hours vary and are determined by the preceptor to whom the intern is assigned.
Work hours vary and include weekends.
Work hours vary by location.
Work hours vary by site.
Work hours vary depending on position.
Work hours vary for the different types of operators and editors, although most work full time.
Work hours vary greatly among retail establishments.
Work hours vary to accommodate customer's local time and facilitate real-time contact.
Work hours vary upon the mission at hand.
Work hours vary widely.
Work hours vary with the type of operator or editor, although most work full time.
More work hours correlate with increases in salary.
Work injuries appear correlated with worker's age.
Work injuries can range from the trivial to the severe.
Work life has to be balanced with personal life.
Work life is considered the third area of life in terms of integration with the faith.
Work load can also refer to non-call activities.
Work load can be very high but wide variety of experience to be gained.
Work load has a major impact on production time also.
Work load is distributed equitably.
Work load is extremely heavy.
Work load is light in order to allow discussion and reading about particular disease processes.
Work load is moderate.
Work load is work
Work loads are always heavy.
Work motivation is studied and related to job interest in the service sector.
Work of art is art
Work of art is art.
Work of art is artifacts.
Work of art is ornaments.
Work of art is used for admiration.
Work of art is used for ages.
Work of art is used for appreciation.
Work of art is used for buying.
Work of art is used for contemplation.
Work of art is used for expression.
Work of art is used for inspiration.
Work of art is used for selling.
Works of art are almost always a matter of culture.
Works of art are also welcome.
Works of art are cognitive devices aimed at the production of rich cognitive effects.
Works of art are for sale.
Works of art are full of the content of life.
Works of art are more or less harmonic and bring pleasure, a sensation of beauty.
Works of art are never original.
Works of art are received and valued on different planes.
Works of art are relics of the artist's process.
Works of art are some of the highest achievements of civilization.
Works of art can be on the term, beside the term or in between terms.
Works of art contain creative potential that challenges the participant to become involved.
Works of art provide new gestalts and ultimately new grounds for confidence.
Works of art speak on many levels and illuminate greater truths.
Works of art take on unusual significance when they are about to be placed permanently.
All works of art advertised are subject to prior sale.
All works of art are available for sale.
All works of art are for sale.
All works of art are now data.
All works of art are stimulants to the imagination of viewers.
All works of art have the inalienable right to an honourable and dignified existence.
All works of art have the inalienable right to remain in their original abode whenever possible.
All works of art lend themselves to critical reviews.
Any work of art existing in space is built around a forcefield.
Any work of art has room for an array of interpretations.
Every work of art has some kind of structure.
Every work of art involves the element of choices.
Every work of art is created within a context.
Every work of art is determined by what preceded it.
Every work of art is filled with symbolic meanings.
Every work of art is political.
Every work of art maintains a subdued tone.
Many works of art are pretty disturbing and fucked up ugly.
Many works of art are the results of artists communicating about such issues.
Many works of art can fit into several categories at once.
Most works of art are for sale.
Most works of art express unconscious desire.
Some work of art born out of nightmare continue to communicate nightmare through time.
Some works of art are more difficult than others to comprehend.
Works of love are works of peace and purity.
All works of love are works of peace.
Work order is a term frequently used in the facilities industry.
Work Order releasing automatically consumes appropriate plan.
Work orders apply when needed, but are eliminated where possible.
Work orders are a really good accountability tool of what's going on on campus.
Work orders are for scheduled inspections, service, and replacement of equipment.
Work orders are searchable and listed by status.
Work orders are to be written.
Work orders can either be auto or manuallly applied.
Work orders can take anywhere from a few minutes to a few days to resolve depending on the problem.
Work orders come into the shop via miniforms on the administration's Web page.
Work orders covering serious conditions remain outstanding over a year.
Work orders generate complete with work plans and resource requirements.
Work orders provide the best proof as to when a problem was first reported.
All work orders are in triplicate.
Every work order covers a specific location and is executed during a predetermined time period.
Some work orders are more important than others.
All work outs are twice a week.
Work output is at a low level.
Work output is never greater than work input.
A work party is an unit
Work parties are another fun way to meet people, while helping to maintain the club facilities.
Work parties are fun and rewarding, but they are hard work and can be strenuous.
Work Parties continue.
Work parties happen because people do the leadership to call the time, get the materials, etc.
Work Parties Work Parties Work Parties Watch for upcoming work parties.
Most work parties occur on weekends, and last several hours.
Some work parties are flexible by appointment.
Work People become involved in the community for a variety of reasons.
Work People use their talents in many ways to earn their living and accomplish goals.
Work performance demonstrates sound judgment and attention to detail.
Work performance is a spiritual issue.
Work performance is evaluated on the basis of objectives achieved.
Work performance is evaluated on the basis of results achieved.
Work performance is evaluated regularly throughout the assistantship.
Work performance is obtained through direct communication with the applicant's previous employers.
Work performance is reviewed by a superior.
Work performance is under close observation for conformance with prescribed instructions.
Work performance is, of course, monitored and evaluated by the intern's work-site supervisor.
Work performance suffers.
A work permit is an instrument
Work permits are also available for foreign businesspeople and executives.
Work permits are available from the main office secretary.
Work permits are available to the foreign investor although stringent rules apply.
Work permits are easier to obtain for technical staff than for unskilled or semi-skilled workers.
Work permits are generally valid for one year and any type of employment.
Work permits are no longer issued in Dublin alone, any Irish consular post can grant the same.
Work permits are probably the most elusive part of the entire working abroad process.
Work permits are virtually impossible to obtain for some countries.
All work permits are valid for one-year duration and can be renewed.
Work places change.
Work places range from nonprofit organizations to the local, state, or federal government.
Every work place is required to keep a register of injuries.
Many work places offer free and fully confidential counseling.
Many work places require people to dress the same and follow procedure.
Work placement is a small but important part of most of the courses.
Work placement is according to daily needs of the various work branches.
Work placement is an integral part of the course.
Work placement is just like work experience but there is more doing work rather than watching.
Work placement is obtained mainly during studies.
Work placements are also far more common in academic training, often involving a study year abroad.
Work placements are an integral part of the courses.
Work placements are available on campus and through community employment.
Work placements are hard to get.
Work placements are opportunites for both voluntary service and career development.
Work placements can involve a range of activities requiring analytical and numerate skills.
Work plate is available by special order.
Work process controls.
Work rate is tremendous.
Work rates vary among team members and positions on the team.
Work release is approved for all employees.
Work release is coordinated through the jail's work release administrator.
Work release is often full, too.
Work release is open to all high school students with work permits.
Work rules are important.
Work rules are the major issue in the contract dispute.
Work rules are the single most important factor determining the quality of our work lives.
Work Rules Check out some of the ludicrous work rules at campuses.
Work sheets give students the opportunity to practice and demonstrate skills.
A work shift is a hours
Work shifts are about five hours long, which averages to twenty to twenty-five hours a week.
Work shifts are approximately four hours long so sunscreen is highly recommended.
Work shifts are flexible but the lunch and dinner hours are encouraged.
Work shifts are one half day each week.
Work shifts are regularly two hours long and operate one morning and one afternoon a week.
Work shifts exceeding eight hours also increase the accident risk.
Work shops are offeredm readers by professional writers.
Work site is business casual.
Work site is often extremely hot.
Work sites are available throughout the Tulsa area.
Work sites are in local, state, regional, national, and international locations.
Work sites are in Wisconsin, Minnesota , and North Dakota.
Work sites are off campus and focused on career experiences.
Work sites are often dusty, muddy, and sometimes in remote areas.
Work sites are specific to the field of environmental science and conservation.
Work sites can be noisy.
Work sites can make walking the city difficult and add to the traffic problem.
Work sites provide two-thirds of the operating budget.
Work sites range all the way from lower Minnesota to the Canadian border.
Work sites range from clean to dirty.
Work sites range from local offices to international experiences.
Work sites vary from urban centers to forests, parks, and rural areas.
Work sites vary.
All work sites are subject to inspection at any time.
Many work sites have showers, lockers and secure bicycle parking.
A work song is a song
Work songs are most often responsorial.
Work songs are very rare in Irish singing.
Work space affects productivity as well as employee morale.
Work space is also available for students to do independent study projects.
Work space is arranged as dictated by project needs.
Work space is available for visiting scholars, member and student projects.
Work spaces are cramped.
Work spaces are open, unlike the separate rooms dividing work stations in the previous building.
Work spaces are spacious and pleasant.
Work spaces can range from outdoor scaffolding to crawl spaces inside a wall.
All work spaces receive natural light from the original facade and a few selective cuts from above.
Some work space is provided in the lab for debugging purposes only.
Work standard is above average.
Work stations allow for entry of pre-set job parameters in a convenient, operator friendly manner.
Work stations are available for web-based research.
Work stations are tables.
Work stations are usually clean and well lit.
Work stations are workstations.
Work stations can be custom-tailored to the requirements of individual workers.
Work stations use powerful, high-speed chips with many instructions permanently built in.
All work stations allow for Internet access, email, and fax broadcasting.
Every work station has a lot of space, and the people work in a very comforable environment.
Most work stations are wheelchair accessible.
Work stoppage is a direct action
Work stoppage takes priority over software installation.
Work stoppages are at an all time low.
Work stoppages are low compared to national figures.
Work stoppages are rare.
Work stoppages are strikes or lockouts.
Work stoppages become a relic of the past.
Work stoppages can impact launch schedules.
Work stoppages cost millions of dollars.
Work stoppages interrupt services, reduce profits, threaten jobs and disrupt lives.
Work stress can lead to harassment or even violence while on the job.
Work stress has everything to do with money.
Work stress imposes enormous and far-reaching costs on employees.
Work stress is measured objectively and by actual events.
A work study is an examination
Work study allows many students to stay on-campus while working.
Work study eligible a plus.
Work study is a federal program offering part-time jobs both on and off campus.
Work study is a federal program that provides funds to the school for the student's employment.
Work study is a part-time employment usually on campus.
Work study is a subsidized employment program.
Work study is also available for students qualifying for financial aid during the summer.
Work study is also available in certain positions.
Work study is an option.
Work study is available and scheduling is flexible.
Work study is available as a form of financial aid.
Work study is financed entirely by the school.
Work study is generally available and grant matches are considered.
Work study is included as a part of their package.
Work study is just like any other job.
Work study is one alternative.
Work study is payment in exchange for working part time on campus or in the community.
Work study is planned as a part of the applied nature of the program.
Work study is renewable annually if students perform adequately.
Work study is required.
Work study is taxable income.
Work study is the answer.
Work study is the exception and side jobs are practically non-existent.
Work study is where a student obtains a job on campus and is paid an hourly wage.
Work study offers students a supervised experience in the world of work.
Work study provides jobs for which the recipient receives salary or hourly pay.
Work study provides part-time university employment to eligible students.
Work study provides the opportunity to work at an on or off campus site.
Most work study is a dead end.
Work team helps rebuild church in Eastern Cape destroyed by a tornado.
Work team stands on the lower terrace.
Work teams allow employees the opportunity to contribute their thoughts and ideas.
Work teams are also welcome.
Work teams are essential to organization success.
Work teams are formal groups made up of interdependent individuals, responsible for attaining goals.
Work teams are hungry for a common purpose and opportunities to create solutions.
Work teams are the darlings of missions.
Work teams are the leaders in outcome reporting.
Work teams are usually four people with disabilities and one job coach.
Work teams can also improve the group skills of both their leaders and members.
Work teams can collaborate on problem-solving.
Work teams can link individual and corporate goals and objectives.
Work teams determine their own bench marks for success and track their progress on a report card.
Work teams do have a ministry in Honduras.
Work teams engage people at all levels of the organization.
Work teams have the potential to yield quality, productivity and cost improvements.
Work teams play an important role in the modern corporation.
Work teams provide annual updates of trends analysis when updating work team program plan.
Work teams receive a free meal at the camp in addition to our gratitude.
Work teams represent a very complex phenomenon.
All work teams are groups, but only formal groups can be work teams.
Most work teams are open to resources for their safety meetings.
Work time is a period
Work time is a resource limited to the same day, week, and year for everyone.
Work time is balanced with recreation.
Work time is flexible.
Work time is given during each class.
Work time is recorded to the nearest tenth of an hour.
Work time is time periods.
Work time is very flexible.
Work times are fairly flexible with some work in evenings and weekends.
Work times are fairly flexible with work in evenings and weekends.
A work unit is an unit
Work units are responsible for reference checking.
Work units are units of measurement.
Work units change from functional divisions to process teams.
All work units reside in the global object space.
Every work unit has a full copy of the plan.
Some work units close their doors to women.
Work visas are naturally the most difficult aspects of finding jobs.
Work wear is casual and so are the work relationships.
Work week includes week days and alternate weekends.
Work weeks are dates.
Work weeks are irregular and days can be long.
Work weeks are longer, leisure breaks are shorter, and the pace of life is faster.
Work weeks average more than sixty hours.
Work weeks vary per location.
Work Work Compare the workplace of today with work in the last century.
Work zones are also a site of primary risk for accidents involving both workers and drivers.
Work zones are inherently dangerous places.
Work zones are no place for impatience or aggressive driving.
Work zones can also contain work surfaces, operators, and positional markers.
Work zones can appear anywhere and at anytime.
Work zones can be very dangerous for all vehicles especially when traveling on the highway.
Work zones pose safety problems for both motorists and workers.
Work zones require time and courtesy.
Many work zones involve lane closures.
Work absorbs most of the days and most of the years of most adults in the world.
Work accomplished can be only for educational and instructional purpose.
Work accounts receivables, accident files, and monthly reports.
Work addresses the development of smart interfaces for the user of such devices.
Work adds meaning and purpose to life, and there is dignity in all useful occupations.
Work adds meaning and purpose to life.
Work affects a segment of the agency's overall human rights program.
Work affects agency research and public opinion.
Work affects direct services provided to all students.
Work affects environmentally sound coal mining and reclamation operations statewide.
Work affects everything, and thus stress at work affects a worker s health and family.
Work affects family because the same people who play work roles also play family roles.
Work affects family, and family affects work.
Work affects highway engineering projects requiring aerial survey data.
Work affects major aspects of organization's cartographic programs.
Work affects portions of projects requiring aerial survey data.
Work affects quality and timeliness of applications processing for users.
Work affects surface coal mining and reclamation operations statewide.
Work affects the accuracy and timeliness of computer output, which affects the work of other units.
Work affects the accuracy and timeliness of electrical projects.
Work affects the accuracy of maps.
Work affects the agency payroll process by performing the full range of payroll responsibilities.
Work affects the agency payroll process or a portion of the agency's payroll process.
Work affects the agency's success in carrying out missions that involve aerial support.
Work affects the completion of a variety of sheet metal assignments on an agency-wide basis.
Work affects the delivery of services to localities in a region of the state.
Work affects the effective and efficient operation of an agency's marine research vessel program.
Work affects the effectiveness of the antenatal testing program and general genetic clinics.
Work affects the efficiency and accuracy of supply services to an assigned unit or units.
Work affects the efficiency of the telecommunications services provided to customer agencies.
Work affects the environmental conditions of a specific geographic area.
Work affects the focus and scope of a health district's nursing program.
Work affects the full range of sheet metal duties for all areas within an agency.
Work affects the general public in terms of law enforcement and safety during crisis situations.
Work affects the general public, landowners, the forest industry and the state's forest resources.
Work affects the majority of roadway construction projects within a Highway District.
Work affects the operation and efficiency of the emergency services communications systems.
Work affects the operation of the communication system and a portion of the maintenance budget.
Work affects the operation, usage, performance, and resources of agency telecommunications networks.
Work affects the operations of an assigned warehouse area.
Work affects the operations within an assigned warehouse area.
Work affects the program's budget and the operating condition and safety of agency watercraft.
Work affects the program's budget and the operational condition and safety of agency watercraft.
Work affects the sanitary conditions and appearance of a highway rest area.
Work affects the successful completion of carpentry projects from initial layout to final assembly.
Work affects the successful completion of sewing projects and the quality of the final product.
Work ahead includes restoring the guest bedroom's concrete floor.
Work aimed at defining drill targets is in progress.
Work aims to be intergenerational, multi-cultural and accessible.
Work aims to prevent deterioration using only reversible techniques.
Work allows people to reach their fullest potential.
Work also becomes a preparation for meditation.
Work also brings human interaction, which is stimulating and essential to basic human needs.
Work also consists of standard explanations of personnel programs or policies.
Work also continues on drainage.
Work also continues on modelling turbulent diffusion processes and spray wall interactions.
Work also continues on the circulation desk.
Work also continues on the development of a contract between the two consortia.
Work also continues on the fieldhouse additions and fine arts areas as well.
Work also continues on the roof.
Work also continues on the south end of the property.
Work also continues on the tertiary mirror cell and supports.
Work also continues on the trucks, motors, seats and other components.
Work also continues to determine the compliance of our business partners and suppliers.
Work also continues to upgrade the electrical standards at the seminary student homes.
Work also continues with closer interaction with area Native American tribes.
Work also demands strong commitment and flexibility when it comes to work hours.
Work also depends on the weight of the object.
Work also earns wages that put food on the table and pay the rent.
Work also gives people a chance to practice skills and abilities and to socialize with others.
Work also has a connection with life.
Work also has a sign.
Work also helps to develop self-esteem.
Work also includes assisting in maintenance and repair work in the power plant.
Work also includes collaborations on performances and text-based installations.
Work also includes collecting and analyzing data from experiments conducted on plants or animals.
Work also includes construction of median barrier.
Work also includes counseling and preventive therapy with clients and families.
Work also includes daily use of a fully automated computer system.
Work also includes diamond grinding the surface to provide a smooth ride and additional signage.
Work also includes Getting There , the path to cool careers.
Work also includes guardrail, signing and lighting at the interchange.
Work also includes income and sales taxes, commodity taxes and estate planning.
Work also includes installation of energy dissipating bearings.
Work also includes keeping an efficient and accurate file system of records, documents, and reports.
Work also includes making modifications to equipment as necessary.
Work also includes new roofing, as well as a new garage, driveway and parking pad.
Work also includes prevention of osteoarthritis and kidney stones.
Work also includes promotion of the foster grandparent program in the community.
Work also includes public speaking and preparation of written reports to present findings.
Work also includes replacement of five existing mooring bollard.
Work also includes researching and resolving problem cases and complaints.
Work also includes responsibility for preparing reports of programs operations and results.
Work also includes responsibility for proper lighting of the set.
Work also includes review and comments on land subdivision plats and zoning cases.
Work also includes river diversion, foundation grouting, ogee spillway and ancillary works.
Work also includes routine clerical support tasks related to the tellering function.
Work also includes selecting and ordering equipment and supplies.
Work also includes supervising and conducting physical inventory.
Work also includes supervising subordinate managers and professionals.
Work also includes taking samples, and responding to and following up with public complaints.
Work also includes the ability to use a personal computer.
Work also includes the preparation of tax policy training and operations manuals.
Work also includes the responsibility for efficient and safe operation of assigned buses.
Work also includes trouble-shooting and installation of terminals, scanning devices and printers.
Work also includes tutoring and assisting studio users and teaching workshops.
Work also involves a great deal of thought.
Work also involves advising and assisting assigned agencies in the preparation of budget requests.
Work also involves assisting in stage layout and operating projection devices.
Work also involves assisting visitors with exhibits and activities in museum and outreach events.
Work also involves attending formal training in basic law enforcement.
Work also involves balancing the cash drawer at the end of the day.
Work also involves care and maintenance of farm animals and immediate area.
Work also involves conducting pathological studies.
Work also involves continually monitoring and updating computerized inventory database.
Work also involves continuous exposure to unusual pressure in performing the duties of the position.
Work also involves developing organizations to be more effective.
Work also involves development and dissemination of promotional materials.
Work also involves directing a highly technical team of appraisers.
Work also involves duties relating to the maintenance and repair of equipment and facilities.
Work also involves educating the public on building safety concerns and code compliance.
Work also involves executing warrants, making arrests and testifying in court.
Work also involves explosive chemicals and gases.
Work also involves frequent kneeling, squatting, pushing, pulling, reaching and climbing.
Work also involves functional leadership as a lead worker to other temporary personnel.
Work also involves general maintenance and other harbour related duties.
Work also involves general repair, troubleshooting, and routine service operations.
Work also involves giving talks, guiding tours, and conducting educational and interest programs.
Work also involves handling the uncomplicated debt collection cases.
Work also involves hay-making and maybe irrigation.
Work also involves interpreting location plats and making mathematical calculations.
Work also involves maintaining records, and reporting information as required.
Work also involves maintenance and repair of sewer stations and associated equipment.
Work also involves many people, and there is no individual work or trades.
Work also involves occasional instruction and training of a small group of employees.
Work also involves performing various standard management consultant roles and responsibilities.
Work also involves planning and the maintaining of a complete inventory of parts and equipment.
Work also involves planning, assigning and reviewing the work of clerical and secretarial staff.
Work also involves polymeric redox-recyclable extractant synthesis and analytical usage.
Work also involves preparing public assistance recipients to become employed.
Work also involves procurement, parts inspection, assembly, and testing.
Work also involves providing training or technical advice to lower level revenue agents.
Work also involves quality control of film.
Work also involves reporting information regarding network use, malfunctions and data errors.
Work also involves scheduling staff and assessing the delivery of care to patients.
Work also involves selecting or constructing adaptive equipment to be used in the treatment process.
Work also involves serving warrants, making arrests and testifying in court.
Work also involves taping, bedding and texturing various surfaces prior to painting.
Work also involves the purchasing, financing and quality assurance of purchased food.
Work also involves the use of a wide variety of hand and power tools in all types of weather.
Work also involves utilizing effective and environmentally safe approaches to pest management.
Work also involves water meter installation, replacement and meter reading.
Work also involves writing and issuing press releases on league and sports events.
Work also is planned to improve the acoustics.
Work also is underway to expand the amount of vinyl being recycled.
Work also is underway to put the shows on the Internet.
Work also needs to be done on how patterns of care differ based on who delivers basic care.
Work also needs to be done on the roads and electrical system.
Work also needs to be done to narrow the gap between private companies and government agencies.
Work also needs to be finished to the proper stage for any announced critique.
Work also needs to be organised more efficiently.
Work also provides access to social networks, and access to new opportunities for advancement.
Work also provides an indespensible balance in our life of contemplation.
Work also remains to be done to stabilize soils seared by the fire.
Work also requires day and evening meetings with local industrial officials.
Work also requires photograhic ability.
Work also requires the performance of clerical tasks which follow well-established procedures.
Work also requires the use of tact and skills in dealing with patrons of the recreation facility.
Work also takes place on education and enlisting public support.
Work also uses micro-organisms to clean up effluents.
Work appears for one year.
Work appears to be ongoing to try to salvage the working atmosphere of the group.
Work apprenticeships for students and adults.
Work arrives across the puddle without a crack.
Work assigned on the day a student is absent is due one day after the student returns.
Work associated with stably stratified atmosphere are underway and progressing.
Work associated with the modification of messages by intermediaries is also out of scope.
Work automatically expands to fill the time available.
Work awaits resolution of a conflict over the approach to the woods on Fern Road East.
Work based learning is a crucial element.
Work based learning sites are diverse.
Work based learning transforms the workplace into an active learning environment.
Work based on important unpublished sources is particularly welcome.
Work basically is impossible at that age.
Work bays for mechanic work.
Work becomes a creative challenge, a joy.
Work becomes a fatigue when done unwillingly.
Work becomes a joy.
Work becomes a meaningful and rewarding experience for everyone.
Work becomes an addiction.
Work becomes an adjunct to benefits, rather than a replacement.
Work becomes easier as their competence level increases.
Work becomes easy when efforts are supported.
Work becomes enjoyable instead of stressful.
Work becomes fun.
Work becomes less productive and less enjoyable for everyone.
Work becomes less stressful and less likely to injure.
Work becomes mobile.
Work becomes more fun and fun becomes more work.
Work becomes more integrated.
Work becomes more rewarding since jobs have a greater component of learning.
Work becomes play.
Work becomes profitability.
Work becomes something that is an end in itself rather than simply a means to earning a living.
Work becomes tedious.
Work becomes vocation.
Work begins after receiving check.
Work begins after the materials are received.
Work begins at daylight and continues until well after the sun has set beyond the western horizon.
Work begins at the first overseas factory.
Work begins at the trunk and progresses to the end of the terminal branch.
Work begins early, usually at the end of the fall semester, for the show in the spring.
Work begins early, with young people helping with farm chores before school.
Work begins eastbound.
Work begins for piling, bridge foundations etc.
Work begins immediately as snow accumulates.
Work begins immediately on it's reconstruction.
Work begins immediately.
Work begins in a few months .
Work begins in the basement, including tearing the bleachers out from the former dance studio.
Work begins in the summer.
Work begins in USSR toward making an atomic bomb.
Work begins next week.
Work begins now.
Work begins on a Hancock, MN location as well.
Work begins on a new athletic field.
Work begins on a plan to separate DC's combined sanitary and stormwater sewers.
Work begins on a request only when it is sufficiently specific and clear.
Work begins on Cincinnati service center.
Work begins on construction of storage areas inside dugouts.
Work begins on De mulieribus claris .
Work begins on German disk program based on recovered 'alien' technology.
Work begins on innovative science education program.
Work begins on laying the foundation of the building.
Work begins on major winery expansion project.
Work begins on new orders the next business day.
Work begins on one of two heavy bomber fields to be constructed.
Work begins on our next brochure.
Work begins on setting forms for the building's footings.
Work begins on the display wall.
Work begins on the interdisciplinary project.
Work begins on the new facade and parking area.
Work begins on the next major model change, 'The Silent Gray Fellow'.
Work begins on the projectile which is to be fired from a huge gun.
Work begins on the second floor of the building.
Work begins on the shoreline.
Work begins on the third meditation.
Work begins on the two columns on the west wall.
Work begins on two new finale routines.
Work begins once check is cleared.
Work begins only after both parties sign a contract.
Work begins on-site at dawn before the day's heat becomes overwhelming.
Work begins the next month on setting up the new body.
Work begins the spring before the students' senior year when topics are chosen.
Work begins to build walls to circle district.
Work begins to educate professionals about the 'obvious'.
Work begins to produce a reference implementation and compatibility tests.
Work begins upon written client approval of estimate.
Work begins when the fee is received.
Work begins with assignments to staff writers.
Work begins with removal of half of the existing bridge deck.
Work begins with sensing the pulse.
Work begins with the development and client approval of a design.
Work begins without delay.
Work being done at low temperatures reveals electric charge states of vacancies.
Work being done elsewhere in the country confirms the potential of such techniques in psychotherapy.
Work belongs to the beggarly, the ignoble.
Work belongs to the revelation of truth.
Work boils down to effort.
Work brings both dignity and security.
Work brings extra earnings and job seekers meet with good success now.
Work bubbles out of epoxy in drill hole for best appearance.
Work builds and fortifies character.
Work builds self esteem.
Work calls together.
Work can affect a sexual relationship in a number of ways.
Work can affect benefits in many ways.
Work can also be a bear because of travel.
Work can also be an environment where excitement comes from looking ahead to the end of the shift.
Work can also include upgrading the home's energy efficiency.
Work can also serve as a rehabilitative or therapeutic activity.
Work can and usually does mean time spent in planning, supervision and control.
Work can apply to services or hardware acquisitions.
Work can be a distraction.
Work can be a significant source of stress, sometimes for reasons that are difficult to pinpoint.
Work can be a site for subversion.
Work can be a very seductive escape because it looks like dedication rather than evasion.
Work can be about serenity and salvation.
Work can be an important place to address substance abuse issues.
Work can be any place any time.
Work can be anything from helping to move stock to feeding the dogs and changing their water.
Work can be both on and off- site.
Work can be different A growing number of visually impaired people opt for self-employment.
Work can be difficult, boring, and frustrating.
Work can be extremely stressful and overwhelming.
Work can be extremely stressful.
Work can be from any media.
Work can be from the fall or spring semester and can be work in progress.
Work can be fun.
Work can be functional, nonfunctional, or sculptural glaze pieces.
Work can be hectic during peak dining hours.
Work can be helpful in restoring routine in one's life.
Work can be independent or within an existing nonprofit organization.
Work can be just as destructive in our lives.
Work can be just as fun as play.
Work can be like both economics and politics.
Work can be moderate to extremely strenuous, and hours are often long and irregular.
Work can be more than just an instrument.
Work can be noisy and pressurised with constant contact with the general public, handling enquiries.
Work can be on a paid or volunteer basis.
Work can be on or off campus.
Work can be on projects which are either historic or prehistoric.
Work can be one of the best disciplining factors in a child's life.
Work can be one of the best ways of self-discovery.
Work can be ongoing or completed, and can include course work projects.
Work can be ongoing or completed, and can include senior or coursework projects.
Work can be on-going or one time.
Work can be particularly difficult.
Work can be physically and emotionally demanding.
Work can be real boring, but play is always fun.
Work can be satisfying, enjoyable and rewarding and most employers treat their workers fairly.
Work can be so wonderful.
Work can be stressful as deadlines approach.
Work can be stressful at times especially if meeting deadlines on projects.
Work can be stressful in stormy conditions.
Work can be stressful when a deadline is approaching.
Work can be stressful.
Work can be such a four-letter word.
Work can be the means to achieve power, recognition, and status.
Work can be the source of our greatest anxieties or our sweetest triumphs.
Work can be the vehicle to teach skills traditionally thought of as academic.
Work can be toxic.
Work can be transfer by copy and pasting.
Work can be varied, depending on the article or report.
Work can be very dangerous when the weather is rough.
Work can be with the elderly dealing with chronic debilitating conditions and arthritis.
Work can become a source of happiness, and self-esteem, as well as prosperity.
Work can become drudgery.
Work can begin anytime.
Work can begin as soon as all plans are approved.
Work can begin as soon as the permit is issued.
Work can begin on the new image as soon as copies become available.
Work can begin when the permit is issued and the permit fees are paid.
Work can begin within days of the approval of the statement of work.
Work can bring a feeling of worth and achievement that comes in no other way.
Work can bring enormous joy and beauty to people's lives.
Work can bring satisfaction or frustration.
Work can commence immediately after installation.
Work can commence once all parties agree to the terms and funds are available or received.
Work can comprise homework, project work, or any other school work.
Work can continue even in the face of extreme weather conditions or natural disasters.
Work can convey status.
Work can creep into the edges of even the coolest job.
Work can dampen and stifle the soul.
Work can darken life.
Work can determine our feelings of competence, mastery, and achievement.
Work can dictate their use of time and determine what they can afford to do or buy.
Work can dominate life here.
Work can either facilitate or inhibit the progress of carpentry projects.
Work can either negatively or positively impact laboratory services or research projects.
Work can enhance human dignity when it offers opportunities to create in relationship with others.
Work can feel exciting and challenging.
Work can focus on field studies or laboratory investigations.
Work can give meaning to our lives, or it can detract significantly from the quality of our lives.
Work can give rise to high levels of fibre.
Work can help create a just society on earth and lead to the salvation of our souls.
Work can include any time which is given to the co-op.
Work can include strategy development and expert testimony.
Work can increase the kinetic or potential energy of a system.
Work can involve plans.
Work can involve problems.
Work can involve sweat.
Work can make a lasting social difference.
Work can make a substantial and specific positive or negative contribution to health and wellbeing.
Work can make heat.
Work can make man free, but one can also be a slave to work.
Work can now continue toward implementation of the remaining goals of the grant.
Work can originate on any format, such as film, video or computer based.
Work can proceed for far longer times than before without risk to human life.
Work can provide a lot of personal gratification.
Work can provide an exhilarating sense of adventure and fulfillment.
Work can provide an opportunity to make friends, earn a paycheck and gain experience.
Work can range from a few days to several months during the growing season, depending on the region.
Work can range from budget remodeling through to award winning architectural homes.
Work can require climbing and lifting.
Work can ruin the body.
Work can spoil anyting.
Work can start after the permit is issued.
Work can start as soon as the money is available.
Work can start very early and finish late.
Work can start when the permit is issued.
Work can strengthen families and teach children valuable lessons.
Work can take a day or a week.
Work can take many forms, and can even be redemptive when done in the spirit of service.
Work can take place out of a formal office or from the consultant's home.
Work can then begin to implement the plan.
Work can then start on the interior.
Work can vary from simple questions to mo re complex projects.
Work can wait a bit.
Work can wait for a minute.
Work can wait.
Work carried in all major distributions is most prestigious.
Work carries on, as there is now a small mountain of outdoor gear to service.
Work casts with good form.
Work causes a desire to rests.
Work causes exhaustion.
Work causes great stress.
Work causes less tension for single mothers.
Work causes stress for older persons.
Work causes the ac- cumulation of carbon dioxid, which is nature s narcotic.
Work causes work.
Work centered on Malaysia and the Southeast Asian region receive priority.
Work challenges our minds and tests our bodies.
Work changes the object's energy, so it makes sense that work and energy have the same units.
Work Check back often.
Work clearly indicates that student understands the process.
Work closes because they got half an inch of snow last night.
Work Collecting metadata is a process of information gathering .
Work comes before play, chores come before breakfast, and so on.
Work comes first, and then comes the positive frame of mind.
Work comes first, then family, chores, and our well-being is last.
Work comes in a multitude of flavors.
Work comes in many varieties.
Work comes out of a complex mixture of personal relationships, reputations and specific needs.
Work comes somewhere after that.
Work completed at any time during the current academic year is acceptable.
Work completed during the Spring Independent Studio is reviewed at the start of each summer.
Work completed is evaluated by the person designated by the student's department.
Work completed is thorough and legible.
Work completed outside of class is required to be typed.
Work completed prior to grant award is ineligible for funding consideration.
Work completed since the last save is lost.
Work completed to date includes completely refurbished library and field house.
Work completed to encourage natural regeneration is also eligible.
Work concentrates the mind and shuts out external noise.
Work connected to a sense of purpose and vision is filled with joy and fulfillment.
Work conserving system sends the packet once the server has completed service.
Work consists both janitorial and stocking.
Work consists of checking information, making phone calls and doing data entry into the computer.
Work consists of cleaning the interior and exterior of residental and commercial windows.
Work consists of copying the question only.
Work consists of ditching and repaving.
Work consists of duties involving different and unrelated processes, or methods.
Work consists of fairly standard procedures and tasks.
Work consists of grading, gravelling and concrete repaving.
Work consists of handmade fine furniture and carved panels.
Work consists of landscaping, yardwork, painting, cemetery work and planting trees.
Work consists of mostly new construction of garages and pole barns.
Work consists of outside garden work and packing of items for shipping.
Work consists of rehabilitating old trail and clearing for an improved footbed for backpacking.
Work consists of removal of asphalt from the bridge deck and repairs and repaving of the deck.
Work consists of replacing thirteen existing fume hoods with new for code compliance.
Work consists of routine technical duties.
Work consists of two parts.
Work consists of waitering at an Italian restaurant.
Work consists of what a body is obliged to do .
Work consumes a small portion of our lives.
Work consumes many fathers lives.
Work consumes only a small part of our time.
Work consumes their lives, and it leaves little time for the things families generally do.
Work containing live or dormant animals, insects, etc. is in appropriate for the space.
Work contains many errors.
Work contains sound as well as visuals.
Work continues according to schedule without any problems.
Work continues adding other sections covering a variety of ergonomics topics.
Work continues all along the trail to enhance the experience for trail users.
Work continues also on the kinematics of avian spermatozoa.
Work continues among the collaborators in the project towards full-scale products and services.
Work continues apace to action the remaining initiatives as quickly as possible.
Work continues apace.
Work continues as ordnance experts carefully dig to identify and remove the materials.
Work continues as scheduled.
Work continues as the volunteers are inspired and entertained by a brigader playing bagpipes.
Work continues as usual.
Work continues at a rapid pace and the huge armature is taking shape with detailed modeling.
Work continues at an accelerated pace driven by visions of imminent success.
Work continues at the airfield with fences being pulled down to make way for more aircraft parking.
Work continues at the center with melons and sweet corn.
Work continues collecting images for use in the web teaching.
Work continues daily.
Work continues during daylight hours.
Work continues each semester.
Work continues for payload bay reconfiguration operations and payload pre-mate tests.
Work continues in all areas and the church takes on a new appearance with each passing day.
Work continues in an effort to achieve the most efficient designs possible.
Work continues in doing reference checks, reviewing the results of the vendor demos, etc.
Work continues in earnest with the trackage .
Work continues in progress.
Work continues in respect of records relating to areas other than Riga.
Work continues in that and several other zones.
Work continues in the area of curriculum and assessment.
Work continues in the area.
Work continues in the creation of three ponds for the preservation of the red-legged frog.
Work continues in the distributed systems area.
Work continues in the hospital and other medical areas.
Work continues in the orbiter's midbody to repair a frayed pyrotechnic cable.
Work continues in the sub-basement on the boiler and piping for the heating and cooling system.
Work continues in the trench drain.
Work continues in the unheated church throughout the winter months.
Work continues in the United States as well as in other countries.
Work continues in the upstairs classrooms.
Work continues in understanding the process in detail and improving performance.
Work continues independently through the semester.
Work continues into the evening.
Work continues next week.
Work continues of the software developme nt.
Work continues on a detailed list of all operations activities to support commissioning.
Work continues on a draft comprehensive conservation plan.
Work continues on a larger pour as they float the cement.
Work continues on a new draft.
Work continues on a new gas station, which replaces the one and only station that closed last fall.
Work continues on a new web page.
Work continues on additional testing scenarios.
Work continues on administrative and committee review.
Work continues on agreement on a set of common data definitions.
Work continues on all of the recommendations to make Calgary a safer place to live.
Work continues on all recommendations.
Work continues on an anti-racial profiling ordinance.
Work continues on an e-mail distribution list.
Work continues on an improved, final version.
Work continues on an updated data entry tool to facilitate submission of trials to the site.
Work continues on analyzing and quantifying information from the dive videotapes.
Work continues on as usual.
Work continues on aspects of longer time scale problems as well.
Work continues on aspects of the lake and lithic environments of the crater.
Work continues on better and faster algorithms.
Work continues on both schools' auditoriums, libraries and commons areas.
Work continues on both the electronic prototype and the ground-based courier plans.
Work continues on both the thermal and electronic sensing system.
Work continues on both.
Work continues on building an excellent, working vocabulary.
Work continues on building electronic resources and training and supporting staff.
Work continues on building necessary interfaces and problem solving.
Work continues on canceling duplicate film subscriptions.
Work continues on cleaning up and converting old pages to the new look.
Work continues on clearing brush from around the mounds and establishing remaining park facilities.
Work continues on collection.
Work continues on columns and slab floors on first and second floors.
Work continues on committee and administrator evaluations.
Work continues on compilation of the statewide vocational rehabilitation counselor survey results.
Work continues on compromise legislation.
Work continues on concession area of fields.
Work continues on confirming the identity of the actual shooter.
Work continues on construction of spill containment for all hydraulic oil reservoirs.
Work continues on conversion design and functional review.
Work continues on data accuracy issues.
Work continues on developing a cooperative purchasing plan.
Work continues on developing a unified approach for addressing traffic issues in our neighborhood.
Work continues on developing the system of data collection for the state trauma registry.
Work continues on diabetes and obesity and on orphan nuclear receptors.
Work continues on enhancements, documentation, and training.
Work continues on enhancing simulation to include actual operational data.
Work continues on evaluation of vendor maintenance procedures.
Work continues on evangelization and outreach to seniors.
Work continues on finish items within the four buildings.
Work continues on framing the second story apartments, only one more unit to go.
Work continues on future meetings.
Work continues on general education assessment.
Work continues on highly disordered structures such as thin amorphous films and complex fluids.
Work continues on improving affordable housing.
Work continues on improving the collection in relevant foreign language material.
Work continues on improving the habitat here and there are plans for further expansion.
Work continues on improving the primary and secondary pages of the Gateway.
Work continues on increasing the lifetime.
Work continues on installation of columns for the new bridge.
Work continues on installation of dugout railing and bench supports.
Work continues on investigating homosexual murder, elderly victim homicide and male rape.
Work continues on items still to be added to the list.
Work continues on learning performance targets and student portfolios.
Work continues on lighting and sheet-rock finishing.
Work continues on long-term projects.
Work continues on main buildings .
Work continues on masers in star-forming regions.
Work continues on menus.
Work continues on new parking structure.
Work continues on new, performance-based regulations to prevent pollution.
Work continues on optimization for long wavelengths.
Work continues on other add-on modules and features.
Work continues on other projects around the shop also.
Work continues on our club observatory .
Work continues on our expansion projects.
Work continues on our newest display bed.
Work continues on our sewer cleaning program.
Work continues on parking and on the constitution.
Work continues on portability testing, documentation, and calibration.
Work continues on position classes , positions and tables.
Work continues on preparing the southern machine to handle the financial and HR applications.
Work continues on re-doing the record label pages, many revisions include new illustrations.
Work continues on refinements and the addition of new material.
Work continues on regular basis.
Work continues on relating grass morphology to plant growth, quality, and management.
Work continues on removing hazardous chemicals from the facility.
Work continues on renovations to the older part of the building.
Work continues on republishing the Madison dive book.
Work continues on requirements for next generation forms and document profiles.
Work continues on re-slating the roof and repairing the windows.
Work continues on revamping the state's assessments for measuring student achievement.
Work continues on revising the site.
Work continues on revising the standards.
Work continues on rule writing.
Work continues on schedule.
Work continues on seeking black spot resistance in peas.
Work continues on shadow accounting system.
Work continues on significant expansion of it.
Work continues on sinks, toilets, and plumbing in restrooms.
Work continues on solutions for the control of purple loosestrife and other invasive plants.
Work continues on some of the interior insulation and drywall installation.
Work continues on soybean oil, protein and carbohydrate profile modification.
Work continues on student directory issues.
Work continues on substituting vegetable proteins for animal proteins in the salmon diet.
Work continues on the amendment of the contract.
Work continues on the animated Captain America cartoon.
Work continues on the array.
Work continues on the bathrooms, tiling, touch up painting, caulking leaks, etc., etc.
Work continues on the bridge floor system.
Work continues on the circulation desk.
Work continues on the common model format.
Work continues on the computer networking of faculty offices.
Work continues on the Conformance Test Suite.
Work continues on the control system.
Work continues on the Copper Hill property.
Work continues on the core of the building and the structural steel portion.
Work continues on the creation of a statewide access management plan.
Work continues on the descriptions of the fish and on understanding their relationships and ecology.
Work continues on the design and planning for the launch of the Brand.
Work continues on the designs for the new outdoor pavilion.
Work continues on the development of a statewide model for gathering and reporting faculty workload.
Work continues on the development of methods for phase improvement by density modification.
Work continues on the development of predictive models.
Work continues on the development of standards in social science and the arts.
Work continues on the development of the tourism development workshop.
Work continues on the editing of a number of the second and third level pages.
Work continues on the electrical and cryogenic systems on the hadron arm.
Work continues on the email reflector.
Work continues on the encoder installation.
Work continues on the engine, which is still in the park at Independence, California.
Work continues on the entire system.
Work continues on the exact time, guest list, flyers, etc.
Work continues on the exterior block walls.
Work continues on the exterior of the building.
Work continues on the farm house septic tank.
Work continues on the feedback loops and raising the beam current.
Work continues on the final phases of the project.
Work continues on the food services merger.
Work continues on the footprint of the new facility.
Work continues on the grounds and other buildings of the station.
Work continues on the grouting of the riprap in the basin.
Work continues on the gym floor renovations.
Work continues on the heads-up display unit in the crew module.
Work continues on the intellectual property rights issue.
Work continues on the interior as well as half of the floors in the existing facility.
Work continues on the interior finishes.
Work continues on the interior, wing and landscape.
Work continues on the job description binders for the library.
Work continues on the kiosk environment.
Work continues on the lab problem reporting database.
Work continues on the lab trouble reporting and data gathering system.
Work continues on the landscaping around the property.
Work continues on the landscaping.
Work continues on the language for the overlying zoning ordinances.
Work continues on the layout of more trails and the design of a trail map brochure.
Work continues on the marquis.
Work continues on the medieval tenements outside the southern boundary of the cemetery.
Work continues on the new corporate board room.
Work continues on the new guider detector.
Work continues on the new Zebra album in New York.
Work continues on the next volumes.
Work continues on the nighttime version.
Work continues on the northwest corner.
Work continues on the on-line edition of the Interchange .
Work continues on the orbiter's right-hand external tank door.
Work continues on the plan for dance floor improvements.
Work continues on the platform shelter enclosures.
Work continues on the project specifications.
Work continues on the project, and the bill is gaining support.
Work continues on the project, focusing on group dynamics and assessment.
Work continues on the project.
Work continues on the remaining collections.
Work continues on the remaining pages to complete the bi-lingual conversion.
Work continues on the remaining systems and processes, both internal and external.
Work continues on the removal of the old exhibit hall roof and the west flat roof.
Work continues on the repair of numerous bugs.
Work continues on the rest of the loco, including the fitting of new battery boxes, made in-house.
Work continues on the rest to increase reliability.
Work continues on the restrooms where fixtures are still being installed and plumbing finished.
Work continues on the revision to the printing manual.
Work continues on the search for duplicate vendors.
Work continues on the second floor.
Work continues on the second level of the north end.
Work continues on the solid-state lithium battery.
Work continues on the south and west walls.
Work continues on the south side.
Work continues on the super heater elements.
Work continues on the three new buildings at the east end of the market.
Work continues on the transfer of assets and building a board of directors.
Work continues on the translation and production of course materials in Spanish.
Work continues on the tunnel to connect the basements.
Work continues on the turf wickets.
Work continues on the Uniform Accountancy Act.
Work continues on the use of bio-control fungi and integrated control systems.
Work continues on the valuation and analysis of real property and equity investments.
Work continues on the West Addition, with masonry walls being constructed in several locations.
Work continues on the Workforce Investment Act Performance Accountability System.
Work continues on travel trailer sites in Grand Forks.
Work continues on updating pages for better accessibility and faster loading.
Work continues on updating the browser and email support sections.
Work continues on ways to improve the performance.
Work continues on where to find additional funds for the jail.
Work continues outside.
Work continues over the next several months getting basic site together.
Work continues pre-entry programs.
Work continues reinforcing levees and taking other precautionary measures.
Work continues slowly of the chapter about bellows.
Work continues the programme of corridor management plans for major arterial routes.
Work continues to add more and more resources in subsequent versions of the product.
Work continues to automate the daily loads as well as the weekly and census snapshots.
Work continues to be busy, with new court cases on a daily basis.
Work continues to be challenging and interesting.
Work continues to be done as long as the force is still being exerted on the object.
Work continues to be fascinating.
Work continues to be interesting but stressful.
Work continues to begin the process of data collection for the state trauma registry.
Work continues to clear ice and packed snow from subdivision streets.
Work continues to clear the silt that's built up over the years on the canal.
Work continues to close out the orbiter's payload bay.
Work continues to complete the other years.
Work continues to complete the repairs and upgrades to the stationhouse.
Work continues to correct a contaminated well in another area of the Rockies west of Denver.
Work continues to determine and measure the factors responsible for the varying emission levels.
Work continues to develop a plan to excavate the damaged section of the pipe.
Work continues to develop the new selection criteria for economic stream immigrants.
Work continues to enhance the fluorescence as well as re-insertion of newer brighter fluorochromes.
Work continues to ensure the stability of the system.
Work continues to extend or supplement WebDAV functionality in several areas.
Work continues to find more such events and eliminate the possibility of errors.
Work continues to fine-tune the engine.
Work continues to get agreements in place and establish finance teams.
Work continues to go well.
Work continues to hum along.
Work continues to identify all children and adults who are missing members of their family.
Work continues to identify redundant committee.
Work continues to identify the specific amino acid residue that is phosphorylated.
Work continues to improve processing capabilities and for full resolution data.
Work continues to improve the yield of our processes and to produce more complex devices.
Work continues to install the main engine heat shields.
Work continues to locate the source or sources of the problem.
Work continues to make full sets of forms available in all professions.
Work continues to make strides at both campuses.
Work continues to maximize the number to be powered up simultaneously.
Work continues to push back in time.
Work continues to reduce the radiation exposure levels.
Work continues to reflect code translations at a column level.
Work continues to rehabilitate the barn for animals and storage.
Work continues to remain current.
Work continues to remove the floats and running gear from the paddle wheel.
Work continues to remove the right hand orbital maneuvering system pod.
Work continues to select the best combination of heating systems for the products being produced.
Work continues to simplify the procedure so that it can be used in less sophisticated laboratories.
Work continues to smooth out difficulties with the system.
Work continues to strengthen various aspects of the act.
Work continues to upgrade and modernize the old sound system.
Work continues today on further reductions.
Work continues today to remove at least three additional tanks and contaminated soil.
Work continues toward a better understanding of depressive illness.
Work continues toward improving performance and identifying issues requiring more study.
Work continues toward providing our quality product to the rest of the nation.
Work continues towards a revision of the section.
Work continues towards publication of previously completed projects.
Work continues until dark, when the class eats dinner.
Work continues until death.
Work continues until the aeroplane is ready.
Work continues well into the Albuquerque sunset.
Work continues with a number of enhancements and changes.
Work continues with approximately fifty percent of the interior round concrete walls completed.
Work continues with AQMD staff to formulate funding proposals for Congressional support.
Work continues with both the northbound and southbound lanes.
Work continues with renewed vigor on the final WHO bluebook.
Work continues with the experimental introduction of cranes into Florida.
Work continues with the process of gaining sponsorship support for our events.
Work continues with the recent addition of solar panels and a substainable landscaping project.
Work continues with the student data conversion team.
Work continues, however.
Work continues, though the group changes.
Work contributes to life, helps a shape a life.
Work contributes to the good of all.
Work corresponds to debt.
Work cover up one side of the boat and over the top.
Work covers current political trends and political party analysis.
Work cows back up to full grain levels slowly to minimize digestive upsets.
Work created before that has different rules.
Work cross functionally with marketing and engineering in the course of deal execution.
Work cross functionally within the organization to recommend workable solutions.
Work curls once per week when time allows.
Work currently continues on the integration of laser and optical systems designed for use in space.
Work currently focuses on the Great Lakes region of the United States.
Work dc across with dc in top of starting ch at end.
Work declines in importance and friends die, but the family remains.
Work definately interferes with leisure time.
Work deli front.
Work demands cooperation, decision making, and trust.
Work demands more and encourages less.
Work demands more and more of our time and energy.
Work depends on availability of specialists.
Work described in the study is the subject of issued and pending patents.
Work describes the conversion of energy from one form into another.
Work deserves enthusiasm.
Work develops a host of accompanying virtues, like steadfastness and self-respect.
Work Do the lab .
Work does continue, however.
Work does extend to other occupational health and safety areas.
Work does go slowly but steadily forward towards publication.
Work does occasionally go missing in schools.
Work does save when all other things are in their rightful place.
Work done against a force produces an increase in potential energy .
Work done alone is best.
Work done as prayer is the best means of effecting an ascent in consciousness.
Work done beyond adaptive work is counter-productive and negates the benefits of useful training.
Work done by junior researchers gives rise to problems.
Work done by machines and tools is typically more uniform than that done by hand.
Work done by other students or work done previously for other classes is unacceptable.
Work done by staff as part of their normal duties is considered to be work for hire.
Work done by students is under supervision of reading specialist.
Work done by such individuals is often shoddy and expensive.
Work done by such individuals is usually shoddy and expensive.
Work done by volunteers includes general maintenance, construction, and office work.
Work done during breaks is considered part of a student's financial aid award.
Work done for a previous course is unacceptable.
Work done for faculty members is paid for out of their grants.
Work done here is also basic to the other subfields of topology in computer science.
Work done in a slack manner is as good as a piece of work which is later destroyed.
Work done in class and in the writer's log is to be written legibly in blue or black pen.
Work done in connection with cotton ginning is agricultural labor.
Work done in the examination room shapes the exploration that takes place in the laboratory.
Work done in the field of aLife is largely philosophical.
Work done in the home needs some sensible form of recognition in the national accounts.
Work done is based on their evaluation.
Work done is force times parallel component of displacement.
Work done is the line-integral of the force along a given path.
Work done is the same as energy transferred.
Work done is usually the equivalent of two or three full courses.
Work done on a dig site can be at times painstakingly slow.
Work done on legal holidays is paid overtime.
Work done on the training ground has a big impact on what happens out on the pitch.
Work done on the training ground now has a much bigger impact on what happens out on the pitch.
Work done under the supervision of an instructor is ineligible.
Work done with new technology, however, never ceases being a work in progress.
Work done without a permit is considered illegal and substandard.
Work done without permits is usually easy to spot.
Work drill both sides sfor each player in first workout.
Work Edited works about an industry or job.
Work emphasizes both fundamental physical understanding and exploration of fascinating new devices.
Work emphasizes explaining violations and achieving voluntary correction.
Work emphasizes quality, meeting deadlines and budgets.
Work emphasizes statistically-relevant laboratory, factory and field testing.
Work enables service.
Work encompasses environmental health criteria on different aspects of non-ionizing radiation.
Work encompasses the supervision of a staff and the basic functions of a library.
Work encompasses verifying and correcting isometric drawings.
Work ends up being a defining characteristic for self-worth.
Work ends with dies.
Work engages people's self-interests in a wide variety of contexts.
Work entails collaboration between school of education faculty and public school teachers.
Work entails considerable heavy lifting.
Work entails constant deadlines for completion, varying shift assignments and occasional overtime.
Work entails preparing the buildings and grounds for winter.
Work entails some field work and periodic calls for emergencies during non-scheduled work hours.
Work equals negative change in the potential energy.
Work equals the force times distance.
Work essays very good.
Work evolves, it is an open field of experiment.
Work executed is in accordance with payment received.
Work exercises body or mind.
Work exercises in interpretation of prints.
Work exercises using chemical thermodynamic state functions.
Work exhibits a high degree of thouroughness, accuracy, and timeliness.
Work expands to fill the afternoon and evening hours.
Work expands to fill the time available.
Work expands to fill the worker's capacity for it.
Work expands to meet the capabilities of the technology.
Work expands to meet the time allotted.
Work extends into following week.
Work facilitates completion of projects and work processes.
Work falls victim to fatigue.
Work feels like play.
Work feels more like play.
Work fills the hole.
Work fits in here somewhere.
Work flows around the world in a day.
Work focuses on energy conservation and restoration ecology.
Work focuses on environmental controls of algal production.
Work focuses on Pictish stones, stone circles, medieval ruins and landscapes.
Work focuses on the successful accomplishment of the mission.
Work focuses on visual formalisms, based on topological and geometric constructs.
Work focusses on programming, HTML authoring, and the production of graphics and video.
Work follows a science-based process and there is much to learn about seeds.
Work follows well established procedures, but good judgment is required.
Work forges other personal links than leisure the day is cleanly divided and the soul too.
Work forms an integral part of our lives.
Work fulfills many needs.
Work further includes assessing area needs, program planning and goal setting.
Work generally follows established library routines and policies, but use of judgment is required.
Work generally includes the maintenance of related records and supplies.
Work generally involves significant manual labor.
Work generally is reviewed only for results achieved.
Work generated by students using technology are visible to the broader community.
Work generates heat and the body reacts accordingly.
Work generates the quality of life in a society still defined by class.
Work gets in the way of pleasure.
Work gets in the way.
Work gives meaning to baby boomers' lives.
Work gives more than just income.
Work gives structure to our days, something to do, and money to pay our way.
Work gives the retired volunteer a sense of commitment, and is very positive for health.
Work goes faster when well coordinated workers can report status, ask for tools, etc.
Work goes on along other parts of the bridge.
Work goes on and discussion goes on.
Work goes on apace on the vitally important programme for government.
Work goes on day and night, weekdays and weekends, to finish it by the deadline.
Work goes on in spite of it.
Work goes on in the docks of a busy port.
Work goes on into the night.
Work goes on to stabilize the sarcophagus, believed to contain tons of radioactive waste.
Work goes on.
Work goes out in a completely professional manner.
Work goes quickly.
Work goes well.
Work grinds to a halt on the water project, as few villagers are prioritising the work.
Work grinds to a halt.
Work Groupswould have to be planned in advance of that date.
Work grows unfulfilling, or careers are jerked around by distant corporate interests.
Work grows with the challenges.
Work happens to take place.
Work happens when a force acts on a body along a distance.
Work happens when a force moves or changes the shape of an object.
Work happens, and that is a wonderful thing.
Work has a moderate impact on ferry boat operations.
Work has a new domain.
Work has a symbolic dimension and engagement in it implies much more than can be captured in words.
Work has a variety of deadlines.
Work has a very special meaning to a physicist.
Work has already begun on our schedule for next year so please keep checking the site for updates.
Work has an enormous impact on our basic identity.
Work has applications to cancer, immunology, and rheumatic disease.
Work has become a replacement for family, co-workers the new siblings, bosses the new parents.
Work has become play, it is central to our lives.
Work has bitter r oot but sweet f r uit.
Work has both a formal modeling and analysis side, as well as an engineering side.
Work has considerable danger.
Work has just begun, so check back often for any updates.
Work has many intrinsic rewards.
Work has minor errors or omissions that detract from the overall quality.
Work has minor impact on laboratory functions.
Work has moderate impact on marine life, the environment, and public health.
Work has moderate impact on the quality of health care and well being of inmates.
Work has moral importance.
Work has more meaning to most people than just as a means of subsistence.
Work has no creative value.
Work has nothing to do with it.
Work has political and humanistic overtones.
Work has serious impact on the safe and controlled use of wildlife resources.
Work has significant impact on physicians findings.
Work has started, actions are underway and camps have been established.
Work has to be done - real work.
Work has to be done and sacrifices to be made.
Work has to be done.
Work has to be entertaining for employees.
Work has to be on an environmental issue.
Work has to be suspended and recommended at another site.
Work has to be within student's area of study.
Work has to begin immediately.
Work has to begin somewhere.
Work has to come first.
Work has to make a life.
Work has value.
Work has yet to begin.
Work Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Work helps build self-confidence, friendship, independence, creativity, trust and empowerment.
Work helps build self-confidence, friendship, independence, creativity, trust, and empowerment.
Work helps build self-confidence, friendship, independence, creativity, trust, empowerment.
Work helps build self-confidence, independence and dignity.
Work here can be hectic sometimes.
Work here continues.
Work here includes a theoretical investigation of the device.
Work here includes charts, diagrams, etc. which are used to explain the work.
Work here involves a mix of combinatorial algorithms and electrical circuit verification algorithms.
Work here is as physicists define it i.e force multiplied by distance.
Work here is boring as ever.
Work here is hard.
Work here is linked also to the development of the information infrastructure.
Work homeworks individually, then discuss in groups.
Work however is coming along, it is just a big job to over take.
Work immediately begins once the proposal is approved.
Work impacts the accuracy and reliability of other processes and services.
Work implies drudgery.
Work implies production and completion.
Work includes a below grade garage and associated grading.
Work includes a major interior remodeling of the circulation area.
Work includes a new bridge, earthwork, asphalt paving, guardrail, signing, illumination and fencing.
Work includes a paragraph on the back describing any discoveries.
Work includes a review of the current research on effective stress analysis.
Work includes acting in acquisitions and disposals, joint ventures and financing arrangements.
Work includes actual production assignments and paper design projects.
Work includes adding new traffic lights and turn lanes to the on-ramps.
Work includes advanced spelling checker software providing teaching aids.
Work includes all imaging modalities, and mammograms, no angiography.
Work includes analysis and design of structures sesimic rehabiliation, non-structural elements, etc.
Work includes analysis and developmental physical skills.
Work includes analysis of water quality issues and public opinion on environmental issues.
Work includes answering phones, duplicating, collating, and assisting as the receptionist.
Work includes any factory updates.
Work includes approx.
Work includes apron lighting, security improvements and enlargement of the passenger waiting area.
Work includes Architectural photography to fashion shoots.
Work includes asphalt grinding, paving, storm drain improvements, and traffic signal improvements.
Work includes assembling data and preparing summary trends.
Work includes assisting in research and fact-finding to develop or modify a data processing system.
Work includes assisting in the development of electrical construction codes.
Work includes basic maintenance and installation of a new kiosk.
Work includes both laboratory and field studies.
Work includes both pre-planned speaking styles and extemporaneous speaking styles.
Work includes both pre-planned speaking styles and extermporaneous speaking styles.
Work includes building strong relationships with internal groups and customers.
Work includes business planning, marketing, press relations, government relations and televised ads.
Work includes ceramics, glassworks, sculpture, folk art, paintings, drawings and prints.
Work includes circuit and system level design, prototyping and implementation for mass production.
Work includes classroom assignments and news stories researched in the community.
Work includes cleaning cabins and main lodge.
Work includes cleaning cabins and waiting tables in the dining room.
Work includes cleaning cabins, main lodge, restroom, grocery store, vacuuming boats, and laundry.
Work includes cleaning gear, packing, transporting, cooking, housekeeping, and washing canoes.
Work includes collaboration with Japanese engineers and scientists.
Work includes collagraph, monoprinting, linoleum printing, etching and engraving.
Work includes concert, film and theatre music.
Work includes conducting surveys of street conditions within their assigned geographical area.
Work includes conservation , microfilming and catalogue .
Work includes console build, panel layout, wiring, programming, testing, and final integration.
Work includes constant deadline pressure and related stress.
Work includes constructing a four-lane divided highway and many safety improvements.
Work includes construction and repair fo schools, clinics, roads, houses, and irrigation systems.
Work includes construction and repair of schools, clinics, roads, houses and irrigation systems.
Work includes construction of four ramps and two new bridges.
Work includes converting the stables into living quarters and gardening.
Work includes coordinating, scheduling and setting work priorities for mobile repair services.
Work includes critical reading and design of an original research project.
Work includes culvert removal and installation, placing crushed aggregate, and placing riprap.
Work includes cutting parent stock and finished work.
Work includes cutting, binding, shaping, soldering and welding sheet metal.
Work includes daily cleaning and maintenance of both structures of facility.
Work includes data recording and equipment maintenance.
Work includes demonstration ritual and a group ritual.
Work includes design responsibilities within a project team.
Work includes determining policy and providing technical supervision for professional personnel.
Work includes developing and applying bioinformatic tools.
Work includes development of experimental microparticulate diets and culturing of cod.
Work includes development of project plans, and comprehensive planning programs.
Work includes development of repair bid documents.
Work includes different techniques sometimes carved and weaved with raffia.
Work includes document productions, trial prep. and discovery.
Work includes domestic and commercial conveyancing and some probate.
Work includes drill in fundamentals of grammar.
Work includes dynamic psychotherapy with individuals, groups and families and diagnostic skills.
Work includes educational, religious and master planning.
Work includes electrical, flooring, plumbing, painting and general repairs.
Work includes electronic imagesetting and film processor operation.
Work includes electronic imagesetting and operating a film processor.
Work includes equipment operation, skilled and manual labor.
Work includes erosion control, scrub clearance, stone wall repair, etc.
Work includes evenings and weekends.
Work includes exam and text scanning, and contact with the public.
Work includes excavation, embankment compaction, drainage, surfacing, guardrail and asphalt paving.
Work includes expanding, milling and resurfacing the plazas travel lanes and parking areas.
Work includes exploratory micromachined acoustic resonator.
Work includes extended periods of time viewing a computer video monitor and operating a keyboard.
Work includes extensive field data collection, analysis, and publication.
Work includes exterior restoration, site improvements, and preliminary interior rehabilitation.
Work includes fabricated structural iron for general contractors and wrought iron fencing.
Work includes fashion, advertising, portraiture, still life, and landscape.
Work includes feeding, handling horses for turnout, and cleaning stalls.
Work includes fiction, photography, films, and political and cultural investigations.
Work includes filling cracks, repairing surface areas, sealing the pavement and restriping.
Work includes financial reporting, reserving and cash flow testing.
Work includes food service, upgrade housing facilities, and so on.
Work includes food service, upgrade housing facilities, etc.
Work includes gardening, farmwork, cooking etc.
Work includes general construction, heavy construction and environmental.
Work includes general maintenance and routine carpentry maintenance and repair.
Work includes grading, paving and drainage improvements.
Work includes grading, paving and installing pavement marking signs.
Work includes grading, paving, and installing pavement marking signs.
Work includes graveling, ditching, grading, dust control, and surface treatments.
Work includes growth, lactation, reproduction, movement and feed digestion.
Work includes hands-on testing, measuring and supervision at customer plant sites.
Work includes hauling and stacking vegetation and some tree cutting with hand tools.
Work includes heating the pool, new slides and a bath house.
Work includes heavy lifting and the ability to work from ladders.
Work includes historical images, bibliography, and an index for intermediate readers.
Work includes home repair and other projects.
Work includes individual critiques, collective translations and a final independent project.
Work includes individual work with teachers, group work and performance groups.
Work includes inpatient and outpatient medicine, as well as some long-term care.
Work includes installing a traffic signal system, roadway lighting, pavement markings and signing.
Work includes installing insulation, weather- stripping, caulking, repairing windows and door, etc.
Work includes intensive practice in listening, reading, and speaking.
Work includes interviews, and literature and census searches.
Work includes irrigated lawn, planting, and drainage.
Work includes keeping meter records according to established procedures.
Work includes lake and stream habitat and fish population assessments and sport fisheries surveys.
Work includes learning about vacuum systems, cryogenics, and radio receiver technology.
Work includes legal research and drafting documents.
Work includes liaising with clients and making presentations on behalf of the agency.
Work includes light construction.
Work includes magazines, cookbooks, film, and commercials.
Work includes maintaining basic records and periodically requires some strenuous manual activity.
Work includes many theatrical films, documentaries, and TV dramatic films.
Work includes minimal pool maintenance.
Work includes miscellaneous structural, electrical and mechanical repairs and ship alterations.
Work includes modeling efforts and in situ experimentation.
Work includes moderate to heavy lifting.
Work includes monitoring, performance analysis, and comfort evaluation of the systems.
Work includes most components of a cassette tape recorder.
Work includes most elements required and is meaningful.
Work includes mowing, trimming, painting etc.
Work includes much religious art and miniature work.
Work includes new counters, carpeting, painting and furniture.
Work includes new electrical and mechanical systems, a new roof, and other architectural upgrades.
Work includes normal office responsibilities as well as outdoors in-field supervision and duties.
Work includes oils, watercolor, pencil, charcoal, and pottery.
Work includes on-scene evidentiary searches at major or difficult crime scenes and autopsies.
Work includes on-scene evidentiary searches at major or difficult crime scenes.
Work includes original music for film, chamber, vocal, and symphonic music.
Work includes overall report on assignment activities.
Work includes overseeing legal and contractual assistance activities as well as consultant services.
Work includes painting, drawings,sculpture, printmaking, textiles, photography and collage.
Work includes participation as a member of the interdisciplinary team.
Work includes paving of campground roads, parking lots, and camping spurs in two campgrounds.
Work includes payroll, assigning seats, auditing and the daily operation of the office.
Work includes performing mechanical repairs on heavy duty equipment.
Work includes picking up trash, raking, even planting flowers.
Work includes piloting a state-owned airplane.
Work includes pipefitting, machining and fixing electronic equipment on the destroyers and frigates.
Work includes plant propagation, plant pathology, molecular sequencing, microscopy and photography.
Work includes plumbing, carpentry, chain link fencing, concrete sidewalks and roadwork.
Work includes preparing pleadings and briefs, discovery and motion practice, trials and appeals.
Work includes professional video duplication, laminating, and simple graphic production.
Work includes project proposal planning, completion, documentation and presentation.
Work includes project proposal, planning, completion, documentation and presentation.
Work includes project proposal, planning, completion, documentation, and presentation.
Work includes project work.
Work includes promoting interest in the program both within the organization and in the community.
Work includes providing consultive services to local jurisdictions.
Work includes providing for the safety and comfort of passengers.
Work includes reading and listening assignments.
Work includes reading or study and manual work.
Work includes readings and participation in class discussions, design exercises, and a term project.
Work includes rebuilding streets and sidewalks on Texas, Oregon and Mills.
Work includes rebuilding switchback, placing signposts, cutting brush and drainage maintenance.
Work includes receptionist, filing, record keeping, and computer work.
Work includes reconditioning engines or servicing parts and systems.
Work includes reconstructing and resurfacing the road and trimming the trees along the road.
Work includes recruiting, hiring, training and evaluating site curators.
Work includes regular oral presentations and a paper reviewing a topic of interest.
Work includes regular reading and listening assignments.
Work includes rehearsing and performing a play for public presentation.
Work includes reinforcing a broken pile with concrete above and below the water.
Work includes related typing, filing, and clerical tasks.
Work includes removing and cleaning calcium-stained stonework while the steel framing is repaired.
Work includes removing the existing tunnel liner, removing unstable rock and installing a new liner.
Work includes repairing spalled and cracked concrete.
Work includes repairing the deck spall and asphalt pavement.
Work includes replacing the deck and waterproofing the surface.
Work includes rerouting electrical and plumbing to accommodate bracing.
Work includes responsibility for planning interrelated activities.
Work includes resurfacing and installing loop detectors, guardrails, pavement markings and signing.
Work includes resurfacing existing pavement and installing pavement markings and signs.
Work includes reviewing, planning and implementing program policies, procedures and guidelines.
Work includes robot hardware and software development, and a dedicated database for future analysis.
Work includes rough carpentry, finish carpentry, concrete form work and finishing.
Work includes selling, processing and distribution of all season passes purchased.
Work includes separating, cleaning and rebuilding sewer pipes, plus capping some contaminated areas.
Work includes serving customers, selling park passes, campground patrol, and maintenance.
Work includes setting goals and objectives, scheduling, evaluation of work, and budget preparation.
Work includes signal design and advanced modulation and adaptive equalization techniques.
Work includes signals with drop bars, and street lighting.
Work includes signing and striping and installation of new concrete panels for railroad.
Work includes snow removal.
Work includes softening some of the tight curves so that large vehicles can use it.
Work includes spreadsheet creation, analyses, and dissemination .
Work includes stage movement, script work, improvisation, musical theater, mime.
Work includes standing, labeling, inserting and lifting mail sacks.
Work includes static, modal, and transient dynamic analysis of electrical equipment and structure.
Work includes strengthening trade and identifying the consequences of changes in trade restrictions.
Work includes studies on reduction reaction, slag foaming, and process modeling.
Work includes studies on transplant regulation, integrins, cell cycle phenotype and gene expression.
Work includes study design, implementation, and evaluation.
Work includes subject and author access.
Work includes supervising and coordinating the work of others and purchasing materials and supplies.
Work includes supervising staff who assist in conducting field investigations.
Work includes supervising the activities of all regularly assigned computer operations personnel.
Work includes supervision of lower level analysts.
Work includes supplying drugs, medicines and medical supplies.
Work includes synchronization, media transport, admissions control and real-time kernel support.
Work includes telephone and field sales and consultation.
Work includes textiles, furniture, fashion and industrial design.
Work includes the analysis of information from written reports and correspondence.
Work includes the basement, fourth floor and limited building core areas on all floors.
Work includes the design, coding, testing, and debugging of data base programs.
Work includes the design, production and planning of a trials programme.
Work includes the installation of a complete counterweight rigging system and the house curtain.
Work includes the investigation of reports of self-neglect.
Work includes the operation of motorized equipment and the expenditure of heavy physical labor.
Work includes the performance of record keeping tasks.
Work includes the performance of routine and non-routine tasks following standardized practices.
Work includes the preparation and serving of meals in a soup kitchen and working in a thrift store.
Work includes the preparation of the annual budget.
Work includes the repair of the roof structural system and the replacement of the existing roof.
Work includes the study of alternative designs and manufacturing processes.
Work includes the use of the neutral and half mask, verbal improvisation, and scenes and monologues.
Work includes theoretical, laboratory and field measurements.
Work includes traffic modeling and impact analysis, parking analysis, and facility design.
Work includes trail opening and waterbar cleaning on approx.
Work includes tutoring, supervision and observation.
Work includes typesetting, data entry, filing, etc.
Work includes upgrading of the accommodation to two-berth to meet latest UK regulations.
Work includes various forms of paid employment, domestic labour and community volunteer activities.
Work includes waterbar clearing, brushing and blowdown removal.
Work includes watering, pruning and general maintenance.
Work includes watershed planning, conservation education, river bank restoration and stabilization.
Work includes weed pulling, trimming and planting.
Work includes weekends and evenings.
Work includes welding, stroker grinds and also true indexing of rod journals.
Work includes willow basket making, dried flowers, wreaths, etc.
Work includes wiring, conduit, service, power panels, interior and exterior lighting.
Work includes writing reports, op-eds, and fact sheets and overseeing a website .
Work includes, digital, travel, and tableaux.
Work includes, digital, travel, tableaux etc.
Work incorporates well-developed arguments and good application of class concepts.
Work increases a person's skills, confidence and opportunities.
Work increases the common good.
Work increases the energy of the object.
Work Indicates what type of work is done.
Work influences the operating condition and safety of vehicles and equipment.
Work inspires inspiration.
Work instantly joins the growing body of knowledge feeding the rapid evolution of global intellect.
Work interferes with politics.
Work intrudes on leisure and other private time.
Work involves a degree of danger.
Work involves a degree of hazard.
Work involves a variety of administrative, secretarial and support activities.
Work involves administering security and criminal investigations and activities.
Work involves all aspects of budget activities.
Work involves an element of personal danger.
Work involves analyzing samples under the microscope for asbestos content.
Work involves answering telephone and greeting visitors.
Work involves application of highest level management and leadership skills.
Work involves application of paints, varnishes, and caulking.
Work involves asbestos floor tile removal and installation of a wall.
Work involves assessing and determining individual client needs and developing client programs.
Work involves assisting and managing long-range planning projects.
Work involves assisting and relieving a supervisor of administrative details.
Work involves assisting in performing in-service training of staff.
Work involves assisting in the development of other staff in the area of family therapy.
Work involves assisting in the development of processes for milling and analyzing grain samples.
Work involves assisting in the planning and scheduling of maintenance work.
Work involves assisting in the preparation for and conduct of educational and training programs.
Work involves assisting in the technical support of the operations of a program.
Work involves assisting management in their presentations before legislative officials.
Work involves assisting patrons in locating and utilizing library resources.
Work involves assisting senior level management with program and policy development.
Work involves assisting the public and county personnel with property location inquiries.
Work involves automation of design.
Work involves being on-call by pager.
Work involves bending, stooping, twisting, carrying, kneeling, reaching and use of hands.
Work involves business and income tax accounts.
Work involves cash handling, credit card charges and receipt of bank checks.
Work involves close contact with potentially dangerous clients with criminal backgrounds.
Work involves collecting all tax types or debt obligations.
Work involves collecting and preparing fossil vertebrates for mounting or scientific study.
Work involves collecting, compiling, and analyzing data necessary for standard statistical reports.
Work involves communicating with a variety of people.
Work involves communicating with day care facility officials on matters of federal standards.
Work involves communicating with day care facility staff relating to state and federal standards.
Work involves compiling marketing information and data.
Work involves compiling, analyzing, and reporting statistical data for statistical reports.
Work involves completing construction of pathways and gym apparatus.
Work involves conducting high-volume, complex laboratory testing and research.
Work involves conducting shop meetings on safety, policies, or other topics.
Work involves confidential correspondence and communications.
Work involves considerable contact with the general public and other law enforcement agencies.
Work involves considerable interaction with families in crisis situations.
Work involves considerable judgment and discretion in meeting program objectives.
Work involves considerable mental demands including the concurrent review of many diverse projects.
Work involves considerable physical exertion, including heavy lifting.
Work involves considerable programmatic responsibility, judgment and discretion.
Work involves considerable public contact and requires tact and restraint.
Work involves considerable public contact in providing information and receiving inquiries.
Work involves considerable public contact often under difficult circumstances.
Work involves considerable public contact, often under difficult circumstances.
Work involves considerable walking and working outdoors in varied weather conditions.
Work involves constructing concrete side walls and installing a dragnet arresting system.
Work involves constructing trails, using heavy equipment and power tools.
Work involves consultative responsibilities related to the acquisition or disposition of land.
Work involves contact with the public, necessitating the ability to present a professional image.
Work involves contacting business establishments.
Work involves continuous standing, bending, and walking on concrete floors.
Work involves coordinating all activities of a state or district wide program.
Work involves coordinating and facilitating the acquisition of goods and services.
Work involves coordinating parole activities and providing assistance on special work problems.
Work involves coordinating the collection of tax revenues and the enforcement of tax laws.
Work involves coordinating the field activities of appraisers in a mass appraisal project.
Work involves coverage of all mail collection and distribution points on a regular schedule.
Work involves covering books, applying labels and stamping library materials.
Work involves customer service and a variety of clerical and front line duties.
Work involves data entry, developing forms for data entry, codebook revisions, etc.
Work involves data entry, maintaining filing systems, and general administrative support duties.
Work involves dealing with a variety of technical architectural problems and their resolution.
Work involves dealing with multiple departments to resolve technical issues.
Work involves decision making regarding complex collection situations or problems.
Work involves design, design review, and overseeing the construction of builidings and facilities.
Work involves designing and testing an impedance controller for the dexterous manipulators.
Work involves determining the market value of real estate targeted for proposed highway projects.
Work involves developing and carrying out a sales program.
Work involves developing and implementing training programs statewide or for state agency personnel.
Work involves developing and recommending procedures and rules to implement safety programs.
Work involves developing, managing, and evaluating contracts for the purchase of recipient services.
Work involves direct supervision of lower level employees.
Work involves directing a state-wide program of archeological research and conservation.
Work involves directing the work of an archives department.
Work involves discipline and skill.
Work involves disconnecting electrical services and removing all cables and tray.
Work involves discussions with parents, school officials and students.
Work involves drafting regulations, related guidance material, and economic evaluations.
