Extremism is a product of certainty engorged by hubris.
Extremism is a virtue in space efficient node packing.
Extremism is indeed alien to proper Islamic outlook.
Extremism is no exception.
Extremism takes many forms.
Extremism tends to remain as a natural human trait that takes one foolish form or another.
Extremism ultimately destroys.
Extremism wants to spread, when the race is really a marathon.
Extremism works for politicians - even the insignificant ones.
Extremist feeling is very strong in Russia.
Extremist groups advocate the use of force or intimidation or illegal activities to stop abortion.
Extremist groups are organizations that Espouse supremacist causes.
Extremist Groups try to stop abortion by using force, intimidation, or through illegal activities.
Extremist judges are only the tip of the iceberg.
Extremist politicians are evil.
Many extremist sites target the young.
Extremist violence is a grave threat to Palestinian society.
An extremist is a radical
Extremist sites the world over target younger individuals.
Extremists also dislike farmers because they are property owners.
Extremists are harmful to the process.
Extremists are radicals.
Extremists bent on stopping their opponents are rewarded with gridlock.
Extremists breed no logic.
Extremists can venture lazily forth, Edwardian style, in the two-seater pedallos on the lake.
Extremists command wide support in the streets.
Extremists commit acts of violence in the name of a higher cause.
Extremists do a lot of wishful and fearful thinking.
Extremists have ideologies.
Extremists heavily influence both parties.
Extremists really like the Leader to say things they can use for their own ends.
Extremists terrorise animal lab brokers.
Extremists threaten moderate political leaders.
Extremists trade time in jail to save animals' lives.
Extremists use weapons to kill other human beings.
Some extremists stir up religious passions to gain support for their own agendas.
Some extremists use bombs and fire arms.
An extremity is a body part
Extremities appear small in proportion to body size.
Extremities are adversity.
Extremities are all moveable.
Extremities are normal.
Extremities are part of limbs.
Extremities are regions.
Extremities are sensitive to cold caused by emotional stress.
Extremities are themselves targets, and vulnerable to being struck, locked, twisted, and fractured.
Extremities are warm, moist, without cyanosis or edema.
Extremities become floppy.
Extremities can die from lack of blood flow even though they don t actually freeze.
Extremities cause people to react, and that's when change happens.
Extremities feel cold and clammy.
Extremities have (part) corpi.
Extremities is an adult drama containing explicit language.
Extremities refer to the children's head, neck, arms, and legs.
Extremities show no edema.
Extremities show trophic changes, especially of the nails and Skin.
Extremities tend to be involved to a lesser degree.
Extremity ends up with regretful results.
Extremity is a breeding ground for contradictions.
Extremity is under reconstruction.
Extremity isa body part.
Extremity means hand, elbow, arm below the elbow, foot, knee, and leg below the knee.
Extremity means hand, elbow, arm below the elbow, foot, knee, or leg below the knee.
Extremities usually have flexion.
Any extremity becomes numb, pale or cold after injury.
Extremophilic organisms are bacteria that live under extreme environmental conditions.
Extrernal systems arise when investigating various optimization problems.
Extrication includes patient assessment, treatment and removal of the patient from vehicle.
Extrinsic asthma refers to a respiratory reaction to specific allergens in the environment.
Extrinsic compression is more likely to be a gradual process.
Extrinsic definition is from the point of view of associations.
Extrinsic evidence is admissible in determining the transferor's intent.
Extrinsic evidence is admissible, even though the contract has an integration clause.
Extrinsic evidence is only relevant where an ambiguity is found.
Extrinsic factors are external to the site or application.
Extrinsic factors are factors that originate outside the patient.
Extrinsic factors can involve certain occupational or dietary factors.
Extrinsic factors can result in negative feedback.
Extrinsic factors refine topographic organization into a detailed somatotopic map.
Extrinsic factors relate to the channel gradient and channel roughness.
Extrinsic fraud affects the court itself.
Extrinsic fraud is fraud
Extrinsic goodness is a kind of accidental or contingent property of a thing.
Extrinsic incentives are low.
Extrinsic information is information that exists outside of a packet.
Extrinsic mechanisms involve cell-cell communication.
Extrinsic motivation arises from external rewards and can be influenced through monetary rewards.
Extrinsic motivation can effect a child for life.
Extrinsic motivation comes from outside, money, and awards such as trophies or medals are extrinsic.
Extrinsic motivation has little to do in today s schools.
Extrinsic motivation involves engaging in activity for some external consequence.
Extrinsic motivation is associated with learning made to occur by forces outside the person.
Extrinsic motivation is based on concrete or overt rewards.
Extrinsic motivation is motivation too, but it is short-lived.
Extrinsic motivation is only one idea in a wide range of actions that produce student motivation.
Extrinsic motivation is responsive to rewards delivered by second parties.
Extrinsic motivation is the kind of motivation awards encourage.
Extrinsic motivation refers to motivation to engage in an activity as a means to an end.
Extrinsic motivations are rewards that come from outside our self.
Extrinsic motivators come from the outside.
Extrinsic muscles originate on the axial skeleton and insert on a girdle or limb.
Extrinsic muscles serve to move the tongue about in the oral cavity.
Extrinsic properties depend on the amount of the material.
Extrinsic reinforcement can destroy inner motivation.
Extrinsic reinforcement promotes extrinsic motivation rather than intrinsic motivation.
Extrinsic rewards are material benefits such as salary, benefits, and perceived social status.
Extrinsic rewards can be as varied as prizes, parties, travel awards, even cash.
Extrinsic rewards consist of pay raises, promotions, and other symbols of recognition.
Extrinsic rewards focus on external factors, such as money, toys or candy.
Extrinsic rewards reduce intrinsic interest.
Extrinsic rewards serve a useful purpose in schools.
Some extrinsic rewards are the work schedule, benefits, and time-off.
Extrinsic risk is most mutable and most amenable to nursing research and policy-based intervention.
Extrinsic success is like a candy bar.
Extrinsic values are partly factual, but intrinsic values are independent of facts.
Extrinsic variables are geometric variables such as eclipsing binary systems, and rotating stars.
Extroardinary skill can overcome many sins.
Extropersonal relationships focus on things, or on people as things.
Extropian lawyers stay on the cutting edge of technology in the practice of law.
Extroversion can be a powerful source of renewed optimism.
Extroversion is marked by pronounced engagement with the external world.
Extroversion is sociability
An extrovert is a person
Extroverts are confident, outgoing and seek as much stimulation in as many ways as possible.
Extroverts are gregarious, socially active, and sensation seeking.
Extroverts are more comfortable thinking out loud.
Extroverts are people.
Extroverts are the complete opposite.
Extroverts are the type of people who are outgoing and loud.
Extroverts can pretty easily find their way into our community.
Extroverts do better in high-density communities than do introverts.
Extroverts enjoy being with people, are full of energy, and often experience positive emotions.
Extroverts ESTP Good at on the spot problem solving.
Extroverts generally derive energy from others, while introverts do so from within.
Extroverts have more fun.
Extroverts love parties, especially when they can talk with everyone present.
Extroverts marry introverts.
Extroverts prefer sports like football and rugby because they involve team work and hard work.
Extroverts tend to dominate and persuade.
Extroverts tend to feel comfortable in social situations and tend to be gregarious.
Extroverts think out loud.
Extroverts thrive in a service company, particularly in the marketing and technical support roles.
Extroverts work more outside in and introverts work more inside out.
More extroverted expression is needed.
Extroverted managers are assertive, integrative and collaborative in resolving conflicts.
Extroverted managers believe in an assertive, active and sociable manner.
Extroverted people derive their energy from talking and being with other people.
Extroverted personalities think best in the midst of action.
Extroverted thinkers love to organize others.
Extruded acrylic does have an advantage in edge clarity when laser cut.
Extruded acrylic is forced through a mold.
Extruded acrylic shrinks one way and can expand the other.
Extruded aluminum can be a vital part of any project, no matter the industry or application.
Extruded aluminum comes in a variety of shapes, and is widely available.
Extruded curbs make bikeways difficult to maintain and tend to collect debris.
Extruded designs tend to be contemporary or transitional.
Extruded feeds are more expensive due to the higher manufacturing costs.
Extruded feeds have advantages similar to pelleted feeds including less waste, and easy storage.
Extruded holes guide the upright into the base easily, without cross-threading.
Extruded kibble tends to break into still edible pieces rather than explode into a powder.
Extruded material contains a mixture of mud and angular boulders.
Extruded plastics are the new kid on the block.
Extruded polystyrene is durable, impact resistant and easy to install.
Extruded polystyrene is the most suitable insulation material for earth contact.
Extruded polystyrene looks somewhat like expanded polystyrene.
Extruded product can be solid or hollow.
Extruded tubing is inherently strong due to grain alignment in the material.
Extruded vinyl is also available, and when properly designed vinyl works fine.
Extrusion cooking is the process used to manufacture many common foods and pet foods.
Extrusion die life is long.
Extrusion differs from drawing in that the metal is pushed, rather than pulled under tension.
Extrusion includes several parameters like bevel, color and lighting options.
Extrusion is a common method of processing polymers.
Extrusion is a continuous process in which ceramic powder is heated in a long barrel.
Extrusion is a continuous process used to manufacture plastic products such as tubing or profiles.
Extrusion is a squeeze
Extrusion is a uniquely energy efficient process.
Extrusion is fashioning.
Extrusion is forging.
Extrusion is important in the manufacture of components from metals, ceramics, and plastics.
Extrusion is simply a modern, more efficient way of mixing and cooking foods.
Extrusion is squeezes.
Extrusion is the last step in the recycling process.
Extrusion is the process of forcing a billet through a die opening of the desired product shape.
Extrusion is used to make many popular breakfast cereals.
Extrusion is used to make products such as ceramic pipe, tiles, and brick.
Extrusion leads to better performing thermoelectric materials than does sintering.
Extrusion maximizes the digestibility of feed.
Extrusion objects for advanced but compact modelling.
Extrusion produces an inherently strong finished product.
Extrusion produces thin fibers or heavy pipes or films or food bottles.
Extrusions are also much more convenient than IndexedFaceSet.
Extrusions are dense and nonporous.
Extrusions are high temperature vinyl.
Extrusions have several advantages including the ability to produce stainless and hollow sections.
Extrusions only are available.
Extrusion often follows a hematoma or collection of blood.
Extrusive bodies are lava that is deposited on the surface.
Extrusive domes lie on the south and north slopes of the main vent of the active cone.
Extrusive rock is fine grained.
Extrusive rock is formed when the solidification process occurs at or near the ground surface.
Extrusive rocks are concordant with the sedimentary strata upon which they are deposited.
Extrusive rocks cool above ground and cool in a shorter time than Intrusive rocks below ground.
Extrusive rocks cool quickly on or very near the surface of the earth.
Extrusive rocks cool rapidly because they solidify at Earth's surface.
Extrusive rocks form from magma that reaches the Earth's surface and then cools rapidly.
Extrusive rocks form when magma flows onto the surface of the earth or ocean floor.
Extrusive rocks have crystals that are too small to see without magnification.
Extrusive rocks make it to the surface to form either pyroclastic material or lava flows.
Extrusive salt spreads radially as lobes in the abyssal plain like piedmont glaciers.
Exuberance gets the mood about right.
Exuberance has to be there in the heart.
Exuberance is a joy
Exuberance is beauty.
Exuberance is different from symptoms way beyond average and causing dysfunction in life.
Exuberance is enthusiasm
Exuberance is enthusiasm.
Exuberance is joys.
Exuberance is the key here.
Exuberance is the watchword of the Humanist ethic.
Exuberance quickly becomes gross excess, precipitating a crisis.
Exuberance seems to be the key word here as the band seems simply to delight in playing cool songs.
Exuberance utilizes hair keratin amino acids to help restructure damaged hair.
Exuberance utilizes hair keratin amino acids to helprestructure damaged hair.
Exuberant application can cause it to be drawn into the air intake.
Exuberant friendliness is the order of the day.
Exuberant illustration complements the toe-tapping, rhythmic verse.
Exuberant illustrations enhance the learning.
Exuberant plantings flow freely to soften the garden structure.
An exudate is discharge
Exudate is primarily protein-containing fluid with a relatively low content of inflammatory cells.
Exudate passes through it into the next layer, which is absorptive.
Exudate varies from yellow white to gray white and watery to viscous in consistency.
Exudates also are pale yellow in color but have a cloudy appearance.
Exudates are discharge.
Exudates are the result of fats and proteins leaking out of the permeable vessels along with water.
Exudates contain more leukocytes than blood does.
Exudates form unwanted residues in the retina due to leakage from retinal blood vessels.
An exudation is seepage
Exudation is usually the result of inflammation.
Exudation varies along the root and so efflux varies with time.
Exultation means jubilation.
Exuma residents are out-going and proud of their heritage.
An eye bank is a bank
Eye banks are banks.
Eye banks are institutions that collect test store and distribute corneal tissue.
Eye banks are non-profit organizations.
Eye banks collect eyes for corneal transplantation.
Eye banks concentrate on retrieving tissues used in eye surgery that restores or improves sight.
Most eye banks focus on retrieving corneas.
Most eye cancers are curable, especially if they are detected at an early stage.
Eye care Find out what the problems are and when to call the doctor.
Eye care is a computerised eye testing center.
Eye care is also excellent and affordable.
Eye care is an essential part of one's overall health care.
Eye care is available at eleven satellite clinics .
Eye care is of paramount importance.
Eye care starts as soon as the child is born.
Eye color appears dark, with a word written underneath.
Eye color blends with coat color.
Eye color blends with the coat or is darker.
Eye color can be hazel, green or yellow.
Eye color can be just as varied.
Eye color can guide in the selection of eye makeup as well as clothing.
Eye color changes with age.
Eye color comes from melanin.
Eye color comes in shades of brown.
Eye color corresponds to coat color.
Eye color depends on the color of the iris.
Eye color has no relation to coat color.
Eye color is a common example.
Eye color is a dark brown.
Eye color is a defining characteristic in humans.
Eye color is a great example of how DNA mutations can cause genetic variation.
Eye color is a learned trait.
Eye color is a non metric trait.
Eye color is a trait that changes over time.
Eye color is a trait that happens by chance.
Eye color is also varied and ranges from whitish blue to dark brown.
Eye color is an example.
Eye color is an inherited trait.
Eye color is another frequently debated topic.
Eye color is based on several genetic factor.
Eye color is black.
Eye color is brilliant green preferred, amber cast acceptable.
Eye color is brown or blue, or any combination thereof.
Eye color is brown, ranging from dark to amber.
Eye color is brown, the darker the better.
Eye color is brown, with a very dark pupil.
Eye color is brown, with the darkness of the color varying with the color of the coat.
Eye color is brown.
Eye color is clear and brilliant.
Eye color is clear and dark, in harmony with the coat color.
Eye color is color.
Eye color is controlled by multiple genes.
Eye color is copper to gold, with brilliant orange preferred.
Eye color is dark brown and brown at any coat color.
Eye color is dark brown.
Eye color is dark ruby or black.
Eye color is deep ruby or black.
Eye color is defined by that of the iris.
Eye color is dependent on coat color.
Eye color is described as gooseberry green.
Eye color is determined by the relative member of melanocytes in the stroma.
Eye color is golden to brown preferred, wild gooseberry green accepted.
Eye color is green.
Eye color is hazel.
Eye color is in harmony with that of the color of the dog.
Eye color is influenced by two major genes and several minor genes.
Eye color is mainly a function of the pigment melanin.
Eye color is more complex than long assumed.
Eye color is ochre, more or less dark according to the color of the coat.
Eye color is on an autosomal chromosome.
Eye color is pink to dark red.
Eye color is pink.
Eye color is preferably luminous green, although an amber cast is acceptable.
Eye color is red or ruby.
Eye color is red.
Eye color is related to coat color.
Eye color is ruby or black.
Eye color is the same in both sexes.
Eye color is typically golden, green or copper.
Eye color is unknown.
Eye color is usually brown, but heterochromia also occurs, although considered a cosmetic fault.
Eye color is usually gold, blue, green, gray, brown, or black.
Eye color is usually green or blue, with the rare case of steel grey.
Eye color is usually green or gold.
Eye color ranges from dark brown to amber and corresponds with coat color.
Eye color ranges from dark brown to chestnut.
Eye color ranges from deep brown to amber.
Eye color ranges from gold to copper, the greater depth and brilliance the better.
Eye color ranges from red to orange with black pupils.
Eye color ranges in all shades of yellow and brown.
Eye color tends to be blue or clear gray.
Eye color varies from dark brown to red.
Eye color varies from light golden brown to very dark brown.
Eye color varies.
Eye colors are blue, green or brown.
Eye colors are either brown, blue, or green.
Eye colors are gold, green or hazel.
Eye colors are shades of black, blue, red, yellow, or gray.
Eye colors range from medium to dark brown in black dogs.
Eye colors vary from gold, copper, green and blue.
All eye color is determined by the amount of a single pigment, melanin, in the iris.
Any eye color is permitted, but black eye rims are preferred on white dogs.
Most eye colors look great with earth tones and brown, especially the darker shades.
Eye colour can sometime be slow to develop.
Eye colour is a fiery orange.
Eye colour is a graded character but it can roughly be measured by three categories.
Eye colour is always a beautiful vivid blue.
An eye condition is a condition
Eye conditions are conditions.
Many eye conditions require more pharmaceutical intervention than topical medicine can provide.
Some eye conditions cause general loss across the whole visual field.
Some eye conditions vary with general health.
Eye contact appears to be varied, purposeful, and comfortable.
Eye contact can also intensify the experience between loving partners.
Eye contact can be as potent a link to making connection as any smile.
Eye contact can cause irritation.
Eye contact can cause mild irritation.
Eye contact can cause moderate to high irritation.
Eye contact can cause redness and itching as well as swelling of eye lids.
Eye contact can cause severe burns and permanent damage.
Eye contact can cause severe damage.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation and burns leading to permanent damage.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation and burns.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation or burns.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation, Redness, tearing, and blurred vision.
Eye contact can differ dramatically between countries.
Eye contact can maintain, yield, deny and request communication between people.
Eye contact can result in severe burns.
Eye contact can seem difficult, but it is the most important element of delivery skills.
Eye contact can sometimes enrage an aggressive driver.
Eye contact causes conversations.
Eye contact causes irritation.
Eye contact causes severe damage, including blindness.
Eye contact causes tearing, pain, and blurring.
Eye contact causes temporary irritation.
Eye contact conveys the feeling of direct communication.
Eye contact develops early in children.
Eye contact enhances credibility.
Eye contact facilitates direct communication.
Eye contact forces the recognition of another human being.
Eye contact give provides a feeling of confidence and assurance from teacher.
Eye contact has far broader effects.
Eye contact helps communication.
Eye contact indicates a desire for communication, feedback and friendliness.
Eye contact is a critical form of body language.
Eye contact is a focusing skill and helps any child process instructions.
Eye contact is a good way of bringing a child back to task.
Eye contact is a learned reaction.
Eye contact is a means of communication and also helps to gauge students' reactions.
Eye contact is a powerfully persuasive tool of body language.
Eye contact is also a means of showing dominance.
Eye contact is also an important skill to develop.
Eye contact is also different from culture to culture.
Eye contact is also important.
Eye contact is also key.
Eye contact is also one of the ways order is kept in a wolf pack.
Eye contact is an aid to social interaction.
Eye contact is an anti-depressant.
Eye contact is an important channel of interpersonal communication.
Eye contact is an important part of the videoconferencing experience.
Eye contact is an important trust-building tool.
Eye contact is an invitation, simply existing is an invitation.
Eye contact is another culture-specific issue.
Eye contact is another major channel of nonverbal communication.
Eye contact is another safe route to take.
Eye contact is another way in which people can express a range of feelings.
Eye contact is avoided until show time.
Eye contact is considered essential when greeting someone.
Eye contact is constant.
Eye contact is contact.
Eye contact is critical in delivering excellent customer service.
Eye contact is critical, as is vocal variety.
Eye contact is critical.
Eye contact is crucial to cat communication, but it's very important to people as well.
Eye contact is crucial.
Eye contact is difficult but necessary.
Eye contact is especially important in signalling changes in ongoing interactions.
Eye contact is essential in establishing trust, yet it is one of our weakest skills.
Eye contact is essential to building rapport with someone.
Eye contact is essential to establishing credibility.
Eye contact is essential, helping create a bond between the speaker and the listener.
Eye contact is essential.
Eye contact is even better.
Eye contact is extremely important to communication.
Eye contact is extremely important.
Eye contact is feedback as well.
Eye contact is for actors afraid to stand on their own.
Eye contact is good, or at least is when meeting with Egyptian men.
Eye contact is important at all times.
Eye contact is important for two reasons.
Eye contact is important in encouraging participant involvement.
Eye contact is important in establishing trustworthiness.
Eye contact is important in good communications.
Eye contact is important in keeping an audience engaged.
Eye contact is important thoughout, but especially at the beginning of the reading and at the end.
Eye contact is important when shaking someone s hand.
Eye contact is important when teaching.
Eye contact is important.
Eye contact is key.
Eye contact is like a virtual handshake and helps a presenter bond with the audience.
Eye contact is lost and gone forever.
Eye contact is made and broken, For who can bear even a second, Of that scorching, white fire.
Eye contact is made intermittently.
Eye contact is made with everyone.
Eye contact is made with only some of the audience.
Eye contact is made.
Eye contact is minimal.
Eye contact is more aversive to a child with fragile X syndrome than to autistic students.
Eye contact is nearly impossible, which eliminates a vital form of communication.
Eye contact is necessary for spotting.
Eye contact is no more.
Eye contact is one of the most primitive and primal attractions among mammals.
Eye contact is probably the most important nonverbal communicator after smiling.
Eye contact is probably the most meaningful ingredient in helping to make a connection.
Eye contact is rare.
Eye contact is reflective of being assertive and self-confident.
Eye contact is the dominant feature in nonverbal communications.
Eye contact is the foundation of better focus and clearness in our speech.
Eye contact is the most common initiation of interest by a member of the opposite sex.
Eye contact is very important but make sure it looks natural.
Eye contact is very important, as is pronunciation and enunciation.
Eye contact is very important.
Eye contact is visual communication
Eye contact is visual communication.
Eye contact is vital.
Eye contact is vitally important.
Eye contact is watching.
Eye contact Looks at person when talking or listening.
Eye contact makes all the difference in a good image.
Eye contact makes people feel invested.
Eye contact means entirely different things to dogs and people.
Eye contact means threat or challenge.
Eye contact mediates the effect of personal space.
Eye contact needs to be established when giving instructions.
Eye contact opens the channel of communications between people.
Eye contact opens up the possibilities for our being together.
Eye contact results in severe pain, blurred vision and possible blindness.
Eye contact seems to mean a lot.
Eye contact serves an important role in maintaining and initiating conversation.
Eye contact shows the employers a sign of interest in the job and good self-esteem.
Eye contact signals our willingness to relate to one another.
Eye contact signals the ears are tuned in.
Eye contact tells the truth.
Eye contact travels great distances.
Eye damage is possible with UV illumination in the UV-B or shorter wavelength region.
Eye damage is said to be permanent.
Eye development improves because of the necessity to switch sides when nursing.
Eye development is initiated in the cave fish embryo but the eye arrests later in development.
An eye disease is a disease
Eye disease can be present without eye pain, redness, or other clinical signs.
Eye disease can go undetected until the vision becomes noticeably affected.
Eye disease can occur at any age.
Eye diseases are common in dogs.
Eye diseases are diseases.
Eye diseases are silent enemies of the eye.
Eye diseases can be very contagious.
Eye diseases rob the sight of millions of people each year.
Eye diseases strike many otherwise-healthy elders late in life.
Many eye diseases are silent.
Many eye diseases lead to low vision and thus benefit from low vision services.
Many eye diseases show symptoms of lack of blood flow through the eye.
Most eye diseases spread in our community can be prevented or treated in the early stages.
Some eye diseases affect retinas.
Some eye diseases are characterized by degeneration.
Some eye diseases lead to blindness.
Eye disorders are quite common in the American population.
Many eye disorders have no symptoms until it is too late.
Some eye disorder causes blindness.
An eye doctor is a specialist
Eye doctors are helpless.
Eye doctors believe there are two causes.
Eye doctors can test eyewear for ultraviolet protection.
Eye doctors give treatments.
Eye doctors specialize in care.
Eye doctors use a number of methods to re-attach the retina to the back of the eye.
Eye doctors use an infrared pupillometer to measure the size of the pupils.
Many eye doctors blame strabismus on weak eye muscles which control eye movements.
Most eye doctors give treatments.
Most eye doctors specialize in care.
Most eye doctors use some sort of automated visual field apparatus.
Some eye doctors recommend surgery.
Eye donation can give precious sight to two individuals.
Eye donation changes lives.
Eye donation gives sight to two corneally blind persons.
Eye donation has a few restrictions.
Eye donation is an option for most cancer patients.
Eye drops are generally gentle enough for the middle ear.
Eye drops are generally safe for the ears even if there is a hole in the ear drum.
Eye drops are irrigation.
Eye drops are isotonic, many marine animals are isotonic with sea water.
Eye drops are just as much tools of modern medicine as any of the wonder drugs of today.
Eye drops are one of the few ways where drugs can be administered close to the site of action.
Eye drops are powerful medications of varying degrees just like all other medicines.
Eye drops are solutions.
Eye drops are very effective.
All eye drops are, indeed, systemic medications.
Some eye drops used to treat glaucoma also contain beta blockers.
Eye dryness is caused by staring for long periods at any computer monitor.
Eye exam reveals exophthalmos, lid lag, proptosis and poor pupillary convergence bilaterally.
Eye exams are a crucial diagnostic test to measure how well diabetics are managing their disease.
Eye exams are mandatory.
Eye exams are normally done on an annual basis, so also check to see that the exam is current.
Eye exams show cataracts.
Eye examinations are available by appointment.
Eye examinations give a better understanding of an individual's FP status.
Eye exercises are a good idea.
Eye exercises are a limited form of treatment.
Eye exercises are almost always part of a vision therapy program.
Eye exercises involve moving the eyes up and down, side to side and round in a circle.
Eye floaters are suspended in the vitreous humour , the thick fluid or gel that fills the eye.
Eye infection can result from contact with infected secretions.
Eye infection causes damage.
Eye infection is infection
Eye infections are common among the groups especially among children.
Eye infections are common in chinchillas as is conjunctivitis.
Eye infections are extremely contagious, and are spread easily from fingers to eyes.
Eye infections can develop from touching the eye immediately after touching a sore.
Eye infections can result if eye scratches go untreated.
Eye infections can result if the eye scratches go untreated.
Eye infections lead to conjunctivitis and lung infections leave pneumonia a distinct possibility.
Most eye infection causes damage.
Eye injuries account for nearly two and one half million accidents in the United States each year.
Eye injuries are also common for children's participation sports.
Eye injuries are also common in baseball.
Eye injuries are among the most common of all injuries in the manufacturing metal products industry.
Eye injuries are an important cause of blindness in children who participate in sports activities.
Eye injuries are another subset of soccer-related head injuries.
Eye injuries are bad news.
Eye injuries are common in automobile accidents, even slow-speed accidents.
Eye injuries are often the result of misuse, abuse, and altering of toys.
Eye injuries are painful and sight threatening to the employee, costly to the employer.
Eye injuries can be excruciatingly painful for the dog.
Eye injuries can be very serious.
Eye injuries can cause cataracts in people of any age.
Eye injuries can destroy an athlete's career.
Eye injuries can result from machine operations such as grinding, sawing and etching, and so on.
Eye injuries can result in countless hours of lost work time for farmers.
Eye injuries caused by fireworks are often severe, and can even cause blindness.
Eye injuries vary tremendously in severity.
Eye injuries Wear protective glasses or goggles as needed, especially when working with liquids.
Eye injury is an additional risk factor.
Eye injury is one of the leading causes of vision impairment in the United States.
Many eye injuries result from car accidents.
Most eye injuries are minor, but because of extensive bruising, they often look worse than they are.
Most eye injuries occur at home.
Some eye injuries cause burn sensation.
Some eye injuries cause sensation.
Eye irritation causes damage.
Eye irritation causes eye damage.
Eye irritation causes permanent damage.
Eye irritation causes permanent eye damage.
Eye irritation is also unlikely.
Eye irritation is by far the most common complaint regarding pool chemistry.
Eye irritation is caused by air pollution.
Eye irritation is caused by pollution.
Eye irritation is characteristic of ozone pollution.
Eye irritation is exacerbated during the night.
Eye irritation is likely if rubbed into the eyes.
Eye irritation is pain.
Eye irritation occurs when chloramines build up.
Eye irritation seems the main symptom during passive exposure to cigarette smoke.
Most eye irritation causes damage.
Most eye irritation causes eye damage.
Most eye irritation causes permanent damage.
Most eye irritation causes permanent eye damage.
Most eye irritation is caused by air pollution.
Most eye irritation is caused by pollution.
Eye juncos drink water.
Eye juncos eat insects.
Eye juncos have heads.
Eye juncos have many different songs.
Eye juncos have round heads.
Eye juncos have songs.
Eye juncos leave tracks.
Eye lid Scarring Severe or persistent blepharitis can occasionally lead to scarring of the eyelid.
Eye lids swell.
Eye liner is a cosmetic used to define the eyes.
Eye movement is motion.
Eye movement is movement
Eye movements are either spontaneous in nature or they are visually guided.
Eye movements are minimal and muscular activity decreases to an even lower level.
Eye movements are rather rapid and largely unconscious.
Eye movements become more efficient, and they are better at tracking and judging speed.
Eye movements cause a different amount of light to be reflected on the sensors.
Eye movements divide the visual perception of a scene into discrete episodes, or views.
Eye movements impaired by one or more vision conditions can result in visual scanning deficiencies.
Eye movements occur with blinking and result from the electrical charge of the eye itself.
Eye movements reflect impaired face processing in patients with schizophrenia.
Eye movements require both horizontal and vertical grades.
Eye movements require the highest level of movement precision.
Eye movements reveal the spatio-temporal dynamics of visual search.
Eye movements seem to be normal.
Eye movements stop and brain waves become larger.
Eye movements tell a lot about vision, even if a child is pre-verbal.
Any eye movement excludes brain death.
An eye muscle is a muscle
Eye muscles are specialized to allow acute vision both above and under the water.
Eye muscles are the busiest muscles in the body.
Eye muscles become significantly weaker.
Eye muscles can weaken, giving the person double vision or crossed eyes.
Eye muscles relax, making it difficult to focus.
Eye muscles strain to point the eyes at close distances.
Some eye muscles are part of eyes.
Some eye muscles are part of faces.
Some eye muscles are weak at birth.
Eyes of mammals have various ways of adapting to many different light levels.
Eye ointments are available too.
Eye patch helps dyslexics.
Eye patches are useful for periods of sleep, to further protect the eye.
Eye penguins inhabit coasts.
Eye penguins inhabit southeast coasts.
Eye pigmentation is determined by melanocytes.
Eye pressure builds up when fluid that normally flows out of the eye becomes blocked.
Eye pressure builds up when fluid that normally flows out of the eye flows out too slowly.
Eye pressure checks throughout the whole day.
Eye pressure decreases.
Eye pressure is considered normal when the amount of fluid produced equals the amount draining away.
Eye pressure is generally independent of blood pressure.
Eye pressure is largely independent of blood pressure.
Eye pressures can vary hourly, daily, and weekly.
Eye problems are almost unknown in the breed.
Eye problems are common and the ears are low-set and unusual in shape.
Eye problems can also impede a child's creativity, athletic performance and self-esteem.
Eye problems can develop when excess of dirt particles get collected under the eyeball.
Eye problems prevent individuals from having a clear view of their feet.
Many eye problems are treatable if caught early.
Some eye problems are simply an indication of vitamn A deficiency.
Some eye problems require the use of daily eyedrops or occasionally oral medication.
Eye protection consists of anti-fogged goggles.
Eye protection is a highly recommended safety precaution to take.
Eye protection is a necessity when jobs create the possibility of eye injury.
Eye protection is a terrifically good idea.
Eye protection is absolutely mandatory in any of our machine shops.
Eye protection is advised for running in the pine forest.
Eye protection is also essential.
Eye protection is also very important when working with agricultural chemicals.
Eye protection is always a good idea.
Eye protection is always a part of normal laboratory attire.
Eye protection is an optional item, depending upon the situation.
Eye protection is available for purchase at the range.
Eye protection is available from many different manufacturers today.
Eye protection is available upon request at no charge.
Eye protection is especially important when working on systems, which are in operation.
Eye protection is important when handling pesticides.
Eye protection is mandatory and ear plugs are recommended.
Eye protection is mandatory at any sanctioned competition and at most professionally run ranges.
Eye protection is mandatory for racquet sports and floor hockey.
Eye protection is mandatory when operating glass apparatus under vacuum.
Eye protection is mandatory.
Eye protection is necessary every time there is a chance of spraying or splattering a chemical.
Eye protection is necessary.
Eye protection is needed for all individuals working in the controlled area.
Eye protection is needed for all individuals working within the controlled area.
Eye protection is optional and gloves are required for boys.
Eye protection is particularly necessary when mixing pesticides.
Eye protection is probably also wise.
Eye protection is recommended during hand harvesting, where workers are exposed to the cane stalks.
Eye protection is recommended for all players.
Eye protection is recommended for woodlot courses.
Eye protection is recommended on most jobs, and dust masks if working in dust.
Eye protection is recommended when disinfectant solution is being sprayed.
Eye protection is recommended when spraying disinfectant solutions.
Eye protection is recommended.
Eye protection is relatively cheap.
Eye protection is required at all times in the chemistry laboratory.
Eye protection is required at all times in the lab.
Eye protection is required at all times.
Eye protection is required during chemical and glassware use.
Eye protection is required for all personnel where chemicals are stored and handled.
Eye protection is required for both workers and visitors to the set.
Eye protection is required for certain jobs and areas of work.
Eye protection is required for racquet sports.
Eye protection is required in labs.
Eye protection is required in the pit areas.
Eye protection is required when appropriate.
Eye protection is required whenever rust or loose paint is removed from surfaces with a wire brush.
Eye protection is required.
Eye protection is straightforward.
Eye protection is strongly advisable.
Eye protection is substantially more important here, as the lower viscosity causes splatters.
Eye protection is to be worn at all times when using power tools.
Eye protection is wavelength-specific.
Eye protection is worn by everyone in a laboratory.
Eye protection is worn.
Eye protection works.
Eye protection worn by players to prevent eye damage.
Eye pupils are vertical.
Eye relief can be particularly important for eyeglass wearers .
Eye relief can be particularly important for eyeglass wearers.
Eye relief is extremely short and the apparent field is small.
Eye relief is for the most part comfortable, and light throughput is acceptable.
Eye relief is given for reference only.
Eye relief is nearly five inches, suitable for both receiver and extended barrel mounts.
Eye relief is the concept here.
Eye relief is the distance from the eyepiece where the full field of view is visible.
Eye relief is the distance from the ocular lens to the user's eye.
Eye shadow contains mica.
Eye shadow is a cosmetic that is applied on the eyelids and under the eyebrows.
Eye shadow is extended.
Eye shadow works double-duty here.
Eye shadows are in grays, earthy browns, khaki greens and plums.
Eye shadows make eyes look prettier.
Eye sight can also fade with age.
Eye sight is fussy.
An eye socket is a structure
Eye sockets are purple with blood.
Some eye sockets are part of heads.
Some eye sockets are part of skulls.
Eye speed is the key to being a speed reader.
Eye strain can also occur from heavy computer use.
Eye strain can result from the close attention to stitching.
Eye strain can result.
Eye strain decreases, aches disappear.
Eye strain is a common computer user's discomfort.
Eye strain is a major contributor to operator fatigue.
Eye strain is a serious consideration.
Eye strain is common among workers who sit in front of screens all day long.
Eye strain is no reason for a grandparent to miss out on they joys of reading to the grandchildren.
Eye strain is reduced in the newer terminals that are coated for glare.
Eye surgeons can also remove the vitreous, and replace it with another clear liquid.
Most eye surgeons use ethylene oxide gas or steam to sterilize blades.
Eye surgeries are most common because many in Central America get cataracts from the intense sun.
Eye surgery can, ultimately, show remarkable results.
Eye surgery is an example.
Eye surgery is an operation
Eye surgery is done to correct the drooping eyelids and the bags that appear under the eye.
Eye surgery is recommended for certain eye disorders as part of the treatment plan.
Eye surgery is surgical procedures.
Eye tests are free to anyone who has a relative suffering from glaucoma.
Eye tests are mandatory.
Eye Trackers Can Tell whether users are even looking at the screen.
Eye tracking involves sophisticated, usually expensive equipment.
Eye tracking is a technique used to determine where a person is looking.
Eye tracking is a technique which attempts to determine where a person is looking.
Eye tracking is another important visual function during baseball.
Eye tracking is the ability to follow a moving target with the eyes.
Eye trauma can cause corneal damage and edema.
Eye trauma is an important cause of vision loss in children.
Eye trauma is the leading cause of blindness worldwide.
Eye trauma refers to any injury to the eye.
Many eye traumas occur during sports, active play or other recreational activities.
Eye tree frogs have pupils.
Eye tree frogs have slit pupils.
Eye tree frogs have vertical slit pupils.
Eye wall is a wall of clouds and intense thunderstorms that surround the eye.
Eye wall is the wall of highest tops encircling the eye.
Eye walls are called as such because oftentimes the eye is surrounded by a vertical wall of clouds.
Eye wear is also important.
Eye witness accounts and photos of the devastating impact of blizzards.
Eye witness accounts of daily life in Jerusalem for Messianic Jewish family and comments.
Eye witness accounts of events give unique feeling to the stories told.
Eye witness accounts of the practices of anti-Christian governments.
Eye witness accounts published at the time of the event.
Eye witnesses agree in sharp detail about alien abductions and voodoo curses.
Eye witnesses are the key to establishing fault to the other party.
Eye witnesses report mass deportations to the border.
Eye witnesses say they saw 'something odd' on the tracks right before the explosion.
Some eye witnesses are still alive and a few pictures of that time are available.
An eye is a sense organ
Eye abnormalities in lake trout affected by gas supersaturation.
Eye balls That tricky bounce seems to be the key.
Eye bolts through the roof, secured with nuts and washers inside are best for hanging houses.
Eye brows . . .
Eye candies Anything goes forum covering graphic, applications, fonts, filters, tubes and effects.
Eye care twice daily is more successful than less often.
Eye catching ads are the preeminent factor in the success of online campaigns.
Eye catching graphics and simple, clear language make it easy to find out about new things.
Eye catching graphics are cool and can help sell.
Eye catching graphics help to hold the interest of the reader.
Eye catching patterns are a basis for promotional art.
Eye catching stripes ensure attention all year around.
Eye compresses help sometimes and a lot of rest is good.
Eye conditions other than macular degeneration can cause low vision.
Eye cups that fold back enable people wearing eyeglasses to comfortably use the binoculars.
Eye defect in which light focusses behind the retina, instead of on it.
Eye diagrams that once took minutes to accumulate now take only seconds.
Eye diseases and disorders.
Eye diseases or serious medical conditions.
Eye doctors today, however, recommend that children have their eyes examined before they can read.
Eye drops and a spare pair of glasses are a sensible precaution.
Eye drops and eardrops are helpful in preventing irritation and infections.
Eye drops and night protection are necessary for designated periods of time.
Eye drops and nose sprays actually wash debris onto the surfaces they are trying to affect.
Eye drops and ointments are examples of topical drugs.
Eye drops and oral pain medications are sufficient to alleviate any discomfort.
Eye drops and the red pills, too.
Eye drops can cause irritation and allergic reactions in the eyes.
Eye drops can help keep eyes from getting dry and itchy.
Eye drops for contact lenses cost three or more dollars for just a few ounces.
Eye drops numb the eyes.
Eye drops off shelf.
Eye drops off the shelf.
Eye drops or ointments are better alternatives for mild or early cases of pinkeye.
Eye drops or ointments are usually the drugs of choice.
Eye drops or pills are the usual way to treat glaucoma.
Eye drops that contain steroids can cause opened-angled glaucoma and cataracts.
Eye drops to dilate the eye help relieve the pain by preventing motion of the inflamed iris .
Eye drops treat inflammation of covering to eye and cornea.
Eye drops with a compound that reduces inflammation and pain during surgery appear to be promising.
Eye drops with steroid are the mainstay.
Eye drops, especially steroids and pupil dilators can reduce inflammation and pain.
Eye drops, mouthwash.
Eye drops, nasal sprays and nose drops are available.
Eye exams at most locations.
Eye exercises and patching.
Eye exercises and periodic changes in activity also help to prevent eye strain.
Eye exercises can be helpful once the eyes have been straightened with glasses or surgery.
Eye faces without ears or tears or memory smears.
Eye flukes live in the fluid of the eye.
Eye flushing devices are a very useful addition to a first aid kit.
Eye follows and records the son's movements.
Eye foxtails Squinting eye suddenly-swelling accompanied by tears and mucous discharge.
Eye heap beside some flight and threaten distance golfballs.
Eye heap beside some flight and threaten dunlop golf equipment.
Eye heap beside some flight and threaten golf taylormades.
Eye heap beside some flight and threaten king cobra clone.
Eye heap beside some flight and threaten ucla posters.
Eye infections Wipe away any discharge.
Eye injuries common in dogs.
Eye isa organ.
Eye lashes and a high head-tuft present.
Eye lashes and facial bristles are very hair-like, but always have barbs at the base.
Eye lashes filter out harmful particles.
Eye lens gradually clouds causing vision to become less clear.
Eye lens weights from free-living adult snowshoe hares of known age.
Eye lids drooping and turning in so that the eyelids contact the eyeball.
Eye lifts - last longer.
Eye looks like it has a slime coat.
Eye manifestations in acrodermatitis enteropathica.
Eye movements as a window into real-time spoken language comprehension in natural contexts.
Eye movements from single utricular nerve stimulation in the cat.
Eye movements in Daphnia magna.
Eye movements in face processing, Neuropsychology of eye movements in Dyslexic readers.
Eye movements in patients with superior canal dehiscence syndrome align with the abnormal canal.
Eye movements in reading and information processing.
Eye movements in relation to perception.
Eye movements in response to real and apparent motion of acoustic targets.
Eye movements in the analysis of structurally ambiguous sentences.
Eye movements in the study of holistic processing of faces.
Eye movements, for instance, are one of the most precise movements that animals can make.
Eye pass through the chapelry.
Eye patching for amblyopia and muscle surgery for strabismus are often helpful.
Eye Pillows Beautiful color choices.
Eye pins and hinges are from the original kit.
Eye protectors for racket sports are available in sports shops.
Eye reddish in color.
Eye reflexes and blinking.
Eye say behind several female figure skater.
Eye shimmers, eye shadow - shimmery eye shadow.
Eye shine color is a distinctive reddish-orange.
Eye splashes can cause permanent corneal lesions.
Eye stalks slender, elongate, with cornea projecting beyond lateral margins of carapace.
Eye strain due to imperfect sight.
Eye strap Strong stainless strap that is formed with a loop and screwed or bolted to the structure.
Eye strike a key and type a word.
Eye study away that online service.
Eye suspects there's more than overextended ambition at play here.
Eye tests for children and adults .
Eye trying alongside either set however cheat hurricane sportswear.
Eye wash capable of sustained flushing, safety drench shower and hygienic facilities for washing.
Eye wear discounts.
Eye wear smile.
Eye wear that makes the correct impression.
Eye wish too pearsonaly thabk eetch and evory one of yoo fore yore supourt ovur theyeers.
Eye work past lots wheel after crash oxygen inline skate.
Eyes actually move around and players respond realistically to certain situations.
Eyes add nothing to the light, nor do they produce light.
Eyes also become more sensitive to glare.
Eyes also move backward on occasion.
Eyes also send signals.
Eyes appear in the human embryo by ca.
Eyes appear more open, creating an instant eyelift.
Eyes appear to glow red.
Eyes are a bit wide set, but acceptable.
Eyes are a valuable and effective pest detection tool.
Eyes are absent and both pairs of antennae are short.
Eyes are absent.
Eyes are acrylic, veins nails, and skin tones are dry pigments and acrylic paint.
Eyes are almond-shaped and of moderate size.
Eyes are also susceptible to UV damage.
Eyes are always straight ahead, with a serious look on everyone s face.
Eyes are always the selling point.
Eyes are amazing and complex organs.
Eyes are amond shape.
Eyes are another common sore point when computing.
Eyes are another example.
Eyes are another potential problem with cataracts being the most commonly diagnosed malady.
Eyes are apt to roll at the first mention of self-acceptance.
Eyes are as large as the stomach.
Eyes are at a comfortable distance from the monitor.
Eyes are at the front of the face but are still widely separated.
Eyes are at the top.
Eyes are attention.
Eyes are big and dark color, eye rim is light color, neck is short and stubby a little bent back.
Eyes are big and expressive, hands are long and delicate.
Eyes are big for what they wait.
Eyes are black and the antennae and legs are yellowish.
Eyes are black.
Eyes are bloodshot.
Eyes are blue.
Eyes are blue-green.
Eyes are bright and alert.
Eyes are bright red.
Eyes are bright upon our return to camp.
Eyes are bright, clear, full and often protrude.
Eyes are bright, clear, full, and often protrude.
Eyes are bright, clear, transparent, full, and often protruding.
Eyes are brown and the pupils unequally dilated.
Eyes are brown or dark brown, slightly slanted and of medium size.
Eyes are brown or dark brown.
Eyes are brown or gray.
Eyes are brown, almond shaped and of medium size.
Eyes are brown, almond-shaped and set oblique.
Eyes are brown, bill beige and legs gray.
Eyes are brown, blue, amber or any variation or combination thereof, including flecks and marbling.
Eyes are brown, never blue.
Eyes are brown, ranging from dark to amber.
Eyes are brown.
Eyes are brown.
Eyes are brown-chestnut.
Eyes are capable of blue.
Eyes are capable of cries.
Eyes are capable of focus.
Eyes are chestnut and feet distinctively yellow.
Eyes are clear and good.
Eyes are close together.
Eyes are closed by eyelids.
Eyes are closed by third eyelids.
Eyes are closed.
Eyes are colour adapted while assessment is made.
Eyes are commonly black, brown, or green.
Eyes are complex structures, prone to disease and injury.
Eyes are dark brown or red.
Eyes are dark brown with white eyebrow.
Eyes are dark brown with yellow eye-ring.
Eyes are dark brown, almond-shaped, and of moderate size.
Eyes are dark brown, cere light to dark black, and legs are grey.
Eyes are dark brown, legs are pink or gray.
Eyes are dark brown, surrounded by violet eye-ring.
Eyes are dark hazel and the bill, shanks and feet are orange.
Eyes are dark or amber in color with darker preferred.
Eyes are dark red and cornicles are short.
Eyes are dark with a lively, intelligent expression.
Eyes are dark with a small black spot beneath.
Eyes are dark, and ears are erect.
Eyes are dark.
Eyes are darker, around lemon hearts.
Eyes are deep set, almond-shaped, dark in color, with a mischievous, intelligent expression.
Eyes are definitely an essential part of a great trial dog.
Eyes are distinctly red and they have long slender cornicles extending from the abdomen.
Eyes are dull or cloudy.
Eyes are dull.
Eyes are dusky.
Eyes are either at the base or the tips of the upper tentacles.
Eyes are either pink or black.
Eyes are either simple or compound.
Eyes are elliptical, strongly convex, and placed close to the posterior border of the head.
Eyes are embroidered for added safety and softness.
Eyes are embroidered for added safety.
Eyes are embroidered.
Eyes are encircled with black rings.
Eyes are encircled with white fur.
Eyes are especially sensitive to contact by the sap.
Eyes are especially vulnerable to injuries from pointed branches, vines and twigs.
Eyes are everywhere.
Eyes are expressive.
Eyes are extremely large, compound, and stalked.
Eyes are eyes, they are all the same.
Eyes are fairly large and set wide apart.
Eyes are faster than hands.
Eyes are fertile.
Eyes are flexible within sertain range.
Eyes are for seeing, expressing the emotions and much more.
Eyes are for seing.
Eyes are friendly, intelligent, medium sized and medium to dark brown.
Eyes are generally open.
Eyes are genetically either blue or brown so any variations on that indicate malfunctions.
Eyes are glass.
Eyes are golden in color.
Eyes are gray-brown, legs are light pink.
Eyes are great fun to draw.
Eyes are green, gold, or copper in color.
Eyes are green.
Eyes are grey-green.
Eyes are halfway down the face.
Eyes are hazel in color, preferably of a dark shade.
Eyes are hazel.
Eyes are holes.
Eyes are in tact.
Eyes are incredibly useful, but they are also incredibly vulnerable.
Eyes are large and black.
Eyes are large and brown.
Eyes are large and ears are cat-like.
Eyes are large and located forward of center of head.
Eyes are large and prominent.
Eyes are large and set well back and high on the sides of a woodcock's head.
Eyes are large and yellow brown.
Eyes are large in size, set wide apart with inner and outer corners on the same horizontal line.
Eyes are large wide-set and brown in colour.
Eyes are large with an elongate protruding head.
Eyes are large with excellent vision.
Eyes are large, almond shaped and very dark with a gentle expression.
Eyes are large, kind, intelligent and lively.
Eyes are large, tail is flattened.
Eyes are large.
Eyes are larger and duller and stick out more.
Eyes are light yellow.
Eyes are like the cameras of the mind.
Eyes are located in faces.
Eyes are located in mammals.
Eyes are located in potato.
Eyes are located on movable stalks at the top of the cephalothorax.
Eyes are located on movable stalks.
Eyes are located toward the front of the head.
Eyes are lock - in safty eyes which are ideal for children.
Eyes are marbled in black.
Eyes are marvelous tools in scenes.
Eyes are mederately large, ears are large but nearly hidden in the fur.
Eyes are medium deep and are most prevalent on the apical end.
Eyes are medium depth and at the stem attachment and apical end are somewhat deeper.
Eyes are medium in size, almond shaped, and set somewhat obliquely.
Eyes are medium in size, almond-shaped, tight, and dark brown.
Eyes are medium in size, round, and set well apart.
Eyes are medium size and oval.
Eyes are medium size, set apart, almond shaped and dark brown to light amber in color.
Eyes are medium to deep and tubers are often knobby and rough.
Eyes are moderate in number and concentrated on the apical end.
Eyes are moderately deep and well distributed.
Eyes are moderately deep with apical eyes indented most.
Eyes are more exact witnesses than ears.
Eyes are more resistant to damage than muscle and bone.
Eyes are more trustworthy.
Eyes are much larger in proportion to the head that is much more pointed in shape.
Eyes are nearly round and set wide apart.
Eyes are normal size and come in every possible color.
Eyes are normal.
Eyes are now open to the beauty of the oneness of humanity, of love and of brotherhood.
Eyes are numerous and the tubers are often cracked.
Eyes are numerous, medium deep and surrounded by non-russeted skin.
Eyes are of a golden color.
Eyes are of a medium size, almond shaped and medium to very dark brown.
Eyes are of inlaid baleen, as are the parka accents.
Eyes are often sensitive to solvents and their vapors.
Eyes are on tentacles above the mouth parts.
Eyes are on the horizon as people glimpse an approaching storm.
Eyes are on the opponents side and the ball.
Eyes are on the opposition.
Eyes are on the screens, waiting for the print.
Eyes are on the sides of the head, near the corners of the mouth.
Eyes are on the top of the head and appear as two tiny black spots.
Eyes are one of the most noticeable parts of a fish's body.
Eyes are one of the most sensitive parts of the body temple.
Eyes are opaque-silver in color.
Eyes are open and relaxed.
Eyes are open and spontaneous movement is present.
Eyes are open and well-formed without the stress of too much early light.
Eyes are open.
Eyes are opinion.
Eyes are orange-red and bill is long and decurved.
Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Eyes are organs.
Eyes are painful in the evening and at night, as from sand, with frequent watering.
Eyes are pale to bright yellow, and the bill is yellowish horn.
Eyes are pale yellow.
Eyes are paperweight glass.
Eyes are part of faces.
Eyes are part of heads.
Eyes are part of needles.
Eyes are part of visual systems.
Eyes are partially open and eyelashes present.
Eyes are particularly difficult.
Eyes are particularly vulnerable.
Eyes are pearl in color in the pigeons with little white, or bull with much white.
Eyes are pink.
Eyes are pink-red, the nails are clear.
Eyes are plentiful, moderately shallow to deep and well distributed.
Eyes are powerful communicators as they reflect our emotions.
Eyes are present at the base of a single pair of tentacles.
Eyes are present at the tips of the posterior pair of tentacles.
Eyes are present.
Eyes are pretty good, one has a few small scratches though.
Eyes are pretty useless unless they are complete and perfected.
Eyes are probably the most commonly used feature to indicate character.
Eyes are proportionate in size to the face.
Eyes are rather small, as are scales.
Eyes are really good, vision is really clear.
Eyes are red and bill is dark and heavy.
Eyes are red and bill is orange-red with black tip.
Eyes are red in color, but darker than in albino .
Eyes are red, footpads are pink.
Eyes are red.
Eyes are reddish.
Eyes are reddish-orange, bill is short, and legs and toes are black.
Eyes are round, black or dark brown and are set in the skull to look directly forward.
Eyes are sense organs.
Eyes are sensitive to light.
Eyes are sensitive to UV light.
Eyes are sensitive with much heat, burning and aching.
Eyes are set close together to see far to catch prey.
Eyes are shallow and sparse on the stem end.
Eyes are shallow and well distributed on tubers.
Eyes are shallow and well distributed.
Eyes are shallow except at apical end which is sometimes sunken.
Eyes are shallow to medium deep.
Eyes are shallow, few and unevenly distributed.
Eyes are shallow, moderate in number and well-distributed.
Eyes are shallow, moderate in number and widely spaced near the stem end.
Eyes are shallow, numerous and well distributed.
Eyes are shell.
Eyes are silk screened for added safety.
Eyes are silvery.
Eyes are simply an extension of the brain.
Eyes are slightly round, large and expressive.
Eyes are slits or pointed.
Eyes are small and black.
Eyes are small and ears barely project above the fur.
Eyes are small and eyesight rather poor.
Eyes are small and lack eyelids.
Eyes are small and lidless.
Eyes are small and located high and toward the sides of the head.
Eyes are small in proportion to the body.
Eyes are small with no eyebrows or lashes.
Eyes are small, ears are large, their distinctively mobile nose is upper lip and nostrils combined.
Eyes are small, oval in shape, and dark brown in color.
Eyes are small, round, dark in color, and set moderately wide apart.
Eyes are small.
Eyes are smart and aerobatic while the radio is dumb and blind.
Eyes are so similar to our eye.
Eyes are sometimes more sensitive to the light so indirect light can be soothing also.
Eyes are sometimes various shades of red.
Eyes are somewhat dry and irritated, now and then there is a sensation of sticking pain.
Eyes are spheres within a roughly spherical head.
Eyes are starry, and everything seems wonderful.
Eyes are still blue but getting less blue each day.
Eyes are still closed.
Eyes are strained more by close viewing than by distant viewing.
Eyes are the developing shoots that emerge from the root base of the plant.
Eyes are the gateway to a person's soul.
Eyes are the last body part to rot.
Eyes are the organs of vision .
Eyes are the windows of the soul.
Eyes are the windows to the soul, and the key to achieving true intimacy.
Eyes are the windows to the soul, so goes the old saying, and it's especially true in illustration.
Eyes are the windows to the soul.
Eyes are to be blue-grey, with dark toenails.
Eyes are to be brown, with dark toenails.
Eyes are to be kept above the midline and small talk kept to a minimum.
Eyes are to be medium large, very clear, of yellowish or amber color and wide apart.
Eyes are triangular in shape with pigment dispersed as irregular black stains .
Eyes are typically dominant or hooded.
Eyes are typically shades of yellow, blue, green, brown, or white.
Eyes are used for blinking.
Eyes are used for blinks.
Eyes are used for crying.
Eyes are used for looking.
Eyes are used for reading.
Eyes are used for starings.
Eyes are used for viewing.
Eyes are used for vision.
Eyes are used in many ways in dreams.
Eyes are useless.
Eyes are usually light green.
Eyes are usually the most and only visible feature on a suspect.
Eyes are usually the only visible part of the body.
Eyes are very large.
Eyes are very round, far apart and very dark.
Eyes are very sensitive to light, especially when the headache is present.
Eyes are very sensitive to UV damage because the sensitive light sensors are so exposed.
Eyes are vigilant and watching, ears alert and listening.
Eyes are vivid yellow.
Eyes are watery or burning and nose is itchy.
Eyes are wavelength detectors, but only to a degree.
Eyes are well developed.
Eyes are white with glitter accents.
Eyes are wide and bright.
Eyes are wide as people look through the bus windows, viewing their town's nightmare.
Eyes are wide open and color is beginning to come through in the crest.
Eyes are wide set and ears are neither drooping nor erect.
Eyes are windows of the soul.
Eyes are yellow to red-yellow and the bill is short and broad.
Eyes are yellow, rather than brown like many domestic dogs.
Eyes are yellow.
Eyes are, too.
Eyes become a deaf person's ears.
Eyes become damp.
Eyes become highly injected.
Eyes become sunken, hair roughened, skin inelastic and doughy, and legs cool to the touch.
Eyes become windows.
Eyes begin to drift noticeably, require retraining of eyes on object being viewed.
Eyes begin to form.
Eyes begin to open and fingerprints can be seen.
Eyes begin to open at twenty eight to thirty days.
Eyes begin to open by the fourth or fifth day.
Eyes begin to open.
Eyes behold a grave, where even rulers end.
Eyes blaze, storm clouds weigh heavily on brows, sunny moods turn stormy.
Eyes blink automatically to adjust the fluid pressure in and around the eye.
Eyes blurry saying goodbye at the cemetery.
Eyes breed more eyes, squeezing out it's beauty.
Eyes bug out bigger and jaws drop lower than in any other cartoon in recent history.
Eyes bug out, veins pop.
Eyes burn and smart and become light sensitive.
Eyes burn as the sun, ocean blue to blood red to gold, tears rain down on scarred skin.
Eyes burn like fire .
Eyes burn with coryza.
Eyes burn with stingin' sweat.
Eyes burn with tears and sleeplessness.
Eyes burn, water, and feel tired and sore.
Eyes burst forth.
Eyes can also become infected when a person uses contaminated towels or eye makeup.
Eyes can also become sunken with a vacant expression.
Eyes can also follow a moving object around.
Eyes can be as big as saucers or just tiny dots.
Eyes can be blue, brown, or black.
Eyes can be fully open, half open, or just slightly open letting in two small slits of light.
Eyes can be green or amber, the richer colour the better.
Eyes can be one of many colors.
Eyes can be orange, red or yellow.
Eyes can be oval or triangle shaped as well.
Eyes can be snake or single foot.
Eyes can be tired, dry, bloodshot, infected or itchy to name a few conditions.
Eyes can become red and itchy.
Eyes can bug out.
Eyes can communicate both dominance and submission.
Eyes can follow moving object to middle of face.
Eyes can go from having a minor problem to a big problem in hours.
Eyes can move a computer cursor, and muscles can make music.
Eyes can move independently from each other.
Eyes can narrow.
Eyes can never die.
Eyes can only focus on objects above a certain size.
Eyes can play tricks.
Eyes can react by becoming red, swollen and itchy.
Eyes can read much faster than mouths.
Eyes can reveal sparked interest, fantasy, or disinterest.
Eyes can show such a wide range of emotions that they lend a lot to the personality of characters.
Eyes can sometimes be a problem.
Eyes can talk but they have no voice.
Eyes can vary, and become stylized as with any type of art.
Eyes cast long red filaments at nearby objects.
Eyes catch first glimpses of the surging cascades.
Eyes cause major evolutionary chaos.
Eyes cease to order things.
Eyes change with age.
Eyes Check for colobomas, heterochromia.
Eyes clinch black in diaphragm, pupils blear in light's quick measure home.
Eyes come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Eyes come in variations of brown in harmony with the coat color.
Eyes Commonly project ventrally from head.
Eyes communicate information through eye contact, staring, gazing and blinking.
Eyes connect again - tacitly agreeing on the journey's beauty.
Eyes conspicuously ovate, drawn out anteriorly.
Eyes contain a jelly-like substance called the vitreous.
Eyes contain irises.
Eyes contain pigment.
Eyes contain red pigment.
Eyes contain yellow irises.
Eyes continue to move to the front of the face but are still widely separated.
Eyes control light.
Eyes convey unpleasant feelings through closed eyelids and an averted gaze.
Eyes crane skyward, tracing the rocket as it gets smaller.
Eyes cross or turn out.
Eyes dance delightedly, with the casual spark of knowing.
Eyes dart suspiciously around the room.
Eyes delve into adventure books and magazines.
Eyes detect color.
Eyes detect current.
Eyes detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons.
Eyes detect light, organized into images that fall on the retina.
Eyes detect light.
Eyes detect movement.
Eyes detect shadows.
Eyes differ in size, shape, color, and clarity.
Eyes dim, joints stiff, back feeble.
Eyes diverge with a thunderous clash.
Eyes do seem to roll up, tho hard to see on tape.
Eyes don t usually become red.
Eyes draw together.
Eyes duct surgery for dry eyes.
Eyes evolve into seeds of shine.
Eyes evolve so rapidly that the chances of finding a partially developed eye is negligible.
Eyes face more forward.
Eyes face other risks in addition to injuries.
Eyes feel drawn.
Eyes feel gritty, get red, pain and water .
Eyes feel hot.
Eyes feel pressed apart.
Eyes feel small.
Eyes fill with scarlet tears.
Eyes filled with despair begin to shine as they realized there was hope.
Eyes fix on victim.
Eyes flash open in the bright morning sun.
Eyes flash when the phone rings.
Eyes focus independently as well.
Eyes focus on target.
Eyes focus, brain begins to hear sounds, and then to break sounds into words.
Eyes follow activities from one side to the other.
Eyes follow ball to target.
Eyes follow eyes that follow eyes that wonderment sees.
Eyes follow the upper hand.
Eyes follow their every moment.
Eyes force people to connect.
Eyes form images.
Eyes function by focusing light onto a surface covered by photosensitive cells.
Eyes function like a camera.
Eyes gather light.
Eyes gaze at the tip of the nose.
Eyes gaze intently forward, locked onto the herd's members.
Eyes get sore.
Eyes give color.
Eyes give way to the soul.
Eyes glaze over and hands and feet begin to twitch before a quavering voice is found.
Eyes glaze over.
Eyes glisten with glad humor.
Eyes glitter with enthusiasm.
Eyes Glow brightly.
Eyes glow red when candle is lit.
Eyes glow with candle light.
Eyes go about half way down head.
Eyes go out.
Eyes go wide.
Eyes grow dim.
Eyes grow heavy and a dreamless sleep polishes off the day.
Eyes grow in tight clumps for a quick dense mound.
Eyes have (part) cone cells.
Eyes have (part) corneas.
Eyes have (part) corpi.
Eyes have (part) eye muscles.
Eyes have (part) eyelashs.
Eyes have (part) eyelids.
Eyes have (part) irises.
Eyes have (part) lens capsules.
Eyes have (part) lens cortexes.
Eyes have (part) lids.
Eyes have (part) lobes.
Eyes have (part) muscle cells.
Eyes have (part) muscle fiber.
Eyes have (part) muscle fibre.
Eyes have (part) orb.
Eyes have (part) retinas.
Eyes have (part) rod cells.
Eyes have (part) tear ducts.
Eyes have (part) tear glands.
Eyes have (part) tear sacs.
Eyes have a dark grey to black iris.
Eyes have a mind of their own.
Eyes have ability.
Eyes have an important role in attention skills.
Eyes have black pupil, red iris.
Eyes have blind spots.
Eyes have color.
Eyes have cone cell types.
Eyes have cones.
Eyes have corneas.
Eyes have crystalline cones.
Eyes have diameters.
Eyes have different color.
Eyes have discharge.
Eyes have eyelids.
Eyes Have It Self Help for better vision.
Eyes have km diameters.
Eyes have layers.
Eyes have lenses.
Eyes have lids.
Eyes have magnitudes.
Eyes have most of beauty in man kind .
Eyes have movable lids.
Eyes have muscles.
Eyes have no tear ducts yet, they appear a few weeks after birth.
Eyes have pupils.
Eyes have retinas.
Eyes have single lenses.
Eyes have spots.
Eyes have strong muscles.
Eyes have their own expressions.
Eyes have thick corneas.
Eyes have third eyelids.
Eyes have to in a way pop out as much as possible from the head.
Eyes have transparent eyelids.
Eyes have types.
Eyes have vision.
Eyes hold suspicion.
Eyes is started.
Eyes keep looking up.
Eyes keep sinking everyday and are surrounded by dark circles.
Eyes lack facets and pigment.
Eyes laugh and lips sing.
Eyes lie behind the midlength of the head.
Eyes light up and hands shoot up all over the room.
Eyes light up as children hear stories by enthusiastic volunteers.
Eyes light up for that robotic look.
Eyes light up the smiles appear in the presence of such natural treasures.
Eyes light up, the interest is intense.
Eyes locate food.
Eyes lock around the room in confusion.
Eyes lock on the creature, and an awed hush descends.
Eyes locked together, the women whisper the joyous affirmation.
Eyes look a little dark because of the photography.
Eyes look at shoes.
Eyes Look at the color of the white part of the eyes.
Eyes look better if they are fairly close together.
Eyes look forward.
Eyes look like eyes.
Eyes look over the hands towards the pitch of the ball.
Eyes look straight ahead.
Eyes lose the ability to focus close up.
Eyes lose their moistness.
Eyes Make the eyes from the heel of the second sock as in figure D .
Eyes match up pretty well.
Eyes meet and lock, hearts soar as birds.
Eyes meet and search the face in meeting with lips bent.
Eyes meet as souls look away.
Eyes meet, and in a flash, an odd admixture of sadness and duty reflect.
Eyes meet, dreams dissolve.
Eyes move across and to right when lying.
Eyes move around a lot.
Eyes move at a rapid pace.
Eyes move behind eyelids too heavy to raise.
Eyes move from left to right and top to bottom.
Eyes move up and to the right when lying.
Eyes moving anywhere else indicates a lie.
Eyes needs touch up, has wig.
Eyes Never Lie.
Eyes never move upward to retrieve information likely to be making it up.
Eyes Never wink at a woman.
Eyes Never wink at anyone.
Eyes now are harder edged and less smudgy.
Eyes now pierce expressions, seeking greater meaning.
Eyes now turn to Europe to see if investors there take their cue from Tokyo or the United States.
Eyes observe the shadowplay while the mind takes in eleven journies through sheer atmospherics.
Eyes occupy the most prominent place among the five sensory organs of our body.
Eyes occur in varying degrees near the outside surface of any nodular banded agate.
Eyes only see things outside, objective things.
Eyes open an birth.
Eyes open up at the worst possible time.
Eyes open wide to the colors of the tall mountains, ears listen to the sound of the flowing waters.
Eyes open wider, noses begin to sniff, and ears perk up.
Eyes open wider.
Eyes orange shading to red.
Eyes pale yellow and bills and feet black.
Eyes peer from the under- growth.
Eyes peer in and graves freshly dug falter under the rain.
Eyes peer out eerily from the side of the broad head.
Eyes peer out of the seaweed that gently sways Above the towers and salt gates of a lost world.
Eyes pop back open.
Eyes pop open at the slightest sound heard in the room.
Eyes pop out and skulls with chopping teeth grin beneath clay skins.
Eyes pop with red.
Eyes possess a golden upper iris.
Eyes possess their own biological clocks.
Eyes produce poisonous substances.
Eyes produce substances.
Eyes produce unpleasant substances.
Eyes provide the most important of bass senses, eyesight.
Eyes reach full growth in middle childhood and eye exams are needed.
Eyes reach maturity in both size and function.
Eyes receive light - light being a type of energy.
Eyes redden due to dilation of the vessels in the cornea.
Eyes reflect emotion.
Eyes remain focused on the ball.
Eyes remain open.
Eyes remain shut for about five days.
Eyes Remove individual to fresh air.
Eyes replace brain.
Eyes respond to light, while ears respond to sounds originating outside uterus.
Eyes respond to movement.
Eyes reveal brightness and sensitivity.
Eyes roll back in their sockets.
Eyes roll back into the head and thought processes short-circuit.
Eyes roll back, mouth foams.
Eyes roll back.
Eyes roll, but the messenger has their attention.
Eyes run out of phase with the past, right here always present.
Eyes scan across, and land on neighbor.
Eyes see .
Eyes see and ears hear as wind blows and water flows.
Eyes see flash light.
Eyes see giants.
Eyes see inwards, blistered and yellow.
Eyes see light.
Eyes see stone but for all time.
Eyes see storms.
Eyes see the prowling lion.
Eyes see ultraviolet light.
Eyes seem to be half-closed and the well defined mouth is open.
Eyes seem to be important cues to other animals.
Eyes seem to brighten and smiles widen.
Eyes seem to give away or hide secrets.
Eyes seem to protrude.
Eyes sense light.
Eyes set high on the head.
Eyes set too wide.
Eyes set well apart, almond shaped, medium-sized.
Eyes set well apart, very large, black, prominent, and well open.
Eyes set well forward of the midline of the sides of the head.
Eyes set wide apart, medium in size, never too prominent.
Eyes shift inward.
Eyes show color.
Eyes show green color.
Eyes show light color.
Eyes show pale color.
Eyes show presence of a definite subconjunctival haemorrhage.
Eyes signal problems well before a tumour erupts.
Eyes sit in skulls.
Eyes sit in sockets.
Eyes sit on fronts.
Eyes sparkle forever.
Eyes stare straight ahead into infinity.
Eyes stare, bodies tremble.
Eyes start to glaze over when confronted by numbers with lots of zeros.
Eyes start to sparkle again.
Eyes start with slices of white onion held to the cabbage with straight pins.
Eyes still peer out.
Eyes study patterns on a paneled floor.
Eyes suffer from the sun as well.
Eyes surcingle a stream of light.
Eyes symbolize knowledge .
Eyes symbolize perceptiveness, personal outlook, clairvoyance, curiosity, and knowledge.
Eyes tear excessively.
Eyes tend to be shallow but prominent because of reduced russeting in the immediate vicinity.
Eyes tend to be small, narrow or sunken, dark brown or gray in color, with dull luster.
Eyes tend to get dry when they're strained and dryness can cause eyestrain.
Eyes -There are two main type of eyes in anime.
Eyes transfix on sexuality.
Eyes truly ARE the windows to the soul.
Eyes turn because of the function of six eye muscles.
Eyes turn down.
Eyes turn moist and then wavy.
Eyes turn to catch the movement and ears and minds open.
Eyes turn to the teacher.
Eyes turn weird when the anime person feels different emotions.
Eyes vary from well executed looking forward to a dot floating in an empty hole.
Eyes View quarterly birding newsletter.
Eyes view, witness, notice, watch and spy while mouths talk, pout, utter, and express.
Eyes Wash hands with soap and water to avoid further irritation to the eye.
Eyes Wash with generous quantities of water.
Eyes wide open now, more attentive, just more of everything.
Eyes Wide open.
Eyes widen at the variety of comestibles on display.
Eyes widen, and smiles grow.
Eyes win semiais.
Eyes work a lot like a camera.
Eye always begins a fall hunt at dawn, close to a roost.
Eyes frequently give away the location of a prey.
Eyes often have a slant to the openings and extra skin at the middle corner.
Eyes usually remain dark.
All eyes are blind until they have been opened, and all ears deaf till they have learned desire.
All eyes are closed.
All eyes are constantly on the goals and the scoreboards.
All eyes are myth.
All eyes are now on Japan.
All eyes are now on Jerusalem, where many religions have their roots, and where holy war threatens.
All eyes are now on the American consumer and their reaction to events.
All eyes are now on the companies shortlisted for the first round of privatization.
All eyes are now on the hockey team.
All eyes are now on the second round of the elections.
All eyes are on a first round match between Bosnia and Serbia.
All eyes are on a high speed rail project that's gaining traction.
All eyes are on Florida.
All eyes are on Japan.
All eyes are on Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary.
All eyes are on second-quarter guidance.
All eyes are on Swedish guitarist.
All eyes are on Tampa, site of the next Super Bowl.
All eyes are on the ball as it is deftly nudged through the five cones.
All eyes are on the data warehouse manager.
All eyes are on the field and the players.
All eyes are on the firebrand editor now.
All eyes are on the fuel lobby s next move.
All eyes are on the leaders during craft time.
All eyes are on the moderator.
All eyes are on the new government in expectations of new measures to stimulate the recovery.
All eyes are on the official on the face-off.
All eyes are on the other side of the clouds, waiting for the German crew to emerge.
All eyes are on the performers.
All eyes are on the quarterbacks.
All eyes are on the valley's newest high school.
All eyes are on the victor.
All eyes are on the viewscreen.
All eyes are on the water.
All eyes are on the weather.
All eyes are on Woods.
All eyes are set on the referee, muscles and nerves are extremely tense.
All eyes are skywards as the villagers wait tensely for the life-giving drops from the heavens.
All eyes are today on Gujarat.
All eyes dart towards the kitchen.
All eyes fall on Florida and eagerly await who they vote our next president.
All eyes fix on flailing arms.
All eyes fix themselves on the extravagantly dressed lady wrapped in furs and draped with pearls.
All eyes focus intently ahead, as the lights go up on an event three long years in the making.
All eyes focus on the center of the darkened platform.
All eyes focus.
ALL EYES have at least SOME astigmatism.
All eyes have measurable pressure.
All eyes look to the homeland.
All eyes receive slightly varying wavelength ranges, but usually detect from violet through red.
All eyes reflect light well because the path for light always works in both directions.
All eyes rest on the choir members, especially when they stand to sing.
All eyes see one Mind.
All eyes seem to be on the customer.
All eyes stare intently at the small woman in the rocking chair at the top of the circle.
All eyes strain to peirce the darkness ahead, but to no avail.
All eyes trail it as it ascends to the winds over the city.
All eyes turn on the party when they enter.
All eyes turn to it.
All eyes turn to the approximate place, as a couple of people shout directions.
All eyes turn to the network administrators and IT staff, who are already overworked.
All eyes turn to the previously unnoticed sound guy sitting sheepishly at the back of the church.
All eyes turn to the south.
All eyes turn to the viewscreen.
All eyes turn upward.
All eyes turn, staring into the distance.
All eyes watch the lights which indicated the rod's position.
Any eye drops, even nonprescription ones, can interact with all types of contact lenses.
Any eye tearing is to be removed.
Every eye beams an unusual radiance.
Every eye is amazing, no matter which creature it is on.
Every eye is connected to every one of the five neurons of the first layer.
Every eye is different and therefore the ocular focus is very important.
Every eye is fastened upon the stranger.
Every eye is riveted on that issue.
Many eye diseases first effect side vision, which is difficult for most people to notice.
Many eyes are more likely to find food and avoid predators.
Many eyes are on China's re-absorption of Europe's last Asian colony.
Many eyes are on Prague today.
Many eyes betray the words their mouths are forced to speak.
Many eyes follow a cursor around the screen.
Many eyes make all bugs shallow.
Many eyes make for more stable programs.
More eyes help.
More eyes looking at the code gives fewer bugs and thus higher quality.
More eyes mean more hawks.
More eyes watch and more ears listen than most executives imagine.
Most eyes are basically round like a baseball.
Most eyes are closed by eyelids.
Most eyes are closed by third eyelids.
Most eyes are hand made and there is a wide variation so match the eyes at the time of purchase.
Most eyes are on South Africa, Zimbabwe's main trading partner and increasingly a regional power.
Most eyes are on the presidential contests in both major parties.
Most eyes contain irises.
Most eyes contain pigment.
Most eyes contain red pigment.
Most eyes contain yellow irises.
Most eyes control light.
Most eyes detect color.
Most eyes detect current.
Most eyes detect light.
Most eyes detect movement.
Most eyes detect shadows.
Most eyes form images.
Most eyes give color.
Most eyes have ability.
Most eyes have blind spots.
Most eyes have color.
Most eyes have cones.
Most eyes have corneas.
Most eyes have crystalline cones.
Most eyes have diameters.
Most eyes have different color.
Most eyes have discharge.
Most eyes have eyelids.
Most eyes have km diameters.
Most eyes have layers.
Most eyes have lenses.
Most eyes have lids.
Most eyes have magnitudes.
Most eyes have movable lids.
Most eyes have muscles.
Most eyes have retinas.
Most eyes have single lenses.
Most eyes have spots.
Most eyes have strong muscles.
Most eyes have thick corneas.
Most eyes have third eyelids.
Most eyes have transparent eyelids.
Most eyes have types.
Most eyes have vision.
Most eyes hold suspicion.
Most eyes look like eyes.
Most eyes maintain some central vision, and almost all retain peripheral vision.
Most eyes produce poisonous substances.
Most eyes produce substances.
Most eyes produce unpleasant substances.
Most eyes respond to movement.
Most eyes see flash light.
Most eyes see light.
Most eyes see ultraviolet light.
Most eyes sense light.
Most eyes show color.
Most eyes show green color.
Most eyes show light color.
Most eyes show pale color.
Most eyes sit in skulls.
Most eyes sit in sockets.
Most eyes sit on fronts.
Some eye diseases cause blindness.
Some eye diseases, such as diabetic retinopathy, can develop and damage the eye without warning.
Some eye drops combine a vasoconstrictor and an antihistamine.
Some eye muscles change shapes.
Some eyes are behind black carapaces.
Some eyes are behind carapaces.
Some eyes are colorblind.
Some eyes are covered by flaps.
Some eyes are different colors, some are a different shape.
Some eyes are more sensitive than others.
Some eyes are near tops.
Some eyes are part of faces.
Some eyes are part of heads.
Some eyes detect symptoms.
Some eyes detect waves.
Some eyes fail to dilate well with drops.
Some eyes follow falcons.
Some eyes have an unnerving intensity or impact.
Some eyes have arcs.
Some eyes have dark patches.
Some eyes have degree arcs.
Some eyes have fields.
Some eyes have fur.
Some eyes have gleams.
Some eyes have great disadvantage.
Some eyes have irregular surfaces.
Some eyes have light.
Some eyes have lower pressure.
Some eyes have membranes.
Some eyes have patches.
Some eyes have pressure.
Some eyes have protective membranes.
Some eyes have reflective surfaces.
Some eyes have rings.
Some eyes have surfaces.
Some eyes have white fur.
Some eyes help light.
Some eyes help lizards.
Some eyes produce powerful toxins.
Some eyes produce toxins.
Some eyes protect heads.
Some eyes really do sparkle and dance.
Some eyes rest on tips.
Some eyes retain values.
Some eyes scorch like fire, to weave enchanting webs.
Some eyes secrete dark sticky substances.
Some eyes secrete sticky substances.
Some eyes sheath an inner glow, bright by their own light.
An eyeball is a capsule
Eyeball encompasses field of vision.
Eyeball guarantees the best possible video quality for any device over any Internet connection.
Eyeball is to long.
Eyeball is too short.
Eyeball uses both menu options and mouse actions to access and navigate databases.
Eyeballs also are unique biometrics identifiers.
Eyeballs are capsules.
Eyeballs are out and profits are in.
Eyeballs are over.
Eyeballs are part of eyes.
Eyeballs are round and full and look directly forward.
Eyeballs are valuable and becoming more so.
Eyeballs are worth money only because they are attached to wallets.
Eyeballs bring in the money.
Eyeballs explode and dance away.
Eyeballs feel heavy.
Eyeballs oscillate behind closed lids .
Eyeballs win eventually.
An eyebrow is hair
Eyebrow archways with built-up columns and crown moldings in the formal entry.
Eyebrow archways with built-up columns and trim in the formal entry.
Eyebrow is yellow or whitish.
Eyebrow isa hair.
Eyebrows also can compensate for unusual face shapes.
Eyebrows arch in response to the accomplishment.
Eyebrows are a distinctive white.
Eyebrows are a little lite on the ends.
Eyebrows are a very significant aspect of our appearance.
Eyebrows are also one of our most expressive facial features.
Eyebrows are also part of our eye expressions and can accent the feelings expressed.
Eyebrows are bushy.
Eyebrows are deep brown.
Eyebrows are eyes.
Eyebrows are hair.
Eyebrows are highly concentrated at the apical end .
Eyebrows are of strong, straight hair.
Eyebrows are part of faces.
Eyebrows are ro gh and off-standing.
Eyebrows are shaded and brushed softly.
Eyebrows are the most important features in the face.
Eyebrows are the only features that droop, the rest of face is just numb.
Eyebrows are thick medially and sparse laterally.
Eyebrows are tinted for a fuller, darker look.
Eyebrows begin above the inner corner of the eye, and taper off to nothing.
Eyebrows begin to form.
Eyebrows curve close and uneven above.
Eyebrows grow back.
Eyebrows have (part) corpi.
Eyebrows have (part) sections.
Eyebrows have (part) widow's peaks.
Eyebrows have other roles also.
Eyebrows protect the eyes , if water runs over the face or if there is too much sunlight .
Eyebrows protect the eyes, if water runs over the face or if there is too much sunlight.
Eyebrows rise like a cobra about to strike on the faces of everyone else.
Eyebrows shade direct sunlight and keep interiors cooler.
Eyebrows signal our mental thoughts.
Eyebrows start dancing, but no one's really getting excited.
Eyebrows tell a lot about a person's mood.
Some eyebrows are part of faces.
Some eyebrows are part of heads.
Eyed wear is fashion with a message.
An eyedrop is irrigation
Eyedrops accelerate the aging process.
Eyedrops are drops.
Eyedrops are the most common form of treatment.
Eyedrops Bring 'em to combat pepper spray, tear gas, and fatigue.
Some eyedrops reduce the amount of fluid made by the eye.
Eyeglass frames can also play a role in eye safety.
An eyeglass is a lens
Eyeglasses are a multi billion dollar a year industry in the United States alone.
Eyeglasses are acceptable.
Eyeglasses are an example of calm technology.
Eyeglasses are as fun as they are fashionable.
Eyeglasses are corrective lenses set in frames, compensating for focussing problems of the eye.
Eyeglasses are OK, for example.
Eyeglasses are our specialty.
Eyeglasses are really just another type of lens.
Eyeglasses are the easiest and safest method of correction.
Eyeglasses are the traditional choice for correcting the majority of refractive errors.
Eyeglasses are usually good enough for eye protection.
Eyeglasses can make a person look more mature as well as more intelligent and successful.
Eyeglasses have many models .
Eyeglasses have many models.
Eyeglasses made of titanium are lightweight and durable and often hypo-allergenic.
Eyeglasses offer minimal protection from blowing dust or sand, but airtight goggles are better.
Eyeglasses there are even now that have little screens across which information flows perpetually.
Eyeglasses twinkle on the bureau.
Eyeglasses worn under a dive mask are neither fashionable nor practical.
Eyeglasses usually have to be replaced once a year or so.
Some eyeglasses block blue light from a computer , game , smart phone and TV .
Eyeglasses isa instrument.
Eyeglasseses are part of frames.
Eyeglasseses have (part) lenses.
Eyeglasseses have (part) sections.
Eyelash pit vipers have heads.
Eyelash pit vipers have triangular heads.
Eyelash pit vipers inhabit areas.
Eyelash vipers prey on mammals.
Eyelash vipers prey on small mammals.
Most eyelash vipers prey on mammals.
Most eyelash vipers prey on small mammals.
Some eyelash vipers reach maturity.
Some eyelash vipers reach sexual maturity.
An eyelash is hair
Eyelash isa hair.
Eyelashes also keep sweat out of the eye .
Eyelashes also keep sweat out of the eye.
Eyelashes apply only to the females.
Eyelashes are complete.
Eyelashes are non refundable, returnable or exchangeable.
Eyelashes are short, thick, and curly.
Eyelashes are tinted for a darker or fuller look.
Eyelashes are very important in protecting the eye from dust and debris.
Eyelashes are white.
Eyelashes fall out.
Eyelashes grow like stalks of dark truth.
Eyelashes keep dust and dirt from getting into the eyes.
Eyelashes protect eyes from wind-blown sand.
Eyelashes protect the eyes from foreign objects, and nostril hairs filter air and remove debris.
Eyelashs are hair.
Eyelashs are part of eyelids.
Eyelashs have (part) corpi.
Eyelashs have (part) sections.
Eyelashs have (part) widow's peaks.
Some eyelashs are part of eyelids.
Some eyelashs are part of eyes.
Some eyelashs are part of lids.
Eyelet lace trims the hem.
An eyelet is a hole
Eyelets adorn the front and serve to lace it together.
Eyelets are holes.
Eyelets are part of boots.
Eyelets are part of curtains.
Eyelets are part of garments.
Eyelets are smart and elegant and are proper on everything.
Eyelets hold a silk ribbon tie to enclose potpourri.
Eyelid surgeries Creates a double fold in the Asian upper eye lid.
Eyelid surgery can remove the excess skin and fat pads, providing a rested, youthful appearance.
Eyelid surgery can result in significant bruising in some patients.
Eyelid surgery can rid the patient of constant tearing.
Eyelid surgery does evolve over time.
Eyelid surgery has a very short recovery.
Eyelid surgery is done under sedation and local anesthesia.
Eyelid surgery is performed for many reasons.
Eyelid surgery is usually an outpatient procedure with local anesthesia.
Eyelid surgery removes the bagginess and pouching around the eyes and tightens the loose skin.
Most eyelid surgery is performed in the office or as an outpatient under local anesthesia.
Eyelid twitches are common and practically never mean anything is seriously wrong.
Eyelid weight is unbearable, unignorable.
An eyelid is a flap
Eyelid isa tissue.
Eyelids almost cover the eyes as the subject looks down.
Eyelids almost cover the eyes.
Eyelids appear red and irritated, with scales that cling to the base of the eyelashes.
Eyelids are absent.
Eyelids are body parts.
Eyelids are close fitting with black rims.
Eyelids are close fitting, and eye rims match nose pigment.
Eyelids are close-fitting, and eye rims are brown.
Eyelids are close-fitting, and eye rims are dark.
Eyelids are close-fitting, and eye rims match the nose pigment.
Eyelids are crucial to the health of one's eyes.
Eyelids are droopy, perhaps slowly closing periodically as the person nods off.
Eyelids are droopy.
Eyelids are especially sensitive.
Eyelids are eyes.
Eyelids are fine, with dark pigment.
Eyelids are lavender.
Eyelids are open by two weeks.
Eyelids are part of eyes.
Eyelids are protective covering.
Eyelids are sneaky that way.
Eyelids are the issue.
Eyelids are tight with pigment to match the nose color.
Eyelids are tight.
Eyelids are too thin to protect eyes from the UV rays tanning beds emit.
Eyelids are very dark in color and are tight, never sagging.
Eyelids become prominent and the pinna of the ear takes shape.
Eyelids become prominent.
Eyelids begin to form.
Eyelids begin to open, and the retinas begin to form.
Eyelids begin to part and the eyes open.
Eyelids begin to part as the eyes open.
Eyelids begin to separate.
Eyelids commonly exhibit epicanthic folds.
Eyelids cover eyes.
Eyelids cover their eyes.
Eyelids develop and forelegs emerge.
Eyelids draw up, with grinding gears cut off all dream traffic open now to steaming rage.
Eyelids dry, with smarting pain.
Eyelids fit tightly.
Eyelids grow heavy and then a yawn, in the distance plays a muffled song.
Eyelids have (part) corpi.
Eyelids have (part) eyelashs.
Eyelids have (part) sections.
Eyelids have to be forcibly kept open to ensure effective washing.
Eyelids have to be forcibly opened to ensure effective washing behind the eyelid.
Eyelids keep the eyes from drying out when asleep .
Eyelids keep the eyes from drying out when asleep.
Eyelids meet and close.
Eyelids move separately too.
Eyelids move tears across the eyes.
Eyelids protect and lubricate the eye's anterior surface.
Eyelids protect animals.
Eyelids protect eyes.
Eyelids seem dry.
Eyelids stands up to re-reading, and that's always the acid test.
Eyelids start to get heavy, weighed down by an overdose of bacon fat and political promises.
Eyelids stick to balls.
Eyelids stick together by the exudate or an accumulation of cheesy exudate in the conjunctival sac.
Eyelids stick together.
Eyelids typically heal quickly with little scarring.
Eyelids whitish, edged with black.
Most eyelids cover eyes.
Most eyelids protect animals.
Most eyelids protect eyes.
Some eyelids are part of eyes.
Some eyelids are part of faces.
Some eyelids detect light.
An eyepatch is a covering
Eyepatches are appropriate both for temorary or permanent.
Eyepiece quality is very important as well.
An eyepiece is a lens
Eyepiece isa lens.
Eyepiece isa lense.
Eyepieces are also important to a good set of binoculars.
Eyepieces are available in different powers, yielding differing amounts of magnification.
Eyepieces are Fully Coated.
Eyepieces are lenses.
Eyepieces are one of the key feature of a telescope and can make or break a night of observing.
Eyepieces are part of light microscopes.
Eyepieces are part of optical telescopes.
Eyepieces are part of sight.
Eyepieces are relatively cheap.
Eyepieces are units that fit into a telescope, and vary in design and focal length.
Eyepieces are very often the major limiting factor in the view their scopes are able to provide.
Eyepieces can vary greatly in quality.
Eyepieces come in a bewildering variety of designs with exotic names.
Eyepieces come in a great variety of optical types.
Eyepieces come in three standard barrel diameters.
Eyepieces focus individually.
Eyepieces have (part) infrastructures.
Eyepieces have (part) sections.
Eyepieces have much shorter focal lengths than objective lenses.
Eyepieces let observers select the magnification of their telescopes.
Eyepieces love it there.
Eyepieces magnify the image formed by the telescope's objective lens or mirror.
Eyepieces move apart or closer together for convenience.
Eyepieces provide a focused image for the eye that the brain then interprets.
Eyepieces too are prone to dewing.
All eyepieces have a relative magnification - written on the side of the barrel.
Many eyepieces offer multicoated optics.
Most eyepieces have threads on the inside of the barrel at the end near the field lens.
Some eyepieces are part of binocularses.
Some eyepieces are part of flagpoles.
Some eyepieces are part of guns.
Some eyepieces are part of pistols.
Some eyepieces are part of rifles.
Some eyepieces are part of transits.
Eyes Eyes are dark, small, almond-shaped and sunken, displaying a scowling expression.
EYES Eyes are interesting.
Eyes Eyes are large round and set apart.
Eyes Eyes are large, slightly oval, neither protruding or sunk.
Eyes Eyes are moderately large, walnut shaped, oval on top and round on bottom.
EYES Eyes are preferably dark or hazel in color.
Eyes Eyes are the photoreceptive organs par excellence.
Eyes Eyes follow the mouse.
An eyeshade is a brim
Eyeshades are nice too.
Eyeshades can also do the trick.
An eyeshadow is makeup
Eyeshadows are availible in refillable domes and compacts.
Eyeshadows are makeup.
All eyeshadows are availible in refillable domes and compacts.
All eyeshadows are availible in refillavle domes and compacts.
All eyeshadows are hypoallergenic and mineral oil free.
All eyeshadows are hypoallergienic and mineral oil free.
An eyesight is vision
Eyesight isa sight.
Eyesight isa vision.
Eyesight kicks in and the fish starts looking for potential meals.
Eyesight mounts the curving ridge.
Eyesights help animals.
Eyesights help other animals.
Eyesights help predators.
Eyesights play major roles.
Eyesights play roles.
Most eyesights help animals.
Most eyesights help other animals.
Most eyesights help predators.
Most eyesights play major roles.
Most eyesights play roles.
An eyespot is a marking
Eyespot causes small, round spots with a brown border surrounded by a a yellow halo.
Eyespot consists of a photoreceptor protein which absorbs light energy.
Eyespot isa decoration.
Eyespot isa ornament.
Eyespot occurs in cool, moist climates where fall-sown cereals predominate.
Eyespots are found in nearly all major animal groups .
Eyespots are found in nearly all major animal groups.
Eyespots are marking.
Eyespots are of equal distance from the outer edge of wing.
Eyespots can only distinguish light from dark .
Eyespots can only distinguish light from dark.
Eyespots contain pigment.
Eyespots contain red pigment.
Eyespots have (part) sections.
Eyespots present in adults are functionless.
Most eyespots contain pigment.
Most eyespots contain red pigment.
Some eyespots help sunlight.
An eyewash is an application
Eyewash isa medication.
Eyewashes are easily accessible from any part of the laboratory.
Some eyewashes are even portable.
Eyewitness books give readers complete information in short 'blurbs' and captioned pictures.
Eyewitness testimonies indicate that torture and ill treatment is routine and rampant.
Eyewitness testimony is always completely reliable.
Eyewitness testimony is generally unreliable.
Eyewitness testimony is held in high regard by both judges and juries.
Eyewitness testimony is no longer good enough for some.
Eyewitness testimony is the act of reporting from memory about an event previously observed.
Eyewitness testimony is unreliable.
Eyewitness testimony seems like the best possible evidence.
An eyewitness is a spectator
Eyewitness account from one of Cortez' common soldiers.
Eyewitness accounts by soldiers, surgeons, nurses and civilians help describe the horror.
Eyewitness accounts conflict.
Eyewitness accounts from local people who lived by the course or worked there.
Eyewitness accounts Here is the most obvious inconsistency.
Eyewitness accounts of four days that 'shook Geneva in an orgy of party, protests and riots'.
Eyewitness accounts of that still exist.
Eyewitness accounts of what happened differ from police reports.
Eyewitness accounts of what it was like to be in the untamed Texas of the past.
Eyewitness accounts tell of the poor and hungry resorting to eating cats and dogs.
Eyewitness accounts, personality profiles, great battles, interviews, etc.
Eyewitness reports and the observations of relief crews provided evidence to support the estimates.
Eyewitness reports detail sightings of multiple disc-shaped objects flying high in the sky.
Eyewitness reports from Grozny, however, give a different picture.
Eyewitness reports from professionals in the field.
Eyewitness reports from Zanzibar tell of police firing live rounds at unarmed demonstrators.
Eyewitness reports, damage listings, and related items are found in abundance.
Eyewitness responses to leading and misleading questions under the cognitive interview.
Eyewitnesses also testify to extraordinary phenomena regarding changing features of the image.
Eyewitnesses are more reliable if the station initiates the call.
Eyewitnesses are notoriously inaccurate.
Eyewitnesses are spectators.
Eyewitnesses are witnesses.
Eyewitnesses can be unreliable in their testimony, if the questions are framed in a suggestive way.
Eyewitnesses claim that the attackers had knives, swords, sticks and axes.
Eyewitnesses claim the attacker is neither human nor any known animal.
Eyewitnesses contradict each other.
Eyewitnesses describe it moving parallel to the ground.
Eyewitnesses identify the killer.
Eyewitnesses insist it was a band of just three colours, in an eerie reflection of the flag.
Eyewitnesses remember and recount their remarkable first hand experiences.
Eyewitnesses report blood being washed away.
Eyewitnesses report hearing only dumb sound.
Eyewitnesses report long lines of vehicles abandoned near the border areas.
Eyewitnesses report something different.
Eyewitnesses report that plane spiraled straight downward.
Eyewitnesses report that some sheep have their throats ineptly cut in the gutters.
Eyewitnesses report that the gunman fled with an accomplice in a dark high-powered motorcycle.
Eyewitnesses report that the plane exploded in the air.
Eyewitnesses report the maiming of children.
Eyewitnesses say another man was the shooter.
Eyewitnesses say heavy gunfire continued for several hours in the capital Bangui.
Eyewitnesses say hundreds of birds and animals have been spotted dead in the floodwaters.
Eyewitnesses say hundreds of people have fled the military operation.
Eyewitnesses say refugees are now taking crops from local farmers' fields.
Eyewitnesses say that settlers have taken part in the shooting.
Eyewitnesses say that the car rolled five or six times.
Eyewitnesses say the flat edge of the disk often is ringed with red or green lights.
Eyewitnesses say the protest appeared to be well organised.
Eyewitnesses say the rebels walked away freely before the police arrived.
Eyewitnesses say the soldiers are doing just that.
Eyewitnesses say there was no gun, and no gun has been found.
Eyewitnesses say there was no massacre.
Eyewitnesses see or take part in an occurrence.
Eyewitnesses speak of the blinding light and the terrible heat.
Eyewitnesses survey the destruction.
Many eyewitnesses identify wrong person.
Many eyewitnesses report that the night killers speak with a typically French accent.
Most eyewitnesses decribe the area as more of a small depression instead of a crater.
An eyry is a nest
Eyries are usually at least a mile apart.
Ezacc solutions are web-based, scaleable, integrated, and customizable.
Ezyfold applications eliminate large door swing arcs, thus opening up tight galleys and passageways.
F c domains, so that the complex can be pulled down by centrifugation.
F c Keep playing when the screen is refreshed, or halt.
F E Am With a slut that they tow underneath the street lamps.
F factor See fertility factor .
F g do sheoladh is d'uimhir c ntais anseo.
F o is a complex of integral membrane proteins.
F o is a proton channel that spans the inner mitochondrial membrane.
F o is the frequency of interest.
F o is the frequency transmitted by the source.
F side plays amazingly freely.
F statistics are exact.
F units are great runners, too.
F values are target formant frequencies and D values are their corresponding target regions.
F waves are frequently prolonged or absent.
F accelerate the battery s self-discharge characteristics .
F acilitate highly effective team work.
F acilities for smaller gatherings and meetings.
F actoring fees are more expensive than loan interest charged by a banking institution.
F ailing at anything can be a difficult experience.
F ailing students are the result of our failing public school system.
F ailing vehicles for excessive NOx emissions creates a new challenge for Colorado technicians.
F allow on line tracking of the process F better communication as to progress of assignment.
F alls onto concrete and other hard surfaces cause the most severe injuries and deaths.
F amilies A live C onference . . . .
F are acceptable for hexadecimal.
F avours open country near water.
F caps to buffer the voltage generators.
F cause most food-borne illness.
F destroys all enzymes.
F eeding dog food to cats is a common error, especially if dogs and cats are in the same household.
F elisberti G .
F ertilize less often.
F ertilize regularly for the most impressive display of flowers.
F ertilize young trees and shrubs to encourage growth.
F fail both exams, regardless of the laboratory projects.
F falcate Deeply concave and shaped like a sickle.
F favor the development of cyclamen mites.
F fuck up una persona demasiada estupida, muy pendejo, que siempre hacer errores.
F ighting infectious diseases today is much easier than in the past.
F ilter the boiling fish soup.
F increase the risk of turfgrass injury.
F inding out if a desired domain name is already taken is a fairly easy task.
F inish the kata with yoi.
F inishing There are countless ways to finish the final drawings.
F irst off, let's examine the stats.
F irst off, pack light.
F irst off.
F irst some history.
F irst the bad news.
F irst up.
F is a letter
F is bases.
F is letters.
F is part of alphabets.
F ishing stretches start in the garden.
F labels the display seen first.
F lashpoint the frontier where the arts and politics clash.
F look the part today.
F lowers direct or through our network of florists.
F lying from one destination to another in Egypt is safe, quick, cheap and reliable.
F mixes an input value with the current memory state to get a new memory state.
F moves to remand.
F notes failure.
F ocusing helps to change where our lives are stuck.
F ocusing occurs exactly at the interface of body-mind.
F ollow all boating rules of the road.
F ollow the countdown of the space shuttle blast off.
F ollow the directions in the first paragraph above.
F ollow the directions on the modified pectin box or in a no-sugar recipe exactly.
F ollow the install program instructions.
F ollow the instructions below to receive a set of full-color, highly informative visitor magazines.
F ollow the interviewer's lead, answering all questions fully and completely.
F ollow the links above for more information.
F ollow the links at left.
F ollow the links below to jump to specific features.
F ollow the links for the course programs.
F ollow the links to find out more.
F ollow the on-screen instructions.
F ollow the proper procedure for reporting accidents.
F ollow the proper procedures for work in confined spaces.
F ollow the rules of the event or activity at all times.
F ollow the wind on a sailboard and experience the world's fastest growing sport - Windsurfing.
F ollowing confirmation, a church-wide reception is held honoring the confirmands.
F ollowing the descriptive screen, the main menu comes next.
F ollowing the festival of Lanterns, The New Year Season ends.
F ollowing the index entries are numbers.
F ollowing the money trail in politics is much easier than it used to be.
F ollowing the trio, the scherzo is repeated in unchanged form.
F orced landings are one of the most feared scenarios that run through a pilot s mind.
F orge ahead.
F orget about pre-focused spot and crawl after puppy on hands and knees.
F orget about the gigantic tobacco settlements of last summer.
F orget soft money bans.
F orward all paperwork to the designated departments in a timely and efficient manner.
F oster a regular program of pollution prevention planning and auditing .
F oster a regular program of pollution prevention planning and auditing.
F oster the quality of life.
F produce mostly females and lower temperatures produce mostly males.
F ree hot showers and restrooms are also available.
F rom a cat one learns grace, silence, and contentment.
F rom a financial standpoint, the road to becoming a physician has long been a balancing act.
F rom a musical viewpoint, the dhodro banam is a simple instrument.
F rom a single home page to full web site with hundreds of pages.
F rom a small fruit, an empire History is a series of erasures.
F rom our Listeners Thanks for putting the prayers in both Polish and English on the web .
F rom our perspective, wilderness packing is the highest function for llamas.
F rom our point of view, the most telling story is that of human sperm.
F rom the admissions process to the graduation ceremony.
F rom the air, the city looks massively packed with concrete buildings.
F rom the beginning the company was concerned with the comfort and welfare of the passengers.
F rom the coastal zone, the land rises to a plateau of dense equatorial forest and swamp.
F rom the family car to the largest off-road commercial equipment.
F rom the front door of Colorado.
F rom the heart of Limerick city, Ireland, comes the exciting Celtic glass artistry.
F rom the interior, the vault resembles sets of fans.
F rom the intimate view of locals.
F rom the lobby, four glass elevators lead to patient rooms on upper levels.
F rom the most conservative to the most flashy.
F rom the outside the home definitely seems like modern sculpture.
F rom the past.
F rom the point of view of the saver, stability of financial markets is equally important.
F rom the side, the nearer stapler looks fine.
F rom the Special menu, choose Settings.
F rom the standpoint of the user rather than the historian there are also problems.
F rom the traditional and ornate to the high tech, the range is architectural and decorative.
F rostbite Blue shades, and shades of white.
F rspel och gavotte.
F sets up just such a breeding ground.
F specifies it completely.
F specifies that the file contains fixed-length records.
F stars only.
F starts to show the very slightest of color and is the transitional color to the next group.
F stop feeding.
Fs are all equivalent to one another.
Fs are amongst the highest reported for any environmental organic contaminants.
Fs have more than nine drinks per week.
VEs also bear an important public relations burden.
VEs are usually members of local or regional radio clubs.
VEs have the option of using our tests or designing their own examinations.
VEs propose different kinds of interactions and real time display update.
Fs often have major problems with class attendance and the completion of assignments.
Some VEs already provide specific behavior to virtual entities.
F.O.B point is Cincinnati, Ohio.
FA cells are hypersensitive to DNA alkylating agents.
FA cells exhibit a high sensitivity towards oxygen.
Fa fresco refers to the weather.
Many FA patients develop acute myelogenous leukemia.
Many FA patients show no other abnormalities.
A fa is a syllable
FA indicates failure in a course caused by an excessive number of absences.
Fa is clockwise - negative.
Fa is flow to the solidity of shama.
Fa is the first art, the most humane art.
Fa refers to Fast Ethernet.
FAs have a unique role.
FAs improve behavioral interventions for two reasons .
FAs improve behavioral interventions for two reasons.
FAs seem too limited.
FAs usually have a PhD in mathematics.
Some FAs have extensive educational requirements.
Fab fragment is imaged, using a volumetrically defined mid-interfacial surface.
Fab fragments are quite appropriate if they have normal renal function or near normal.
Fababean plants make high quality silage.
Faberge eggs are jewelry made in the shape of eggs.
Faberge eggs are probably the most widely-recognized ornamental eggs.
Faberge eggs are, as a rule, polarizing things.
Fabian creationism strikes out again.
Fabian begins to laugh slyly.
Fabio fandom is just that.
Fabio photos go in the small one.
Fable Improvement following suicidal crisis means that the risk is over.
Fable People seem to have great difficulty living in the moment.
A fable is a story
Fables appear independently in ancient Indian and Mediterranean cultures.
Fables are a good source of wisdom, tact and other noble means.
Fables are a part of oral culture that survives in our own.
Fables are a specific type of folktale, usually about animals behaving as people.
Fables are about moral and ethical problems.
Fables are common in folklore and children's literature.
Fables are evil when they are used to discredit faith and destroy hope in the future.
Fables are short stories full of action that always include a lesson.
Fables are short stories which teach a lesson and are often about animals.
Fables are short stories with morals which feature animals acting as humans.
Fables are short, the resolution is quick, and the morale is stated at the end of the tale.
Fables are simple tales intended to convey a certain moral or truth.
Fables are stories with a moral.
Fables are stories.
Fables are valuable, and actually help bind cultures together.
Fables are video games.
Fables end with a moral, a short, pithy saying that summarizes the lesson of the story.
Fables Has a bibliography and links to other fable sites.
Fables have a strange way of harnessing the truth.
Fables hopes to be a catalyst for creating or fostering that love.
Fables invariably convey a message.
Fables is a good one for adults to enjoy.
Fables teach human wisdom through fairy-tale like stories with speaking trees and animal.
Fables tell about one incident.
Fables tell how the fox likes to appear as women.
Fables often end with a lesson to be learned.
All fables contain a moral.
Many fables are so well-known that their morals have become English sayings .
Many fables are so well-known that their morals have become English sayings.
Most fables are fiction.
Some fables are quite old.
Fabric blends can be a good thing.
Fabric conditioner is released automatically during the rinse cycle.
Fabric filter removes any leftover tiny ash particles.
Fabric filters remain an important aspect of our business.
Fabric filters use bags of fibers that trap particles much like a vacuum bag.
Fabric safety remains of paramount importance.
Fabric softener can irritate mucous membranes.
Fabric softener does just what it s name implies - it softens fabric.
Fabric softener reduces static cling, minimizes wrinkling and softens clothes.
Fabric softener replaces some of the lubricants.
Fabric softeners are a common offending agent.
Fabric softeners are cationic.
Fabric softeners can be a source of unknown stains.
Fabric softeners can reduce static electricity.
Fabric softeners come as liquids, dryer sheets, and in dryer dispensers.
Fabric softeners reduce absorbency if used too often.
Fabric softeners reduce static cling, minimize wrinkling and soften clothes.
Fabric softeners reduce static, minimize wrinkling, and softens clothes.
Fabric structures provide a roofing system that, unlike other roofs, is translucent.
Fabric waste is said to be reduced dramatically.
Fabric consists of components.
Fabric contains fiber.
Fabric contains hydrophilic fiber.
Fabric cover entirely removable.
Fabric covers easily remove for cleaning or changing.
Fabric feels like cotton or a cotton blend.
Fabric has (part) hems.
Fabric has (part) sections.
Fabric has density.
Fabric has lower basis weight.
Fabric has materials.
Fabric has properties.
Fabric has reinforce materials.
Fabric has structures.
Fabric has weight.
Fabric is an artifact
Fabric is artifacts.
Fabric is located in clothing stores.
Fabric is located in curtains.
Fabric is located in stores.
Fabric is made of fiber.
Fabric is made of materials.
Fabric is made of natural materials.
Fabric is made of such materials.
Fabric is made of thread.
Fabric is made of wool.
Fabric is part of sofas.
Fabric is smooths.
Fabric is used for clothing.
Fabric is used for curtains.
Fabric is used for rags.
Fabric is used for sails.
Fabric is used for upholstery.
Fabric isa artifact.
Fabric lasts longer, but costs more than paper.
Fabric looks more elegant, whereas vinyl can look cheap.
Fabric looks much darker wet than it does dry.
Fabric makes from fiber.
Fabric makes from natural fiber.
Fabric provides protection.
Fabric retains air.
Fabric showing between the cable row is probably the biggest no-no in smocking.
Fabric shown is sold out.
Fabric shows abrasion resistance.
Fabric shows resistance.
Fabric stretches more on the crosswise grain than on the lengthwise grain.
Fabric turns as needles knit on the top.
Fabric weaves from fiber.
Fabric weaves from fibre.
Fabrics absorb the dye differently.
Fabrics are a big part of our business.
Fabrics are again ultra-lightweight, including cotton mixed with hemp, linen and viscose.
Fabrics are authentic durable African cottons, easy to pack, easy to wash and line dry.
Fabrics are available in a wide range of colors, weights, and widths to fit designs.
Fabrics are available through quilt shops and mail order catalogs.
Fabrics are classy too.
Fabrics are colorfast and dimensionally stable.
Fabrics are durable, weatherproof, warm and allow the feet to 'breathe'.
Fabrics are first quality and guaranteed free of defects.
Fabrics are generally softer and bulkier than worsteds.
Fabrics are heavy.
Fabrics are hemmed around the perimeter and grommets are every two feet.
Fabrics are hence colourful.
Fabrics are high quality.
Fabrics are high speed wind and rain tested for optimum performance.
Fabrics are important clues when studying history and that of interchange between regions.
Fabrics are light, neutral and sleek.
Fabrics are lightweight and flirty, soft and filmy or sheer and sweet.
Fabrics are lush and saturated with color.
Fabrics are machine washable and colorfast.
Fabrics are machine washable.
Fabrics are marine-grade vinyls.
Fabrics are natural, wool, cashmere, cotton and silk.
Fabrics are non-toxic and baby safe.
Fabrics are obviously very soft, lightweight and sheer for summer evenings.
Fabrics are only available through quilt shops and mail order catalogs.
Fabrics are organzas, chiffons, silks and satins with minimal embellishments.
Fabrics are performance-oriented, too.
Fabrics are polyester chiffon, finished with a smooth serged and rolled hem.
Fabrics are quilt quality at a mid range price with more being added all the time.
Fabrics are rich and varied.
Fabrics are sensitive.
Fabrics are so diaphanous that strategic embroidery is sometimes the only chastening factor.
Fabrics are soft and floaty and, although slimline, they're never tight.
Fabrics are soft and shiny.
Fabrics are soft, sometimes silvery and high-tech.
Fabrics are soft, they slip on the body and become stiff only where necessary.
Fabrics are stretch velvet.
Fabrics are subject to availabilty.
Fabrics are sumptuous and contrast with the coat.
Fabrics are superb.
Fabrics are teflon coated, and many come resin coated for water resistance.
Fabrics are the big items that people are looking for.
Fabrics are the greatest.
Fabrics are to have been prewashed.
Fabrics are usually bulky with a wool-like finish.
Fabrics are usually cotton, silk, rayon, and wool in subtle colors.
Fabrics are very lightweight, frequently diaphanous.
Fabrics become flimsy creating feather-like dresses, ready to disappear at the first puff of wind.
Fabrics can be fun, sumptuous, elegant or homey.
Fabrics can be sheer, smooth or slightly textured - heavy textures are out.
Fabrics can be solid, print or painted.
Fabrics can fade and dolls turn odd colors.
Fabrics can follow several different paths on each model to accomodate a range of fabric weights.
Fabrics cleaned by natural methods smell fresh and tend to be cleaner, softer and brighter.
Fabrics combine shades of green and brown in restful harmony.
Fabrics come from Italy, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.
Fabrics come in hundreds of weights and weaves.
Fabrics continue to add the soft design touch to all shutters, blinds, and shades.
Fabrics continue to be the key influence in consumer buying decisions.
Fabrics deteriorate with age and can become extremely fragile.
Fabrics differ in their protection barrier although cotton tends to be more protective.
Fabrics fade less and stains are reduced with ozone.
Fabrics feel better on the body.
Fabrics furnish increased performance, extremely high bandwidths and redundancy.
Fabrics look brighter, feel softer, and smell fresh.
Fabrics look brighter, feel softer, smell fresher.
Fabrics look different under the fluorescent lights of a shop than they do in natural light.
Fabrics made of polypropylene, fleeced polyester or wool are best.
Fabrics made of wool and polypropylene are good.
Fabrics play an important role in today's military body armor.
Fabrics range from batiks to florals to children s prints.
Fabrics range from crispy cotton pique to dressier silk shantung.
Fabrics range from polyester to cotton, rayon, and silk.
Fabrics range from rich and luxurious to simple and practical.
Fabrics range from wool to luscious silks.
Fabrics reflect quality craftsmanship and the artistic traditions of regional areas.
Fabrics remain soft, supple and transparent.
Fabrics remove for machine washing.
Fabrics resemble moose hide and hair and compliment design.
Fabrics rise, colors pop, finishes look the way the manufacturer intended.
Fabrics run the gamut from sheer voile and batiste all the way to upholstery weight cotton.
Fabrics shown are just a few samples.
Fabrics soften favouring the fit.
Fabrics support very large fiber channel networks.
Fabrics Use light weight fabrics.
Fabrics used in kits are guidelines of pattern company recommendations.
Fabrics used in the quilts range from small snips to pieces measuring a yard or more in length.
Fabrics used in the workout wear breathe and wick away moisture.
Fabrics used include corduroy, chintz, drapery, cotton, other scraps.
Fabrics vary from comfortable cotton to silky polyesters in wonderful designs.
Fabrics vary from week to week with new shipments arriving continuously.
Fabrics Visit an overview of our lines of fabrics, and view some fabrics from our selection.
Fabrics sometimes have metallic stripes.
All fabric boils down to two classifications.
All fabric has a small rib.
All fabric is colorfast, machine washable and dryable.
All fabric is custom cut.
All fabric is flammable.
All fabric is made up of thread.
All fabric is of highest quality.
All fabric is preshrunk before the shirt is made.
All fabric is sold by the yard.
All fabric is tested for quality assurance before shipping from our warehouse.
All fabric is very musty.
All fabric is washable, no bleach, tumble dry.
All fabrics are available for regular size slings.
All fabrics are available in black or navy.
All fabrics are available with or without paper backing.
All fabrics are cotton and printing is hand done.
All fabrics are factory flame proofed and supported by metal framework.
All fabrics are in natural colors.
All fabrics are in stock ready to ship.
All fabrics are now available on swatch hangers.
All fabrics are pattern matched and then seamed together.
All fabrics are pre-ironed before shipment or sale.
All fabrics are stain repellant treated and are dry-clean recommended.
All fabrics are strong.
All fabrics are subject to availability from the distributor.
All fabrics are subject to change without notice.
All fabrics are subject to prior sale.
All fabrics are vintage unless otherwise noted.
All fabrics are washable.
All fabrics burn at some point when exposed to a flame, some faster than others.
All fabrics display on the same side when unfolded.
All fabrics have metallic accents.
All fabrics have the potential to pill.
All fabrics used in combination are color coordinated.
All fabrics used in the kit are from specified collections.
Any fabric be it georgette , satin or nets can be inticrately embroidered.
Any fabric containing polyester is vulnerable to dye migration and bleeding.
Every fabric has coverage ranging from thong to full.
Many fabrics are available for all holidays.
Many fabrics are easy to clean by a quick trip through the washing machine.
Many fabrics contain a combination of fibers.
Most fabric contains fiber.
Most fabric contains hydrophilic fiber.
Most fabric has density.
Most fabric has lower basis weight.
Most fabric has materials.
Most fabric has properties.
Most fabric has structures.
Most fabric has weight.
Most fabric is made of materials.
Most fabric is made of natural materials.
Most fabric is made of such materials.
Most fabric makes from fiber.
Most fabric makes from natural fiber.
Most fabric provides protection.
Most fabric retains air.
Most fabric shows abrasion resistance.
Most fabric shows resistance.
Most fabrics are cotton flannels.
Most fabrics are one color from a selection of thousands.
Most fabrics are white prior to marbling.
Most fabrics used today are synthetic.
Some fabric absorbs energy.
Some fabric absorbs water.
Some fabric contains chemicals.
Some fabric covers furniture.
Some fabric enhances power.
Some fabric has advantage.
Some fabric has high water.
Some fabric has permeability.
Some fabric has results.
Some fabric has values.
Some fabric has water.
Some fabric is made of fiber.
Some fabric is made of synthetic fiber.
Some fabric makes from jutes.
Some fabric offers resistance.
Some fabric possesses air permeability.
Some fabric possesses lower air permeability.
Some fabric possesses lower permeability.
Some fabric possesses permeability.
Some fabric provides comfort.
Some fabric reflects variation.
Some fabric stretching occurs with each wearing.
Some fabrics are extremely difficult to straighten the grain.
Some fabrics are more appropriate for interviews than others.
Some fabrics are much more vibrant - bright paisleys, checks, plaids or solid colors.
Some fabrics are much quieter than others.
Some fabrics are only available for certain types of garments.
Some fabrics are seasonal and others in very limited supply.
Some fabrics are so stretchy that they can actually force themselves down the throat plate.
Some fabrics are thicker, so the hand is stiffer to start.
Some fabrics are unsuitable for corsets.
Some fabrics become limp and lose body when laundered.
Some fabrics have a high thread count but are stiff to touch.
Some fabrics have associations and lend themselves to certain uses.
Some fabrics lend themselves to dry cleaning only, making it necessary to dry clean the quilt.
Some fabrics require that they be cut through a single thickness at a time.
Some fabrics stretch more than others.
Fabricated bowls offer flexibility.
Fabricated consciousness refers to the invented systems of thoughts which comprise our minds.
Fabricated foam is placed directly upon the wet face layer of concrete.
Fabricated lighting is measured by extremely accurate instrumentation.
Fabricated metals is the other half of the metals industry.
Fabricated steel is in a different category from cement, for instance.
A fabrication is construction
Fabrication begins upon receipt of the materials.
Fabrication Consists of fabricating, delivering and storing structural steel.
Fabrication includes bases, enclosures, fuel tanks and trailers.
Fabrication includes the intentional falsification or invention of any information.
Fabrication involves designing and constructing the sign face.
Fabrication involves the processing of raw materials to form the finished members of the structure.
Fabrication involves various steps.
Fabrication is an additional expense, though considerably less than the cost of material.
Fabrication is an infraction that involves altering information in an academic exercise.
Fabrication is at a standstill at the moment.
Fabrication is available as well.
Fabrication is available for potentially successful student design projects.
Fabrication is based solely around the customers needs and requirements.
Fabrication is currently a major limit in building and commercializing smaller devices.
Fabrication is defined as faking data, footnotes or other evidence.
Fabrication is falsification or invention of any information or citation in any academic exercise.
Fabrication is in welded aluminium alloy.
Fabrication is known to occur in some therapies for recovery from incest.
Fabrication is more likely with nonverbal conduct than with verbal conduct.
Fabrication is now in progress.
Fabrication is now underway.
Fabrication is performed at an external foundry.
Fabrication is performed in two plant facilities.
Fabrication is relatively easy using the soft solution-annealed form of the quenched metal.
Fabrication is simple and inexpensive.
Fabrication is soft and exquisite and very silky to the touch.
Fabrication is soft and thin on the body.
Fabrication is soft luxurious kind found in today's top quality lingerie.
Fabrication is straight forward using commercial weld fittings and straight lengths of pipe.
Fabrication is the act of creating or inventing something.
Fabrication is the art of working with metal directly, hammering, sawing, soldering, etc.
Fabrication is the creation of data when no bona fide experimentation or data gathering was done.
Fabrication is the cutting, welding or gluing, and assembly of plastic pieces out of sheet material.
Fabrication is the inclusion of an invented statement within the body of a work.
Fabrication is the use of invented information or the falsification of research or other findings.
Fabrication is underway.
Fabrication is when a student falsifies or invents information or data in an academic assignment.
Fabrication means fraud and counterfeiting.
Fabrication skills a plus.
Fabrications are available in both carbon steel and stainless steel.
Fabrications are clingable phenomena.
Fabrications are construction.
Fabrications are falsehood.
Fabrications are located in bibles.
Fabrications are writing.
Fabrications is a full service sheet-metal fabrication service provider.
Fabrications is cottons, velours some nylons.
All fabrication is done in-house.
All fabrication is done under controlled factory supervision.
All fabrication is done with precision.
All fabrication is of heavy steel construction.
All fabrication is of heavy steel plate construction.
All fabrications are subject to decay.
A fabricator is a liar
Fabricator manages all information about a project.
Fabricator manages all project information.
Fabricators also can use economical materials to construct prototype tools.
Fabricators can then order special tube diameters to better facilitate bicycle designs.
Fabricators try to bypass service centers to get discounted prices from the mills.
Fabricators use a squeegee to remove air bubbles and ensure full adhesion.
Fabricators usually work from templates made on site.
Many fabricators retest welders unnecessarily.
Most fabricators deliver the finished countertops and offer installation.
Most fabricators handle more than one type of solid surfacing.
FabriTech verticals are available in stock and custom sizes or individual vane replacements.
Fabulous balloons turn into gifts, centerpieces or hanging decorations.
Fabulous beach is a two-minute walk through tropically landscaped gardens.
Fabulous beers -Domestic and Imported.
Fabulous cheeseburger comes with big onion slice.
Fabulous collections grace more than two dozen museums.
Fabulous dispersion shows beautiful red-orange flash.
Fabulous furs are also a specialty.
Many fabulous games lose money and get forgotten.
Fabulous information flies around the room.
Fabulous inventories allowyou excellent selection ofnew and used cars.
Fabulous kitchen features tile floors, breakfast bar, great windows and large eating area.
Fabulous restaurants are within walking distance.
Fabulous riches await the victor.
Fabulous shopping is nearby.
Fabulous textiles dominate.
Some fabulous things are now available on the Internet that are great resources.
Fabulous views promise a private paradise, now under construction.
Facade restoration is complete.
A facade is a front
Facades are difficult to maintain over long periods.
Facades are fronts.
Facades are misrepresentation.
Facades are negative occurrences in relationships.
Facades are often the most decorated and ornamental of all sides of a building.
Facades built by old peasant farmers reinforce the town's antiquated look.
Facades flash by like billboards.
Facades set flat against the street like a spread fan.
Facades take on the air of air.
A face card is a playing card
Face cards are double-headed court figures with suit marks in the upper left and lower right.
Face cards are playing cards.
Face cards are worth one-half of a point.
Face cards are worth zero.
Face cards count as zero.
Face cards have no value during an assassination attempt.
Face cards have no value during an attack.
Face cards help.
All face cards are worth ten, as are all tens.
All face cards are worth ten.
All face cards have a value of ten.
Face change is divided into two levels.
Face climbing is foundational to all other techniques.
Face color is determined by linear interpolation through the mesh points on the surface.
Face detection is useful by itself as an early warning method in certain surveillance applications.
Face flies are a real bother and feed on secretions around the eyes, nostrils and mouth.
Face flies are also difficult to control.
Face flies are closely related and similar in appearance to house flies but have different habitats.
Face flies are important because of the secondary damage they can cause.
Face flies are serious pests of cattle and horses.
Face flies are strong fliers that can travel several miles.
Face flies hibernate in barns, houses, and other shelters.
Face flies irritate the cattle s eyes by using rasp-like mouth parts to stimulate tear production.
Face flies irritate the cattles' eyes by using rasp-like mouth parts to stimulate tear production.
Face flies irritate the cattles eyes by using rasp-like mouth parts to stimulate tear production.
Face flies spend only a small amount of time on the animal.
Face flies transmit the organism responsible for pink eye.
Face frames are solid wood.
Face lift carries with it a high degree of patient satisfaction in our experience.
Face lift is an operation
A face mask is a mask
Face mask stays securely in place.
Face mask stays securely on.
Face masks are masks.
Face masks are more effective barriers than face shields.
Face masks become a required accessory.
Face masks can be very dangerous.
Face masks have one large lens covering eyes and nose and are designed for underwater diving.
Faces of children see works of men.
Face paint can be just as daunting as masks for preschool-age children.
Face paint completes the effect.
Face paint gives important clues about the personality of charachers in Peking opera.
Face paint is body paint.
Face paint is fine.
Face paint is makeup.
Face paint is preferable to a mask.
Face paints are available at most costume or hobby shops.
Face painting is almost always a good investment.
Face painting is also a possibility.
Face painting is always a favorite activity.
Face painting is always a special treat for young and old alike.
Face painting is always fun.
Face painting is always popular.
Face painting is another fun activity.
Face painting is fun for all ages.
Face painting is part of dressing up for a summer festival in Papua New Guinea.
Face painting is safer.
Face painting is surprisingly easy.
Face paintings is body paintings.
Face plants are no fun in either rocks or sand.
Face plants ruin the whole experience.
Face plate is also aluminum.
Face plate is below the bottom left corner of the chalkboard.
Face plate is in the opposite corner of the room from the door.
Face plates are to be ivory and flush mounted.
Face powder is makeup
Face powder is powder
Face powder Let's start with powder.
Face recognition depends more on internal features of the face such as eyes, mouth, and nose.
Face recognition is a good example of the brain's visual circuits in action.
Face recognition is a natural, intuitive function of the human brain.
Face recognition is a seeing
Face recognition is a special case.
Face recognition is a typical example of intelligent behavior, but as it turns out, is very hard.
Face recognition is also less effective when enough time has passed for a person's face to change.
Face recognition is biometric identification.
Face recognition is one example.
Face recognition is visual perceptions.
Face recognition requires a digital or video camera.
Face recognition requires well-structured lighting conditions.
A face saving is achievement
Face saving is critically important in the lives of so many people around the world.
Face seals are the better choice.
Face shield is mandatory.
Face shields afford protection to the face and neck.
Face shields are down, batons are up.
Face shields offer protection against splashes and are less likely to mist over than goggles.
Face shields offer secondary protection.
Face shields protect the entire face as well as the eyes from frontal impacts.
Face shields protect the eyes and face from splashes.
Face shields protect the face.
Face shields provide protection for eye and mucus membranes.
Face shields provide protection to the face and neck.
Some face shields protect eyes.
Face slap is different.
Face time is a big deal during a strike.
Face time is crucial.
Face time is important for the employee, the team, and the project manager.
Face time is irrelevant.
Face time is leadership in action.
Face time is still critical.
Face time is that old real estate principle of highest and best use applied to the boss.
Face time is work time
Face time is work time.
More face time can preserve balance.
Face validity can mean one of two things.
Face validity consists of the observation of the items within to determine their relevancy.
Face validity determined by content experts needs a foundation of research findings.
Face validity has the disadvantage of being entirely subjective.
Face validity is a lower standard than validity.
Face validity is no laughing matter .
Face validity is suggested by as examination of item content.
A face value is color
Face value includes increases in the face value as part of original policy contract.
Face value is a deceptive thing, of course.
Face value is no indication of market value.
Face value is the amount the issuer promises to pay at maturity.
Face value is usually the amount the issuing company promises to pay at maturity.
Face value refers to the printed amount shown on the savings bond.
Face value See par value .
Face values are values.
A face is a body part
Face affects emotion.
Face also has short hair covering it.
Face appears symmetric.
Face balanced putters encourage the player to move the putter directly up and down the target line.
Face Balanced tall little s-bend hosel and one half shaft offset.
Face becomes blackish-grey with much darker loral area.
Face becomes flushed.
Face betrays no solid evidence.
FACE brings truth and clarity to alcohol issues in an extremely high quality manner.
Face can often have small reddish polka dots and darker cheekbone line as well.
Face changes the actual font being used.
FACE conducts work in three areas media development, training and national advocacy.
Face decidedly elongate.
Face expresses a worried look.
Face facts calmly and with the determination to do the best possible for the animal.
Face Facts Providing acne information.
Face features antique-style hands.
Face features Roman numerals.
Face feel Situation except lots contrast over one road.
Face feels hot, flushes.
Face flies cause extreme annoyance to cattle on pasture all summer.
Face flies closely resemble the common house fly but are more persistent pests of animals.
Face flies overwinter as adults in large clusters in barns and other buildings.
Face forget Leaves off niece below any telemark skiing if command inside the offer.
Face has a black mask and the ears are mostly black.
Face has a hint of a smile.
Face has black mask outlined in white.
Face has blue and orange bare patch of skin behind eyes.
Face has high blushed cheeks with no rubs or scratches.
Face has the highest value in human body.
Face has thick, black eye-line.
Face has thin, black lines radiating onto broad cheek ruff.
Face has worry lines, scars and battlemarks.
Face hits the dirt and head bounces off the pavement.
Face Hurdles Recent immigrants work hard to catch up in the classroom.
Face is a faceted stone.
Face is a very important thing.
Face is adorable.
Face is all black with a band of tan feathering around neck.
Face is almost very dark now.
Face is an expert at bending the rules.
Face is assembled from edges and therefore face has edges as neighbors.
Face is bare and black in adults, bright pink in the newborn.
Face is beautiful, but lets see the whole outfit.
Face is beige.
Face is black mask with brown and white.
Face is blue-red or blue, lips and nails blue.
Face is broad at eye level and looks even broader due to thick fur at side of head.
Face is brown.
Face is buff with black stripe behind eye.
Face is carved ivory.
Face is cleansed, detoxified and hydrated.
Face is drawn.
Face is expressed through hospitality, generosity and loyalty to family or particular group.
Face Is Familiar.
Face is flat.
Face is good.
Face is grey and white.
Face is hairless with high forehead.
Face is heart-shaped, often with a pointed chin.
Face is information dense.
Face is left thoroughly cleansed, refreshed and renewed.
Face is light amber-brown, heavily streaked with brown.
Face is line scored and the shaft is marked below the original grip.
Face is long and straight with erect ears.
Face is long with somewhat elongated snout and prominent brow and nasal ridges.
Face is milled for true flatness.
Face is molded polymer clay.
Face is naked with sparse stubble of moustache and beard.
Face is of medium length and is practically straight.
Face is of medium length and slightly dished.
Face is one of the body parts people pay most attention to.
Face is painted with tuquoise, brick and white paint.
Face is pale and bluish, lips blue, tendency to diarrhea form shock and exhaustion.
Face is pale, blue, hippocratic, cold with cold sweat.
Face is pale.
Face is perfect.
Face is pinched into straight nose.
Face is pink or red, and sometimes they have freckles.
Face is pink.
Face is prettier, facial expressions resembling parents.
Face is pudgy with a large nose and a black tail.
Face is red and hot but the extremities are cold.
Face is red.
Face is reddish-pink with a very long muzzle in the same line as the brain case.
Face is round and flat with an extra piece for the nose.
Face is the public expression of the inner self.
Face is the scammer of the group.
Face is the second true basic.
Face is the story of bank robbers on a last heist that goes wrong.
Face is thin and dirty and makes a noise like cats fighting in a pile of scrap metal.
Face is too chubby.
Face is touchy.
Face is very detailed.
Face is very important.
Face is white, neck cinnamon-gray with white ventral stripe spotted with dark.
Face is white.
Face is whitish with the black mask.
Face is wide at the temples and hairline, narrowing to a small delicate chin.
Face is wide, pink splotch between nose and lips.
Face isa body part.
FACE lays a foundation for potential positive outcomes.
Face lights up slightly.
Face looks anxious and bluish.
Face looks flushed, eyes are sunken, the skin looks flushed and mucous membrane looks red.
Face looks old, sunken, dirty.
Face looks puffy.
Face looks slightly pink.
Face make-up is safer and more colorful.
Face moderately elongate.
Face opens for internal access.
Face Pick the pole domain.
FACE promotes action by offering practical ideas and high impact materials.
FACE provides information to maufacturers, including suggestions for improved machinery design.
FACE publishes a newsletter six times a year and sponsors regional meetings and workshops.
FACE publishes safety alert bulletins that emphasize safe working habits for workers.
Face Reading Physiognomy for health awareness is an ancient practice in Eastern medicine.
Face replaces PINs and intrusive biometrics with an affordable, reliable and sanitary solution.
Face sail across any pants nor enclose vw gli.
Face saving diplomacy and patience are one's daily practice.
Face seems drawn to a point at nose.
Face shown is brass with gold plate and high arc moon dial.
Face shows grief and signs of an inner struggle.
Face shows up in many ways and really begins early in life.
Face simply is a polygon.
Face skis across the slope so that they are pointing neither uphill or downhill.
Face slaps and punches, head bumps, lots of falls and stumbles.
Face smiles a lot and takes off a pair of glasses.
Face villains that make even the bravest of souls break in cold sweat.
Face Watch the intro for the first season.
Face wear Axial play in the shaft bearings.
Faces also vary from wood to ivory to skin.
Faces appear in the hole.
Faces are a favorite attack site of imported fire ants.
Faces are a good example.
Faces are appearances.
Faces are approachable, for they hold something that invites reflection.
Faces are better than helmets.
Faces are blank, no one makes direct eye contact.
Faces are body parts.
Faces are but a gallery of pictures.
Faces are caste from molds.
Faces are central to human communication and yet machines have been largely blind to their presence.
Faces are cleaned by rubbing on branches and it is to reinforce social bonds.
Faces are consistent.
Faces are either real photos or fabric transfers.
Faces are embroidered in a primitive manner as are accents on their garments.
Faces are expectant or bemused.
Faces are flushed, spirits are high, and the air is pregnant with possibilities.
Faces are flushed, spirits are high, and the night is pregnant with possibilities.
Faces are forward, the left foot is slightly ahead of the right.
Faces are fronts.
Faces are hand painted and made of paper mache, hair is of soft yarn with gowns of linen.
Faces are heavy-gauge black mesh to render the contents highly visible.
Faces are important to people.
Faces are insider secrets.
Faces are largely absent.
Faces are minimum B grade.
Faces are no problem.
Faces are often impressionistic.
Faces are one of the most important and salient classes of stimuli involved in social communication.
Faces are oval or egg-shaped.
Faces are overt symbols of the individual as a social person.
Faces are pale and clammy, and every blotch shows.
Faces are part of animals.
Faces are part of bodies.
Faces are part of clocks.
Faces are part of heads.
Faces are part of homos.
Faces are part of playing cards.
Faces are part of racket.
Faces are part of watchs.
Faces are people.
Faces are porcelain.
Faces are probably a candidate's most direct conduit to creating feelings in viewers.
Faces are recognizable even in the back row and many name tags are available.
Faces are recognizable even in the back row and many name tags are visible.
Faces are red and chapped from the cold.
Faces are red, and pants are down.
Faces are rich in information about individual identity, mood and mental state.
Faces are smooth with serene expressions.
Faces are soiled, hair is stringy, clothes are grimy and sweat-stained.
Faces are solid objects.
Faces are status.
Faces are surfaces.
Faces are the most important part of any illo.
Faces are the townspeople of today, posing in painted scenes copied from historic photographs.
Faces are therefore of an unbelievable exactness and expressiveness.
Faces are visible even in the back row and many name tags are legible.
Faces are visual.
Faces are whole landscapes in themselves.
Faces attracts a down to earth, mostly professional, friendly crowd.
Faces bear the same shallow fear of forgotten prosperity.
Faces become familiar, turnout declines, high hopes diminish, and practical matters prevail.
Faces become familiar.
Faces become linked list of edges, and each edge lives in only two faces.
Faces become puffy and legs thin out.
Faces brighten as new worlds of beauty and discovery unfold.
Faces can be realistic, semi-realistic or abstract.
Faces can change with age, or through the appearance of blemishes and beards.
Faces can get kind of freaky in particular, and textures lack detail when zoomed in upon.
Faces can serve as an excellent introduction to the study of insects for students of any age.
Faces come and go, but there's always a crowd.
Faces come in many different shapes.
Faces conform to, resonate within, a dominant lexicon of possible subject positions.
Faces contain a wealth of social information.
Faces contort in primeval masks.
Faces control the display of text on the screen.
Faces crack into hopeful smiles and children shriek with hysterical relief.
Faces depict ranks of respective service.
Faces dissolve to gray silhouettes against the blackness.
Faces emerge through the conjoining of several smaller figures.
Faces express real emotion by moving their mouths, eyes, another other facial parts.
Faces fall near, grave as planets, attracted by the tug of memory.
Faces fall to cards.
Faces feature eyes.
Faces feature noses.
Faces feature snouts.
Faces fill the large picture window in the living room.
Faces fit the names.
Faces form an object class of large biological significance.
Faces glow with the ruddy tone of men and women after strong drink and a long day in the sun.
Faces go blank.
Faces grow rapt, shoulders fall slightly forward.
Faces have (part) bridges.
Faces have (part) brows.
Faces have (part) cheek muscles.
Faces have (part) cheek.
Faces have (part) chins.
Faces have (part) corneas.
Faces have (part) corpi.
Faces have (part) eye muscles.
Faces have (part) eyebrows.
Faces have (part) eyelids.
Faces have (part) eyes.
Faces have (part) foreheads.
Faces have (part) irises.
Faces have (part) lids.
Faces have (part) lips.
Faces have (part) lobes.
Faces have (part) moustaches.
Faces have (part) mouths.
Faces have (part) mustaches.
Faces have (part) nerve fiber.
Faces have (part) nerve fibre.
Faces have (part) noses.
Faces have (part) nostrils.
Faces have (part) orb.
Faces have (part) radicles.
Faces have (part) retinas.
Faces have (part) sections.
Faces have (part) synapse.
Faces have ability.
Faces have bright eyes.
Faces have details.
Faces have ears.
Faces have expression.
Faces have eyes.
Faces have general attributes such as eyes, nose, mouth and hairstyle.
Faces have heads.
Faces have noses.
Faces have pale skin.
Faces have skin.
Faces hide so much.
Faces interfere with name classification in a prosopagnosic patient.
Faces is a video and still pictures presentation of images seen above the moon.
Faces is found by adding the values of the three edges forming a given face.
Faces is set in bustling and trendy London.
Faces keep appearing from the distant past.
Faces Leave it to scientists to take something as simple as a smile and make it complicated.
Faces lift from their papers, pens pause, impassioned faces reorient themselves.
Faces light up as familiar eyes meet in a crowd of listeners.
Faces line up one after another.
Faces look at their most face-like with the light coming down from the top of the head.
Faces look 'mushy' in rendering.
Faces look strange from space - and disappear.
Faces look toward A pale blue wall For comfort.
Faces make a big impact.
Faces mature, or wilt.
Faces peer from behind the dot matrix and the text, which is clear and velvety black.
Faces peer out, bodies drop to the track.
Faces play an important part for both monkeys and man.
Faces range from happy to very sad.
Faces reflect in the heavens.
Faces remain serious, eyes fixed ahead or cast sideways into the mirror, critically.
Faces scream and babies are severed from their mothers.
Faces seem so expressive.
Faces shine with sweat in the flickering light.
Faces show certain features.
Faces show distinctly, worth sixty cents.
Faces show features.
Faces show teeth.
Faces show up best with gif.
Faces show up poorly.
Faces shown in public give away little of the nation's condition.
Faces stretch in grotesque disbelief.
Faces swell up, teeth get punched out, and bones are broken.
Faces tell a lotta shit about what people think.
Faces tell stories.
Faces tend to be clean shaven.
Faces tend to be curved and striated.
Faces testify to long lives, each crease earned, each wrinkle a badge of courage.
Faces turn and smile easily at the camera.
Faces turn beet red.
Faces turn crimson in the effort to suppress laughter.
Faces turn red as exhaust from cars seeps into the air.
Faces turn to the front of the room where a lactation consultant fields questions over the din.
Faces use the U divisions value of uniform subdivisions.
Face Always compassionate.
Faces usually show high cheek bones, long and very carefully curled hair.
All face running out of cash in nine months, the report says.
All faces are congruent.
All faces are now individually selectable.
All faces are the same man, one big self.
All faces are very smooth and shiny.
All faces have a nice polish.
Every face bears a tense expression.
Every face has the same number of vertices, and the same number of faces meet at every vertex.
Every face has the staring look which all Balkan museums specialize in.
Every face is a picture gallery.
Every face is an experience.
Every face is beautiful when embellished with a geniune, heartfelt smile.
Every face is beautiful, because the face is the mirror of the soul.
Every face is different as are the techniques employed by different surgeons.
Every face is eloquent with expression, and every attitude is full of grace.
Every face is someone else.
Every face is soon powdered red.
Every face is the other face.
Every face is welcome.
Every face looks familiar.
Every face wears a radiant smile.
Many faces connected by their edges form an object.
Many faces display the conflict such chants raise within their hearts.
Many faces have to be left out when painting a three-sided picture from any perspective.
Most faces are a blend or combination of the then archetypes.
Most faces come in normal, bold, italic, and bold-italic.
Most faces have ability.
Most faces have bright eyes.
Most faces have details.
Most faces have ears.
Most faces have expression.
Most faces have eyes.
Most faces have heads.
Most faces have pale skin.
Most faces have skin.
Most faces show certain features.
Most faces show teeth.
Some faces are new, some are old but memorable.
Some faces are realistic while others are non-human.
Some faces are the same, some are different.
Some faces are the same.
Some faces contain methane.
Some faces cover in blood.
Some faces form a smile or a frown more naturally than a neutral expression.
Some faces have antlers.
Some faces have black spots.
Some faces have conspicuous stripes.
Some faces have corners.
Some faces have crescents.
Some faces have dark streaks.
Some faces have feathers.
Some faces have fur.
Some faces have grooves.
Some faces have horns.
Some faces have muzzles.
Some faces have orange feathers.
Some faces have short muzzles.
Some faces have spots.
Some faces have streaks.
Some faces have stripes.
Some faces have white stripes.
Some faces launch ships.
Some faces require surgery.
Some faces suffer from dry flaky patches.
Faceless mobs are capable only of oppressing each other.
Some faceless monsters have no heart.
Faceless mummies creep around, a pale head of a man with a zippered mouth appears.
Most facelift patients resume most of their normal activities about two weeks after surgery.
Facelift surgery is highly individualized and depends on each patient's specific concerns and goals.
Most facelift techniques have no long-term effect on the nasolabial folds.
A facelift is an operation
Facelift performs basepoint correction one dimension at a time.
Facelifts are plastic surgery.
Facelifts are the fifth most commonly performed plastic surgery procedures in the United States.
Facelifts improve the contour of the neck and the jowl area.
FaceSpan bucks are available in all participating computer stores across the world.
Facet joints control the movement of the spine.
Facet joints have a dual nerve supply from the spinal nerves that emerge above and below the joints.
Facet theory involves a formal way of classifying variables.
Facet theory is a systematic approach for coordinating theory and research.
A facet is a feature
Facet also has one of the longest residual activity periods if moisture is good.
Facet has fair postemergence activity by itself and is an excellent barnyardgrass herbicide.
Facet is in the court system now.
Facet is quick to move on new technologies.
Facet is the flat, polished surface on a diamond.
Facet is the newest tank-mix partner and has also gained a lot of popularity.
Facet joints the point at which two vertebrae meet and move against each other.
Facets also make the image warping much easier.
Facets are annotations on slots.
Facets are difficult but some lovely work can be done.
Facets are flat triangles bounded by three edges.
Facets are joints in the neck that control movement.
Facets are labels which identify the type of demon.
Facets are relational structures that combine units and relations.
Facets are single defining aspects of concepts or objects.
Facets are the joint surfaces of the articular processes, where the vertebrae fit together.
Facets are the tiny planes on the diamond's surface, which give it sparkle and fire.
Facets can swell like other joints.
Facets features a unique triangular-shaped handle, which is completely solid.
Facets follow the style name.
Facets has a good selection rare films including silent and foreign films.
Facets have one of five different curvatures, depending on their location on the dish.
Facets is also an international leader in positive programming for children.
Facets Is one of the best vendors to use in trying to locate the latest movie on video.
Facets provide easily searchable meta-data.
Facets provides a complimentary service of engraving to their clientele.
Facets really pick up the light.
Facets represent the simple way to implement a mechanism to sort out information.
Facets tries to be as visable as possible to as many browsers as possible, with or without graphics.
All facets are necessary for a successful national response capability.
Every facet involved in completing a project is achieved completely in-house.
Every facet is just a different angle, window, and view point into that diamond.
Every facet requires a commitment to excellence and recognition of the dignity of the person.
Many facets comprise our mission in upgrading the world of engineering journalism.
More facets makes for a smoother result but a larger file and increased rendering time.
Faceted gemstones are stunning and of the highest quality.
Some faceted objects are easier to draw than others.
Faceted oval cabs in eight gemstone colors.
Faceted sides make container easy to hold.
Faceted windows accent the corners of the building.
Facetted platforms are absent.
Facial abnormalities including cyclopia are sometimes present.
Facial acne is as common in teenaged girls as it is in boys.
Facial acne seems to get everyone at some point in life, but is seen most often in the teen years.
Facial adornments can also include a throat ruff, beard, or mustache.
Facial animation is keyframed.
Facial appearance is improved.
Facial appearance shapes one's self-esteem.
A facial artery is an artery
Facial artery is good in the horse.
Facial asymmetry is an indication of aging.
Facial asymmetry is often present.
Facial asymmetry occurs in some cases.
Facial balance is important.
Facial bites can be quite serious resulting is scarring and even eye injury.
Facial blush is caused by overstimulation of the sympathetic nervous system.
Facial cassettes decrease heat output to create a more comfortable tanning environment.
Facial characteristics range from nearly elven or human to reptilian or gothic.
Facial characteristics vary tremendously.
All facial characteristics are on the agenda .
Facial clues can also help.
Facial coloration is different in males and females.
Facial construction is in the game.
Facial contact is too important to trust to pediatrally-oriented groups.
Facial decompression leads to facial nerve paresis and trigeminal sensory neuropathy.
Facial defects can range from quite simple to complex.
Facial deformations are model with image templates, using the active blobs formulation.
Facial development occurs very rapidly in an infant and young child.
Facial disfigurement is a major source of distress but has been little studied.
Facial disk is pale brown, surrounded by a dark brown ring of feathers.
Facial disks are dusky white with fine grey-brown mottling.
Facial displays are partly innate and partly learned.
Facial displays indicate emotion, pain, brain function and pathology, and regulate social behavior.
Facial eczema can severely compromise animal welfare.
Facial eczema is a common disease occurring in much of New Zealand in summer and autumn.
Facial eczema is relatively common in areas of New Zealand.
Facial emotions tell the audience a lot about what is gong on.
Facial erythema is literally red face.
Some facial exercises dare loud or careful, nor stomach proverbce they.
Facial expression is almost as important as identity.
Facial expression is an important form of body language that deserves further research.
Facial expression is another factor.
Facial expression is another way that allows a person in pain to let others know something is wrong.
Facial expression is another way to communicate without talking.
Facial expression is blunted causing a very solemn appearance.
Facial expression is gestures.
Facial expression is grim.
Facial expression is important too.
Facial expression is indicated mainly by lip movements.
Facial expression is just as important as the words.
Facial expression is motion
Facial expression is partly innate and also partly learned.
Facial expression is perhaps the next most important form of non-verbal communication.
Facial expression is sharp, grim.
Facial expression is used for communicates.
Facial expression shows puzzlement and slight fear.
Facial expression shows resolution.
Facial expression shows the eyebrows furrowed, and the body leans forward expectantly.
Facial expressions are a fundamental aspect of human communication.
Facial expressions are a powerful source of information.
Facial expressions are a second form of nonverbal communication.
Facial expressions are a true indicator of feelings.
Facial expressions are also an important means of communicating among Japanese macaques.
Facial expressions are amazingly realistic, almost eerily so.
Facial expressions are dynamic.
Facial expressions are highly developed.
Facial expressions are important clues to the hard of hearing person.
Facial expressions are indiscernible, but on the whole the players have an air of realism.
Facial expressions are next-generation, but still missing some characteristics.
Facial expressions are no longer meaningful.
Facial expressions are one of the most important media of human emotional communication.
Facial expressions are quite revealing, it seems.
Facial expressions are used to communicate submission, aggression, fear, and worry.
Facial expressions are very important to a baby.
Facial expressions become more emotional, often characterized by a mood of dreamy tenderness.
Facial expressions can also convey meaning.
Facial expressions can communicate what people are thinking.
Facial expressions change.
Facial expressions come from inner emotions.
Facial expressions vary according to the type of hula being danced.
Many facial expressions derive from muscles and nerves of the pharyngeal arches.
Most facial expressions are a waste of time.
Facial features are affected, along with the body parts associated.
Facial features are almost lifelike.
Facial features are characteristics dictated by genetic inheritance .
Facial features are exaggerated yet they reveal few emotions.
Facial features are identifiable.
Facial features are in very good condition.
Facial features are long, nose is pointy.
Facial features are often exaggerated, with intricate, inlaid details.
Facial features are smooth and very three dimensional.
Facial features are still bright and clean.
Facial features are the standard expectations- hair color, eye color, complexion, body hair, etc.
Facial features are wonderful for identification.
Facial features become more apparent with age.
Facial features become visible.
Facial features become warped and bestial.
Facial features drown in shadows and light reflections.
Facial features provide important clues to diagnosis.
Facial features shape personal opinion.
Facial features start to form as well as tiny lungs.
Facial fracture refers to any injury that results in a broken bone or bones of the face.
Facial fur is short.
A facial gesture is motion
Facial gesture are faces made purposly to convey meanings to others.
Facial hair can prevent a good seal, even if it is only one day's stubble.
Facial hair comes in spurts and it's almost never symmetrical.
Facial hair extends down to their lips protecting the muzzle when grazing in snow.
Facial hair increase All of the above can lead to image disturbances and psychological distress.
Facial hair is a sign of puberty in men.
Facial hair is also a sign of virilization.
Facial hair is always a tricky thing to ponder.
Facial hair is body hair.
Facial hair is evident but only barely.
Facial hair is hair
Facial hair is hair.
Facial hair is kinda scary though.
Facial hair is next.
Facial hair is often the last male sexual characteristic to develop.
Facial hair is shaved if necessary.
Facial hair is short, while the long, rough hair on the crown and shoulders forms a hood.
Facial hair is suppose to be good enough to make a reenactor look like a citizen of the old west.
Facial hair is very short and gray.
Facial hair is very similar to hair in other parts of the body.
Facial hair provides more hair lines to process.
Facial hygiene is vastly overlooked.
Facial implants can produce some remarkable changes.
Facial implants help change the basic structure of the face to give a fuller, more balanced look.
Facial injuries are common during war.
Facial involvement is usually early, involving drooping eyelids.
Facial involvement is usually early.
Facial jewelry is unacceptable.
Facial lesions are more common.
Facial lesions are most common, but the extremities and buttocks can be involved.
Facial liposuction is a safe procedure when done by a trained and skilled physician.
Facial liposuction redefines the chin and jaw line.
Facial makeup can cover up bruising after the sutures are removed.
Facial makeup is original with exception of light pink lips, which have been restored.
Facial malformations tend to resolve as the child grows, making diagnosis much more difficult.
Facial marking are prominent.
Facial markings are indistinct or absent.
Facial markings are often present, and the tail is usually ringed with light and dark bands.
Facial markings distinguish from other deer in Britain.
Any facial markings are acceptable.
Facial mask recipes Facial mask recipes The beneficial effects of a facial mask are many.
Facial masks help in removing dead skin, unclogging pores and prevent premature lines and wrinkles.
Some facial masks have a grainy texture that helps smooth the skin during the rinse cycle.
Facial movements are symmetric.
Facial movements cause wrinkles.
A facial muscle is a striated muscle
Facial muscles appear strong and seem to lift the skin for a younger and healthier appearance.
Facial muscles are part of faces.
Facial muscles are skeletal muscles.
Facial muscles seem to strengthen and lift the skin for a younger and healthier appearance.
Facial musculature is generally expressionless and unchanging.
A facial nerve is a cranial nerve
Facial nerve innervates the muscles of facial expression.
Facial nerve is examined via transmastoid, translabyrinthine approach in transverse fractures.
Facial pain is a sign of infection.
Facial pain is caused by clenching.
Facial pain is controlled with analgesics.
Facial pain occurs in various sites depending on which sinus is affected.
Facial palsy can cause problems with facial movements, such as chewing and blinking.
Facial palsy clears up in most cases, with or without treatment.
Facial palsy is a presenting sign in most of the patients with the complete triad.
Facial paralysis goes along with the game.
Facial paralysis is a possible outcome.
Facial paralysis is also an exceedingly uncommon symptom.
Facial paralysis is illnesses.
Facial paralysis is paralysis.
Facial paralysis is weakness of the muscles of the face, caused by damage to the facial nerve.
Facial paresis can also occur after radiation.
Facial paresis is the most common presenting symptom of a facial nerve schwannoma.
All facial peels are non-toxic.
Facial pelage is often white and tends to fade with age.
Facial pheromones make cats feel calm and secure.
Facial processing is non-verbal and occurs in the subconscious.
Facial proportion is another important concept.
Facial protection is recommended.
Facial recognition can also have beneficial uses closer to home.
Facial recognition is identity verification
Facial recognition is prone to error but is even more stealthy.
Facial recognition is simply amazing.
Facial reconstruction is just one of the lab's many programs to help identify the lost.
Facial reconstruction is our specialty.
Facial reconstruction varies drastically case by case.
Facial rooms are usually dimly lit, often with relaxing music playing in the background.
Facial roundness disappears and with time the face becomes thin and sometimes asymmetric.
Facial scars can be very distressing but other less visible scars can also be very upsetting.
Facial scrubs are ones with very subtle grains, like finely milled apricot pits.
Facial sensation is intact.
Some facial shots look unflattering.
Facial skin begins to loosen and sag .
Facial skin is gray-black.
Facial skin is orange.
Facial skin is thicker than eyelid skin, and body skin is thicker than the skin on the face.
Facial skin loses moisture because of hormonal changes, sun exposure and heredity.
Facial skin tends to loosen and sag with time.
Facial sluts has blowjobs and cock sucking women pictures.
Facial sluts love to have hot cum drip off their chins.
Facial steams are great for the complexion, sinusitis, upper respiratory complaints and allergies.
Facial stripes can be faint to pronounced.
Facial structures are generally present and appear relatively normal.
Facial stubble is present.
Facial symmetry is a key to beauty.
Facial tattoos are the ultimate abandonment of all hope of a life outside.
Facial thermograms use the patterns of veins and arteries beneath the skin for identification.
Facial traits change over time.
Facial views reveal bilat.
Facial waxes are also available.
Facial weakness is sign of malignancy, and it's also a sign of poor long-term survival.
Facial weakness is uncommon.
Facial wrinkles are often a result of aging.
Facial wrinkles increase with the amount of cigarettes and number of years a person has smoked.
A facial is a beauty treatment
A facial is a skincare
Facials are a good way to get in some stress relief.
Facials are a super gift.
Facials are available as are several body scrubs, wraps and treatments.
Facials are complimentary and gift-wrapping is available.
Facials are cranial nerves.
Facials are great to see.
Facials are part of faces.
Facials are skin care.
Facials are spectacular.
Facials can also remove blackheads and help prevent acne.
Facials can deep cleanse, re hydrate and rejuvenate the skin.
Facials can help changing skin conditions and salt glows smooth dry, rough skin.
Facials concentrate on the face, massage on the muscles.
Facials revitalize and regenerate skin, while deep cleansing removes impurities.
Facials Use a mirror.
All facials be-in with a professional skin analysis.
Facilitated leadership requires balancing managing with facilitating.
Facilitation also involves the direct, in-class teaching of formal and informal programs.
Facilitation brings out all points of view represented in the group.
Facilitation can be direct or indirect.
Facilitation can benefit public meetings as well as advisory committees.
Facilitation can go on as long as the disputing parties feel that it is beneficial.
Facilitation can help make the work of groups easier and much more productive.
Facilitation can occur when a disturbance alters the community.
Facilitation can pose unique challenges.
Facilitation encourages civil discourse of critical issues.
Facilitation encourages collaborative problem-solving and is useful at meetings and forums.
Facilitation has various levels from a phone number to an e-mail address to submission forms.
Facilitation implies an appropriate and reasonable degree of risk.
Facilitation increases productivity by increasing group motivation, confidence and commitment.
Facilitation indicates a commitment to action.
Facilitation is a natural phenomenon
Facilitation is a process that leads towards dispute resolution.
Facilitation is a series of assessments and actions.
Facilitation is a skill that requires special training.
Facilitation is a strategy for helping individuals to develop pointing skills.
Facilitation is a tool to enable groups to discuss and plan more effectively together.
Facilitation is a way of providing leadership without taking the reins.
Facilitation is about making learning easy .
Facilitation is advisable.
Facilitation is aid.
Facilitation is also a tool for problem-solving between disputing parties.
Facilitation is an increase in release probability that follows use of a synapse.
Facilitation is characterized by interactive participation among all individuals.
Facilitation is conditions.
Facilitation is contrast dependent.
Facilitation is distinct from representation.
Facilitation is flexible.
Facilitation is followed by competition.
Facilitation is guidance of a group in a problem-solving process.
Facilitation is like playing the piano.
Facilitation is often an important part of usability activities.
Facilitation is often useful.
Facilitation is one of the simplest forms of assisted negotiation.
Facilitation is particularly useful at meetings and forums.
Facilitation is similar to conciliation, being a less active form of mediation.
Facilitation is the art of getting people to work together effectively.
Facilitation is the art of making it easier .
Facilitation is the combination of knowledge and practice.
Facilitation is the deliberate copying of copyrighted software and distributing it.
Facilitation is the key concept.
Facilitation is the process by which parties are prepared for negotiation or mediation.
Facilitation is the process of enabling groups to work cooperatively and effectively.
Facilitation is typically for sessions between half a day and two days.
Facilitation is via text and video tape presentations.
Facilitation leads toward empowerment and consensus.
Facilitation makes it easier to get to an agreed destination.
Facilitation means organizing, leading, supporting, recognizing, encouraging and awarding.
Facilitation means that communication is achieved by one area increasing the activity of the other.
Facilitation Provides support to the local DEICs.
Facilitation reports .
Facilitation requires agency support staff.
Facilitation rotates among the group members.
Facilitation rotates among the group participants.
Facilitation sign up.
Facilitation supplements other techniques.
Facilitative leaders help to increase overall group effectiveness.
Facilitative leaders know that achieving results is only one form of measuring success.
A facilitator is an assistant
Facilitator acts as catalyst, confidante, collaborator.
Facilitator acts as moderator.
Facilitator agrees with what has been said or makes any additional observation.
Facilitator allows time for participants to experiment.
Facilitator asks client to connect with objects, then hold it for a moment, then asks to disconnect.
Facilitator asks people to briefly introduce themselves.
Facilitator can moderate group study sessions.
Facilitator can organize group study sessions.
Facilitator chooses one unknown truth.
Facilitator circles the group and selects a stinger by squeezing an individual s shoulder.
Facilitator collects the information and presents it to the user.
Facilitator Come learn strategies for getting the most out of the career fairs.
Facilitator debriefs the groups.
Facilitator encourages and explains.
Facilitator explains event objectives and structure.
Facilitator helps to keep people busy and adds crops and products.
Facilitator is in control.
Facilitator is pure recorder, listens only.
Facilitator is the school coordinator .
Facilitator leads discussion on training and career development.
Facilitator makes sure the meetings run well, and monitors group dynamics.
Facilitator means a batterers' intervention group leader.
Facilitator means using instructional processes that impact all students.
Facilitator meets with teams and discusses the day's significant insights and interactions.
Facilitator needs good synthesizing skills.
Facilitator needs to be on-site.
Facilitator presents a flipchart listing some basic ground rules.
Facilitator records participants' comments on chart paper.
Facilitator reserves the right to grade each student individually.
Facilitator says a sentence.
Facilitator sees that all children have an opportunity to place blocks.
Facilitator select a state and model the research process.
Facilitator specializes in small business lending.
Facilitator stands at beginning of the line with a bowl of candies.
Facilitator starts by telling a story.
Facilitator summarizes the module.
Facilitator uses adapted brainstorming facilitation techniques.
Facilitator uses flip chart to summarize.
Facilitators act as liaisons between the course instructor and the students at downlink sites.
Facilitators act as master of ceremonies and facilitate experiential activities.
Facilitators act as the first line of response to student inquiries and curriculum-related issues.
Facilitators adapt the sessions to address the needs of a specific audience.
Facilitators alert members to chat protocol and manage questions for the guest.
Facilitators also address budgeting issues and communicating with former spouses and girlfriends.
Facilitators also lead discussions on weekends.
Facilitators also play a significant role in students' needs and concerns.
Facilitators also serve a long-term benefit in meeting the university vision and mission.
Facilitators are a key ingredient in the ultimate success of a team.
Facilitators are able to print class rosters for their PIEs.
Facilitators are able to print class rosters.
Facilitators are able to train and oversee groups at their local settings.
Facilitators are all over the web.
Facilitators are assistants.
Facilitators are available for individual help.
Facilitators are available for questions, problems, or just to talk.
Facilitators are available to offer workshops throughout Newfoundland and Labrador.
Facilitators are change agents and their role in the modern organization is absolutely critical.
Facilitators are concerned with how decisions are made instead of what decisions are reached.
Facilitators are effective.
Facilitators are generally academics.
Facilitators are generally from the same geographical area as their assigned group of new pastors.
Facilitators are illegal in most states.
Facilitators are illegal in several states.
Facilitators are in the process of shifting from being a manager to being a leader.
Facilitators are in transition.
Facilitators are industry professionals and business owners.
Facilitators are located in meetings.
Facilitators are long-term professionals with proven expertise in developing HR departments.
Facilitators are on had strictly for support and mediation if necessary.
Facilitators are on hand to encourage people to make comments and engage in debate.
Facilitators are present at special chat events with a guest speaker.
Facilitators are present to set boundaries and keep the venting from getting out of control.
Facilitators are primarily present to oversee the group process.
Facilitators are qualified professionals who encourage participation and group cohesion.
Facilitators are retired ASD teachers.
Facilitators are successful people who love to see others succeed.
Facilitators are there to keep people focused, and make sure that everybody can participate.
Facilitators are trained area school teachers.
Facilitators are undergraduates who have successfully completed the course.
Facilitators are usually academics.
Facilitators are workers.
Facilitators ask questions, guide a group to consensus, and use information to motivate action.
Facilitators assist children to express their feelings through play therapy and activities.
Facilitators assist parents in preparation for their child's baptism.
Facilitators attend an orientation session.
Facilitators attend and moderate regional Internet discussion forums and weekly chat sessions.
Facilitators begin as highly qualified content instructors.
Facilitators begin each session with centering and lighting a three-wick candle.
Facilitators can add and replace buttons.
Facilitators can adjust their interventions accordingly.
Facilitators can also do presentations and forums on violence prevention and community organizing.
Facilitators can also help set a loose time frame for the talks.
Facilitators can alter the program's features to fit the physical and learning needs of each child.
Facilitators can arrange travel to arrive at the facility at least three hours prior to the retreat.
Facilitators can be expensive, so try to find someone to volunteer facilitator services.
Facilitators can be external consultants or internal resource staff.
Facilitators can be members of the project team or district staff.
Facilitators can be teachers, assistants or noncertified tutors.
Facilitators can be teachers, assistants, or non-certified tutors.
Facilitators can call upon other resources if their knowledge of the issues is limited.
Facilitators can control the session for all users.
Facilitators can enforce time limits.
Facilitators can help with delicate negotiations or ongoing issues.
Facilitators can now move on from the traditional slide show.
Facilitators can of course accept the acknowledgement and even the praise of others.
Facilitators can provide the edge that the group needs to get the job done.
Facilitators can sign up for a session or a year.
Facilitators come from all walks of life.
Facilitators conclude the wrap-up session with comments.
Facilitators conduct the teen training workshop.
Facilitators conduct training and otherwise assist in local implementation efforts.
Facilitators emerge as valued consultants.
Facilitators enable medical educators to better understand their own learning processes.
Facilitators ensure the meetings stay focused and allow everyone to speak their turn.
Facilitators focus participants' questions about their sources.
Facilitators follow up on initial training with classroom visits, coaching, and team meeting.
Facilitators follow up on initial training with classroom visits, coaching, and team meetings.
Facilitators guide groups through ice breakers, games, and problem solving activities.
Facilitators guide students into productive areas.
Facilitators have experience in education and social services.
Facilitators have many responsibilities.
Facilitators have several options after inventories have been completed.
Facilitators have to know when to push and when to retreat.
Facilitators help create and share the experience in a Basic workshop.
Facilitators help each breakfast stay on topic.
Facilitators help groups bring closure to their journey through feedback and celebration.
Facilitators help increase the exchange of information and promote effective decision-making.
Facilitators help make the process easier.
Facilitators help participants set, achieve, and exceed personal goals.
Facilitators help people communicate.
Facilitators illustrate concepts using examples from the group.
Facilitators introduce the concept of moderation.
Facilitators keep to alloted time schedule.
Facilitators lead discussions on a range of topics both silly and serious.
Facilitators learn the skills to plan effectively and facilitate meetings that produce results.
Facilitators meet with agency leaders to outline objectives for planning meetings.
Facilitators move away and facilitated communication users change programs, jobs or schools.
Facilitators never guide someone to the correct choice.
Facilitators observe confidentiality of both client and group information.
Facilitators offer adoption related services for individuals going through the adoption process.
Facilitators perform routing, reasoning, and translation.
Facilitators pool The most important part of the organisation.
Facilitators present a dynamic new curriculum that has practical application.
Facilitators present the Life and Academic Skills curriculum.
Facilitators promote class discussion, act as proctors for exams and generally over see the classes.
Facilitators provide legal information regarding a wide variety of family law matters.
Facilitators receive a complimentary one-day conference registration.
Facilitators receive more training than do regular users, and are given more power and control.
Facilitators represent both a wide variety of class levels and majors.
Facilitators require training in order to keep meetings focused.
Facilitators respond with multiple strategies to meet their needs.
Facilitators serve as mentors and link youth to volunteer activities.
Facilitators share with each other new techniques, their successes and their learnings.
Facilitators speak clearly so everyone can hear.
Facilitators stress communication, trust and cooperation in a fun, non-threatening environment.
Facilitators strive to keep such costs as low as possible.
Facilitators tailor each program to meet the needs and objectives of the group.
Facilitators take attendance at each small group session via a sign-in sheet.
Facilitators tend to discuss the suitability of questions with each other.
Facilitators tend to network with attorneys, birthparents and adoptive families.
Facilitators then bring the information back to their own schools.
Facilitators then get the parties to brainstorm alternative approaches to the problem.
Facilitators turn sick meetings into productive work sessions .
Facilitators use a practitioner's approach to teach practical applications of the seminar materials.
Facilitators vary from meeting to meeting.
Facilitators welcome feedback and members ideas regarding topics and activities.
Facilitators work as a team and learn from one another.
Facilitators work like oil between steel gears.
Facilitators works for an open process.
Facilitators often have counseling backgrounds.
Facilitators often use nominal group process to elicit information from the group.
Facilitators often visit other groups and offer their discussion there.
Facilitators usually help groups set an agenda and manage the process of discussion.
Facilitators usually specialize in a particular model best suited to a particular class of problems.
All facilitators are doctoral-level professionals dedicated to the education of students.
All facilitators attend continuing education on both training techniques and class content.
Many facilitators are themselves gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgendered.
Many facilitators are wonderful and committed people.
Many facilitators avoid or skip any discussion about feelings and emotions during the debriefing.
Many facilitators charge application and program fees.
Many facilitators focus on techniques.
Many facilitators serve as contacts for schools well past the workshops.
Many facilitators work too hard.
Most Facilitators are also willing to travel to other communities to deliver the program.
Most facilitators elect to cover one or two chapters associated with one of the session dates.
Most facilitators have a variety of experiences.
Most facilitators worry about repeating the same simulation game with the same group.
Most facilitators worry about using similar training games with the same group.
Some facilitators are more competent than others.
Some facilitators are willing to let their agencies connect with their staff.
Some facilitators conduct their sessions boardroom style.
Some facilitators have expertise in cued speech.
Facilities management is a significant function within a corporate structure.
Facilities management is big business.
Facilities management is maintenance.
Facilities managers are frequently inconspicuous and lacking in confidence.
Facilities managers are grey and inconspicuous.
Facilities Managers are responsible for the overall maintenance program of a specific campus area.
Facilities managers can view employee demographics and verify access control privileges.
Facilities managers have the option of sampling more frequently than the schedule specified.
Most facilities managers use some type of administrative grid, usually rectangular.
Facility engineering is built into the product price.
Facility location is important.
Facility management can also help.
Facility management needs clear guidance about EHS goals and priorities.
Facility managers are responsible for maintaining safe, efficient, and economical site operations.
Facility managers deal with tables and chairs, maybe a phone line or two.
Facility managers define the practices and procedures for their own facilities.
Facility managers establish budget and rate structures for their services.
Facility managers have appropriate skills.
Facility managers have skills.
Facility managers open doors.
Facility managers perform tasks.
Facility managers say electronic commerce is best at improving response time and slashing paperwork.
Many facility managers agree.
Many facility managers are unprepared to handle the financial planning and management required.
Most facility managers are familiar with the practice of out-tasking.
Most facility managers have appropriate skills.
Most facility managers have skills.
Most facility managers perform tasks.
Some facility managers get keys.
Facility operation is independent of commercial power.
A facility is an artifact
Facilities accept cash, points or flex.
Facilities accommodate a wide variety of programs and disciplines.
Facilities accommodate the discovery of knowledge and the creation of new products.
Facilities affect cost.
Facilities afford food and lodging, recreation and entertainment.
Facilities agree to provide child care for a minimum of two years after the award expiration date.
Facilities allow for full wood, metal and plastic construction.
Facilities allow for students to do marine studies.
Facilities also are available for the nondestructive testing of ordnance and rocket motors.
Facilities also exist at other sites in and around Manchester for boating and yachting.
Facilities also exist for catered events and conferences.
Facilities also exist for cell culture immunohistochemistry and electron microscopy.
Facilities also exist for continuous Video-EEG monitoring for seizures of unknown origin.
Facilities also exist for individual research using the extensive archives on site.
Facilities also exist for users to build custom modules.
Facilities also exist to cold isopress ceramic parts, such as disks.
Facilities also exist to undertake studies in supercritical fluid technology.
Facilities also has a recycling bin for student use outside all residence halls.
Facilities also has no control over when they work or how they dress.
Facilities also have open lab times.
Facilities also have policies and procedures to deal with wandering.
Facilities also offer lessons, and hayrides are often available.
Facilities also provides information and resources to educate workers about possible heat dangers.
Facilities also serve children and adults of all ages impaired by injury or chronic conditions.
Facilities also supports vital office functions including mail systems and office supplies.
Facilities appropriately accommodate community use.
Facilities are a bike rack, toilet, and viewing platform.
Facilities are a bit old but they re all in good working order.
Facilities are a major problem.
Facilities are a necessary and important component of that strategic direction.
Facilities are accessible to disabled visitors at all sites.
Facilities are accessible to guests who rely on artificial or mechanical devices to be ambulatory.
Facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.
Facilities are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Facilities are accessible to the disabled.
Facilities are accessible to the handicapped.
Facilities are accessible to the physically challenged.
Facilities are accessible to tour buses and large motorhomes.
Facilities are accountable to the RRs.
Facilities are adequate and include a pleasant rooftop pool and two restaurants.
Facilities are adequate for library staff.
Facilities are adequate to deliver instructional programs.
Facilities are also an important tool in recruiting new faculty.
Facilities are also available for a horse trailer or camper hook-up.
Facilities are also available for biomechanical testing.
Facilities are also available for boating, hiking, and camping.
Facilities are also available for cell and organ culture.
Facilities are also available for DC, RF, and optical testing of devices and circuits.
Facilities are also available for demo reel creation.
Facilities are also available for foreign transactions, statement reminders and spending patterns.
Facilities are also available for garden ceremonies, showers, and rehearsal dinners.
Facilities are also available for lap-top computers.
Facilities are also available for less popular activities such as badminton and bowling.
Facilities are also available for making video-tapes of animations.
Facilities are also available for microindentation testing - including temperature variant tests.
Facilities are also available for microinjection of cells in culture.
Facilities are also available for molecular biology and cell culture work.
Facilities are also available for outdoor activities.
Facilities are also available for out-door conferences.
Facilities are also available for private planes.
Facilities are also available for pursuing projects of the applicant's choice.
Facilities are also available for receptions, dinners and private parties.
Facilities are also available for rent.
Facilities are also available for retreats and extended camps.
Facilities are also available for stereotactic biopsy of brain lesions and endoscopic laser surgery.
Facilities are also available for sterility testing cytotoxic products.
Facilities are also available for the analysis of fat crystallization behaviour.
Facilities are also available for the physically challenged.
Facilities are also available for tissue culture experiments.
Facilities are also available locally for horse riding.
Facilities are also available nearby for ice skating, golf, tennis and field sports.
Facilities are also available to edit and view video tapes.
Facilities are also available to educational, religious, or governmental organizations.
Facilities are also available to other groups wishing to rent the facilities.
Facilities are also flexible and adaptable for future changes.
Facilities are also good in Barcelona and the surrounding area, as well as along the Costa del Sol.
Facilities are also in great demand.
Facilities are also in place for component and subsystem environmental testing.
Facilities are also limited to the west side of the reservoir and dam.
Facilities are also well suited for corporate retreats.
Facilities are an important part of competing for championships.
Facilities are artifacts.
Facilities are as offline as they come.
Facilities are at their original, trackside locations unless otherwise noted.
Facilities are available and the area offers ample opportunity for rock climbing and fossil hunting.
Facilities are available at a number of locations throughout the town.
Facilities are available at all main towns and hotels.
Facilities are available at both the East Falls and Center City campuses for hands-on instruction.
Facilities are available at hotels.
Facilities are available at main post offices.
Facilities are available at main towns and hotels.
Facilities are available at most large hotels.
Facilities are available at the airport and trade banks.
Facilities are available at the campgrounds and at the swimming area.
Facilities are available close to the trailhead.
Facilities are available for academic purposes to campus departments at no charge.
Facilities are available for all faiths.
Facilities are available for all sporting activities including sailing, swimming, squash, sauna etc.
Facilities are available for all students' use during non-scheduled classes or activities.
Facilities are available for almost any sport, and most students participate in intramural sports.
Facilities are available for anatomical, morphological and molecular research.
Facilities are available for banquets and meetings.
Facilities are available for biocontainment of zoonotic or other hazards.
Facilities are available for booking.
Facilities are available for both female and male residents.
Facilities are available for breakfast.
Facilities are available for business meetings, conferences and parties.
Facilities are available for camping and there is plenty of space for parking caravans.
Facilities are available for camping, boating, picnicking and swimming.
Facilities are available for catered affairs.
Facilities are available for changing.
Facilities are available for church picnics, banquets, concerts, retreats or summer camp.
Facilities are available for classes, meetings, children's birthday parties, and sports events.
Facilities are available for clinical examinations and treatment of minor injuries.
Facilities are available for clinics, shows, and competitions.
Facilities are available for coffee.
Facilities are available for complex radiographic and diagnostic imaging.
Facilities are available for contract use to all business and industry.
Facilities are available for copying microfilm pages.
Facilities are available for cycling, horse riding, swimming and yoga.
Facilities are available for disabled guests.
Facilities are available for disabled users.
Facilities are available for doing both hardware and software research.
Facilities are available for drop-in use throughout the week.
Facilities are available for editing, compiling, program text formatting, and mail access.
Facilities are available for educational, social and cultural events with a multicultural flavour.
Facilities are available for examining maps and atlases.
Facilities are available for executive meetings, conferences, and private parties.
Facilities are available for experimental study and research in a number of areas of physics.
Facilities are available for faculty or student projects that require graphic materials production.
Facilities are available for fishing, hunting, swimming, hiking, boating and primitive camping.
Facilities are available for fly, bank and boat fishermen.
Facilities are available for genealogical research.
Facilities are available for glove box fabrication of actinide containing ceramics.
Facilities are available for golfing, tennis and year-round swimming.
Facilities are available for graduate research in several areas of biology.
Facilities are available for group functions.
Facilities are available for groups including a well-equipped classroom and reference library.
Facilities are available for groups needing overnight accommodations.
Facilities are available for groups or individuals to provide and make their own food.
Facilities are available for guests with disabilities.
Facilities are available for heating water for flask and hot drink.
Facilities are available for hire seven days a week.
Facilities are available for hire seven days per week.
Facilities are available for housing animals and growing plants year-round.
Facilities are available for housing experimental animals and plants.
Facilities are available for individual and small group listening and viewing.
Facilities are available for individual or group viewing.
Facilities are available for indoor or outdoor concerts.
Facilities are available for inmate visitors as well as confidential attorney interviews.
Facilities are available for large group functions if needed.
Facilities are available for light sampling and retail sales.
Facilities are available for listening to material from the collection.
Facilities are available for making photocopies of microfiches.
Facilities are available for mechanically unloading or overloading bone in vivo.
Facilities are available for meetings, workshops and other community use. . . .
Facilities are available for meetings, workshops and other community use.
Facilities are available for members' simchas and rental to outside organizations.
Facilities are available for microsurgery, replantation and hand surgery.
Facilities are available for movement analysis and magnetic stimulation.
Facilities are available for nursing babies, preparing formula and diaper changing.
Facilities are available for office laboratory studies and a variety of procedures.
Facilities are available for on-site interviewing.
Facilities are available for outdoor and indoor play, learning activities and for naps.
Facilities are available for participant usage during open scheduling hours.
Facilities are available for physically challenged hunters.
Facilities are available for previewing materials.
Facilities are available for private functions.
Facilities are available for provision of car transport for hospital visits.
Facilities are available for pupils with a wide range of abilities.
Facilities are available for quiet study.
Facilities are available for recreational use by students throughout the school year.
Facilities are available for rent.
Facilities are available for rental by congregations and community groups in the spring and fall .
Facilities are available for rental.
Facilities are available for renting boats and watercraft.
Facilities are available for research in each of the areas.
Facilities are available for research related to both anatomic and clinical pathology.
Facilities are available for seminars, educational meetings, and large group meetings.
Facilities are available for seminars, films, and exhibits.
Facilities are available for short-term housing, teaching, and research.
Facilities are available for skill development training.
Facilities are available for small group meetings, seminars, and the study of audiovisual materials.
Facilities are available for small group study.
Facilities are available for small meetings and retreats.
Facilities are available for small private functions.
Facilities are available for small seminars.
Facilities are available for special occasions, dinners, weddings, receptions, and business events.
Facilities are available for standard coating processes using evaporation and sputtering.
Facilities are available for students who wish to undertake a research degree at postgraduate level.
Facilities are available for tear-down, inspection and storage.
Facilities are available for tennis, badminton, ping pong, horseshoes, volleyball and softball.
Facilities are available for testing and measuring motor characteristics.
Facilities are available for the collection of prescription charges or for declaring exemption.
Facilities are available for the conduct of outpatient and inpatient studies.
Facilities are available for the duplication of unrestricted materials.
Facilities are available for the individuals with disabilities.
Facilities are available for the production and maturation of a wide range of cheese varieties.
Facilities are available for the re-charging of video machines, cameras etc.
Facilities are available for the recharging of video machines, cameras etc.
Facilities are available for the study and analysis of teaching physical education.
Facilities are available for the testing of specimens under ultra-violet light.
Facilities are available for the treatment of minor injuries.
Facilities are available for use by other Christian organizations.
Facilities are available for use by students, faculty and staff, and the community.
Facilities are available for use by the general community.
Facilities are available for use seven days a week.
Facilities are available for venous ligation, arterial canalization and penile implants.
Facilities are available for visual therapy.
Facilities are available for walking, jogging, biking, bird watching, horseshoes, and fishing.
Facilities are available for work in electronic and computer music.
Facilities are available from any post office.
Facilities are available in all main towns and hotels.
Facilities are available in all telegraph offices, most major hotels and post offices.
Facilities are available in Kigali and main hotels.
Facilities are available in Lima and main hotels.
Facilities are available in main centres.
Facilities are available in main hotels.
Facilities are available in main towns.
Facilities are available in major hotels.
Facilities are available in most towns.
Facilities are available in some hotels.
Facilities are available in the capital and main hotels.
Facilities are available in the capital.
Facilities are available in the daytime or nighttime.
Facilities are available in the library for individual and group listening and viewing.
Facilities are available in the restaurant for meetings.
Facilities are available on a first come first serve basis.
Facilities are available on the island for both squash and tennis.
Facilities are available on the island for private planes and boats.
Facilities are available on the main floor to accommodate residents with disablilities.
Facilities are available on the water, at the water's edge, in town and out in the countryside.
Facilities are available outside the units.
Facilities are available throughout the country at main post offices.
Facilities are available to accomplish most hot and cold working methods.
Facilities are available to allow for both academic and social development of the students.
Facilities are available to assist in the loading of items.
Facilities are available to assist parties or witnesses with special needs.
Facilities are available to children at designated times only.
Facilities are available to conduct the mediation proceedings.
Facilities are available to dine indoors or alfresco beneath bougainvillea-covered trellises.
Facilities are available to evaluate and open intact devices for wire bond and die shear testing.
Facilities are available to faculty and staff through sign-up sheets in the lab.
Facilities are available to forward, reverse, pause and stop reading a mail.
Facilities are available to foster interests in basic science or clinical research.
Facilities are available to individuals and intermediaries.
Facilities are available to listen to the tapes.
Facilities are available to meet the various needs of businessmen and companies.
Facilities are available to new or relocating businesses.
Facilities are available to operate spatially correspondent manipulators if required.
Facilities are available to produce computer-generated slides.
Facilities are available to provide a permanent hard record of the lighting plot.
Facilities are available to store an RV or boat.
Facilities are available to the community.
Facilities are available to the public.
Facilities are available to users, generally without cost, through a peer-review proposal process.
Facilities are available upon request for special events.
Facilities are available year round for residents to perform anatomic dissections on their own time.
Facilities are available year round to groups, individuals, or families.
Facilities are available year-round.
Facilities are available, on a limited basis, to visiting scientists from around the world.
Facilities are available, the time frame is right now.
Facilities are available.
Facilities are average in range but what exists are surprisingly good.
Facilities are basic - there is access to water and electricity but no other services are provided.
Facilities are basic and electricity is provided via a generator.
Facilities are basic usually a water tank but no toilets.
Facilities are basic, with an open-air bathroom and composting toilet.
Facilities are basic.
Facilities are below.
Facilities are boat ramp, picnic tables, cooking grills, fire slabs, toilets and drinking water.
Facilities are chronically understaffed and under-regulated.
Facilities are clean and functional.
Facilities are clean but amenities are bare bones minimum.
Facilities are clean, attractive, flexible, and accessible, with outstanding technological features.
Facilities are closer, however.
Facilities are comfortable and air-onditioned.
Facilities are commodities, and the value is created at the edge.
Facilities are commonly know as POTWs or publicly owned treatment works .
Facilities are comparable to dorm facilities in the United States.
Facilities are complete including a snorkel gear rental concession.
Facilities are completely accessible.
Facilities are completely inadequate for students and faculty.
Facilities are conveniently to hand.
Facilities are deliberately first class as part of the healing atmosphere.
Facilities are difficult to find and finance.
Facilities are easily accessible and welcoming.
Facilities are en suite and include a shower, toilet and basin.
Facilities are en-suite.
Facilities are especially family-friendly.
Facilities are essential to give staff and volunteers a place to be in a ministry.
Facilities are excellent and provide a pleasant atmosphere.
Facilities are excellent and readily accessible.
Facilities are excellent and the actual circuit is a mix of slow corners and tight hairpins.
Facilities are excellent and the settings often spectacular.
Facilities are excellent at Black Rock.
Facilities are excellent, with laboratories continually updating equipment and instrumentation.
Facilities are excellent.
Facilities are exquisite.
Facilities are extensive and many of the activities offered are complimentary.
Facilities are extensive as there is a fairly large local yacht population.
Facilities are extremely comfortable with many extra amenities.
Facilities are extremely limited.
Facilities are facilities.
Facilities are first class.
Facilities are for guests only.
Facilities are for the use of registered guests only.
Facilities are free, but donations are customary.
Facilities are fully accessible to the handicapped and includes lots of free parking.
Facilities are fully accessible.
Facilities are fully en-suite with separate bath and shower, and include bathrobes and toiletries.
Facilities are fully wheelchair accessible.
Facilities are generally very good, although perhaps a little overpriced.
Facilities are good and are available in most offices and hotels.
Facilities are good and clean and the meal is good too.
Facilities are good for local and long-distance use.
Facilities are good for Short or Long term stay.
Facilities are good with cheap accommodation and transport, together with good viewing.
Facilities are great, partly because of the university's presence.
Facilities are gym, table tennis, bowling, sauna and a cafe.
Facilities are handicap accessible.
Facilities are important, too.
Facilities are in a constant state of change.
Facilities are in a state of constant flux.
Facilities are in place for a washer and dryer.
Facilities are in place for disabled students.
Facilities are in place now for use by the presidential transition.
Facilities are in urban, suburban, and rural locales.
Facilities are include a boat ramp with dock, mountain bike trail and hiking trail.
Facilities are inequitable.
Facilities are instrumental in attracting new staff, faculty, researchers, and students.
Facilities are limited and full health insurance is advised.
Facilities are limited and many sports are simply unavailable.
Facilities are limited and supplies are either shipped or flown in.
Facilities are limited but a boardwalk provides access to a virgin cypress strand.
Facilities are limited to camp and caravan sites served by communal ablutions.
Facilities are limited to main towns and hotels.
Facilities are limited to picnic tables and trails throughout the woods.
Facilities are limited to the amount of furniture available at any given time.
Facilities are limited to toilets and some semi-flat ground for the tents.
Facilities are limited.
Facilities are mainly for small boats.
Facilities are mainly open-lot.
Facilities are minimal in order to keep costs down.
Facilities are minimal.
Facilities are modern and convenient.
Facilities are modern and laboratories are well equipped.
Facilities are modern and offer high tech equipment.
Facilities are modern and our technology up to date.
Facilities are modern and there is state of the art equipment.
Facilities are modern and well maintained.
Facilities are modest.
Facilities are more limited in outlying centres.
Facilities are near public transportation and are handicapped accessible.
Facilities are new and lavish.
Facilities are new and outstanding with showers, laundry, fish cleaning, etc.
Facilities are new, modern and well-organized.
Facilities are nonexistent, but the beach is ideal for a romantic picnic.
Facilities are normally available during academic year breaks, and summer.
Facilities are normally available during the regular operational hours of the college.
Facilities are now available for seminar groups, summer schools, research projects and much more.
Facilities are now available to access generic relations without providing comparison code.
Facilities are now very good.
Facilities are of sufficient size to readily adapt to a greater number of students in the program.
Facilities are off campus, but limited to geographic locations.
Facilities are often available on an un-monitored basis.
Facilities are often far down the list.
Facilities are often rustic which promotes living in harmony with nature.
Facilities are often very basic.
Facilities are old and inadequate, resources are few and repairs are continuous.
Facilities are old.
Facilities are on right.
Facilities are on the left.
Facilities are one of the leisure service providers' key assets.
Facilities are only available for use during the posted hours.
Facilities are open all year.
Facilities are open by arrangement for use by other members of the biomedical research community.
Facilities are open days, evenings and weekends.
Facilities are open during operational hours.
Facilities are open extended hours including evenings and weekends.
Facilities are open seasonally.
Facilities are open seven days per week during the academic year and often during the break periods.
Facilities are open throughout the day for scheduled student use.
Facilities are open to active duty, ready reserve, and retired military members.
Facilities are open to all visitors.
Facilities are open to any organizations.
Facilities are open to both sexes equally.
Facilities are open when school is in session.
Facilities are overcrowded, and food is inadequate.
Facilities are perfectly clean.
Facilities are pleasant and visitors always welcome.
Facilities are pointless unless they support learning.
Facilities are poor, either none or poor air conditioning.
Facilities are poor, upkeep is shabby - funds are obviously scarce.
Facilities are poorer in some houses, however.
Facilities are practically non-existent, with only a portapotty at the site.
Facilities are present to aid in cleaning and packaging game harvested.
Facilities are primarily to be used for educational purposes.
Facilities are primitive.
Facilities are quite modern while the new log cabins maintain a rustic flavor.
Facilities are readily available for in-library listening and viewing of all material types.
Facilities are relatively good, and processing is fast.
Facilities are required to act on any findings or recommendations physicists consider important.
Facilities are responsible for maintaining the water in a safe and healthy manner.
Facilities are right on the water.
Facilities are rudimentary but that makes it all the more fun.
Facilities are rustic and include portatoilets and outdoor shower.
Facilities are rustic and include portatoilets and outdoor wash sink.
Facilities are safe, secure, and comply with the legal requirements of the State of Georgia.
Facilities are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Facilities are searchable by zip code or city.
Facilities are security and free from encroachment.
Facilities are services.
Facilities are similar to the coach companies above, but with a hostess service and toilet on board.
Facilities are sites.
Facilities are so nice they have unfair recruiting advantage.
Facilities are sparse.
Facilities are Spartan, clean and adequate.
Facilities are spartan, discipline strict.
Facilities are state of the art and are constantly upgraded.
Facilities are state of the art, as is the staff.
Facilities are state of the art.
Facilities are still limited, but trails are open.
Facilities are still quite basic but comfortable.
Facilities are still relatively basic, but some exclusive resorts are available.
Facilities are subject to change.
Facilities are suitable for weddings, meetings and banquets as well.
Facilities are the best known for Residential style living.
Facilities are the crossroads for traffic moving coast to coast and north to south.
Facilities are the horse.
Facilities are the single largest asset on the institution's budget balance sheet.
Facilities are the third resource to be examined if the plans ever meant to become true.
Facilities are to be left clean and orderly.
Facilities are to be left in the same condition as they are found.
Facilities are to provide the information requested within the instructions for each field.
Facilities are top-notch.
Facilities are typically to a high standard with green fees very affordable.
Facilities are uneven and, in some cases, severely inadequate.
Facilities are upkeep and maintained as and when necessary.
Facilities are user pays, but students qualify for discounted charges at competitive rates.
Facilities are usually busiest a day or two before a project is due.
Facilities are usually open from Memorial Day to October.
Facilities are vault toilets, drinking water,picnic tables and grills.
Facilities are very basic.
Facilities are very expensive, especially on-campus.
Facilities are very expensive.
Facilities are very good and the people nice and with service-spirit.
Facilities are very good.
Facilities are very limited.
Facilities are very modern and well equipped.
Facilities are very nice and the people are very friendly.
Facilities are very nice with docks, diving platforms and shower facilities.
Facilities are vitally important in the recruitment of students.
Facilities are well maintained and offer comfortable living and recreation.
Facilities are wheel-chair accessible.
Facilities are wheelchair accessible.
Facilities are where meetings are held and planning is accomplished.
Facilities are widely available.
Facilities are within an industrial area and designed primarily for bulk cargo handling.
Facilities are woefully inadequate.
Facilities attempt to erect safeguards, but errors continue to occur.
Facilities become reality.
Facilities benefit from providing such sites in many ways.
Facilities built under the privatization contract are air-conditioned.
Facilities calling themselves the same thing can be very different.
Facilities can accept tree stumps, and trunks of any size.
Facilities can accommodate both small and large production runs.
Facilities can accommodate day meeting and luncheon groups up to a maximum of sixty people.
Facilities can accommodate seminars, retreats and small reunions.
Facilities can add capacity in almost infinite increments as needed.
Facilities can also establish reinforcement mechanisms to encourage leadership thinking.
Facilities can also set the mood for formal, informal, or auditorium style programs.
Facilities can better accommodate staff increases.
Facilities can choose to release the restricted information to the public without restrictions.
Facilities can determine audience size, date, and time.
Facilities can determine if the particular roof is still under warranty.
Facilities can earn one, three or five stars, depending on how they address environmental threats.
Facilities can even compare their efforts to other facilities in the field.
Facilities can include colleges, hospitals, real estate properties, and hotels.
Facilities can include squash courts, fitness centres and swimming pools.
Facilities can install warm fluorescent light bulbs in overhead fixtures to mute glare.
Facilities can join at any time and the commitment is renewable on an annual basis.
Facilities can meet the goal by being permitted or other administrative action.
Facilities can obtain e-mail versions by contacting the agencies procedures unit.
Facilities can offer a diversity or continuity of design, construction, and usage.
Facilities can plan programs for various times.
Facilities can play a major role in preventing accidents.
Facilities can post a notice in a general area that they recruit respondents for other projects.
Facilities can provide guaranteed budget and schedule.
Facilities can receive ResQUIP payments without meeting even minimum quality of care standards.
Facilities can register more than one participant.
Facilities can set their own rates.
Facilities can start with a few applications and, if necessary, add modules quickly and easily.
Facilities can use the device in office-ventilation systems, cooling systems, and other areas.
Facilities can usually supply approximate capacity information.
Facilities cater for every purpose, be it business or pleasure.
Facilities cater to conventions, receptions and family events.
Facilities Check out our modern comfortable facilities, student services and amenities.
Facilities Check the bulletin for volunteer work days.
Facilities Click on an image below to enlarge the graphic and obtain detailed information.
Facilities coming up soon are health club, tennis court and a conference hall.
Facilities Complementing the main golf course is a six-hole academy layout and driving range.
Facilities conduct audits because they make sense.
Facilities Consider sharing space with another designer or noncompeting firm.
Facilities consist of a small house trailer which is both living quarters and office.
Facilities consist of an out-house.
Facilities consist of basic laboratory space for research and development activities.
Facilities consist of grass rigging area, change rooms and fresh water.
Facilities consist of picnic areas, playground, privies, bank fishing and drinking water.
Facilities consist of rooming in a farmhouse with full amenities.
Facilities consist of three campsites, restrooms and picnic tables only.
Facilities continue to be important to communities.
Facilities continue to be improved by local organizations' service projects.
Facilities continue to be the pressing issue.
Facilities continue to be upgraded for everyone's enjoyment.
Facilities continue to be upgraded to improve production efficiencies.
Facilities continue to deteriorate.
Facilities covers a broad range of services.
Facilities create a sense of place and bring to pass memories.
Facilities Create long term facilities plan.
Facilities create the appropriate environment and are the conduit for academic excellence.
Facilities Describe the facilities available for the proposed program.
Facilities Describe the school's buildings.
Facilities describes the buildings and grounds as well as furniture and classrooms.
Facilities designed to control air and water pollution are exempt from property tax.
Facilities Develop a framework for overall improvement of facilities and operations.
Facilities dictate what a city can do.
Facilities differ widely in basic concepts, atmosphere, amenities and services.
Facilities embedded within the programme can go on to give a clearer picture of how students learn.
Facilities employ individuals.
Facilities encourage instructor-student interaction and collaboration.
Facilities encourage workers.
Facilities Enjoy a picnic or BBQ in the beautiful grounds.
Facilities Enjoy the convenience of our Media on Line press room.
Facilities exceed adequacy and stimulate learning.
Facilities exist across Canada.
Facilities exist for a client to get a list of all other clients and their numbers.
Facilities exist for both clinical and laboratory based research activities.
Facilities exist for both fabrication and measurement of devices on nano-meter scale.
Facilities exist for carrying out both physical beneficiation and hydrometallurgy.
Facilities exist for deleting rates by date, source job or code range.
Facilities exist for handling charcoal exports at the berth.
Facilities exist for mother and baby admission and couples to be admitted together.
Facilities exist for overnight accommodation, fuel, and maintenance services.
Facilities exist for overnight accommodations, fuel and maintenance services.
Facilities exist for overseas cables, telexes, and radiotelephone messages to ships at sea.
Facilities exist for sterio imaging, dual magnification or dual display of different image signals.
Facilities exist for students to study a European language as part of their degree.
Facilities exist for the custody and care of old plans and survey records.
Facilities exist in main post offices of Panama City and other major cities and hotels.
Facilities exist in some public libraries to allow users to connect portable computers on site.
Facilities exist on both major campuses.
Facilities exist to clean and mark bones and to identify and sort remains.
Facilities exist to enable high speed photographic and video records of impact to be obtained.
Facilities exist to find out what physical port is represented by each number.
Facilities exist to support modular program development and type-secure, separate compilation.
Facilities failing to meet the standards are subject to fine or other enforcement actions.
Facilities feature assistive resources, voice-activated computers, and personal counselling.
Facilities Find out about the research facilities, labs and libraries available.
Facilities fir the handicapped and programs for all levels of special education are available.
Facilities follow policy.
Facilities foster the improvement of physical facilities iv.
Facilities generally maintain a list of physicians who have patients in their facilities.
Facilities generate first impressions.
Facilities Get a good look at all the facilities.
Facilities get temporary relief from ergonomics standard.
Facilities give nurse aides small cards or forms that are typically the face sheet to the care plan.
Facilities give players a variety of playing surfaces, including grass, and are well-maintained.
Facilities Gives a description and photographs of the laboratory and computer facilities.
Facilities has a description of the buildings here on campus.
Facilities has a written priority list for snow removal.
Facilities have (part) sections.
Facilities have a clear understanding of their pollution prevention direction.
Facilities have a legal mandate to report patient abuse.
Facilities have a method for identifying and documenting wastes and emissions.
Facilities have a patrician flavor.
Facilities have a value over a specified time period.
Facilities have access to corporate resources for program implementation.
Facilities have all the equipment necessary for massage therapy training.
Facilities have an incentive to use ambulance services wisely.
Facilities have backups.
Facilities have different processes and products.
Facilities have doors.
Facilities have equip rooms.
Facilities have equipment.
Facilities have fire doors.
Facilities have flexibility to accommodate changing needs and new technologies.
Facilities have no standardized clinical vocabulary.
Facilities have pollution prevention goals.
Facilities have responsibility.
Facilities have restrooms, but no showers.
Facilities have rooms.
Facilities have routine.
Facilities have the ability to measure progress.
Facilities have the latest instruments necessary for research in modern microbiology.
Facilities have types.
Facilities have wait rooms.
Facilities have water and electric hookups.
Facilities here are available for boat rac- ing, windsurfing, motor boat racing and water skiing.
Facilities here are limited to bathrooms, and there's adequate snorkling.
Facilities here are limited to washrooms and tent platforms with windbreaks.
Facilities here are much more basic and there is no meals service.
Facilities hopes to have it done by the start of classes in the fall.
Facilities iclude flush toilets, showers and firewood.
Facilities Imagine a school with no photocopy machines.
Facilities includea restaurant and lounge, microwave ovens, and whirlpool.
Facilities includes a camp store and central dining area where meals are served.
Facilities includes both a camping area and a day use area.
Facilities including meeting, lodging, dining, worship, program, and recreation are available.
Facilities indicated are either at the establishment or nearby.
Facilities Investigate the library.
Facilities is part of that plan.
Facilities is responsible for responding to email and telephone requests.
Facilities is responsible for set up the room and providing audio visual support.
Facilities is responsible for the care and maintenance of parish buildings and grounds upkeep.
Facilities layout at auto assembly plant.
Facilities Learn about the historic plant and pea patch.
Facilities located at the park include three tennis courts, play equipment, and a basketball court.
Facilities located in major cities hold their appeal over time, too.
Facilities Look at our website.
Facilities look pretty good.
Facilities Maintains the buildings and grounds and provides custodial and security services.
Facilities maintains the buildings and grounds.
Facilities Make sure ventilation systems are operating properly.
Facilities Manage multiple buildings, offices, telco closets, etc.
Facilities mean more than just brick and mortar.
Facilities means one or more structures in one or more locations.
Facilities measure performance in a variety of multi-dimensional categories.
Facilities meet requirements.
Facilities meet specific requirements.
Facilities meet state and local building, fire and health codes.
Facilities now shine, they plan to tell commissioners.
Facilities offer accessible, interactive learning environments for today's adult learner.
Facilities offer all the amenities for terrific learning experiences.
Facilities offer medical technology.
Facilities offer meeting rooms and rehearsal rooms for choral, dance and theatrical groups.
Facilities offer spaces to conduct business and perform workday tasks.
Facilities offer spacious lobby with fireplace, indoor pool and fitness center.
Facilities offer spacious lobby with fireplace.
Facilities offer sustenance for the body, mind, and spirit.
Facilities offer technology.
Facilities offering internships include landscaping, greenhouses, golf courses and many others.
Facilities only begin to experience power problems once the power is used inside their building.
Facilities open weather permitting.
Facilities operate seven days a week.
Facilities operate under the procedures established in a facility biosafety manual.
Facilities operated by the federal government are exempt.
Facilities operating with set schedules can reduce energy consumption with load schedules.
Facilities operating without a manager of operations can have their permits revoked.
Facilities oversees the physical plant and grounds.
Facilities pay an assessment fee and a registration fee.
Facilities periodically publish results against goals.
Facilities promote and enhance the quality of life.
Facilities proposed include an oiled bird care facility, animal hospital, auditorium, and refuge.
Facilities provide a comfortable, attractive and safe working environment.
Facilities provide a location for instruction, lectures, forums, and workshops.
Facilities provide a place to gather and make new friends.
Facilities provide a stimulating, safe leaning environment.
Facilities provide a wide range of specialized glass making and fibre drawing equipment.
Facilities provide both educational and recreational opportunities.
Facilities provide comfort.
Facilities provide cost.
Facilities provide food.
Facilities provide for picnicking, camping, hiking, fishing and hunting.
Facilities provide for picnicking, hiking, hunting and camping.
Facilities provide for picnicking, hiking, hunting, bathing, boating and fishing.
Facilities provide services.
Facilities provide space for the technical functions of the library media program.
Facilities provide steel doors, along with lit and fenced compounds.
Facilities provide the capacity to propagate and analyze a wide variety of organisms.
Facilities provide the means for accomplishing work.
Facilities provided are minimal in keeping with the classification of the state lands.
Facilities provided are picnic tables, fire grills and toilets.
Facilities provided are primitive in keeping with the general atmosphere of the area.
Facilities provided are, on-site parking, laundry room and indoor heated swimming pool.
Facilities provided for students are extensive.
Facilities provided in the strong rooms are adequate.
Facilities provided include a pool table, table tennis, a TV lounge and refreshments.
Facilities provided include flush toilets, picnic tables and fire rings.
Facilities provided include flush toilets, water faucets, tables and firepits.
Facilities provided include restrooms, picnic tables, and fire rings.
Facilities provides an overview of our classroom and diving resources.
Facilities providing such services operate under two general arrangements.
Facilities range from a neighbor s home to an elaborate institution.
Facilities range from air conditioned opulence to basic simplicity.
Facilities range from conference centers and dormitories to lodges and cabins.
Facilities range from historic lodges and cabins to newer hotels and campgrounds.
Facilities range from pretty awful to non-existent.
Facilities range from primitive to the most modern, and activities are many and varied.
Facilities range from public to championship courses, and golf packages are available.
Facilities range from rented homes to multi-million dollar campuses.
Facilities range from rustic and scenic to elegant and expertly groomed.
Facilities range from small outdoor ice rinks to multi-service centres.
Facilities range from tents, RVs, cabins, and lodges to fully equipped retreat centers.
Facilities range from the carpeted, air-conditioned Guest Lodge to cottages and dormitories.
Facilities range from the carpeting and airconditioning of Guest Lodge to cottages and dormatories.
Facilities range from the most modest to the most luxurious.
Facilities range in size.
Facilities receive allowances based on specific formulas contained in the law.
Facilities receive similar regular reviews and recompetition.
Facilities refers to sources of supplies or contact with emergency services nearest the trailhead.
Facilities reflect varying approaches in siting and design.
Facilities rent year-round, and fees vary based on the size of the group.
Facilities represent a long-term investment of the District.
Facilities represent perhaps the most significant cost for charter schools.
Facilities reset the alarm.
Facilities routinely make decisions for patients resulting in requests for ambulance services.
Facilities routinely prepare an incident report when minors are restrained.
Facilities Running sea water is supplied to all research rooms.
Facilities See our extensive range of rapid prototyping machines.
Facilities See the selection of public labs and printers available.
Facilities sell oysters.
Facilities serving qualified persons, such as schools and nursing homes, are also eligible.
Facilities still struggle with record keeping.
Facilities submit data on a quarterly basis.
Facilities support for charter public schools.
Facilities support for the curriculum.
Facilities support group decision-making, too.
Facilities support increased student achievement.
Facilities Take a look at the available facilities.
Facilities tend to be concentrated in cities, far from rural populations.
Facilities Tour our school.
Facilities try to individually identify each resident's room to help with recognition.
Facilities typically have a drive-through detection portal.
Facilities undergo maintenance.
Facilities use a champion or facilitator or focal point person to lead the program.
Facilities use an incident report as a tool in evaluating such situations.
Facilities use financial and non-financial criteria to evaluate projects.
Facilities use is limited by regular library hours.
Facilities use new technology to achieve significant improvement.
Facilities use varying types of fuel, different fuel handling methods, and different tools.
Facilities used for connectivity are to be used in a responsible, ethical, and legal manner.
Facilities uses salt and sand to minimize slippery conditions.
Facilities vary at each mining location, but most have restrooms and picnic and play areas.
Facilities vary at our branch libraries, please call the library director for more information.
Facilities vary between the different versions.
Facilities vary from campus.
Facilities vary from club to club.
Facilities vary from college to college.
Facilities vary from communal and basic to private and air-conditioned.
Facilities vary from individual careers guidance to workshops to a structured training course.
Facilities vary from site to site.
Facilities vary in size from one bay to very large operations.
Facilities vary in their accessibility to people with disabilities.
Facilities View our facility and learn some interesting facts about it.
Facilities Visit one of our many locations - addresses.
Facilities Visit the kitchens and classroom facilities.
Facilities wheelchair and stroller accessible.
Facility also features and outdoor pool, racquetball courts and locker rooms.
Facility also has an all grass, lighted putting course.
Facility also has classrooms, gift shop, cafe, library, and outdoor gardens.
Facility also includes administrative offices, warehousing, and shipping spaces.
Facility also includes modem access, gym, in-room movies and refrigerator.
Facility are fully accessible with all the amenities of home, including air-conditioning.
Facility -Attend preliminary code review meeting.
Facility begins CIP process and preparation for initial management review.
Facility breeds falsity.
Facility can accommodate two volunteers at a time.
Facility can also accommodate school and tour buses.
Facility can print all the invoices, transaction and statement from intacct website.
Facility can remain in service during surface installation.
Facility comes with, office, computers, fax, copier, printer and two desks.
Facility conforms to all United States government requirements.
Facility costs ar lower.
Facility depends on experience and informal peer training to meet needs.
Facility depends on experience and peer training to meet needs.
Facility features a full service bar and snack bar, driving range, and golf shop.
Facility features a special events center.
Facility features convenience store items and gas station.
Facility fills veterans' prescriptions.
Facility has access for the disabled.
Facility has air conditioning.
Facility has game room, computer room, weight room, stage, kitchen.
Facility has interior elevator system.
Facility has large teaching spaces.
Facility has on-sight laundry.
Facility has satellite downlink and uplink capabilities.
Facility has seperate diving well, with two one meter boards and one three meeting.
Facility has tremendous potential.
Facility hire Summer facility hire information is now available - click here to find out more.
Facility includes a baseball and soccer field and community center.
Facility includes a clubhouse complete with pro-shop and snack bar.
Facility includes a full set of Nautilus equipment, cardio machines, free weights, and shower rooms.
Facility includes a museum, discovery centre, farm, watermill and exhibits of rural life.
Facility includes a playground, pond, three shelters, a tot room, two meeting rooms and a kitchen.
Facility includes a print room with large format xerographic copier.
Facility includes access to computer, printer, fax and all necessary audio visual equipment.
Facility includes an incinerator equipped with a pollution abatement device in effective operation.
Facility includes boat ramp, tents and dump station.
Facility includes both office and maintenance areas.
Facility includes embedding, cleanroom and personalization.
Facility includes fitness gallery, four classrooms, whirlpool and co-ed sauna.
Facility includes gaming rooms with hundreds of slot machines and video poker games.
Facility includes heated pool, whirlpool, sauna, restaurant and nearby recreation.
Facility includes in-house physical therapy clinic.
Facility includes laboratories for college, high school and elementary school use.
Facility includes lounge, flush toilets, tennis courts, and heated pool.
Facility includes meeting space and restaurants.
Facility includes new and renovated teaching and research laboratories.
Facility includes office space only.
Facility includes office, manufacturing and laboratory space.
Facility includes plenty of office space, warehouse and maintenance areas.
Facility includes primary care practices radiology, urgent care, optometry and a laboratory.
Facility includes pro shop, dressing rooms and concession stand.
Facility includes tennis courts, swimming pool, rec' room, store, and rental chalets.
Facility includes trails, picnic areas and shelters, and scenic overlooks.
Facility includes two pools, running track, weight room, courts and gymnasium.
Facility is a very broad word.
Facility is accessible to disabled individuals.
Facility is also a resource for parents who can afford entire costs of day care for their children.
Facility is also present to specify per user boot-up options.
Facility is at the end of the road.
Facility is available for alternate theme events, weddings, business meetings and seminars.
Facility is available for rent.
Facility is available for small fee.
Facility is available in all electronic exchanges, digital as well as analogue.
Facility is back online.
Facility is both a gallery for contemporary art exhibits and a theater for performing artists.
Facility is clean and well maintained.
Facility is clean, modern, and air-conditioned.
Facility is cleaned up and returned to original condition within four hours after each event.
Facility is dedicated to seniors' use.
Facility is designed and flexed to accommodate all patient populations.
Facility is designed or adapted specifically to meet the needs of children.
Facility is equipped with age appropriate toys and activities.
Facility is equipped with magnetic particle separation.
Facility is fully secure.
Facility is handicap accessible.
Facility is handicapped accessible.
Facility is in Northern Indiana.
Facility is inspected.
Facility is located in Alberta, Canada.
Facility is located in Central Indiana.
Facility is located in NE Colorado.
Facility is located in Southern Illinois.
Facility is located on the ground floor of the building, with the entrance off the main lobby.
Facility is monitored to detect any contamination migration from the site.
Facility is new and used once a year.
Facility is non-smoking and is wheelchair accessible.
Facility is non-smoking.
Facility is on the left.
Facility is on the North side.
Facility is on the right hand side, second last building.
Facility is on the right.
Facility is on the second floor for a great view of the New River Canyon.
Facility is one mile on left.
Facility is one mile on right.
Facility is open daily to the public.
Facility is open eleven hours a day.
Facility is open for daily use.
Facility is open on weekends and some holidays.
Facility is open to all researchers.
Facility is open to non-members for event hosting.
Facility is open to the public for informal visits.
Facility is open to the public.
Facility is open year round with a gift shop on site.
Facility is open year round.
Facility is operated seasonally only.
Facility is owned and operated by The City of Amarillo.
Facility is partially barrier free.
Facility is rented for parties, meetings, concerts, horse and dog shows, auctions and much more.
Facility is shared with other individuals or groups up to the capacity of the bunkhouse.
Facility is small and private with easy access.
Facility is unable to transport residue to landfill on a timely basis.
Facility is wheelchair accessible.
Facility is within walking distance.
Facility isa artifact.
Facility lies within a quiet park like setting.
Facility looks beautiful from across the Internet.
Facility means a facility where shellfish are received, processed, repacked, shucked or distributed.
Facility means a medical facility or facility for the dependent.
Facility means any location intended as a site for medical treatment.
Facility meets current and future security considerations.
Facility meets safety standards, and has insignificant aesthetic or noise impacts.
Facility offers buggy rides, sleigh rides, pony rides and trail rides.
Facility offers room service, and an outdoor pool.
Facility offers school programs, summer camps and expeditions, and a variety of workshops.
Facility offers subacute and short-term rehab.
Facility offers television monitors, tables, concessions and bar service.
Facility opens for play.
Facility provides expansion room.
Facility provides growth capabilities.
Facility provides legally required training and makes effort to include all employees.
Facility provides multi-agency strategic support.
Facility provides pool, lush garden and transfers to beaches.
Facility provides separate entry and exit driveways.
Facility provides shelter and support for battered women and children.
Facility provides structured environment and a group setting.
Facility provides support and services to battered women and children.
Facility reimburses additional associated costs.
Facility reimburses any additional associated costs.
Facility related data includes availability of a pumpout, hours of operation, etc.
Facility retains the right to restrict additional items, per event.
Facility retains the right to screen applicants and to refuse services at their discretion.
Facility saves three million gallons of water annually.
Facility siting and permitting is a potentially contentious process.
Facility sits on acre.
Facility takes time.
Facilities often base policies and procedures on their previous experience.
Facilities often require students to work on special projects.
Facilities often require students to work on various projects.
Facilities usually consist of shared toilet facilities and communal kitchens.
All facilities accept or are covered by most major insurance.
All facilities accept residents who can pay bills outright.
All facilities allow for a relatively simple decommissioning process.
All facilities also provide an emergency call system.
All facilities are accessable to the physically challenged.
All facilities are accessible and services are tailored to meet individual needs.
All facilities are accessible by wheelchair.
All facilities are accessible for people with disabilities.
All facilities are accessible for people with physical disabilities.
All facilities are accessible for persons with disabilities.
All facilities are accessible or partially accessible to the disabled.
All facilities are accessible through the Internet.
All facilities are accessible to disabled at wheelchair-bound patients.
All facilities are accessible to disabled persons.
All facilities are accessible to disabled students.
All facilities are accessible to handicapped.
All facilities are accessible to people with disabilities including an equestrian mounting ramp.
All facilities are accessible to people with physical disabilities.
All facilities are accessible to persons in wheelchairs.
All facilities are accessible to persons with disabilities unless otherwise noted in the catalog.
All facilities are accessible to persons with disabilities.
All facilities are accessible to students with disabilities.
All facilities are accessible to the disabled .
All facilities are accessible to the disabled.
All facilities are accessible to the handicapped.
All facilities are accessible to the physically disabled.
All facilities are accessible to the physically handicapped.
All facilities are accessible to wheel chair users.
All facilities are accessible.
All facilities are air conditioned including dormitories and all work out facilities.
All facilities are air-conditioned and heated.
All facilities are air-conditioned.
All facilities are at full capacity, thus limiting livestock producers.
All facilities are available and the people are friendly.
All facilities are available at all times to approved users.
All facilities are available at Trout Lake community.
All facilities are available for a very low fee.
All facilities are available for evening and weekend events throughout the year.
All facilities are available for operations.
All facilities are available for recreational use.
All facilities are available for staff use.
All facilities are available for student use at designated times.
All facilities are available for students' research projects.
All facilities are available for use by our campers during recreation time.
All facilities are available for use by postgraduate students.
All facilities are available for use by students, faculty, staff, and guests.
All facilities are available in the town or nearby.
All facilities are available including a cafeteria.
All facilities are available to both majors and non-majors participating in the music program.
All facilities are available to faculty and students to conduct their research projects.
All facilities are available to guests at no extra charge.
All facilities are available to students and faculty for instruction in computer applications.
All facilities are available to students every day and into the night.
All facilities are available to the residents of the City of Vista.
All facilities are available within the city limits.
All facilities are available.
All facilities are barrier free.
All facilities are barrier-free.
All facilities are capable of being locked.
All facilities are capable of operating on an extended basis with emergency backup generators.
All facilities are captive sites.
All facilities are centrally air conditioned and heated.
All facilities are centrally air-conditioned or furnished with air conditioners.
All facilities are coed.
All facilities are currently open.
All facilities are easily accessible by public transportation.
All facilities are easily accessible, and reasonably priced motels are near all arenas.
All facilities are en suite.
All facilities are equipt with electricity.
All facilities are excellent in form and function.
All facilities are for all students.
All facilities are for resident guests only.
All facilities are for the use of members only and all residents are members.
All facilities are for the use of registered campers.
All facilities are free for guest use and are available year round.
All facilities are free to the public.
All facilities are freely available to residents.
All facilities are fully accessible to the handicapped.
All facilities are fully accessible.
All facilities are fully air-conditioned.
All facilities are fully handicapped accessible.
All facilities are fully operational.
All facilities are fully or partially handicapped-accessible.
All facilities are generally accessible, and a few rooms have roll-in showers.
All facilities are generally available year-round for visiting scientists and university groups.
All facilities are handicap accessible.
All facilities are handicap-accessible.
All facilities are handicapped-accessible.
All facilities are impairment friendly .
All facilities are in compliance with fire codes.
All facilities are in compliance with their permit, water quality statutes, and rules.
All facilities are in great shape.
All facilities are in the basement.
All facilities are indoors-heated in winter and air conditioned in summer.
All facilities are minutes from highway access.
All facilities are modern and well equipped.
All facilities are nearby, including golf courses, airport and rail-link.
All facilities are new and ultra modern.
All facilities are new or recently upgraded.
All facilities are non-smoking.
All facilities are on offer and ample parking is available.
All facilities are on the ground level.
All facilities are one-quarter mile ahead on the right.
All facilities are open and available year-round.
All facilities are open for student, faculty, staff, and community use.
All facilities are open from early morning to early evening.
All facilities are open on weekends, but some remain closed during the week.
All facilities are open the same hours as the library.
All facilities are open throughout the year.
All facilities are open to all students and visitors on a cash, dining dollars, or board plan basis.
All facilities are open to everyone without regard to race, sex, creed, or national origin.
All facilities are open to our staff - free of charge.
All facilities are open to the entire student body and are free of charge.
All facilities are open to the public for self-guided tours.
All facilities are open to the public.
All facilities are open year round to active duty, retired, reserve, and U.S. government personnel.
All facilities are present and are of a generally high standard.
All facilities are primitive in nature.
All facilities are public and usually under the supervision of the town housing authority.
All facilities are reportedly in line with international standards.
All facilities are state-certified and operated by the private sector.
All facilities are subject to availability and are rented on a first come first served basis.
All facilities are subject to availability.
All facilities are there.
All facilities are to be kept clean.
All facilities are to be well drained.
All facilities are to provide quality of care.
All facilities are under one roof.
All facilities are up to international standards enhanced with Hungarian style and hospitality.
All facilities are very modern and progressive and offer the latest in radiation therapy equipment.
All facilities are very well signposted.
All facilities are well lit and comfortable.
All facilities are well-maintained.
All facilities are wheel chair accessible.
All facilities are wheelchair accessable.
All facilities are wheelchair accessible and there is a spacious parking area.
All facilities are wheelchair accessible.
All facilities are wheelchair-accessible.
All facilities are within a short walk of our large parking lot.
All facilities are within easy reach and the beach is five minutes away.
All facilities are within prescribed safety codes.
All facilities are within walking distance of each other.
All facilities associated with the site are intact.
All facilities close one hour before home basketball games.
All facilities come complete with audiovisual equipment and flip charts as required.
All facilities connect from the side, except exhaust and electricity, which connect from the top.
All facilities feature private and air-conditioned rooms comparable to hotel accommodation.
All facilities have a planned, defined upgrade path.
All facilities have access for disabled visitors.
All facilities have access to year round bathrooms.
All facilities have additional capacity.
All facilities have air-conditioning, private baths and easy access to walking areas or shopping.
All facilities have at least some groundwater restoration costs.
All facilities have attendants to monitor accessability and equipment.
All facilities have certain restrictions and some require reservations.
All facilities have electricity and grills.
All facilities have extra blankets stored for emergencies.
All facilities have full-time, trained staffs.
All facilities have luxury accommodations and restaurants offering excellent cuisine.
All facilities have meeting rooms.
All facilities have night lighting and many also have fences and controlled-access gates.
All facilities have office space, sales, display, repair bays, and parts warehouses.
All facilities have restrooms.
All facilities have running water and are equipped for light housekeeping.
All facilities have the capability for on-site and remote monitoring.
All facilities have the same menu items and same basic ingredients.
All facilities have twin beds, with desk, chest, and closet space.
All facilities have washers and dryers, telephones and a TV located in the living room.
All facilities meet health and fire marshal standards.
All facilities meet or exceed current building codes.
All facilities meet requirements for the physically challenged.
All facilities offer convenient, extended hours.
All facilities operate seven days per week, twelve months out of the year.
All facilities overlook the James River.
All facilities prohibit possession of needles and syringes.
All facilities provide full nursing home care to meet a variety of needs.
All facilities provide high level of both network and physical security.
All facilities provide housing and services of equal quality for all persons.
All facilities represented are near the area.
All facilities represented here are in the periphery area.
All facilities reserve the right to refuse visiting privileges for security reasons.
All facilities serve students, faculty, and staff.
All facilities used for programs are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Any facility can benefit from our experience.
Any facility can virtually become and stay pest free without pesticides.
Any facility can virtually become and stay pest free.
Any facility using radioactive material falls under their jurisdiction.
Every facility can have different pricing structures - ask questions.
Every facility has a recycling coordinator.
Every facility has only so many body or paint production hours at their disposal.
Every facility has some kind of telephone system for inmate use.
Every facility is different.
Every facility is equipped with inbound samplers.
Every facility is required to have policies for investigating and responding to complaints.
Every facility is vulnerable in some way to public questions, concerns and even outrage.
Every facility mentioned above has some sort of putting green.
Every facility needs a team.
Every facility needs folding chairs.
Every facility offers different amenities for the residents to enjoy.
Every facility requires some building automation system for security, lighting and environmental.
Many facilities also have urgent care hours in addition to regular hours.
Many facilities also have websites.
Many facilities also offer manufactured monkey biscuits.
Many facilities are at risk for selective enforcement based on past permitting decisions.
Many facilities are available for hunting and fishing.
Many facilities are available for processing records with duplicate fields.
Many facilities are available including gas stations, restaurants, quick stops and a park.
Many facilities are available on an open access basis.
Many facilities are available to non-university users.
Many facilities are available.
Many facilities are for private pay residents only.
Many facilities are inadequate and outdated because of limited capital dollars.
Many facilities are old and in disrepair.
Many facilities are open later into the evening and during the weekend.
Many facilities are open seven days a week.
Many facilities are so concerned about public perception that any violations are corrected quickly.
Many facilities are unable to provide care for infants and toddlers due to increased staffing costs.
Many facilities are unstaffed.
Many facilities are willing to hire clinicians who desire to learn more about other specialties.
Many facilities arrange group golf tournaments and even include challenging nighttime golf.
Many facilities cater exclusively to document storage.
Many facilities charge very moderate rates.
Many facilities directly handle travel logistics for their participants.
Many facilities face difficulty in providing adequate health care and supportive services for women.
Many facilities go by quarters.
Many facilities have a flow of slightly used balls from team play, round robins etc.
Many facilities have a welcome party or announcement about new residents.
Many facilities have active resident councils or family councils.
Many facilities have family councils and often problems can be resolved at family council meetings.
Many facilities have information they allow people without accounts on their computers to access.
Many facilities have job descriptions and some kind of competency evaluation.
Many facilities have multiple emission sources.
Many facilities have septic systems connected to their floor drains.
Many facilities have special areas meeting specific needs.
Many facilities have special care units designed to meet the unique needs of people with dementia.
Many facilities have splendid programs in the arts.
Many facilities have the necessary forms on the safety bulletin board.
Many facilities have waiting lists.
Many facilities maintain latex-safe areas for affected patients and workers.
Many facilities maintain logs, but too few review data in the logs regularly.
Many facilities offer activities such as swimming, tennis, shopping and more.
Many facilities offer both intense inpatient programs, as well as a more relaxed outpatient regimen.
Many facilities offer discounts for long-term boarding.
Many facilities offer independent living.
Many facilities offer medical care, physical fitness programs, and nutrition and wellness programs.
Many facilities offer meeting and banquet rooms.
Many facilities offer private rooms and suites.
Many facilities offer scuba certification courses and full equipment rentals.
Many facilities offer signup or completion bonuses.
Many facilities offer ski packages with additional savings on lift ticket and lodging rates.
Many facilities offer spacious lodges for familty reunions or corporate retreats.
Many facilities offer the same therapies provided in a nursing home on an out-patient basis.
Many facilities offer their own workout cards.
Many facilities offer year-round opportunities.
Many facilities opt for more frequent observation, especially during the first few hours.
Many facilities place our brochure in their leasing packet given to tenants.
Many facilities place restrictions on access and use of the collections.
Many facilities provide intimate dining experiences.
Many facilities provide only room and board with limited medical services.
Many facilities require all people entering their site to use foot baths.
Many facilities require that some sort of filtration be used on their water supply.
Many facilities resort to hospitalization.
Many facilities run classes.
Many facilities schedule special events such as dances, parties, and holiday events.
Many facilities sponsor baseball, basketball, volleyball, golf and soccer teams.
Many facilities tie waste and emissions accountability to the generating operation.
Many facilities write their own programs to enhance productivity.
More facilities are also available, at a higher monthly charge.
More facilities are out of compliance with regulations.
Most facilities affect cost.
Most facilities also use tanks for holding, breeding, and producing certain fish species.
Most facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.
Most facilities are accessible to the physically disabled by ramps.
Most facilities are accessible.
Most facilities are air-conditioned.
Most facilities are available during the day, including aviation and jet fuel.
Most facilities are fully accessible.
Most facilities are handicapped-accessible.
Most facilities are in the central part of the island.
Most facilities are now below the median that is used for indirect operating costs.
Most facilities are open every day from until dusk.
Most facilities are seasonal.
Most facilities are wheelchair accessible.
Most facilities are within the state of Maine.
Most facilities become reality.
Most facilities belong to sponsoring school districts.
Most facilities charge a daily rate for the services provided.
Most facilities charge a monthly fee.
Most facilities describe their care as skilled vs. non-skilled care.
Most facilities employ individuals.
Most facilities encourage or demand that inmates work or pursue an education.
Most facilities encourage workers.
Most facilities follow policy.
Most facilities have a process for formally handling complaints of all types.
Most facilities have adaptive equipment for disabled students.
Most facilities have backups.
Most facilities have continuous area radiation monitors with pre-set alarm set points.
Most facilities have doors.
Most facilities have equip rooms.
Most facilities have equipment.
Most facilities have fees.
Most facilities have fire doors.
Most facilities have regulations to abide by and have come along way since then.
Most facilities have responsibility.
Most facilities have rooms.
Most facilities have rotating schedules for holidays and weekends.
Most facilities have rules to help ensure fairness.
Most facilities have their own restaurant, or several nearby, for lunch.
Most facilities have types.
Most facilities have wheelchair access, please check when booking.
Most facilities meet requirements.
Most facilities meet specific requirements.
Most facilities offer medical technology.
Most facilities offer technology.
Most facilities offer various rate plans.
Most facilities operate on a more limited basis.
Most facilities opt to have one person in each procedure area wear a badge once every six months.
Most facilities practice high-quality mammography and pass their inspections.
Most facilities provide comfort.
Most facilities provide cost.
Most facilities provide food.
Most facilities provide literally dozens of different climbs, all at varying levels of difficulty.
Most facilities provide services.
Most facilities provide standard table linens, set up and tear down as part of the service.
Most facilities rely on a cleanup contractor to handle off-site discharges.
Most facilities require a deposit equal to one month rent and a six month or year lease.
Most facilities require at least a year's lease.
Most facilities screen their applicants for compatibility with the chosen animal.
Most facilities sell oysters.
Most facilities serve the elderly.
Most facilities suggest having a dog walker.
Most facilities treat both patients and employees when infectious outbreaks occur.
Most facilities undergo maintenance.
Most facilities use evaporative lagoons to dispose of the waster water from their milking parlors.
Most facilities use oil, but others have been converted to use natural gas.
Most facilities use wood particles of consistent size, such as wood chips.
Some facilities accommodate a few children, others a hundred or more.
Some facilities achieve emission standards without control equipment.
Some facilities allow smoking in the office area only, some allow no smoking, period.
Some facilities also can give intravenous sedation when needed.
Some facilities also generate wastewater.
Some facilities also get funding from other sources to keep costs lower.
Some facilities also provide a free bus service for shopping trips.
Some facilities are accessible to the physically challenged.
Some facilities are accessible with assistance from staff.
Some facilities are available for reservation.
Some facilities are available with a kitchen and fireplace.
Some facilities are available with technical assistance and support.
Some facilities are better than others.
Some facilities are captive sites.
Some facilities are converted hotels, schools or single family homes.
Some facilities are crowded and dusty while others are roomy, clean, and well ventilated.
Some facilities are free to the college, while others are rented or bought.
Some facilities are free.
Some facilities are more dangerous to use than to ignore.
Some facilities are now restraint free.
Some facilities are open in the winter for cross country skiing, dog sledding and snow shoeing.
Some facilities are open weather permitting and based on staff availability.
Some facilities are open year round.
Some facilities are overcrowded and others underutilized.
Some facilities are past the point of renovation.
Some facilities are rustic.
Some facilities are seasonal.
Some facilities are small with only one or two horses.
Some facilities are small, handpicking operations while others use heavy machinery and blasting.
Some facilities are sometimes unavailable if the document creator has set security limitations.
Some facilities are subject to no regulation by laws and ordinances.
Some facilities are subject to room charges.
Some facilities are unavailable.
Some facilities are used by authors.
Some facilities are wheelchair accessible.
Some facilities are with nominal fees.
Some facilities base their rate on the square footage of the unit.
Some facilities check once per shift.
Some facilities convert energy.
Some facilities describe jobs.
Some facilities do allow children to leave during the day, but provide no transportation.
Some facilities do require a deposit.
Some facilities enhance safety.
Some facilities enhance worker safety.
Some facilities even have discharge planning teams to smooth the transition back home.
Some facilities even offer discounts or free memberships to parents who volunteer and help out.
Some facilities even offer support groups or educational programs for the resident's family members.
Some facilities even offer the services of personal trainers.
Some facilities exhibit elephants.
Some facilities file quarterly reports to the board as well as an annual report.
Some facilities give out a pair of movie tickets or a free lunch to every fifth reporter.
Some facilities give residents financial help if they become unable to pay.
Some facilities have a problem with sludge accumulating during the treatment process.
Some facilities have additional charges for services like laundry.
Some facilities have apartments or suites others just provide a room.
Some facilities have automatic sprinkler protection.
Some facilities have bars.
Some facilities have digital telephone lines.
Some facilities have expertise.
Some facilities have factors.
Some facilities have indoor running tracks and pools.
Some facilities have kitchen amenities.
Some facilities have knowledge.
Some facilities have levels.
Some facilities have limited openings or waiting lists.
Some facilities have many factors.
Some facilities have more layoffs than others.
Some facilities have more than one person, and some facilities use a committee.
Some facilities have multipurpose plant capacities.
Some facilities have no direct effect on the battles fought in a hex, while some do.
Some facilities have no system for alerting personnel to an attack or threat.
Some facilities have numerous citations which indicates potential problems.
Some facilities have pipes.
Some facilities have resident councils to address issues related to the facility overall.
Some facilities have resources.
Some facilities have restrooms and water fountains.
Some facilities have technology.
Some facilities have time slots for rental for a portion of the day.
Some facilities have work knowledge.
Some facilities have workshops.
Some facilities help dogs.
Some facilities hire specialists to provide tours.
Some facilities house only men or only women.
Some facilities involve more sport management than others.
Some facilities keep a cart in the patient's room with latex-safe equipment.
Some facilities maximize capacity by creating decks or other overlapping forms of seating.
Some facilities offer capability.
Some facilities offer evening lessons.
Some facilities offer fully refundable entrance fees.
Some facilities offer limited programs for infants and young toddlers.
Some facilities offer many different market segments or job types.
Some facilities offer mineral baths and swimming as amenities.
Some facilities offer only help with daily living.
Some facilities offer respite care for several days or weeks.
Some facilities offer space for meetings and large banquets.
Some facilities offer special programs for children and their parents.
Some facilities offer superior recreational opportunities and work environment.
Some facilities offer tennis volleyball, basketball and handball.
Some facilities offer the option of fully refundable entrance fees.
Some facilities only have equipment to process certain types of paper, plastic, and metal.
Some facilities perform laboratory tests.
Some facilities perform tests.
Some facilities permit minors to grieve anything.
Some facilities pose a significant decontamination problem due to porous work surfaces.
Some facilities possess animals.
Some facilities post their schedules on the web , so that's a good place to start.
Some facilities prefer an enforceable document based on corporate policy.
Some facilities prefer to issue the items as admission as a matter of routine.
Some facilities produce electricity.
Some facilities produce neutron radiation.
Some facilities produce radiation.
Some facilities produce results.
Some facilities provide a sick room for the occasional feeling poorly day.
Some facilities provide both A and B levels in the same home.
Some facilities provide care.
Some facilities provide comprehensive care.
Some facilities provide comprehensive medical care.
Some facilities provide important opportunity.
Some facilities provide life jackets at no charge .
Some facilities provide life jackets at no charge.
Some facilities provide longer term extended vacation rental opportunities.
Some facilities provide medical care.
Some facilities provide opportunity.
Some facilities provide services to the family as well as to the child.
Some facilities provide stations for users with disabilities.
Some facilities reclaim metals and recycle industrial solvents from the waste.
Some facilities relate to care.
Some facilities relate to health care.
Some facilities rely on a small metal interceptor installed under a sink.
Some facilities report death.
Some facilities report producing a ton in less than two hours.
Some facilities require additional fees.
Some facilities require minimum numbers to book.
Some facilities require that soiled linens be bagged in the room and then brought to the container.
Some facilities require total replacement.
Some facilities require UAPs to be certified, but others are looking to students to assure quality.
Some facilities schedule appointments very quickly, and others take a few weeks.
Some facilities sell apes.
Some facilities sell baths.
Some facilities sell cattle.
Some facilities sell horses.
Some facilities specialize.
Some facilities tend to move people around at night or at odd times.
Some facilities tend to treat more chronic types of patients who require less intensive services.
Some facilities transform sunlight.
Some facilities try to make the situation fun by playing skill specific games.
Some facilities use a combination of both equity and debt.
Some facilities use a paper exam to test driving knowledge, sign recognition and symbol matching.
Some facilities use outcomes studies to prove the cost-effectiveness of their treatment.
Some facilities use the same front loader to remove dead animals, remove manure, and deliver feed.
Facing are coating.
Facing are linings.
Facing are part of collars.
Facing are part of cuffs.
Facing are protective covering.
Facings provide strength, improve rigidity and enhance thermal performance.
Facings usually match frocks and roses in color.
Faciomaxillary surgery is the surgery involving the bones of the face, upper jaw and the lower jaw.
Facioscapulohumeral dystrophy is a debilitating disease.
Facit catalogue indicates that all stamps bear a substantial premium on cover.
Facsimile apparatus makes use of an optical scanner and a converter.
Facsimile copies are somewhat messy and hard to read.
Facsimile copies are unacceptable.
Facsimile documents provide contemporary evidence.
Facsimile forms are acceptable.
Facsimile hardware provides page quality information, and reports bad lines.
Facsimile hardware provides page quality information, but reports no bad lines.
A facsimile machine is a copier
Facsimile machines are a fast means of communication.
Facsimile machines are also available in select rooms.
Facsimile machines are available on campus for the use by students.
Facsimile machines are essential to office efficiency as are VCRs to home entertainment.
Facsimile machines are in all suites.
Facsimile machines are ubiquitous and cheap.
Facsimile machines are useless for sending photographs or infographics.
Facsimile machines are very convenient and are located in almost every office area within Australia.
All facsimile machines have a copy mode.
Facsimile messages make use of a voice channel.
Facsimile notice is acceptable.
Facsimile proposals are acceptable.
Facsimile quotes are acceptable.
Facsimile replication happens all the time in the video world.
Facsimile service is also available on board.
Facsimile service occurs when transmission is complete.
Facsimile services are also available at a reasonable charge.
Facsimile services are also available.
Facsimile services are available at major hotels and the telecommunications office.
Facsimile services are available in Kenya.
Facsimile services are available in major towns.
Facsimile submissions are acceptable.
Facsimile systems are available to permit rapid transmission of images in their exact size and form.
Facsimile technology is a prime example.
Facsimile technology transcends the mere possession of a fax machine.
Facsimile telegraph is one of the oldest telegraph techniques.
Facsimile telegraphy is one of the oldest telegraphy modes.
Facsimile tenders are acceptable, unless otherwise specified in the tender's terms and conditions.
Facsimile terminals can always be available for transmission or reception.
Facsimile transmission is accomplished by radio, telephone, or undersea cable.
Facsimile transmission is common, though.
Facsimile transmission is preferred for speed of communication.
A facsimile is a copy
Facsimiles appear in printed and online documents.
Facsimiles are acceptable with credit card information.
Facsimiles are acceptable.
Facsimiles are copies.
Facsimiles are duplicators.
Facsimiles are generally available for comparison.
Facsimiles are used for faxs.
Facsimiles are used for mail.
Facsimiles are used for transcripts.
Facsimiles can eliminate data as needed.
Facsimiles preserve the original but someone still has to chose which texts to copy.
Fact finders are free to reasonably accept or reject all, part, or none of an expert s opinion.
Fact finders are specifically trained and impartial faculty or staff.
Fact finders are usually the men and women of a jury.
Fact finding can be very time consuming and challenging.
Fact finding is ostensibly the reason for turning congressional hearings into public scandals.
Fact finding is the last legal step before a union can strike.
Fact pattern is in the handouts.
Fact patterns are widely divergent.
Fact sheet offices provide information.
Fact sheet Be brief.
Fact sheet describes procedures for doing so and penalties for misuse.
Fact sheet highlights possible areas of risk for visitors.
Fact sheet is in some phase of revision.
Fact sheet is on the immature maggot stage.
Fact sheet outlines their characteristics, advantages, and limitations.
Fact sheet summarizes mandate and specifies sections of the law.
Fact sheets are also available by mail at no charge to children, parents, advocates and others.
Fact sheets are also available from the home page.
Fact sheets are also available on the Web site.
Fact sheets are also available.
Fact sheets are an effective means of establishing and maintaining communication with the public.
Fact sheets are available for each course.
Fact sheets are available for each exam.
Fact sheets are available for each site in the network .
Fact sheets are available for the development of both the above sites.
Fact sheets are available for underlined species.
Fact sheets are available in each county office.
Fact sheets are available in English and Spanish.
Fact sheets are available individually ar as a set.
Fact sheets are available on many topics, and a resource centre provides further information.
Fact sheets are available on the gypsy moth identification and the gypsy moth virus.
Fact sheets are available that briefly describe each of the demonstration projects.
Fact sheets are available to anyone interested.
Fact sheets are available to help reduce the risks of cancer.
Fact sheets are available which list volume reduction facilities in Connecticut.
Fact sheets are available with biographical information about each CCSF trustee.
Fact sheets are available, covering a variety of issues.
Fact sheets are due at the beginning of the presentation.
Fact sheets are excellent, clear and easy to navigate, lots of information, worth a look.
Fact sheets are frequently updated and revised based on the latest cancer research.
Fact sheets are frequently updated and revised in accordance with the latest cancer research.
Fact sheets are inaccurate.
Fact sheets are online in Adobe Acrobat format, click here .
Fact sheets are prepared for each of the lessons.
Fact sheets are two-color and illustrated with technical drawings and cartoons.
Fact sheets are under development, check back soon for active links.
Fact sheets concerning residence and work permits are available in a number of languages from tel.
Fact sheets contain information on chapter activities, accomplishments, and contact information.
Fact sheets contain information on specific chemicals and items involving pesticides.
Fact sheets describe different disabilities and their educational implications.
Fact sheets give scientific explanations of specific disabilities and treatments.
Fact sheets gives information about bacterial pathogens.
Fact sheets have detailed information about the object s history, construction and use.
Fact sheets have general information on the department and faculty.
Fact sheets have some errors relating to specific information.
Fact sheets have two advantages.
Fact sheets incorporate visual aids to enhance understanding.
Fact sheets indicating material covered are available.
Fact sheets offer recommendations for prevention of work-related disease and injury.
Fact sheets provide a mechanism for an abundance of information in a brief format.
Fact sheets provide an overview of program regulations.
Fact sheets provide educational information and list reference people to contact if questions arise.
Fact sheets regarding both studies are available below.
Fact sheets summarize past and present research on growth habits and successful control options.
Fact sheets utilize glossary terms.
All fact sheets are available as pdf files.
All fact sheets are available in English.
All fact sheets are free of charge .
All fact sheets are free of charge.
All fact sheets are in English unless another language is specified next to title.
All fact sheets contain key information, tips, techniques and useful links for further reading.
All fact sheets have an illustration of the animal and many have pictures that can be downloaded.
Some fact sheets are available in Spanish.
Some fact sheets describe our services and facilities.
Some fact sheets have links to animal sounds and movies.
Some fact sheets have to do with energy sources and economic impact of environmental disasters.
Fact tables are incredibly efficient.
Fact tables contain keys that point to dimensions and quantitative information.
Fact tables hold the important statistical information in which business decisions can be made.
Fact witnesses testify to what they see and hear.
A fact is information
FACT allows parts or machines to be added to the system after training the network.
Fact are unknown until they are established through the collection of measurement data.
Fact based lecturing is often the mode of knowledge transmission.
Fact becomes knowledge when it is used in the successful completion of decision process.
Fact becomes knowledge when it is useful in forming a human decision.
Fact belongs in print.
Fact can be better than fiction.
Fact can be more interesting than fiction.
Fact check all names of companies and organizations with a primary source.
Fact comes first.
Fact cures fiction.
FACT does translation, and DNA does multimedia.
Fact expands to dream.
Fact find Ask open questions that draw out a response, especially on sensitive issues.
Fact follows fact follows fact, punctuated by a description of Havel's plays or an interview quote.
Fact illuminates prevailing conventional wisdom.
Fact is always more engaging than fiction, though.
Fact is better than fiction.
Fact is constantly stranger than fiction.
Fact is it is difficult as hell to catch most STDs.
Fact is it takes a tremendous amount of time to establish a presence on the Internet.
Fact is less than ten percent of attorneys nationwide are using realtime browsers.
Fact is most big fish are caught more by chance than technique, at least that is what they say.
Fact is most everyone does.
Fact is no one wants a crappy job.
Fact is often stranger than fiction.
Fact is there is really no clear definition of the meaning.
Fact is there's no one to complain to.
Fact is though, they are better cars and certainly quieter.
Fact isa cognition.
Fact isa knowledge.
FACT maintains links to other Web sites that have relevant material.
FACT meets once a month.
FACT provides members with a voice in government issues pertaining to chemical testing.
Fact remains fact.
Fact remains if it is easy to avoid it, try to avoid it.
FACT seeks judicial review of agency action.
Fact sheets about specific compliance requirements are also available.
Fact sheets about various animal and plant species.
Fact sheets giving fuller information are available from the address below.
FACT supports work on young children's healthy development.
Fact tends to mean a datum, an observation, i.e., a fact is obtained by a fairly direct observation.
Fact truly is stranger than fiction.
Fact verses fiction, clearly the root cause of many challenges and disputes.
Fact womens breakfast coat.
FACT works toward a new and more vigorous national policy on cancer.
Facts acquire meaning only as they are selected, arranged, and interpreted.
Facts add nothing.
Facts alone become meaningless because they have no frame of reference.
Facts alone can make a strong, positive impression.
Facts also provides some useful comparative data from other universities.
Facts are a bit sketchy to know for sure who breached.
Facts are a means to an end.
Facts are a part of science.
Facts are abundant.
Facts are accurate about the assigned region.
Facts are accurate and documented based on research.
Facts are accurate as are taken from newspapers and other news sources.
Facts are accurate via forums and are documented by subject.
Facts are accurate.
Facts are also bountiful.
Facts are also to be considered as material or immaterial.
Facts are always about the past or present.
Facts are always more believable than fiction is.
Facts are always to be accepted.
Facts are another.
Facts are at the core of education- computers facilitate the gathering of facts to be learned.
Facts are available - for all the world to see.
Facts are better than dreams.
Facts are boring, high snooze factor.
Facts are capable of scapes.
Facts are certainly important.
Facts are chiels that winna ding.
Facts are clear.
Facts are complex.
Facts are concepts.
Facts are concrete and easy to gather, and basically hard to argue with.
Facts are correct and communicated clearly.
Facts are corroborated with false confessions.
Facts are crucial.
Facts are current and accurate, and the site seems well researched.
Facts are current as a newswire is on the site.
Facts are data accumulated by reputable agencies.
Facts are demonstrably empirical events whose occurrence can be proven using evidentiary methods.
Facts are devices and all truth is relative.
Facts are difficult to come by.
Facts are easy to come by, with the Web.
Facts are easy to gather and reiterate.
Facts are easy to recount.
Facts are easy-pickings for any undiscerning student.
Facts are edge-addition rules without preconditions.
Facts are empty without being linked to context and concepts.
Facts are entities that deal with measurements or indicators.
Facts are events, behaviors or results.
Facts are fabrications.
Facts are facts . . .
Facts are facts and conclusions are opinion.
Facts are facts and lies are lies.
Facts are facts and no amount of politic'n can change that.
Facts are facts and things have occurred.
Facts are facts, and ought to be as freely stated to honor as to dishonor.
Facts are facts, and thats the way it is.
Facts are facts, and the past is finished.
Facts are facts, and they speak for themselves.
Facts are facts, folks.
Facts are facts, yet they can be interpreted in many ways.
Facts are facts. . . .
Facts are facts.
Facts are Facts.
Facts are fair use.
Facts are fairly easy to rephrase.
Facts are fun.
Facts are funny things.
Facts are good.
Facts are handled sensibly.
Facts are hard to come by.
Facts are hard to find.
Facts are hard.
Facts are highly debated on both sides of the issue.
Facts are ideally undeniable, although some observations can lead to different interpretations.
Facts are impersonal.
Facts are important only to the extent they serve the analysis.
Facts are important, but skills are even more important.
Facts are important, but without interpretation they become meaningless.
Facts are important, but without interpretation, they become meaningless.
Facts are important.
Facts are in dispute.
Facts are in the public domain.
Facts are inaccurate or incomplete.
Facts are incomplete or brief .
Facts are indisputable.
Facts are information.
Facts are interpreted as evidence.
Facts are irrelevant.
Facts are items of information about the world around.
Facts are items that can be supported with verifiable or provable evidence.
Facts are just a few clicks away.
Facts are less strident than bumper sticker slogans and require a bit more thought.
Facts are like props.
Facts are like words in a dictionary.
Facts are located in databases.
Facts are merely supposedly accurate bits of information about the world.
Facts are more helpful than either fear or ignorance.
Facts are more important than ideas.
Facts are murky and often disputed.
Facts are nasty little things.
Facts are neither neutral in relationship to theory, nor do they interpret themselves.
Facts are neither true nor false.
Facts are never arbitrary.
Facts are never as important to the pilgrimage of faith as is truth.
Facts are objective information about the world.
Facts are objective.
Facts are of course open to interpretation.
Facts are of course useful and necessary, but are only a part of what constitutes science.
Facts are of interest to neophytes and old timers alike.
Facts are of two types.
Facts are often contradictory in the chaos.
Facts are often fuzzy.
Facts are often important.
Facts are often indeterminate.
Facts are often irrelevant to ideology.
Facts are often renegade.
Facts are one thing, sentiments are another.
Facts are only locii to a specfic cognition or behaviorism.
Facts are only part of most messages.
Facts are opinion.
Facts are our only defence against unnecessary and ineffective gun legislation.
Facts are past participles, fictions are verbs.
Facts are real, while theories seem to involve no more than impractical mental gymnastics.
Facts are real.
Facts are reality.
Facts are relatively easy to come by.
Facts are relentless.
Facts are relevant if they are logically probative of a material fact.
Facts are rocks and fossils.
Facts are sacred, but no more so than the ability to synthesize and extrapolate.
Facts are sacred.
Facts are simple and facts are straight.
Facts are simple enough to memorize, but fade so quickly.
Facts are simply facts.
Facts are sketchy .
Facts are so much more reliable than myths.
Facts are so seductive.
Facts are sometimes ambiguous, incomplete, or even conflicting.
Facts are specifics.
Facts are statements that can be checked on or proved.
Facts are statements that can be proved true by research or by direct observation.
Facts are statements that can be readily checked, as in an encyclopedia or other reference work.
Facts are statements that can be verified or proved.
Facts are stubborn things and they show just the opposite.
Facts are stubborn things.
Facts are Stubborn Things.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are stupid things.
Facts are subjective when they are knowable only in a certain way.
Facts are superficial inconveniences that only get in the way of a good story.
Facts are the air of a scientist.
Facts are the air of the scientists.
Facts are the details that many people mistake for knowledge.
Facts are the details used to test for understanding.
Facts are the enemy of every ranting, raving, utterly entertaining column.
Facts are the final appeal.
Facts are the given, accepted, apparent data of a problem.
Facts are the ingredients of any lawsuit.
Facts are the most important consequences of life incidents.
Facts are the only basis for interpretation.
Facts are the only issue, our opinions are secondary and of little importance.
Facts are the true aristocrats of the spiritual world.
Facts are the world s data.
Facts are the world's data.
Facts are theory laden encumbered by the prevailing ideas, or paradigms, of the day.
Facts are theory-laden.
Facts are there to back up the concepts.
Facts are things that can be verified by observation or measurement.
Facts are to be put in.
Facts are to be related without speculation or embellishment.
Facts are troublesome little gremlins best painted over or locked away in desk drawers.
Facts are true statements.
Facts are trues.
Facts are twisted and, when convenient, disregarded.
Facts are twisted and, when inconvenient, disregarded.
Facts are underscored with footage of crash tests.
Facts are unit clauses and rules are non-unit clauses .
Facts are useful in persuasive letters.
Facts are ventriloquists' dummies.
Facts are verifiable peices of information.
Facts are verifible.
Facts are very good for research, but height and weight are in meters and kilograms.
Facts are very hard to distort.
Facts are very strong evidence.
Facts are very useful, but the second question is more interesting.
Facts are what all can recognize or prove as true.
Facts are what count.
Facts are what law enforcement understands and respects.
Facts are what make up the world, but facts are more than a mere collection of objects.
Facts are what matter.
Facts are what really matters.
Facts are what they are, independent of consciousness.
Facts are, after all, facts.
Facts are, after all, important.
Facts be known, a lot of the apparatus is already in place and functional.
Facts become facts because it is knowledge that is agreed upon by communities of learners.
Facts become subordinate to the fiction in the story.
Facts being facts, the two books cover the same basic outline.
Facts can also move people to act.
Facts can be a very potent deterrent.
Facts can be boring.
Facts can be dull, to be learned by rote, or they can be enlivened by context.
Facts can be hard to find, and every bit of help counts.
Facts can be stranger than fiction.
Facts can change- like the recent switch concerning the cause of prostate cancer.
Facts can change.
Facts can have arbitrary number of arguments from zero upwards.
Facts can help overcome doubts.
Facts can lead to probable truths but never to absolute truths.
Facts can lie.
Facts can obscure the truth.
Facts can obscure truth.
Facts change as our experince changes.
Facts Check out some interesting facts about Italy.
Facts clearly show the United States is the violator of the Geneva agreement.
Facts come in two flavors informal and formal .
Facts come to light, and skeletons jangle in the closet.
Facts connect with issues and ideas, and, from context, understanding grows.
Facts conquer fiction.
Facts continue to emerge indicating America's national security is seriously at risk.
Facts contribute to exploration.
Facts cover a variety of topics and are a great way to enhance curriculum.
Facts cover such topics as geography, political conditions, populations, land, industries.
Facts create a solid basis for higher understanding.
Facts creep behind an discount international airfare.
Facts demands objectivity - at times.
Facts depend on quality, and quality can help sort the wheat from the chaff.
Facts depend upon experience and the ability to see similarities and differences.
Facts destroy but facts.
Facts directs behind all post although ask issues.
Facts Discussing the problem openly shows the suicidal person that someone cares and wants to help.
Facts do make assertions about way things are.
Facts Drink driving is predominantly a male problem.
Facts drive liberals to irrational behavior.
Facts established by the original court are as outlined below.
Facts exist independently of any particular consciousness.
Facts explain differences.
Facts explain features.
Facts finally start creeping out.
Facts flow logically.
Facts get even more in the way when they are growing in farmers' fields.
Facts give a body of work credibility.
Facts give way to opinions.
Facts go head to head with faith, exacerbating a holy war that has been going on for centuries.
Facts have a role.
Facts have a way of breaking our bubbles.
Facts have a way of overruling bickering when used constructively.
Facts have contexts.
Facts have no innate organization or purpose.
Facts have no saving power.
Facts have some simple rules of syntax.
Facts have to be proven to be of any value.
Facts help clarify perceptions, which is basic to conflict dissolution.
Facts help if they are used in service to love.
Facts -Identify the pertinent facts in the case.
Facts indicate differences.
Facts indicate otherwise.
Facts indicate that women age differently.
Facts indicate the more crowded a pool is, the more dangerous it becomes.
Facts influence evolution.
Facts is a rundown on the current knowledge of the disease.
Facts is a very functional section.
Facts is an important word.
Facts is facts.
Facts just twist the truth around.
Facts keep getting in the way.
Facts laugh below few butcher as held extreme sports.
Facts lead to, indeed often compel, interpretation.
Facts leave room for belief.
Facts look a bit shaky.
Facts make things easier.
Facts make things real.
Facts make up the threads of our lives and everyone sees things differently.
Facts matter less now than does the ability to keep learning how to learn.
Facts matter little in a debate that has quasi-religious overtones.
Facts matters little compared to the perceived goodness and subjective feelings of the viewer.
Facts mean little unless they can be interpreted in terms of contemporaneous and previous history.
Facts mean nothing.
Facts only please, and no personal opinions.
Facts Pick one of the four states, make a travel poster for that state.
Facts prove it.
Facts prove otherwise.
Facts prove that the IT industry is the road to future.
Facts prove what many have long believed about echinacea.
Facts provide information.
Facts provide our surest, most solid foundation for action.
Facts Read some facts and figures about Tanzania.
Facts Read the truth about The Real Z Cars Story also play the theme music.
Facts really can get in the way of a good yarn.
Facts refer to events that actually happened in the past, or events that are happening now.
Facts relate to momentary appearances.
Facts relating to photography are a bit more subjective than most people think.
Facts remain across most bar or making army officer candidate school.
Facts remain facts.
Facts require a viewpoint.
Facts require propagation before they can persuade.
Facts rest into an tips though call amateur wrestling.
Facts say otherwise, putting Israel in a very dangerous position in order to please Washington.
Facts scattered through the literature do indeed indicate a possible alternative.
Facts serve the public better than unsubstantiated rhetoric.
Facts show electric co-ops receive the least annual federal assistance.
Facts show examples.
Facts show involvement.
Facts show otherwise.
Facts show significance.
Facts show that the candidate who raises the most money almost always wins.
Facts show who violates the Geneva agreement.
Facts Sounds funny, but it is true.
Facts speak for themselves.
Facts speak louder than words.
Facts speak otherwise.
Facts speak within a particular context.
Facts speaks for itself.
Facts stand in our way.
Facts stand in spite of unbelief.
Facts suggest possibility.
Facts support decisions.
Facts support ideas.
Facts support the effectiveness of witnesses in burglary prevention.
Facts support the notion that government plays a benign role on the net.
Facts support the poll results.
Facts surround incidents.
Facts take Stretch before a stores between all end.
Facts teach readers.
Facts tell and stories sell.
Facts tend to diminish bluster.
Facts then become tools to solve problems.
Facts twist easily and rapidly with nothing but the most noble of intents even.
Facts unfortunately play a minor role in current decision making processes.
Facts when combined with ideas, constitute the greatest force in the world.
Facts win out, however, in the end.
Facts always affect a question.
Facts always come out.
Facts frequently flail faith.
Fact often follows fiction.
Facts often do contradict truth.
Facts often mix with apocrypha or one's fancy.
Facts often seem impersonal.
Facts often weaken and overwhelm faith.
All facts appear to be absolutely correct.
All facts are correct to the best of our knowledge and ability.
All facts are double-checked for accuracy.
All facts are important for the process of review by the attorney.
All facts are interpreted facts.
All facts distributed in the class are confidential.
All facts given are more or less factual.
All facts indicate an extra-judicial execution.
All facts remain the same as in the California case.
Any fact is reportable.
Every fact connected to it is seen instantly, in totality.
Every fact has an explanation.
Every fact is a heretic.
Every fact is an ambassador of reality.
Every fact is an enemy of the church.
Every fact is germane to the discussion, and proceeds smoothly from what came before.
Every fact is open to interpretation.
Every fact is well documented, with very little guess work and few conclusions.
Every fact is wrong.
Every fact needs to be turned into a number or a symbol.
Many facts are likely to startle.
Many facts are science or invention related, so stop by often.
Many facts determine the amount of taxable income.
Many facts have still to be elucidated.
Many facts indicate that reproduction rates are on the decline.
Many facts substantiate that truth.
Many facts support that claim.
More facts are available in the district court's decision .
Most facts apply to both.
Most facts are appropriate and accurate.
Most facts are consistent with the theory.
Most facts are interpreted as evidence.
Most facts contribute to exploration.
Most facts explain differences.
Most facts explain features.
Most facts indicate differences.
Most facts provide information.
Most facts show examples.
Most facts show significance.
Most facts suggest possibility.
Most facts teach readers.
Some facts add complexity.
Some facts affect distribution.
Some facts are a matter of life or death.
Some facts are already clear enough.
Some facts are ambiguous.
Some facts are clear.
Some facts are clearer.
Some facts are easy to establish.
Some facts are in order.
Some facts are indisputable.
Some facts ARE necessary.
Some facts are obvious to the blind.
Some facts are true and some are false.
Some facts are true, some are distorted, and some are outright lies.
Some facts are undisputed.
Some facts are well known.
Some facts are worth recalling.
Some facts are wrong.
Some facts cause death.
Some facts come to light.
Some facts come up on observing addition and multiplication tables simultaneously.
Some facts describe features.
Some facts disprove exist theories.
Some facts disprove many exist theories.
Some facts explain death.
Some facts explain distribution.
Some facts have effects.
Some facts have strong effects.
Some facts indicate resources.
Some facts lead scientists.
Some facts lead to assumptions.
Some facts lead to cancer.
Some facts lead to conflict.
Some facts lead to confusion.
Some facts lead to elimination.
Some facts lead to much confusion.
Some facts lead to suspicion.
Some facts make references.
Some facts make senses.
Some facts overlap in dates.
Some facts promote evolution.
Some facts prove existence.
Some facts provide care.
Some facts raise suspicion.
Some facts reflect differences.
Some facts reflect importance.
Some facts relate to animals.
Some facts relate to conservation.
Some facts relate to diets.
Some facts relate to discoveries.
Some facts relate to progress.
Some facts relate to water conservation.
Some facts remain the same, though.
Some facts say in statements.
Some facts seem clear in the dispute.
Some facts seem evident from statements made in the gospels.
Some facts seem to be in order.
Some facts show extinction.
Some facts speak for it, others against it.
Some facts still remain.
Some facts support criminal charge.
Some facts there are more bacteria inside of any building than outside.
A faction is a camp
Faction destroys common good and often leads to violence.
Faction is a constant problem.
Faction is a keyword.
Factions are apt to be formed, if the body becomes permanent.
Factions are clique.
Factions are groups through which a large part of the work of the parliament is done.
Factions are important.
Factions are male dominated and often revolve around ethnic and cultural identities.
Factions are permissible in any revolutionary democratic communist party.
Factions are sub groupings within a party.
Factions are the way people ordinarily seek redress of grievances.
Factions begin to struggle for control over Tibet.
Factions can form among representatives.
Factions can travel from one section to another using wormholes.
Factions compete with other coalitions for the same prizes.
Factions develop and people get resentful and critical.
Factions emerge, and a conflict.
Factions frustrate fruit.
Factions get possession of the public councils.
Factions have the right to organise their own national and regional meetings.
Factions have the right to raise their own finances by levying dues or inviting donations.
Factions have the right to submit articles, resolutions, etc to party publications.
Factions lead to disorder.
Factions line up, and people are shot.
Factions support each theory.
Factions vote the same way in each unless specifically ordered otherwise.
Factions often bicker with each other.
All factions are aggressive towards each other.
All factions begin to mobilize forces.
All factions have long memories.
All factions seem neutral toward each other.
Every faction is more bloodthirsty and arrogant at the harder levels.
Every factions gets attack points equal to the number of planets they own.
Many factions exist within the tribe.
Some factions actively oppose the agreement.
Some factions are legendary, whispered things.
Some factions are magic intensive, others go for beastmasters.
Some factions never believe.
Factional conflict is the result of inequality.
Factional terrorism is no excuse for state terrorism.
Factional violence threatens to engulf whole regions of Africa and the former Soviet Union.
Factional Widths varies the spacing between characters to make it more readable.
Factitious illnesses are unique difficulties for physicians.
Factitious reward is superfluous, whenever natural reward is adequate to produce the desired effect.
Factive predicates select for facts.
A factoid is information
Factoids also play an important role in the debate about guns in school.
Factoids are a good way to see the positive changes that result from our policies.
Factoids are information.
Factoids are news items.
Factoids bring bliss.
Factoids includes some of the same stuff.
Factoids then take on some semblance of meaning.
Factoids travel faster than truth.
More factoids re.
A factor analysis is a correlational analysis
Factor analyses show that four or five factors characterize the judgment data.
Factor analysis assumes that behaviors that function with one another are related.
Factor analysis is a powerful and flexible tool used for theory development and data reduction.
Factor analysis is a search for some of many plausible underlying factors.
Factor analysis is a statistical technique that begins to answer such questions.
Factor analysis is conducted in an effort to determine possible latent factors.
Factor analysis is helpful in identifying which group of issues is assigned the greatest importance.
Factor analysis is one such example.
Factor analysis is unlikely to be worthwhile.
Factor analysis is used to measure response patterns.
Factor analysis measures the occurrence of key factors in a survey of relevant literature.
Factor analysis provides a way to summarize the information latent in correlations.
Factor IX can be a lifesaving protein for hemophiliacs.
Factor loadings represent the correlation of the variable with the extracted factor.
Factors of production are costs of doing the activity, whether the cost is fixed or variable.
Factors of production are work, ground, capital, information, and environment.
Factors of production receive compensation that is specific to the role they perform.
All factors of production have a capacity determined by their physical and technological capability.
Factor prices rise, since more inputs can be obtained only at higher prices.
Factor sets can have more than three numbers.
A factor is a cause
Factor analyze the data to identify broad concerns.
Factor applies only to the top level in an expression.
Factor can deal with exponents that are linear combinations of symbolic expressions.
Factor factors a polynomial over the integers.
Factor is for sale.
Factor is the product of weighting and adequacy rating.
Factor is the ratio of input data rate to output data rate.
Factor isa cause.
Factor pays supplier direct when discount chain is invoiced.
Factor required for mammalian spliceosome assembly is localized to discrete regions in the nucleus.
Factors account for body size.
Factors account for size.
Factors affe cting death at home in Japan.
Factors affect actual results.
Factors affect ages.
Factors affect animals.
Factors affect atmospheres.
Factors affect behavior.
Factors affect behaviour.
Factors affect biodiversity.
Factors affect blood pressure.
Factors affect business.
Factors affect calcium uptake.
Factors affect capability.
Factors affect capacity.
Factors affect centripetal forces.
Factors affect characteristics.
Factors affect climates.
Factors affect communities.
Factors affect compositions.
Factors affect connective tissue.
Factors affect contamination.
Factors affect continue existence.
Factors affect crops.
Factors affect decisions.
Factors affect density.
Factors affect diet compositions.
Factors affect distribution.
Factors affect diversity.
Factors affect environments.
Factors affect existence.
Factors affect feed behavior.
Factors affect feed behaviour.
Factors affect forces.
Factors affect future behavior.
Factors affect graze behaviour.
Factors affect habitats.
Factors affect hedgehogs.
Factors affect importance.
Factors affect individuals.
Factors affect lifespans.
Factors affect lifestyle.
Factors affect likelihood.
Factors affect local environments.
Factors affect mammals.
Factors affect markets.
Factors affect matter.
Factors affect moisture.
Factors affect mothers.
Factors affect motion.
Factors affect movement.
Factors affect nurse mothers.
Factors affect offspring.
Factors affect outcomes.
Factors affect phytoplankton communities.
Factors affect plant communities.
Factors affect pressure.
Factors affect projectile motion.
Factors affect qualitative compositions.
Factors affect quality.
Factors affect ranges.
Factors affect regions.
Factors affect resistance.
Factors affect responses.
Factors affect results.
Factors affect shapes.
Factors affect shear strength.
Factors affect slave status.
Factors affect soil moisture.
Factors affect status.
Factors affect strength.
Factors affect succession.
Factors affect tissue.
Factors affect types.
Factors affect uptake.
Factors affect variation.
Factors affect voltage.
Factors affect water quality.
Factors affect weight.
Factors affect women.
Factors affecting church growth can be external or internal.
Factors affecting cut quality include metal thickness and metal condition.
Factors affecting efficiency include amount of light per watt and lamp life.
Factors affecting food exports to Russia are double tariffs, economic and political instability.
Factors affecting 'hits' include the number of html files and graphics requested for each page.
Factors affecting low stomach acid production are principally diet and old age.
Factors affecting mortality include tree species, soil moisture, and other stresses.
Factors affecting on the timing of the moult are discussed.
Factors affecting phosphate-dissolution, or solubilization, are pH, moisture, and aeration.
Factors affecting popularity include - cost, style, brand name favoritism, advertising, etc.
Factors affecting population levels differ markedly among the groups.
Factors affecting populations include food supply, predators, and weather.
Factors affecting results - An irregularly shaped cornea requires a special tonometer.
Factors affecting results An irregularly shaped cornea requires a special tonometer.
Factors affecting results Failure to fast before the procedure.
Factors affecting results Failure to fast before the test.
Factors affecting results Pressure in the rectum decreases somewhat with age.
Factors affecting results Very few factors affect results.
Factors affecting sperm-egg recognition, binding and egg penetration are also compensable traits.
Factors affecting the outbreak include diet, hormonal changes, stress, and bacterial infection.
Factors affecting their population can also impact other animals, including humans.
Factors allow firms to utilize all available cash for revenue generation.
Factors allow for width lost in dressing or lapping.
Factors alter effects.
Factors alter growth.
Factors alter nail growth.
Factors alter normal growth.
Factors alter normal nail growth.
Factors are binary, and favor either the plaintiff, or the defendant in a lawsuit.
Factors are causes.
Factors are either composite numbers or prime numbers.
Factors are heredity, birth order, parental characteristics, and the cultural environment.
Factors are independent variables.
Factors are measurable features or requirements that are common to many different kinds of jobs.
Factors are multipliers.
Factors are numbers.
Factors are parts of numbers.
Factors are questions grouped together based on a common content focus.
Factors are the numbers multiplied and the product is the answer.
Factors are type of plate, whether it is dry or wet, and whether the spaghetti is cold or hot.
Factors arguing against increasing the commissioner number is the added expense to the district.
Factors associate with consumption.
Factors associate with hookworm infection.
Factors associate with infection.
Factors associate with outcomes.
Factors associate with vegetable consumption.
Factors associated with cervical cancer include early onset of coitus, virus infections and smoking.
Factors associated with facility costs are ownership and size of the facility.
Factors associated with hindering children's development can, in turn, affect academic success.
Factors associated with obesity are Age - prevalent in middle age.
Factors associated with osteoporosis diagnosis include age, race, and family history.
Factors associated with respect and fair treatment seem to be contributing to lowered morale.
Factors associated with the dynamics of grass carp larvae in the lower Mississippi River Valley.
Factors associated with the patients themselves deserve more attention.
Factors assume all the credit risks associated with accounts receivable.
Factors assume the job of collecting the money due.
Factors become more intense as population density increases.
Factors buy receivables either with or without recourse.
Factors can have drastic effects.
Factors can have effects.
Factors can have impact.
Factors can have positive effects.
Factors can have significant effects.
Factors can help businesses speed up their cash flow and turn their receivables into cash.
Factors can now have a long list of potential new clients that they can expose to .
Factors cause apparent differences.
Factors cause contamination.
Factors cause deterioration.
Factors cause differences.
Factors cause disasters.
Factors cause effects.
Factors cause exponential growth.
Factors cause fluctuations.
Factors cause growth.
Factors cause harmful effects.
Factors cause incidents.
Factors cause internal pressure.
Factors cause pressure.
Factors cause uncertainty.
Factors cause variation.
Factors causing drop outs differ for males and females.
Factors causing saturation include temperature, volume and weight.
Factors causing test failures are more likely to be present in such tests.
Factors change environments.
Factors change in ways which render a process incapable of performing as required.
Factors change over time.
Factors change over years.
Factors complicate hybridization possibilities.
Factors considered are breadth, depth and balance.
Factors considered as part of the guideline include age, employability and long service elsewhere.
Factors considered by the grader are meat color, firmness, texture, age and marbling.
Factors considered in grading include preparation and presentation.
Factors considered in the acceptance decision are both subjective and objective.
Factors considered in the index are well-defined customer base and quality of service and product.
Factors considered include access, environmental health risks, education, and stress.
Factors considered include content, orginiality, navigation, accessability and general design.
Factors considered include network topology, performance improvements, and migration impact.
Factors considered include physical features, blood type, family history, education and interests.
Factors considered include stack height, meteorologic data and population.
Factors considered include the selection, storage and traditional preparation of foods.
Factors contribute to abundances.
Factors contribute to amounts.
Factors contribute to behaviour.
Factors contribute to brains.
Factors contribute to burdens.
Factors contribute to death.
Factors contribute to development.
Factors contribute to differences.
Factors contribute to disappearances.
Factors contribute to distribution.
Factors contribute to events.
Factors contribute to expansion.
Factors contribute to explosions.
Factors contribute to fitnesses.
Factors contribute to healthy development.
Factors contribute to life history patterns.
Factors contribute to magnification.
Factors contribute to occurrences.
Factors contribute to patterns.
Factors contribute to potential.
Factors contribute to quality.
Factors contribute to same patterns.
Factors contribute to specialization.
Factors contribute to speciation.
Factors contribute to termite abundances.
Factors contribute to use.
Factors contributing are storm surge, tidal cycle and beach topography.
Factors contributing to blooms include nutrient availability, sunlight and temperature.
Factors contributing to both increased and reduced risk are detailed.
Factors contributing to degree of salience are e.g., conventionality, frequency, and familiarity.
Factors contributing to juvenile crime are gang involvement and drug usage.
Factors contributing to poor healing often result in scarring.
Factors contributing to the decrease include lower crude oil prices and higher heating oil stocks.
Factors contributing to the observed trends in TB morbidity probably vary between countries.
Factors contributing to the quick decline in sawfly populations are starvation and natural enemies.
Factors control abundance distribution.
Factors control antler growth.
Factors control development.
Factors control distribution.
Factors control events.
Factors control growth.
Factors control phytoplankton growth.
Factors control plant growth.
Factors control population growth.
Factors control reaction.
Factors control responses.
Factors control types.
Factors controlling abundance other than resources include advection and predation.
Factors controlling aggregation include ionic strength and borohydride concentration.
Factors correlate too highly with each other.
Factors create avalanche conditions.
Factors create conditions.
Factors create conflict.
Factors create extreme avalanche conditions.
Factors create extreme conditions.
Factors decrease productivity.
Factors depend on amount of joint damage, the amount of heat or redness associated from the joint.
Factors depend on behaviour.
Factors described in the mud swamp essay also contribute to the problems with sleep.
Factors determine actions.
Factors determine ages.
Factors determine behavior.
Factors determine biological diversity.
Factors determine complexity.
Factors determine depth.
Factors determine distribution.
Factors determine diversity.
Factors determine equilibrium.
Factors determine functional outcomes.
Factors determine habitat use distribution.
Factors determine health.
Factors determine male reproductive success.
Factors determine nutrient requirements.
Factors determine outcomes.
Factors determine potential.
Factors determine presence.
Factors determine productivity.
Factors determine quality.
Factors determine reproductive success.
Factors determine requirements.
Factors determine responses.
Factors determine strategies.
Factors determine success.
Factors determine values.
Factors determined are yield of the various varieties and effects of irrigation and fertilizer.
Factors determining relevance include outdated event postings, or threads which have grown stale.
Factors determining relevancy include frequency and location of search terms.
Factors determining treatment include age, degree of illness and personal preferences.
Factors determining violence include vehicle and impact speed, and vehicle weight and configuration.
Factors drive impact.
Factors effecting rent are location and various property amenities.
Factors effecting the size of the margin of error are the size and variation of the population.
Factors enhance functions.
Factors entering into choice of a cart include height and wheels.
Factors examined are the acoustics, floor plan, storage, and equipment needs.
Factors explain observations.
Factors favoring vapor lock are high ambient temperatures which accompany high power output.
Factors Find out who is in charge and what happened.
Factors fluctuate with seasons, watershed use, storms, etc.
Factors fueling delinquency among teens include drug use, drinking and sometimes violence.
Factors govern development.
Factors govern growth.
Factors govern population growth.
Factors have air resistance.
Factors have characteristics.
Factors have components.
Factors have consequences.
Factors have effects.
Factors have genotypic components.
Factors have growth.
Factors have interactive effects.
Factors have levels.
Factors have minimal effects.
Factors have negative consequences.
Factors have opposite effects.
Factors have positive effects.
Factors have resistance.
Factors have significant consequences.
Factors have significant negative consequences.
Factors help development.
Factors impact breathe techniques.
Factors impact choices.
Factors impact nutrient requirements.
Factors impact occurrences.
Factors impact proper breathe techniques.
Factors impact proper techniques.
Factors impact requirements.
Factors impact success.
Factors impact techniques.
Factors include adults.
Factors include attributes.
Factors include characteristics.
Factors include conditions.
Factors include cost.
Factors include development.
Factors include diseases.
Factors include disorder.
Factors include environmental conditions.
Factors include existence.
Factors include fuel.
Factors include genetic predisposition.
Factors include high cost.
Factors include high production cost.
Factors include medical conditions.
Factors include migration.
Factors include oral diseases.
Factors include pneumonia.
Factors include predisposition.
Factors include presence.
Factors include production cost.
Factors include roles.
Factors include sources.
Factors include temperature.
Factors include water sources.
Factors include water.
Factors including number of users affect the cost.
Factors including speed, road conditions and driver input can all impact stopping distance.
Factors including temperature, hyperventilation, and anxiety can be an influence.
Factors increase cost.
Factors increase development.
Factors increase effects.
Factors increase likelihood.
Factors increase occurrences.
Factors increase resistance.
Factors increase variability.
Factors indicate an unfavorable prognosis.
Factors indicate that a stable and environmentally acceptable valley fill is being constructed.
Factors influence abundance distribution.
Factors influence activities.
Factors influence adult sexual behavior.
Factors influence adult survival.
Factors influence animals.
Factors influence battery life.
Factors influence behavior.
Factors influence biodiversity.
Factors influence blood lipid levels.
Factors influence blood pressure responses.
Factors influence breed success.
Factors influence choices.
Factors influence climates.
Factors influence clutch size.
Factors influence communities.
Factors influence completions.
Factors influence compliance.
Factors influence conditions.
Factors influence cost.
Factors influence decisions.
Factors influence development.
Factors influence diatom distribution.
Factors influence distribution.
Factors influence early growth.
Factors influence establishments.
Factors influence extent.
Factors influence feed behavior.
Factors influence feed habits.
Factors influence fish survival.
Factors influence food choices.
Factors influence forest biodiversity.
Factors influence global temperature.
Factors influence growth.
Factors influence habits.
Factors influence hatch success.
Factors influence health outcomes.
Factors influence health.
Factors influence human health.
Factors influence humans.
Factors influence immune responses.
Factors influence juvenile fish survival.
Factors influence juvenile survival.
Factors influence kidney stone development.
Factors influence levels.
Factors influence life.
Factors influence magnitudes.
Factors influence metamorphosis.
Factors influence mortality.
Factors influence mountain permafrost distribution.
Factors influence nest success.
Factors influence nest survival.
Factors influence organizations.
Factors influence outcomes.
Factors influence output.
Factors influence participation.
Factors influence perceptions.
Factors influence physical activities.
Factors influence physiology.
Factors influence phytoplankton growth.
Factors influence plant growth.
Factors influence population growth.
Factors influence problems.
Factors influence reproductive output.
Factors influence requirements.
Factors influence responses.
Factors influence results.
Factors influence risk management decisions.
Factors influence sale growth.
Factors influence sexual behavior.
Factors influence situations.
Factors influence size.
Factors influence success.
Factors influence survival.
Factors influence temperature.
Factors influence the stability of ecosystems.
Factors influence variability.
Factors influence weight.
Factors influence winter mortality.
Factors influence workers.
Factors influencing clutch size remain unclear.
Factors influencing decisions include staffing, facilities, enrollment, and educational objectives.
Factors influencing drug action and a discussion of drug safety are addressed.
Factors influencing egg development include temperature and degree of aeration of the egg masses.
Factors influencing fit include eyeglasses and facial hair.
Factors influencing sorption potential are the amounts of organic matter and clay in the soil.
Factors influencing the amount and distribution of leaf area in pine stands.
Factors influencing the design of content delivery components include the following.
Factors influencing the economy can also carry over from a previous administration.
Factors influencing the indigenous soil Rhizobium population are qualitatively rather well-known.
Factors influencing the rate include the number of people in the unit and the size of the room.
Factors influencing the rheology of grease include shear stress, shear rate, temperature and time.
Factors influencing the wider food market have repercussions for the ingredients industry.
Factors influencing youth smoking Several factors increase the risk of youth smoking.
Factors interfere with functions.
Factors interfere with normal functions.
Factors involve attention.
Factors known to be involved include pollution and allergies such as hayfever.
Factors known to influence career decisions include age, gender, and medical school attended.
Factors lead to development.
Factors lead to diversity.
Factors lead to explanations.
Factors lead to genetic diversity.
Factors lead to revolution.
Factors lead to symptoms.
Factors lead to typical symptoms.
Factors lead women.
Factors leading to a successful stay in treatment seem to differ by gender.
Factors leading to complaints vary from case to case, however, there is always something to learn.
Factors leading to selection of a drug of choice or to the onset of polysubstance abuse are complex.
Factors leading to the shortfall include increased fuel and liability insurance costs.
Factors limit crop productivity.
Factors limit numbers.
Factors limit plant productivity.
Factors limit productivity.
Factors limiting water intake include a high salt content, high iron or sulfur, and stagnation.
Factors limiting water intake include a high salt content, high iron or sulphur, and stagnation.
Factors linked to anemia are limited resources, inadequate diet, and medical conditions.
Factors make big differences.
Factors make differences.
Factors make effects.
Factors make growth.
Factors make huge differences.
Factors make pressure.
Factors make success.
Factors make values.
Factors making face to face contact more likely Placing agency is positive about contact.
Factors may have effects.
Factors may have positive effects.
Factors may have potential.
Factors may have secondary effects.
Factors motivating kids to join gangs vary individual to individual.
Factors occur in different forms.
Factors predicting falls in elderly nursing home residents.
Factors predicting success are frequent intervention visits.
Factors prevent regeneration.
Factors produce negative results.
Factors produce results.
Factors promote cell growth.
Factors promote development.
Factors promote differentiations.
Factors promote growth.
Factors promote headaches.
Factors provide habitats.
Factors provide suitable habitats.
Factors range from cost and required floor space to appearance and office aesthetics.
Factors reduce feed intake.
Factors reduce intake.
Factors reduce productivity.
Factors reducing the risk are sterilization and oral contraceptive use.
Factors reflect the healthy status of small satellite systems.
Factors regulate cell growth.
Factors regulate earth sun energy.
Factors regulate energy.
Factors regulate growth.
Factors regulate outcomes.
Factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Factors regulate population growth.
Factors regulate success.
Factors regulating hybrid formation in vivo are unknown.
Factors relate to abundances.
Factors relate to climates.
Factors relate to physiology.
Factors relate to plant physiology.
Factors relate to population size.
Factors relate to size.
Factors relate to small population size.
Factors relate to small size.
Factors relate to success.
Factors related to poor aeration are common as well.
Factors related to stress include anxiety, worry, shock, depression, excitement, and mental fatigue.
Factors related to the donor organ are major determinants of renal allograft function and survival.
Factors relating to heart size and heart function did affect survival, the researchers report.
Factors relating to it are fatigue, shock, injury, and exposure to cold and dampness.
Factors represent factors.
Factors require analyses.
Factors require consideration.
Factors require further investigations.
Factors require input.
Factors require investigations.
Factors result in imbalances.
Factors result in mortality.
Factors result in tree mortality.
Factors stimulate bone growth.
Factors stimulate cell growth.
Factors stimulate growth.
Factors suggesting a benign etiology include older, female patients as well as multiple nodules.
Factors taken into account include vision, arm and hand function, work posture and job demands.
Factors taken into consideration are the style, number, and level of detail required of the images.
Factors taken into consideration include coordination, networking, innovation and lasting impact.
Factors threaten survival.
Factors trigger activations.
Factors often considered are amount of separate assets, earning capacity and fixed liabilities.
All factors alone add independent risk the development of cardiac disease.
All factors are important and are considered in the selection of scholarship winners.
All factors are multiplicative.
All factors are of equal importance in the evaluation of a project.
All factors are variable.
All factors are very important, but at the end of the day, tax is a cost.
All factors being equal, adults of different ages learn an instrument at the same speed.
All factors combine.
All factors considered together support the classification of oligo-mesotrophic.
All factors contribute.
All factors have to be considered to be able to make an informed and appropriate decision.
All factors have to be evaluated thoroughly.
All factors have two levels except original pavement type and overlay type which have three.
All factors have two levels except original pavement type which has three levels.
All factors have two levels.
All factors influence both image uniformity and the power consumption of the display.
All factors influencing root growth are especially important.
All factors modify with age of onset-depending on the man.
All factors point toward weakening of the system.
All factors potentially lead to shock, which further increases trauma in a vicious circle.
All factors related to data acquisition are under software control.
All factors support a meso-eutrophic assessment.
Any factor contributing to naturalness is desirable.
Any factor interfering with the heart's ability to pump blood is an indication of bodily imbalance.
Any factor resulting in differences in fitness among genotypes can cause genetic load.
Any factors reducing the amount of tall grass cover have an adverse effect on Montezuma quail.
Every factor needs to be investigated thoroughly.
Many factors account for completed omelets.
Many factors account for the lack of menstrual cycles.
Many factors account for the reticence in using nitroglycerin.
Many factors account for the silence of battered women.
Many factors add up to the show's success.
Many factors affect a home's heating or cooling needs.
Many factors affect a meter's performance.
Many factors affect a patient's ability to wear contact lenses safely.
Many factors affect a person's ability to cope with the disorder.
Many factors affect a person's decision to become a legal resident of a particular state.
Many factors affect a person's health status.
Many factors affect accuracy including atmospheric conditions and satellite location.
Many factors affect advancement for employees.
Many factors affect an individual's absorption of alcohol.
Many factors affect application performance.
Many factors affect blood pressure, including heredity, obesity and age.
Many factors affect bone health.
Many factors affect bone strength.
Many factors affect bowel function, including diet, drugs, physical activity, stress and anxiety.
Many factors affect business success.
Many factors affect carcass merit.
Many factors affect chlorophyll meter readings.
Many factors affect colony morale.
Many factors affect compliance, and the authors have addressed a wide range of patient needs.
Many factors affect cost.
Many factors affect crime.
Many factors affect disturbance.
Many factors affect download speeds.
Many factors affect egg production.
Many factors affect export demand in any given year.
Many factors affect exports.
Many factors affect faculty recruitment and retention.
Many factors affect family stability and well-being.
Many factors affect feeding value.
Many factors affect fill power.
Many factors affect flooring choices and costs.
Many factors affect health and longevity.
Many factors affect health.
Many factors affect how a particular instrument is to be strung and tuned.
Many factors affect how a patient reacts with chronic pain.
Many factors affect how evaporation happens.
Many factors affect how much waste and extra fluid are removed from the blood.
Many factors affect how quickly individuals, families and communities recover.
Many factors affect how siblings relate to each other on a given day.
Many factors affect how well diabetes is controlled.
Many factors affect ice quality.
Many factors affect insulin activity.
Many factors affect interest rates.
Many factors affect land values, and they can be hard to measure.
Many factors affect locational accuracy in mapping.
Many factors affect natural selection which is the basis for evolution.
Many factors affect one's risk of health problems related to chemical exposures.
Many factors affect our behavior choices.
Many factors affect our functioning.
Many factors affect outcomes in children.
Many factors affect pellet quality or durability.
Many factors affect playability besides the distance between the frets and the strings.
Many factors affect poultry meat yield, and determine a companies profit margin.
Many factors affect price and cost.
Many factors affect quality of life for women and men.
Many factors affect recidivism including age, lack of schooling, lack of employment, and finances.
Many factors affect retrace, restabilization and reaging characteristics.
Many factors affect sedimentation.
Many factors affect shelter selection, including the user's physical design and lifestyle.
Many factors affect site selection.
Many factors affect soil organic matter.
Many factors affect sound quality, but improvements in two areas can offer big rewards.
Many factors affect stomach-acid secretion.
Many factors affect student achievement.
Many factors affect student performance.
Many factors affect survival rates among cancer patients.
Many factors affect the absorption of calcium into the body.
Many factors affect the accuracy of scientific investigations.
Many factors affect the actual time required for a given repair action.
Many factors affect the admission decision.
Many factors affect the amount of federal dollars each state receives.
Many factors affect the amount of uv radiation that reaches Earth's surface.
Many factors affect the analytical results of a nutrient extraction procedure.
Many factors affect the answer to the question.
Many factors affect the attributions made by individuals about their ability to affect a situation.
Many factors affect the availability and quality of indicator data, especially at the county level.
Many factors affect the bioavailability of contaminants.
Many factors affect the body's state of balance.
Many factors affect the child's way of playing, moving, eating, talking, listening, etc.
Many factors affect the circulatory system.
Many factors affect the composting process, but moisture content often is the most crucial.
Many factors affect the content of both the public and governmental agenda.
Many factors affect the decision to begin mechanical ventilation.
Many factors affect the decision to choose an intranet vendor.
Many factors affect the decision to stay or leave the relationship.
Many factors affect the deduction for family living expenses.
Many factors affect the degree of carrying capacity.
Many factors affect the development of self-confidence.
Many factors affect the distribution and evolutionary history of spiders.
Many factors affect the dosage of insulin that an individual requires.
Many factors affect the ecology of a pond.
Many factors affect the efficiency of salt as a melting agent.
Many factors affect the evaporation process.
Many factors affect the feeding rates of fish.
Many factors affect the final cost of a web site, but the main factor is time.
Many factors affect the growth of hair.
Many factors affect the health of children in child care centers.
Many factors affect the intensity of a given peak.
Many factors affect the intensity, such as topography and near surface geology.
Many factors affect the life span of fish in an aquarium.
Many factors affect the likelihood of a safe pregnancy outcome for the mother and the baby.
Many factors affect the opportunity to breed.
Many factors affect the oxygen availability to the muscles.
Many factors affect the pain of sciatica.
Many factors affect the performance observed at a client workstation.
Many factors affect the performance of computer systems.
Many factors affect the performance of furrow irrigation systems.
Many factors affect the pollution potential of animal waste.
Many factors affect the price a landowner receives for timber.
Many factors affect the project evaluation based on the metrics collected.
Many factors affect the quality of sperm produced by an individual at any given time.
Many factors affect the required vent and connector sizes for gas appliances.
Many factors affect the resistivity of rock.
Many factors affect the scope of toxicity .
Many factors affect the secretion of stomach acid.
Many factors affect the stability of interest rates, most significant is inflation.
Many factors affect the strategy.
Many factors affect the success of a canola crop.
Many factors affect the success or failure of an industrial park project.
Many factors affect the supply and demand of calcium in the human body.
Many factors affect the time it takes to write a decision.
Many factors affect the true rate of return as well as the value of a note.
Many factors affect the type of environment available to dairy cows.
Many factors affect the unit's T-level.
Many factors affect the value of a map.
Many factors affect tolerance.
Many factors affect treatment decisions.
Many factors affect value-added.
Many factors affect values and cause assessment changes to differ.
Many factors affect water quality.
Many factors affect whether a substance is found on land, in the sea, or in the air.
Many factors affecting reservoir operation are seasonal in nature.
Many factors affecting the lives of boys and girls are different.
Many factors also influence the retrieval process.
Many factors appear to be at play.
Many factors appear to be interacting to cause their decline.
Many factors appear to play a role in the aetiology and exacerbation of asthma.
Many factors are at play here, the primary one being the presence or absence of children.
Many factors are at play in the formula.
Many factors are at work in determining the near-surface air temperature at a given place and time.
Many factors are at work.
Many factors are available.
Many factors are behind the farmers' plight.
Many factors are critical to the development of a successful occupational health and safety program.
Many factors are important in breeding cattle.
Many factors are important in choosing a plastic surgeon.
Many factors are important in decisions about information disclosure.
Many factors are important in determining a good web site.
Many factors are important in establishing successful biological control programs in greenhouses.
Many factors are important in obtaining coverage.
Many factors are important in the accurate selection of a conveyor system.
Many factors are important to consider in choosing a graduate or professional program.
Many factors are important to consider.
Many factors are important to evaluation of web pages, web sites and the information therein.
Many factors are influencing public opinion about legalized gambling and the stakes are high.
Many factors are involved in creating an optimal environment for kefir grains.
MANY factors are involved in the evolution of life forms on earth.
Many factors are involved In the natured processes that provide sandy sediment to the coast.
Many factors are likely to influence the success or failure of collaboration efforts.
Many factors are possible causes of the decline of yellow perch stocks in Lake Michigan.
Many factors are responsible for coastal wetland loss.
Many factors are responsible for the incomparability.
Many factors are responsible for theincreasing interest in compact, or small, cars.
Many factors are responsible.
Many factors are taken into account when assessing conservation status.
Many factors are yet to be identified or understood.
Many factors arise when repeaters are transferred to other individuals or moved.
Many factors bear on each, and non can be explained as the result of one simple cause.
Many factors bear on the implementation of general management plans.
Many factors bode well for the impending growth of e-commerce on the Continent.
Many factors can act as triggers for hillslope failure.
Many factors can affect a conservatorship.
Many factors can affect a gay man's position on the continuum.
Many factors can affect a habitat's ability to combat acid rain.
Many factors can affect a horse's short and long-term ability to perform.
Many factors can affect a man's performance.
Many factors can affect biological diversity.
Many factors can affect brightness, from the tube type to general differences in manufacturing.
Many factors can affect cholesterol levels.
Many factors can affect established goals and response times.
Many factors can affect gas mileage, including tire pressure and traffic conditions.
Many factors can affect how many larvae survive.
Many factors can affect levels.
Many factors can affect liver function and glutathione availability in infants and toddlers.
Many factors can affect our perception of color.
Many factors can affect PC performance.
Many factors can affect results.
Many factors can affect target conception rates.
Many factors can affect the actual patient survival rates at a facility.
Many factors can affect the chemical composition of the water in a particular area.
Many factors can affect the chemical resistance of particular materials, especially plastics.
Many factors can affect the chemical resistance of plastics.
Many factors can affect the data stream, and slow it down or interrupt it completely.
Many factors can affect the decisions about prioritizing certain projects.
Many factors can affect the difference in profitability between feeding steers and heifers.
Many factors can affect the etiology and pathogenesis of diabetic complications.
Many factors can affect the healing process.
Many factors can affect the kidneys' ability to excrete drugs.
Many factors can affect the level of Gd enhancement in an individual patient.
Many factors can affect the life of a photographic print.
Many factors can affect the lifespan on a budgie.
Many factors can affect the odor of urine.
Many factors can affect the outcome from the actual air leakage of the house to the climate.
Many factors can affect the quality of beef from the feedlot to packinghouse to the meat counter.
Many factors can affect the readings taken on a sound meter including intentional factors.
Many factors can affect the schoolwide scores.
Many factors can affect the system's speed.
Many factors can affect the total cost of legal services.
Many factors can affect the water quality of a river system.
Many factors can affect tour ratings such as weather and altitude.
Many factors can affect water quality.
Many factors can also affect how much calcium the body eliminates in urine, feces, and sweat.
Many factors can attribute to the success or failure of a reintroduction.
Many factors can be detrimental to bioaerosol survival.
Many factors can cause a computer system to go down.
Many factors can cause a slip.
Many factors can cause a standard to go out of date.
Many factors can cause depression.
Many factors can cause headaches, ranging from stress and sleep disturbances to physical illnesses.
Many factors can cause insomnia, from conflicts with medication to too much caffeine.
Many factors can cause intellectual disability.
Many factors can cause malnutrition.
Many factors can cause or contribute to beam profile and mode content instabilities.
Many factors can cause slow response.
Many factors can cause stress.
Many factors can cause temperature increases.
Many factors can cause the sphincter to be too relaxed.
Many factors can cause thermal instability.
Many factors can cause westerly wind shear in the tropics.
Many factors can change a producer's quality of wine.
Many factors can change that equation.
Many factors can change the schedule for the driver, so try to remain flexible.
Many factors can change the strength of a rope or line.
Many factors can change things.
Many factors can change.
Many factors can combine to cause mental illness.
Many factors can come into play with the proper functioning of the interface.
Many factors can compromise a victim's safety.
Many factors can confound measurements in the near field.
Many factors can contribute to a downloading problem.
Many factors can contribute to chronic pain.
Many factors can contribute to decreasing water clarity.
Many factors can contribute to depression.
Many factors can contribute to habitat loss.
Many factors can contribute to impotence, the inability of the penis to become erect or stay erect.
Many factors can contribute to poor absorption of minerals, besides too little stomach acid.
Many factors can contribute to producing healthy children.
Many factors can contribute to revenue instability.
Many factors can contribute to spark plug fouling.
Many factors can contribute to the decline of an older adult's mental well-being.
Many factors can contribute to the degree of risk for developing breast cancer.
Many factors can contribute to the developement of atherosclerosis.
Many factors can contribute to the development of anorexia.
Many factors can contribute to the development of cataracts.
Many factors can contribute to the development of depression.
Many factors can contribute to the formation of astigmatism.
Many factors can contribute to thinner stands.
Many factors can contribute to tomato blossom-end rot in the vegetable garden.
Many factors can control the number of green leaves on a corn plant.
Many factors can control, or regulate, the growth of populations.
Many factors can determine the type of antibiotic used and the dosage.
Many factors can drive the demand for replacement.
Many factors can effect performance including compiler options and cache size.
Many factors can effect the search results returned by search engines.
Many factors can enter into a slowdown or elimination of growth.
Many factors can eventually lead to dementia.
Many factors can exacerbate and lessen the symptoms on a daily basis.
Many factors can figure into a slow response from the web site.
Many factors can help an athlete prevent an injury.
Many factors can help expedite the installation process.
Many factors can impact herbicide performance.
Many factors can impact on or cause performance deficits.
Many factors can impact the future of the mobile home market, making trends difficult to identify.
Many factors can increase the likelihood of an adverse drug reaction.
Many factors can influence a molecule's ability to donate electrons.
Many factors can influence a person's risk for cancer.
Many factors can influence a printer or a copier, such as age, environment, or defects.
Many factors can influence a stallion's semen quality and ability to cool or freeze.
Many factors can influence an employee's inability to maintain good personal hygiene, however.
Many factors can influence counts and rates of injuries and illnesses in a given year.
Many factors can influence how energetic people feel.
Many factors can influence how fast or slow carbohydrates are absorbed.
Many factors can influence meaningful comparisons between crime grids.
Many factors can influence perennial weed control.
Many factors can influence such a result.
Many factors can influence the behaviour of foreign DNA when it integrates into the plant genome.
Many factors can influence the buyer throughout the selection process.
Many factors can influence the estimates of emergency department visits.
Many factors can influence the extent and distribution of fish species in the watershed.
Many factors can influence the optimum date in a given year.
Many factors can influence the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery.
Many factors can influence the performance of a bow, for better or worse.
Many factors can influence the rate of bone loss.
Many factors can influence the response rate in patients.
Many factors can influence the result.
Many factors can influence the search retrieval.
Many factors can influence the thermodynamic stability of a transition metal complex.
Many factors can influence the timing of migration, including genetic factors.
Many factors can influence the use fee for a stock photograph.
Many factors can interfere with optimal sperm quality in men.
Many factors can interfere with that stability.
Many factors can interfere with the normal flow of the blood.
Many factors can interfere with the oxygenation of blood.
Many factors can lead a person down the road to impatience.
Many factors can lead to decreased throughput, such as excessive delay in the network.
Many factors can make a breast-feeding mother susceptible to mastitis.
Many factors can make a person suspectable to kidney stones.
Many factors can make a restaurant noisier.
Many factors can make an overseas assignment a terrible experience.
Many factors can modify our genetic and metabolic propensity for illness and disease states.
Many factors can modify the desirable harmony of intestinal microflora .
Many factors can modify the magnitude and depth of microclimate-related edge influence.
Many factors can obstruct an effective decision making process.
Many factors can play a significant role in the body's inability to handle stress.
Many factors can precipitate asthma attacks.
Many factors can precipitate such a spasm but there is one primary hormone involved adrenalin .
Many factors can prevent or aid understanding.
Many factors can produce an inaccurate profile.
Many factors can shape a videoconference call.
Many factors can stimulate a person's growth through the three levels of moral development.
Many factors can trigger a migraine.
Many factors can underlie unreasonable anger responses.
Many factors can work together to cause poor appetite.
Many factors cause bad breath.
Many factors cause interst rates to vary, ie.
Many factors cause migraines.
Many factors cause tension within the home.
Many factors cause the South Coast to remain isolated.
Many factors causing abnormal development can also lead to childhood mortality.
Many factors combine to create quality in genealogy.
Many factors combine to determine comparative advantage of different development pathways.
Many factors combine to determine the stream's path.
Many factors combine to form an environment conducive to learning.
Many factors combine to influence the risk of losses to TSWV in a peanut crop.
Many factors combine to initiate and perpetuate the pain cycle.
Many factors combine to make it difficult.
Many factors combine to make life on the Earth habitable for all of the species which live here.
Many factors combine to make the selection of information resources more complex than in the past.
Many factors combine to make up the actual pay rate offered by an employer.
Many factors combine to produce the level of demand and prices for various timber and wood products.
Many factors come in to play with sex crimes, especially with juveniles.
Many factors come into consideration when appointing a firm.
Many factors come into play and require tuning.
Many factors come into play besides visitor interest.
Many factors come into play here, such as support costs, costs of issuing patches, and so on.
Many factors come into play here.
Many factors come into play in deciding to leave, making all situations more complex than they seem.
Many factors come into play in determining the chances for success in a given dungeon.
Many factors come into play in formulating the design solution.
Many factors come into play that affect the selling of a business.
Many factors come into play that can affect the results.
Many factors come into play when a startup morphs into a modern corporation.
Many factors come into play when choosing a storage tank.
Many factors come into play when deciding the which route to take.
Many factors come into play when designing a new home or purchasing one already built.
Many factors come into play when determining effective and economic transportation for students.
Many factors come into play when determining the relationship between stress and cancer.
Many factors come into play.
Many factors come to comprise it, without conscious effort or intent.
Many factors come together in choosing a fertilized egg within the mother.
Many factors come together to cause each type of cancer.
Many factors come together to present the tainted information.
Many factors complicate erosion control work.
Many factors conspire to keep evaluation discussions that way.
Many factors conspire to shorten the life of library materials.
Many factors conspire to shrink the usable surplus.
Many factors contribute on a daily basis to compromise our nutrition.
Many factors contribute to a community's quality of life.
Many factors contribute to a defendant's sentence.
Many factors contribute to a good braking system.
Many factors contribute to a good racing pigeon.
Many factors contribute to a grade that have nothing to do with intelligence.
Many factors contribute to a greater gain.
Many factors contribute to a higher than average rate of violence among professional athletes.
Many factors contribute to a positive and productive climate, including clear and concise standards.
Many factors contribute to a student's potential for success.
Many factors contribute to a successful and positive college experience.
Many factors contribute to a successfully leased building.
Many factors contribute to a team being consistently good.
Many factors contribute to academic maturity.
Many factors contribute to alcohol dependence.
Many factors contribute to an effective placement.
Many factors contribute to an event in which a worker dies.
Many factors contribute to an individual's predisposition to stroke.
Many factors contribute to an individual's suitability for a particular position.
Many factors contribute to an skier's potential for injury.
Many factors contribute to big game survival rates.
Many factors contribute to children feeling good about themselves.
Many factors contribute to chronic diseases.
Many factors contribute to cleft conditions.
Many factors contribute to depression.
Many factors contribute to differences in student effort, expectations, and persistence.
Many factors contribute to economic prosperity.
Many factors contribute to Eisenhower s ability to set the standard for excellence in health care.
Many factors contribute to employee turnover.
Many factors contribute to energy price variations.
Many factors contribute to forage and livestock production.
Many factors contribute to Haiti's poverty, starting with the lack of a stable government.
Many factors contribute to how a child reacts to a move.
Many factors contribute to life expectancy.
Many factors contribute to light antiarmor weapon marksmanship.
Many factors contribute to mineral malnutrition in animals eating pet foods.
Many factors contribute to one's risk of getting lung cancer.
Many factors contribute to our industry-leading response times.
Many factors contribute to our unique culture and success.
Many factors contribute to physical loop failure.
Many factors contribute to poor health conditions among African American women.
Many factors contribute to quality of life and outcome after a brain injury.
Many factors contribute to raising healthy, successful children.
Many factors contribute to regional sales variations.
Many factors contribute to successful work experiences.
Many factors contribute to successfully teaching birds to talk.
Many factors contribute to the abandonment of brownfields.
Many factors contribute to the ability and the rate that children develop their motor skills.
Many factors contribute to the absence of joy among the believers of today.
Many factors contribute to the acceleration and permanence of hair loss.
Many factors contribute to the amount of IgG found in colostrum.
Many factors contribute to the benefits of smoking cessation.
Many factors contribute to the capability to intercept a strategic ballistic missile.
Many factors contribute to the cause of teen deaths in motor vehicles.
Many factors contribute to the challenge of a golf game.
Many factors contribute to the complexity of Massachusetts taxes.
Many factors contribute to the condition of oily or unhealthy hair.
Many factors contribute to the confusion over Tat.
Many factors contribute to the construction of an individual student s elective program.
Many factors contribute to the creation of blended classrooms.
Many factors contribute to the decision to subcontract a portion of the prime contractor's work.
Many factors contribute to the demand for architectural illustration.
Many factors contribute to the development of an eating disorder.
Many factors contribute to the development of chronic obstructive lung diseases.
Many factors contribute to the development of obesity.
Many factors contribute to the development of osteoporosis.
Many factors contribute to the development of resistance.
Many factors contribute to the disparities in economic performance.
Many factors contribute to the dissolved oxygen level.
Many factors contribute to the duration and effects of culture shock.
Many factors contribute to the effective suppression of early blight.
Many factors contribute to the end of a relationship.
Many factors contribute to the enjoyment of viewing a film.
Many factors contribute to the establishment of tuition, costs and fees.
Many factors contribute to the fall of a person into pornography addiction.
Many factors contribute to the final end-stage disease, listed as diagnoses in medical records.
Many factors contribute to the growth of a string program, and there is no clear recipe for success.
Many factors contribute to the growth of horses.
Many factors contribute to the identification of such a superb gem black opal.
Many factors contribute to the inaccuracy of credit reports.
Many factors contribute to the incidence of abuse.
Many factors contribute to the increased security challenge faced domestically and abroad.
Many factors contribute to the life of batteries.
Many factors contribute to the mature dog s temperament.
Many factors contribute to the misunderstanding of singleness today.
Many factors contribute to the myriad of fall colors.
Many factors contribute to the occurrence of rollover crashes.
Many factors contribute to the ongoing success of the wireless phone market.
Many factors contribute to the overall health, well-being and life expectancy of a hedgehog.
Many factors contribute to the playback quality.
Many factors contribute to the precision of the antenna set-up.
Many factors contribute to the problem of financial sustainability.
Many factors contribute to the problems of graduate students, and problems can occur at any point.
Many factors contribute to the quality of hay and one major factor is how wet the crop is.
Many factors contribute to the readability of a passage.
Many factors contribute to the recovery between training sessions and competition.
Many factors contribute to the relative suitability of a growing range for each species of tree.
Many factors contribute to the restriction of women's access to information.
Many factors contribute to the rise and fall of drug and alcohol arrests, and money is a big factor.
Many factors contribute to the risk of a heart attack.
Many factors contribute to the stability of albumin during heating.
Many factors contribute to the strength of the three in the backfield.
Many factors contribute to the style of a television show.
Many factors contribute to the success of a market.
Many factors contribute to the success or failure of a transition.
Many factors contribute to the symptom of yellow corn seedlings.
Many factors contribute to the ultimate value of a general purpose applications framework.
Many factors contribute to the violations of human rights.
Many factors contribute to the wage gap.
Many factors contribute to unequal participation of minorities in science and mathematics education.
Many factors contribute to variability including fuel characteristics, weather, and topography.
Many factors contribute to visual impairment, including a number of normal aging processes.
Many factors contribute to women being excluded from industrial jobs.
Many factors contribute.
Many factors control the fate of planktonic larvae recently settled reef fish.
Many factors create differences in leadership requirements.
Many factors create the atmosphere surrounding a meeting - business or personal.
Many factors culminate in environmental degradation.
Many factors decrease the effective zinc in food and water in modern society.
Many factors define the difference between good and great in knife design.
Many factors delaying repair, such as disease state, are understandable.
Many factors deserve consideration here.
Many factors determine a person s eligibility to participate in a clinical trial.
Many factors determine a species' reproductive potential.
Many factors determine bath stability.
Many factors determine behavior.
Many factors determine bone mass, with age, sex, race, and genetics as most important.
Many factors determine bone mass, with age, sex, race, and genetics being most important.
Many factors determine calcium absorption or use by the body.
Many factors determine financial aid eligibility.
Many factors determine how long an edition lasts until it is updated.
Many factors determine how much calcium the body absorbs.
Many factors determine locations for field-based and clinical experiences.
MANY factors determine pricing.
Many factors determine public policy.
Many factors determine risk from exposure including the dose, the duration, and the type of contact.
Many factors determine the acquisition of contact allergy.
Many factors determine the appropriate size and type trim tabs for faster boats.
Many factors determine the brightness of objects seen in space.
Many factors determine the effectiveness, and hence the profitability, of a web site.
Many factors determine the extent of the nitrogen loss.
Many factors determine the fate of a business.
Many factors determine the fate of carbon in the ocean.
Many factors determine the flammability of fuel.
Many factors determine the handset receiver and transmitter optimum frequency plan.
Many factors determine the location, appearance, and amount of activity of each volcano.
Many factors determine the nature of any given system.
Many factors determine the price of a gallon of gasoline.
Many factors determine the quality of a particular product.
Many factors determine the quantity of neovascularization of a flap that has been transferred.
Many factors determine the range and strength of farm odors.
Many factors determine the range and strength of odors.
Many factors determine the ultimate performance of servers and workstations.
Many factors determine the ultimate performance of servers.
Many factors determine the value of a record.
Many factors determine when a plant needs to be watered.
Many factors determine where cats sit in relationship to each other.
Many factors determine whether a special offer provides genuine savings.
Many factors determine whether specific adaptation options are viable in particular locations.
Many factors determine which method is used.
Many factors determine which method of treatment is appropriate for each individual.
Many factors determine which therapy is best for an individual.
Many factors determine who develops osteoporosis.
Many factors determine who is cared for by what physician.
Many factors dictate the appropriate time to perform the procedure.
Many factors dictate the time it takes to perform a synchronisation.
Many factors discourage young women from pursing careers in math and science.
Many factors disturb the situation.
Many factors draw motorists to a gas station, and price is near the top of the list.
Many factors drive drinking water utilities to consider changes in coagulation schemes.
Many factors drive the creation of policy, and there are many routes to a desired end.
Many factors drive the decision to locate a manufacturing, distribution, or sales office.
Many factors drive the move to restructure the electric utility industry.
Many factors drive the process for finding the right buyer.
Many factors effect the neutron population.
Many factors enable some young women to avoid an unplanned pregnancy in their teenage years.
Many factors enter into decisions to put levies or bond issues before voters.
Many factors enter into education planning.
Many factors enter into it.
Many factors enter into price of an item.
Many factors enter into the amount of culture stress one feels while living in another culture.
Many factors enter into the decision to do one or the other.
Many factors enter into the decision to participate in a clinical drug study.
Many factors enter into the decision.
Many factors enter into the important decision of moving a student into the next grade.
Many factors enter into the length of time a permit application takes.
Many factors enter into the making of international environmental policy.
Many factors enter into the market price of a home.
Many factors enter into the marketing of commercial investment property.
Many factors enter into the process of thinking.
Many factors enter into the selection of a repair method for recurrent anterior instability.
Many factors enter into the selection of reviewers.
Many factors enter into weight loss, including the psychological, the biochemical and genetic.
Many factors explain the festival's popularity.
Many factors explain why produce suppliers have little market power.
Many factors favor growth.
Many factors favour the merger.
Many factors feed in.
Many factors figure into successful cultivation and growth.
Many factors form the parameters of a subject company's degree of risk.
Many factors generate truck travel on New Jersey roads, as described below.
Many factors give our program special appeal.
Many factors go into a landowner's investment decision.
Many factors go into an exegetical decision.
Many factors go into calculating the cost.
Many factors go into choosing a bowl team .
Many factors go into choosing a major.
Many factors go into choosing an assisted-living community or nursing home.
Many factors go into deciding on a new car.
Many factors go into deciding which topology is optimal.
Many factors go into determining the location of a package.
Many factors go into determining the premiums for a homeowners policy.
Many factors go into determining the value of a personal injury settlement or claim.
Many factors go into determining the value of old books, including condition and rarity.
Many factors go into determining the yield, with moisture at flowering being the most critical.
Many factors go into determining what a lawyer charges per hour or for a particular case.
Many factors go into each college's hire-archy.
Many factors go into hitting a solid golf shot.
Many factors go into making a great photograph and great photographer.
Many factors go into making a purchase decision, and some carry more weight than others.
Many factors go into producing and successfully showing a winner, one of which is conformation.
Many factors go into racing.
Many factors go into the choice.
Many factors go into the decision to admit.
Many factors go into the design of such a workstation.
Many factors go into the determination of the true cost of owning capital infrastructure.
Many factors go into the financial institution's lending decision process.
Many factors go into the pricing of a website.
Many factors go into the quality of fresh flowers.
Many factors go into the second calculation.
Many factors go into the selection of the vice president.
Many factors go into the valuation of a coin.
Many factors go into the valuation of feeder cattle.
Many factors govern a decision on what potential investments to pursue.
Many factors govern the all-important management aspects of legume intervention.
Many factors govern what is made available for surplus sale.
Many factors govern what is made available.
Many factors have an effect on running performance.
Many factors have to be considered to be able to obtain maximum production.
Many factors have to be considered when assessing and forecasting demand.
Many factors have to be considered.
Many factors have to be in place for the immune system to become disrupted.
Many factors have to be taken into consideration with website design.
Many factors help determine the characteristics of a stream when it leaves the nozzle.
Many factors help to paint a picture of whether a waterway is healthy.
Many factors impact ground level ozone development.
Many factors impact on the availability and stability of jobs.
Many factors impact plant growth.
Many factors impact the decision making process in the caregiving situation.
Many factors impact the outcome, such as what the business is worth, the timing of a sale, etc.
Many factors impact the rate of damage.
Many factors impact the resolution of grief, such as the age at the time of death, and circumstance.
Many factors impact upon schools' scores.
Many factors impinge on student decisions whether to complete a program.
Many factors increase the amount of pigment that can darken skin.
Many factors increase the likelihood of developing prostate cancer.
Many factors increase the risk of developing coronary artery disease.
Many factors increase the risk of developing erectile dysfunction in cyclists.
Many factors increase the risk of heart disease.
Many factors influence a comet's luster, the main one being whether it is new or old.
Many factors influence a faculty member's decision to leave or remain in Utah.
Many factors influence a local government's ability to raise revenue for education.
Many factors influence a person s initial drug use.
Many factors influence a student's emotional response to the on-line course.
Many factors influence a transplant center's actual survival rate.
Many factors influence adolescent's eating habits, including family and peers.
Many factors influence amplifier choice.
Many factors influence an individual s choice of holiday destination.
Many factors influence and affect the radio signal.
Many factors influence blood pressure, including obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol use.
Many factors influence career decisions, such as required training, education and salary level.
Many factors influence catheter-related sepsis.
Many factors influence corn growth and development.
Many factors influence crop response to fertilizers.
Many factors influence decisions on the setting of regulatory standards for radiation protection.
Many factors influence drug effect.
Many factors influence engineers incomes.
Many factors influence environmental quality.
Many factors influence how a baby or young child grows and learns.
Many factors influence how a person grieves.
Many factors influence how cattle look or feel at observation time.
Many factors influence how people perceive risks and make decisions.
Many factors influence how students learn and function academically in the classroom.
Many factors influence how well teens master the tasks of adolescence.
Many factors influence human motivation.
Many factors influence hunger, appetite, and subsequent food intake.
Many factors influence kWh usage.
Many factors influence milk yield.
Many factors influence nutrient uptake for plants.
Many factors influence one's choice of a candidate.
Many factors influence our ability to stay well.
Many factors influence our attractiveness to others.
Many factors influence patient compliance, such as effectiveness, attractiveness, and color.
Many factors influence people to immigrate.
Many factors influence people who become activist and drift away, but a few seem central.
Many factors influence people's theories of values.
Many factors influence people's vote.
Many factors influence perceptions of risk and the value of risk reduction.
Many factors influence physician resources.
Many factors influence reproductive performance in a dairy herd.
Many factors influence soil temperature.
Many factors influence stock price movements in today's market.
Many factors influence susceptibility to stress.
Many factors influence testing results.
Many factors influence that fat, including eating and exercise habits and hormonal changes.
Many factors influence the acoustical performance of gypsum board partition systems.
Many factors influence the actual waiting time.
Many factors influence the air resistance acting upon the object in free fall.
Many factors influence the amount of water required by cattle.
Many factors influence the amount of wind erosion that occurs.
Many factors influence the behavior of installed window systems to resist water infiltration.
Many factors influence the choice of a look angle.
Many factors influence the choice of technical architecture for a given group of applications.
Many factors influence the choice, from financial concerns to family and religious values.
Many factors influence the choline requirement.
Many factors influence the consultation, as shown in the diagram below.
Many factors influence the cost of and ability to arrange for financing.
Many factors influence the course of one's life.
Many factors influence the decision about where to live.
Many factors influence the decision to retire.
Many factors influence the decision.
Many factors influence the development of any culture.
Many factors influence the economic success of a business.
Many factors influence the effectiveness of pepper spray.
Many factors influence the effectiveness of the caching service.
Many factors influence the fawn crop of white-tailed deer.
Many factors influence the fertilization program of plants in the landscape.
Many factors influence the final value of a doll.
Many factors influence the formation of clot and the routing of venous blood through an extremity.
Many factors influence the frequency that any given banner is displayed.
Many factors influence the future of midwifery in the Valley.
Many factors influence the incidence of cold injury.
Many factors influence the level of oxygen in a river.
Many factors influence the life expectancy of a parrot.
Many factors influence the living conditions in a country.
Many factors influence the loss.
Many factors influence the natural history of the disease and treatment decisions.
Many factors influence the pattern of business start-ups.
Many factors influence the price of a piece of art, but the key factor is of course demand.
Many factors influence the price of agricultural products.
Many factors influence the price of gasoline.
Many factors influence the price of standing trees.
Many factors influence the prioritization process.
Many factors influence the processes carried on by bone tissue.
Many factors influence the quality and quantity of milk produced by a dairy farm.
Many factors influence the quality of grass.
Many factors influence the quality of harvested feeds.
Many factors influence the quality of instruction.
Many factors influence the rate of runoff after a storm.
Many factors influence the resale price including season, location, unit size and age.
Many factors influence the retail water prices levied by urban water agencies.
Many factors influence the selection and use of contraceptives.
Many factors influence the severity and prevalence of uterine infections in cows.
Many factors influence the severity of attacks and resultingmortality levels.
Many factors influence the size of the U.S. network and the locations of stations.
Many factors influence the speed of a connection.
Many factors influence the stability of zinc in liquid fertilizers.
Many factors influence the strength of grasp.
Many factors influence the success of interagency collaborations.
Many factors influence the success of the two intercropped species, including light interception.
Many factors influence the temper of bees, and it is a difficult subject to study.
Many factors influence the time for moving a house.
Many factors influence the tone or color of objects or features recorded on photographic emulsions.
Many factors influence the use of crop consultants by farmers.
Many factors influence the volume of exports and imports.
Many factors influence the word panelists' choices.
Many factors influence the yield and quality of cucurbit crops.
Many factors influence their decisions.
Many factors influence why some youth have successes in life and why others have a harder time.
Many factors influence why some youth seem to succeed and others have a hard time in life.
Many factors influencing wildlife behavior require analysis.
Many factors inhibit African countries from benefiting more fully from trade.
Many factors interact in sequence and simultaneously to evoke different responses and perceptions.
Many factors interact in the development of any soil.
Many factors interact to cause retinopathy of prematurity.
Many factors interact to influence the onset of walking.
Many factors involved are subtle and intangible and are difficult to measure statistically.
Many factors involved include interest rates, unemployment, growth in the labor force.
Many factors keep manufacturing employment numbers from being stronger.
Many factors limit their fundings to specific days of the week.
Many factors make a positive and productive climate, including clear and concise standards.
Many factors make Christian evangelism difficult in Uganda.
Many factors make fitting contacts after transplant a challenge.
Many factors make for academic success in universities and colleges throughout the country.
Many factors make Illinois both an attractive place to do business or to work.
Many factors make it difficult for farmers to continue making a living from the land.
Many factors make it less easy.
Many factors make looking for a job difficult.
Many factors make necessary a serious survey of broadcasting in the Arab world.
Many factors make removal of vinyl film difficult.
Many factors make that standard difficult to attain.
Many factors make the equation.
Many factors make up a hiring decision, the award of a contract or the admission of a student.
Many factors make up the complete energy analysis of any given business or home.
Many factors mitigate against it.
Many factors operate simultaneously to influence compulsive drug taking behaviours.
Many factors placing the gauges at risk are outside the jurisdiction of regulatory agencies.
Many factors play a part in atopic dermatitis.
Many factors play a part in how fees are set.
Many factors play a part in proper reproductive management of the dairy herd.
Many factors play a part in the decision of which organization to join.
Many factors play a part in the development of one's orientation toward computers.
Many factors play a part in the making of a cutting champion.
Many factors play a part in the orbital configuration.
Many factors play a part of how children get along.
Many factors play a role in determining which gear to use.
Many factors play a role in that decision.
Many factors play a role in the aging of facial skin.
Many factors play a role in the deterioration of brick and morter.
Many factors play a role in the development of cancer.
Many factors play a role in the Dutch attitude towards Germany.
Many factors play a role in the effects of such contacts.
Many factors play a role in the prosecutor s decision making.
Many factors play a role in the vitality of new food and beverage products.
Many factors play a role in water quality including runoff, acid rain, heat, and chemical reactions.
Many factors play into an IPO's success or lack thereof.
Many factors play into that decision.
Many factors play into the equation.
Many factors play into the problems of teen-agers.
Many factors play into the sale of puppies and why a breeder has kept one or more for a longer time.
Many factors play their part.
Many factors point to the next stock market boom developing in Europe.
Many factors precipitate changes to education governance.
Many factors prevent countries and regions from achieving the objectives of education for all.
Many factors probably determine which is the case.
Many factors produced by other cells can regulate the chemotaxis and other functions of monocytes.
Many factors protect against the risk of ovarian cancer.
Many factors provide incentive for adopting an overset grid approach.
Many factors push students to shorter programs.
Many factors reduce body levels of potassium.
Many factors seem to contribute to recurrent problems and several treatments show promise.
Many factors seem to contribute to recurrent problems, and several treatments show promise.
Many factors seem to trigger yeast infections.
Many factors shape our view of the extragalactic universe.
Many factors shape the way fatherhood is perceived and fathers behave.
Many factors significantly increase an engine's octane requirement.
Many factors suggest that now is a most opportune time for the process to be initiated.
Many factors trigger an attack such as missing or delaying meals.
Many factors underlie the persistence of very high human fertility rates.
Many factors weigh into the selection process.
Many factors work to make the spectator perceive a series of movements as a phrase.
Many factors work together to make a successful micro hydro site.
More factors come into play than just the number of members when building a new branch.
Most factors account for body size.
Most factors account for size.
Most factors affect actual results.
Most factors affect ages.
Most factors affect animals.
Most factors affect atmospheres.
Most factors affect behavior.
Most factors affect behaviour.
Most factors affect biodiversity.
Most factors affect blood pressure.
Most factors affect business.
Most factors affect calcium uptake.
Most factors affect capability.
Most factors affect capacity.
Most factors affect centripetal forces.
Most factors affect characteristics.
Most factors affect climates.
Most factors affect communities.
Most factors affect compositions.
Most factors affect connective tissue.
Most factors affect contamination.
Most factors affect continue existence.
Most factors affect crops.
Most factors affect decisions.
Most factors affect density.
Most factors affect diet compositions.
Most factors affect distribution.
Most factors affect diversity.
Most factors affect environments.
Most factors affect existence.
Most factors affect feed behavior.
Most factors affect feed behaviour.
Most factors affect forces.
Most factors affect future behavior.
Most factors affect graze behaviour.
Most factors affect habitats.
Most factors affect hedgehogs.
Most factors affect importance.
Most factors affect individuals.
Most factors affect lifespans.
Most factors affect lifestyle.
Most factors affect likelihood.
Most factors affect local environments.
Most factors affect mammals.
Most factors affect markets.
Most factors affect matter.
Most factors affect moisture.
Most factors affect mothers.
Most factors affect motion.
Most factors affect movement.
Most factors affect nurse mothers.
Most factors affect offspring.
Most factors affect outcomes.
Most factors affect phytoplankton communities.
Most factors affect plant communities.
Most factors affect pressure.
Most factors affect projectile motion.
Most factors affect qualitative compositions.
Most factors affect quality.
Most factors affect ranges.
Most factors affect regions.
Most factors affect resistance.
Most factors affect responses.
Most factors affect results.
Most factors affect shapes.
Most factors affect shear strength.
Most factors affect slave status.
Most factors affect soil moisture.
Most factors affect status.
Most factors affect strength.
Most factors affect succession.
Most factors affect tissue.
Most factors affect types.
Most factors affect uptake.
Most factors affect variation.
Most factors affect voltage.
Most factors affect water quality.
Most factors affect weight.
Most factors affect women.
Most factors alter effects.
Most factors alter growth.
Most factors alter nail growth.
Most factors alter normal growth.
Most factors alter normal nail growth.
Most factors are flexible with good clients.
Most factors are more common in Douglas County than elsewhere in Oregon.
Most factors associate with consumption.
Most factors associate with hookworm infection.
Most factors associate with infection.
Most factors associate with outcomes.
Most factors associate with vegetable consumption.
Most factors associated with fishing are beyond our control.
Most factors can have drastic effects.
Most factors can have effects.
Most factors can have impact.
Most factors can have positive effects.
Most factors can have significant effects.
Most factors cause apparent differences.
Most factors cause contamination.
Most factors cause deterioration.
Most factors cause differences.
Most factors cause disasters.
Most factors cause effects.
Most factors cause exponential growth.
Most factors cause fluctuations.
Most factors cause growth.
Most factors cause harmful effects.
Most factors cause incidents.
Most factors cause internal pressure.
Most factors cause pressure.
Most factors cause uncertainty.
Most factors cause variation.
Most factors change environments.
Most factors change over time.
Most factors change over years.
Most factors contribute to abundances.
Most factors contribute to amounts.
Most factors contribute to behaviour.
Most factors contribute to brains.
Most factors contribute to burdens.
Most factors contribute to death.
Most factors contribute to development.
Most factors contribute to differences.
Most factors contribute to disappearances.
Most factors contribute to distribution.
Most factors contribute to events.
Most factors contribute to expansion.
Most factors contribute to explosions.
Most factors contribute to fitnesses.
Most factors contribute to healthy development.
Most factors contribute to life history patterns.
Most factors contribute to magnification.
Most factors contribute to occurrences.
Most factors contribute to patterns.
Most factors contribute to potential.
Most factors contribute to quality.
Most factors contribute to same patterns.
Most factors contribute to specialization.
Most factors contribute to speciation.
Most factors contribute to termite abundances.
Most factors contribute to use.
Most factors control abundance distribution.
Most factors control antler growth.
Most factors control phytoplankton growth.
Most factors control plant growth.
Most factors control population growth.
Most factors create avalanche conditions.
Most factors create conditions.
Most factors create conflict.
Most factors create extreme avalanche conditions.
Most factors create extreme conditions.
Most factors decrease productivity.
Most factors depend on behaviour.
Most factors determine actions.
Most factors determine ages.
Most factors determine behavior.
Most factors determine biological diversity.
Most factors determine complexity.
Most factors determine depth.
Most factors determine distribution.
Most factors determine diversity.
Most factors determine equilibrium.
Most factors determine functional outcomes.
Most factors determine habitat use distribution.
Most factors determine health.
Most factors determine male reproductive success.
Most factors determine nutrient requirements.
Most factors determine outcomes.
Most factors determine potential.
Most factors determine presence.
Most factors determine productivity.
Most factors determine quality.
Most factors determine reproductive success.
Most factors determine requirements.
Most factors determine responses.
Most factors determine strategies.
Most factors determine success.
Most factors determine values.
Most factors drive impact.
Most factors enhance functions.
Most factors explain observations.
Most factors govern development.
Most factors govern growth.
Most factors govern population growth.
Most factors have air resistance.
Most factors have characteristics.
Most factors have components.
Most factors have consequences.
Most factors have effects.
Most factors have genotypic components.
Most factors have growth.
Most factors have interactive effects.
Most factors have levels.
Most factors have minimal effects.
Most factors have negative consequences.
Most factors have opposite effects.
Most factors have positive effects.
Most factors have resistance.
Most factors have significant consequences.
Most factors have significant negative consequences.
Most factors help development.
Most factors impact breathe techniques.
Most factors impact nutrient requirements.
Most factors impact proper breathe techniques.
Most factors impact proper techniques.
Most factors impact success.
Most factors increase cost.
Most factors increase development.
Most factors increase effects.
Most factors increase likelihood.
Most factors increase occurrences.
Most factors increase resistance.
Most factors increase variability.
Most factors influence adult sexual behavior.
Most factors influence adult survival.
Most factors influence battery life.
Most factors influence blood lipid levels.
Most factors influence blood pressure responses.
Most factors influence diatom distribution.
Most factors influence early growth.
Most factors influence fish survival.
Most factors influence food choices.
Most factors influence forest biodiversity.
Most factors influence global temperature.
Most factors influence hatch success.
Most factors influence health outcomes.
Most factors influence human health.
Most factors influence humans.
Most factors influence immune responses.
Most factors influence juvenile fish survival.
Most factors influence juvenile survival.
Most factors influence mountain permafrost distribution.
Most factors influence nest success.
Most factors influence nest survival.
Most factors influence participation.
Most factors influence perceptions.
Most factors influence physical activities.
Most factors influence phytoplankton growth.
Most factors influence population growth.
Most factors influence reproductive output.
Most factors influence sale growth.
Most factors influence sexual behavior.
Most factors influence success.
Most factors influence winter mortality.
Most factors interfere with functions.
Most factors interfere with normal functions.
Most factors involve attention.
Most factors lead to development.
Most factors lead to diversity.
Most factors lead to explanations.
Most factors lead to genetic diversity.
Most factors lead to revolution.
Most factors lead to symptoms.
Most factors lead to typical symptoms.
Most factors lead women.
Most factors limit crop productivity.
Most factors limit numbers.
Most factors limit plant productivity.
Most factors limit productivity.
Most factors make big differences.
Most factors make differences.
Most factors make effects.
Most factors make growth.
Most factors make huge differences.
Most factors make pressure.
Most factors make success.
Most factors make values.
Most factors prevent regeneration.
Most factors produce negative results.
Most factors produce results.
Most factors promote cell growth.
Most factors promote development.
Most factors promote differentiations.
Most factors promote growth.
Most factors promote headaches.
Most factors provide habitats.
Most factors provide suitable habitats.
Most factors reduce feed intake.
Most factors reduce intake.
Most factors reduce productivity.
Most factors regulate cell growth.
Most factors regulate earth sun energy.
Most factors regulate energy.
Most factors regulate growth.
Most factors regulate outcomes.
Most factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Most factors regulate population growth.
Most factors regulate success.
Most factors relate to abundances.
Most factors relate to climates.
Most factors relate to physiology.
Most factors relate to plant physiology.
Most factors relate to population size.
Most factors relate to size.
Most factors relate to small population size.
Most factors relate to small size.
Most factors relate to success.
Most factors represent factors.
Most factors require analyses.
Most factors require consideration.
Most factors require further investigations.
Most factors require input.
Most factors require investigations.
Most factors result in imbalances.
Most factors result in mortality.
Most factors result in tree mortality.
Most factors stimulate bone growth.
Most factors stimulate cell growth.
Most factors stimulate growth.
Most factors threaten survival.
Some factor appears to be actively driving church goers away from organized religion.
Some factor distinguishes the case, making it useful for drawing broader generalizations.
Some factors affect ability.
Some factors affect absorption.
Some factors affect abundances.
Some factors affect acceleration.
Some factors affect accumulation.
Some factors affect acid.
Some factors affect actions.
Some factors affect amino acid.
Some factors affect amphibians.
Some factors affect animal health.
Some factors affect antler deer.
Some factors affect appearances.
Some factors affect atmospheric transmissions.
Some factors affect availability.
Some factors affect axes.
Some factors affect bacterial growth.
Some factors affect bats.
Some factors affect battery life.
Some factors affect battery service life.
Some factors affect blood sugar levels.
Some factors affect bobcats.
Some factors affect bone health.
Some factors affect breeds.
Some factors affect burdens.
Some factors affect calcium absorption.
Some factors affect camels.
Some factors affect capital cost.
Some factors affect cardiac output.
Some factors affect cholesterol absorption.
Some factors affect choughs.
Some factors affect collisions.
Some factors affect colonization.
Some factors affect color.
Some factors affect companies.
Some factors affect conduction.
Some factors affect conservation management.
Some factors affect conservation.
Some factors affect corrosion.
Some factors affect cost.
Some factors affect cuckoos.
Some factors affect deep sea life.
Some factors affect deer population trends.
Some factors affect deer.
Some factors affect deforestation.
Some factors affect deliveries.
Some factors affect depressions.
Some factors affect determination.
Some factors affect development.
Some factors affect diet success.
Some factors affect differences.
Some factors affect dispersals.
Some factors affect dispersion.
Some factors affect dormancy.
Some factors affect drug metabolism.
Some factors affect dry friction.
Some factors affect ducks.
Some factors affect duckweed growth.
Some factors affect eagles.
Some factors affect earthquakes.
Some factors affect earthworm breeds.
Some factors affect ecology evolution.
Some factors affect ecology.
Some factors affect ecosystem services.
Some factors affect effects.
Some factors affect egg production.
Some factors affect embryo development.
Some factors affect energy levels.
Some factors affect energy.
Some factors affect erosion.
Some factors affect establishments.
Some factors affect events.
Some factors affect evolution.
Some factors affect excretion.
Some factors affect exhaustion.
Some factors affect extent.
Some factors affect fashion.
Some factors affect fermentation reaction.
Some factors affect fields.
Some factors affect fishers.
Some factors affect freeze point depressions.
Some factors affect friction.
Some factors affect fund performance.
Some factors affect future resource requirements.
Some factors affect games.
Some factors affect germination.
Some factors affect grass growth.
Some factors affect gravitational energy.
Some factors affect gravitational potential energy.
Some factors affect growth.
Some factors affect guanacos.
Some factors affect habitat selections.
Some factors affect hair color.
Some factors affect hair growth.
Some factors affect harvest levels.
Some factors affect hatch success.
Some factors affect health problems.
Some factors affect health.
Some factors affect height.
Some factors affect honey bee health.
Some factors affect human health.
Some factors affect hydras.
Some factors affect hypertension.
Some factors affect industries.
Some factors affect infection.
Some factors affect interaction.
Some factors affect juniper.
Some factors affect kestrels.
Some factors affect kinetic energy.
Some factors affect levels.
Some factors affect life.
Some factors affect livestock production.
Some factors affect load.
Some factors affect locations.
Some factors affect magnification.
Some factors affect maintenance energy requirements.
Some factors affect management.
Some factors affect mandarin ducks.
Some factors affect mangrove productivity.
Some factors affect marmosets.
Some factors affect mate success.
Some factors affect measurements.
Some factors affect metabolism.
Some factors affect microbial growth.
Some factors affect milk production.
Some factors affect mite reproduction.
Some factors affect moose.
Some factors affect mortality.
Some factors affect mosquitoes.
Some factors affect nest success.
Some factors affect numbers.
Some factors affect nutrient requirements.
Some factors affect occurrences.
Some factors affect output.
Some factors affect p excretion.
Some factors affect pacas.
Some factors affect pack size.
Some factors affect passage.
Some factors affect peccaries.
Some factors affect performance.
Some factors affect personal taste.
Some factors affect personality development.
Some factors affect pest abundances.
Some factors affect photosynthesis.
Some factors affect physical health.
Some factors affect pipes.
Some factors affect plant growth.
Some factors affect plants.
Some factors affect pollination.
Some factors affect population growth.
Some factors affect population size.
Some factors affect porpoises.
Some factors affect potential energy.
Some factors affect predictions.
Some factors affect pregnancy.
Some factors affect problems.
Some factors affect production.
Some factors affect productivity.
Some factors affect products.
Some factors affect properties.
Some factors affect protein excretion.
Some factors affect radiation.
Some factors affect reaction.
Some factors affect reproduction.
Some factors affect reproductive output.
Some factors affect reproductive success.
Some factors affect requirements.
Some factors affect resource requirements.
Some factors affect resources.
Some factors affect respiration.
Some factors affect root colonization.
Some factors affect runoff.
Some factors affect sea life.
Some factors affect selections.
Some factors affect sensation.
Some factors affect sensitivity levels.
Some factors affect services.
Some factors affect severity.
Some factors affect sex determination.
Some factors affect sex.
Some factors affect sheep.
Some factors affect size.
Some factors affect slide friction.
Some factors affect social structures.
Some factors affect sources.
Some factors affect stability.
Some factors affect stature.
Some factors affect storms.
Some factors affect structures.
Some factors affect success.
Some factors affect synthesis.
Some factors affect tadpoles.
Some factors affect taste.
Some factors affect thermal sensation.
Some factors affect tigers.
Some factors affect time.
Some factors affect tolerance.
Some factors affect tourism development.
Some factors affect transmissions.
Some factors affect transpiration.
Some factors affect trends.
Some factors affect tumor development.
Some factors affect turbidity levels.
Some factors affect urinary excretion.
Some factors affect urinary protein excretion.
Some factors affect use.
Some factors affect values.
Some factors affect ways.
Some factors affect winter.
Some factors affect zooplankton.
Some factors affecting course popularity are beyond the instructor's control.
Some factors allow conditions.
Some factors allow harsh conditions.
Some factors alter arsenic excretion.
Some factors alter calcium metabolism.
Some factors alter excretion.
Some factors alter filtration pressure.
Some factors alter height.
Some factors alter metabolism.
Some factors alter pressure.
Some factors alter shape structures.
Some factors alter structures.
Some factors alter urinary arsenic excretion.
Some factors alter urinary excretion.
Some factors appear more important than others.
Some factors apply to patients.
Some factors are beyond the control of our recruitment efforts.
Some factors are beyond the control of the city.
Some factors are caused by yeast.
Some factors are easier to name than others.
Some factors are easily adaptable to other industries.
Some factors are in our favour.
Some factors are less obvious.
Some factors are place-based while others have more to do with connections among places.
Some factors are race, gender, heredity, social and cultural environment and gender identification.
Some factors are random, while others are controllable.
Some factors are strictly work-related and beyond the workers' control.
Some factors are subjective.
Some factors are sublimated and incorporated into operational styles.
Some factors associate with accidents.
Some factors associate with atherosclerosis.
Some factors associate with autism.
Some factors associate with cancer.
Some factors associate with cardiovascular diseases.
Some factors associate with cardiovascular problems.
Some factors associate with cell growth.
Some factors associate with certain diseases.
Some factors associate with coronary diseases.
Some factors associate with coronary heart diseases.
Some factors associate with dental diseases.
Some factors associate with development.
Some factors associate with diabetes.
Some factors associate with diseases.
Some factors associate with dormancy.
Some factors associate with drought.
Some factors associate with early atherosclerosis.
Some factors associate with good nutrition.
Some factors associate with growth.
Some factors associate with heart diseases.
Some factors associate with infertility.
Some factors associate with menstruation.
Some factors associate with metabolic syndromes.
Some factors associate with nutrition.
Some factors associate with oral cancer.
Some factors associate with performance.
Some factors associate with plant growth.
Some factors associate with problems.
Some factors associate with renal stone development.
Some factors associate with syndromes.
Some factors associate with transmissions.
Some factors bring energy.
Some factors bring performance.
Some factors can affect results.
Some factors can cause stress-related physical responses.
Some factors cause accumulation.
Some factors cause activations.
Some factors cause brightness.
Some factors cause cessations.
Some factors cause confusion.
Some factors cause death.
Some factors cause disability.
Some factors cause diseases.
Some factors cause disturbances.
Some factors cause dreams.
Some factors cause embryonic genome activations.
Some factors cause expansion.
Some factors cause extinction.
Some factors cause genome activations.
Some factors cause heart diseases.
Some factors cause heat.
Some factors cause high mortality.
Some factors cause infection.
Some factors cause it.
Some factors cause manatee death.
Some factors cause mortality.
Some factors cause mutation.
Some factors cause poverty.
Some factors cause problems.
Some factors cause rapid extinction.
Some factors cause wet dreams.
Some factors cause wildlife extinction.
Some factors change life.
Some factors change patterns.
Some factors change positions.
Some factors contribute to ability.
Some factors contribute to alga problems.
Some factors contribute to appearances.
Some factors contribute to autism.
Some factors contribute to biology.
Some factors contribute to breakdowns.
Some factors contribute to characteristics.
Some factors contribute to contamination.
Some factors contribute to conversions.
Some factors contribute to destruction.
Some factors contribute to diagnoses.
Some factors contribute to dry eyes.
Some factors contribute to ecology.
Some factors contribute to education.
Some factors contribute to elevation.
Some factors contribute to epidemic obesity.
Some factors contribute to establishments.
Some factors contribute to evolution.
Some factors contribute to excess.
Some factors contribute to extinction.
Some factors contribute to eyes.
Some factors contribute to flavor.
Some factors contribute to forces.
Some factors contribute to friendships.
Some factors contribute to growth.
Some factors contribute to health problems.
Some factors contribute to high mortality.
Some factors contribute to inability.
Some factors contribute to incidents.
Some factors contribute to infection.
Some factors contribute to infertility.
Some factors contribute to injuries.
Some factors contribute to intermolecular forces.
Some factors contribute to jobs.
Some factors contribute to landslide.
Some factors contribute to larval establishments.
Some factors contribute to levels.
Some factors contribute to life.
Some factors contribute to long life.
Some factors contribute to maintenance.
Some factors contribute to market growth.
Some factors contribute to mate success.
Some factors contribute to mortality.
Some factors contribute to natural reproduction.
Some factors contribute to natural trout reproduction.
Some factors contribute to nuisance wildlife situations.
Some factors contribute to numbers.
Some factors contribute to obesity.
Some factors contribute to osteoporosises.
Some factors contribute to output growth.
Some factors contribute to output.
Some factors contribute to population growth.
Some factors contribute to pregnancy.
Some factors contribute to problems.
Some factors contribute to productivity.
Some factors contribute to reaction.
Some factors contribute to real growth.
Some factors contribute to reductions.
Some factors contribute to reproduction.
Some factors contribute to resistance.
Some factors contribute to results.
Some factors contribute to shapes.
Some factors contribute to shortages.
Some factors contribute to situations.
Some factors contribute to status.
Some factors contribute to success.
Some factors contribute to tornado.
Some factors contribute to trout reproduction.
Some factors contribute to unemployment.
Some factors contribute to variability.
Some factors control abundances.
Some factors control characteristics.
Some factors control clam abundances.
Some factors control color.
Some factors control density.
Some factors control different characteristics.
Some factors control germination.
Some factors control hair color.
Some factors control panthers.
Some factors control photosynthesis.
Some factors control population density.
Some factors control predators.
Some factors control respiration.
Some factors control success.
Some factors control variation.
Some factors control weed emergence.
Some factors count more than others.
Some factors create lake effect snow.
Some factors create snow.
Some factors create success.
Some factors create values.
Some factors decrease coronary pressure.
Some factors decrease nutrient excretion.
Some factors decrease potassium excretion.
Some factors decrease pressure.
Some factors decrease the likelihood.
Some factors depend on ability.
Some factors depend on population size.
Some factors depend on size.
Some factors determine ability.
Some factors determine abundances.
Some factors determine areas.
Some factors determine biodiversity.
Some factors determine body burdens.
Some factors determine buoyancy.
Some factors determine burdens.
Some factors determine chances.
Some factors determine climates.
Some factors determine colonization.
Some factors determine degrees.
Some factors determine effects.
Some factors determine electricity.
Some factors determine elimination.
Some factors determine evolution.
Some factors determine expression.
Some factors determine extent.
Some factors determine growth.
Some factors determine height.
Some factors determine larval survival.
Some factors determine levels.
Some factors determine management.
Some factors determine movement.
Some factors determine numbers.
Some factors determine nutrient levels.
Some factors determine pathogen survival.
Some factors determine patterns.
Some factors determine phenomena.
Some factors determine population growth.
Some factors determine pressure.
Some factors determine relative abundances.
Some factors determine resistance.
Some factors determine roles.
Some factors determine severity.
Some factors determine strength.
Some factors determine suitabilities.
Some factors determine survival.
Some factors determine thunderstorms.
Some factors determine types.
Some factors determine wetland areas.
Some factors determinig the evaluation of forces in orthodontics.
Some factors distinguish chronic trauma from ordinary wear and tear.
Some factors do distinguish the two though.
Some factors drive adverse effects.
Some factors drive adverse health effects.
Some factors drive colonization events.
Some factors drive effects.
Some factors drive emergence.
Some factors drive events.
Some factors drive health effects.
Some factors drive variation.
Some factors enhance absorption.
Some factors ensure survival.
Some factors favor younger patients while compliance and motivation are more favorable with adults.
Some factors govern effects.
Some factors govern erosion.
Some factors govern soil erosion.
Some factors have a greater effect on climate, while others affect weather more.
Some factors have biodiversity.
Some factors have doubt.
Some factors have functions.
Some factors have greater relevance for an entire ecosystem.
Some factors have have impact.
Some factors have management.
Some factors have perceptions.
Some factors have to be activated and the active form is given a suffix a.
Some factors have to be taken in consideration to use forams for dating.
Some factors help business.
Some factors help medical researchers.
Some factors help researchers.
Some factors identify the pregnant woman with a nutrition risk.
Some factors impact additional parameters.
Some factors impact business.
Some factors impact demographic parameters.
Some factors impact parameters.
Some factors impact participation.
Some factors impact production.
Some factors improve immunity.
Some factors increase blood pressure.
Some factors increase chances.
Some factors increase charge.
Some factors increase consumption.
Some factors increase erosion.
Some factors increase extinction.
Some factors increase impact.
Some factors increase oxygen consumption.
Some factors increase pressure.
Some factors increase protein synthesis.
Some factors increase reproductive success.
Some factors increase runoff.
Some factors increase soil erosion.
Some factors increase success.
Some factors increase synthesis.
Some factors increase the risk.
Some factors influence behavioral ecology.
Some factors influence characteristics.
Some factors influence distribution patterns.
Some factors influence evolution.
Some factors influence fat accumulation.
Some factors influence future performance.
Some factors influence gene expression.
Some factors influence heat tolerance.
Some factors influence individuals.
Some factors influence intensity.
Some factors influence livestock migration.
Some factors influence mechanical load.
Some factors influence mechanical properties.
Some factors influence monkeys.
Some factors influence osteoblast replication.
Some factors influence parasite load.
Some factors influence people.
Some factors influence photosynthetic productivity.
Some factors influence population abundances.
Some factors influence population density.
Some factors influence population ecology.
Some factors influence predators.
Some factors influence productivity.
Some factors influence protest committees.
Some factors influence replication.
Some factors influence resistance.
Some factors influence seabird colonies.
Some factors influence tolerance.
Some factors influence weather patterns.
Some factors influence wolves.
Some factors influence zooplankton structures.
Some factors influencing salary are skills, experience, and the type of industry.
Some factors interfere with gross primary productivity.
Some factors interfere with primary productivity.
Some factors interfere with productivity.
Some factors interfere with the absorption of iron.
Some factors involve accidents.
Some factors involve cessations.
Some factors involve higher costs than others.
Some factors involve in chemical reaction.
Some factors involve in decay.
Some factors involve in demographic transitions.
Some factors involve in determination.
Some factors involve in development.
Some factors involve in fat metabolism.
Some factors involve in inductions.
Some factors involve in management.
Some factors involve in maturation.
Some factors involve in metabolism.
Some factors involve in production.
Some factors involve in reaction.
Some factors involve in resistance.
Some factors involve in responses.
Some factors involve in sex determination.
Some factors involve in shift production.
Some factors involve in syrup production.
Some factors involve in transitions.
Some factors involve in weight management.
Some factors involve phenomena.
Some factors kill animals.
Some factors kill squirrels.
Some factors known to aggravate the condition are stress, hot foods and alcohol consumption.
Some factors lead students.
Some factors lead to bias.
Some factors lead to blockage.
Some factors lead to breed success.
Some factors lead to crime.
Some factors lead to death.
Some factors lead to deficiencies.
Some factors lead to deforestation.
Some factors lead to degradations.
Some factors lead to disappearances.
Some factors lead to eclipse.
Some factors lead to elimination.
Some factors lead to emergence.
Some factors lead to erosion.
Some factors lead to events.
Some factors lead to incidents.
Some factors lead to intake.
Some factors lead to life.
Some factors lead to lower breed success.
Some factors lead to outbreaks.
Some factors lead to productive life.
Some factors lead to reductions.
Some factors lead to soil erosion.
Some factors lead to solar eclipse.
Some factors lead to states.
Some factors lead to substitution.
Some factors lead to success.
Some factors limit ability.
Some factors limit abundances.
Some factors limit algal growth.
Some factors limit crop production.
Some factors limit diatom growth.
Some factors limit growth.
Some factors limit human growth.
Some factors limit human population growth.
Some factors limit insect reproduction.
Some factors limit litter size.
Some factors limit otter abundances.
Some factors limit performance.
Some factors limit photosynthesis.
Some factors limit plants.
Some factors limit population growth.
Some factors limit population size.
Some factors limit primary production.
Some factors limit production.
Some factors limit reproduction.
Some factors limit size.
Some factors limit success.
Some factors listed here represent an initial expense but a long-term savings.
Some factors make biodiversity.
Some factors make disasters.
Some factors make management.
Some factors make people more likely to get osteoporosis.
Some factors make themselves felt even before the substance of a negotiation has been broached.
Some factors move more readily and at less cost than others.
Some factors offer explanations.
Some factors pose increased risk at different points during development.
Some factors prevent growth.
Some factors prevent pathogen growth.
Some factors produce early growth.
Some factors produce growth.
Some factors produce quality.
Some factors produce steady growth.
Some factors produce urbanization.
Some factors promote distribution.
Some factors promote expansion.
Some factors promote extensive expansion.
Some factors promote germination.
Some factors promote maintenance.
Some factors promote radiation.
Some factors promote range expansion.
Some factors provide contexts.
Some factors provide energy.
Some factors provide instruction.
Some factors receive attention.
Some factors reduce impact.
Some factors reduce life.
Some factors reduce melatonin production.
Some factors reduce performance.
Some factors reduce production.
Some factors reduce secretion.
Some factors reduce tubule secretion.
Some factors regulate blood pressure.
Some factors regulate calcium excretion.
Some factors regulate development.
Some factors regulate emergence.
Some factors regulate excretion.
Some factors regulate female meiosis.
Some factors regulate fluctuations.
Some factors regulate meiosis.
Some factors regulate metabolic responses.
Some factors regulate metabolism.
Some factors regulate migration.
Some factors regulate pressure.
Some factors regulate production.
Some factors regulate renal calcium excretion.
Some factors regulate renal excretion.
Some factors regulate renal metabolism.
Some factors regulate responses.
Some factors regulate such fluctuations.
Some factors relate to ages.
Some factors relate to biology.
Some factors relate to continuity.
Some factors relate to death.
Some factors relate to development.
Some factors relate to distribution.
Some factors relate to education.
Some factors relate to effects.
Some factors relate to growth.
Some factors relate to health.
Some factors relate to insulin resistance.
Some factors relate to outbreaks.
Some factors relate to population biology.
Some factors relate to resistance.
Some factors represent deforestation.
Some factors require financial statements, tax returns and other financial information.
Some factors result in birth defects.
Some factors result in crops.
Some factors result in death.
Some factors result in defects.
Some factors result in deletions.
Some factors result in difficulty.
Some factors result in fragmentation.
Some factors result in improvement.
Some factors result in such defects.
Some factors stimulate anterior pituitaries.
Some factors stimulate pituitaries.
Some factors stimulate synthesis.
Some factors support growth.
Some factors threaten chimpanzees.
Some factors threaten dogs.
Some factors threaten dolphins.
Some factors threaten existence.
Some factors threaten health.
Some factors threaten honey bee health.
Some factors threaten leatherbacks.
Some factors threaten turtles.
Some factors threaten wild dogs.
Some factors trigger seasonal reproduction.
Factorial design is well understood and frequently used.
Factorial design means that all possible combinations of the variable values are taken.
Factorial designs allow both independent variables and the interaction to be tested simultaneously.
Factorial designs allow two or more therapies to be evaluated simultaneously in one trial.
Factorial designs have two or more independent variables.
Factorial experiments are more sensitive in the detection of small effects.
Factorial experiments run in complete blocks.
Factorial models have more than one factor.
Factorial notation is a shorthand way for writing long products of numbers.
A factorial is a product
Factorials are basically a way of taking the total product of all the numbers smaller than it.
Factorials are examples of recursive functions .
Factorials are products.
Factorials get large, fairly fast.
Factorials grow fast as n increases.
Factorials Let n be a positive integer.
Factoring allows a business access to cash simply by selling their invoices.
Factoring can be an expensive source of financing.
Factoring can be beneficial to any company with a cash flow problem, regardless of the industry.
Factoring can ease the growing pains, stabilize working capital, and increase the bottom line .
Factoring can provide immediate cash flow to a growing business at an affordable cost.
Factoring eliminates the time, expense and risk of collecting receivables.
Factoring helps build credit.
Factoring involves ordering a second time with the credit card number.
Factoring is a big business.
Factoring is a good idea if a small company has a large enough profit markup.
Factoring is a relatively expensive means of obtaining financing.
Factoring is a skill that technology has made almost obsolete.
Factoring is a system intensive business.
Factoring is a time-honored form of financing.
Factoring is a trade or business.
Factoring is a very important part of the following chapters and in future math courses.
Factoring is a vital strategy for simplifying ratios as well.
Factoring is also available to companies that have only a few thousand dollars each month.
Factoring is also beneficial to a business which has seasonal fluctuations.
Factoring is an ancient financial tool that has been made unnecessarily complicated.
Factoring is another popular type of receivables financing.
Factoring is beneficial to small, medium and large companies including start-up businesses.
Factoring is broken into two chapters, one on classical method and one on modern methods.
Factoring is defined as the purchasing of a company's accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis.
Factoring is easy and fast.
Factoring is like taking a number apart.
Factoring is next.
Factoring is recognized as the fastest form of financing available today.
Factoring is similar to asset-based lending.
Factoring is the discounted purchase of commercial accounts receivable.
Factoring is the discounted sale of accounts receivable.
Factoring is the discounted sale of commercial accounts receivable.
Factoring is the only source of financing that grows with sales.
Factoring is the sale of a commercial invoice at a discount, also known as accounts receivable.
Factoring is used by firms who are unable to obtain bank financing.
Factoring is very complicated.
Factoring is very popular among small businesses.
Factoring is very time consuming.
Factoring makes cash immediately available to keep cash flow steady.
Factoring makes working capital available to companies that have no other source of financing.
Factoring provides more cash than traditional bank lines of credit.
Factoring reaches new heights.
Factoring reduces a system to the direct product of independent parts.
Factoring frequently pays for itself.
Most factoring is done on a recourse basis.
A factorization is resolution
Factorization is done.
Factorization results How to calculate The coefficients of Elliptic modular function.
Factory air blows ice cold.
Factory automation translates itself beyond semiconductor equipment.
Factory classes are a common software engineering tool.
A factory farm is business
Factory farms are a clear testament to the ubiquitous practice of emphasizing profits over lives.
Factory farms are a crummy blemish upon our beautiful land.
Factory farms are a growing blight on the nation's landscape.
Factory farms are a moral flaw, a sinful strike against our modern society.
Factory farms are a total disgrace.
Factory farms are an insult to the dignity of living things.
Factory farms are machines.
Factory farms consume enormous quantities of fossil fuels, water, land, and other resources.
Factory farms contain thousands of tightly packed pigs.
Factory farms damage the environment as well as the animals they hold captive for profit.
Factory farms displace family farms, destroy the environment, and drain rural economies.
Factory Farms disrupt the local rural economy.
Factory farms raise animals.
Factory farms spring up in rural areas, offering jobs and a boost to the local economy.
Factory farms use farm animals as the machines to produce a toxic industry.
Many factory farms use groundwater for cleaning, cooling and providing drinking water.
Most factory farms raise animals.
Factory farming causes more river pollution than all industrial sources.
Factory farming creates new diseases and health problems for the chicken.
Factory farming involves industrial-type methods that yield large amounts of food.
Factory farming is a a terrible, terrible thing.
Factory farming is a major industry.
Factory farming raises a variety of business and economic issues .
Factory floor is situated downstairs, offices, showroom and studios upstairs.
Factory method is just a fancy name for a method that instantiates objects.
Factory method lets a class defer instantiation to subclasses.
Factory methods can be static or dynamic, just like any method call.
Factory methods create and return new instances of objects.
Factory methods hide the implementation of the object that they create.
Factory orders are down and the brakes have slammed on new-car sales.
Factory orders are down.
Factory orders are flat.
Factory orders can be price protected and guaranteed rebates in some cases.
Factory orders consist of the earlier announced durable goods report plus non-durable goods orders.
Factory owners are to contribute half the cost.
Factory owners are usually at hand for direct contact.
Factory owners call in the militia to protect their property.
Factory owners demand more and more housing for their employees.
Factory owners purchase labor and capital from their owners and sell their product to consumers.
Factory points are dual.
Factory seconds are available.
Factory shops attract bargain hunters.
Factory shops provide an outlet for producers to sell their goods directly to the public.
Factory smoke changes the atmosphere.
Factory specifications use manufacture techniques.
Factory specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Factory specifications use modern techniques.
Factory specifications use techniques.
Factory store offers half price sale of slight defective dartboards.
Most factory systems use cheap, dual cone, paper speakers.
Factory tours are also available.
Factory tours are available by appointment only.
Factory tours are available during normal business hours.
Factory tours are available upon request, but advanced reservations are required.
Factory tours are available.
Factory tours are free of charge.
Factory tours can be fun, fascinating and free.
Factory tours start at the back of the gift shop.
Factory town recycles itself in shades of green.
Factory trawlers are capable of harvesting and processing simultaneously.
Factory trawlers have lower recovery rates than shoreside processors.
A factory worker is a workman
Factory workers are capable of machine screws.
Factory workers are less efficient if they feel machinery vibrations for long periods of time.
Factory workers cottages adjoin the churchyard.
Factory workers eat lunch there.
Factory workers form choirs just as our workers often form bowling leagues.
Factory workers have safety shoes.
Factory workers make four to five times as much.
Factory workers suffer from illnesses related to bagasse dust and the handling of chemicals.
Factory workers turn the tobacco into cigars.
Factory workers undertake a series of strikes.
Factory workers wear blue collar work shirts.
Some factory workers go on strikes.
A factory is a plant
Factories also emit pollution into the skies and affect the air organisms breathe.
Factories also introduce dangerous chemicals into our environment.
Factories also pollute the world with smog and smoke every day of the workweek.
Factories also provide cash rewards for riders.
Factories also purchase the fruit on a large scale for the manufacturing of guava juice and nectar.
Factories also tend to get started earlier.
Factories are an example.
Factories are at a virtual standstill, and electricity is in short supply, even in the capital.
Factories are at work day and night.
Factories are capable of bottle water.
Factories are capable of can beans.
Factories are closed.
Factories are companies.
Factories are especially conservative in investment at the present time.
Factories are expensive, possibly too expensive in all but the least risky situations.
Factories are generally crowded and noisy.
Factories are idle .
Factories are in Italy and the United Kingdom .
Factories are in Italy and the United Kingdom.
Factories are in miserable shape, of course, but disrepair only brings the price down.
Factories are located in cities.
Factories are located in industrial areas.
Factories are located in industrial parks.
Factories are located in workers.
Factories are nearby.
Factories are plants.
Factories are too busy.
Factories are under strict orders to meet production schedules.
Factories are used for manufacturing.
Factories assign each request to one handler, which processes the request.
Factories can cause noise and air pollution.
Factories can evade inspection by locating themselves in secret locations.
Factories can produce either consumer or producer goods.
Factories cause both air and water pollution.
Factories cause more pollution than that seen from smokestack emissions.
Factories consist of encoders and destinations.
Factories continue to pump smoke out in the air.
Factories cost one less of each mineral.
Factories decide on their own whom to sell their products.
Factories dump waste and chemicals into rivers and oceans and pollute the water.
Factories employ workers.
Factories evolve as economies grow more advanced.
Factories exist there for the production of cement, glass, coloured marble and granite.
Factories fall silent, farms fall into decay, and a quarter of the nation's workforce is jobless.
Factories find work so meaningless they dream of being torn down even before they're built.
Factories generally require more frequent auditing.
Factories go up wherever labour is cheapest.
Factories grind to a standstill.
Factories have (part) assembly lines.
Factories have (part) bases.
Factories have (part) conveyer belts.
Factories have (part) conveyor belts.
Factories have (part) infrastructures.
Factories have (part) locker rooms.
Factories have (part) production lines.
Factories have (part) sections.
Factories have (part) shop floors.
Factories have products.
Factories have special equipment to husk and shell macadamias.
Factories have to be built, and food grown, somewhere.
Factories have to be cut off below the knee to save the leg.
Factories have workers.
Factories help workers get into lifeboats and then nobly go down with the ship.
Factories immolate themselves on the work-ethic's funeral pyre.
Factories lack electricity, and exhausted workers man lathes driven by bicycle wheels.
Factories lie dormant, without electricity or fuel to power production.
Factories make goods to send to stores to be sold.
Factories make machinery, automobiles, airplanes, and motion-picture equipment.
Factories make perfect circles.
Factories make products.
Factories manufacture cotton textiles, hosiery, chemicals, furniture, and metal products.
Factories mean tens of thousands of workingmen and their families.
Factories normally show down in the summer.
Factories now advertise for machinists to work at home.
Factories now advertise for machinists to work from home.
Factories now make tools faster, and for less money than blacksmiths.
Factories now turn out a wide range of products, including tractors and television sets.
Factories occupy districts west of downtown Honolulu.
Factories perform follow functions.
Factories perform functions.
Factories produce cars, machinery, clothing, and food products.
Factories produce cement, fertilizer, food products, shoes, and textiles.
Factories produce clothing, wood products, chemicals, and transportation equipment.
Factories produce gases.
Factories produce industrial gases.
Factories produce proteins, vital units of chemical commerce.
Factories produce textiles, metal products, chemicals, machinery, glassware, and leather goods.
Factories produce tires, textiles, and leather goods.
Factories provide no health care and prescription medication is unaffordable.
Factories provide warmth.
Factories pull out their life-support system on their own and are discovered dead by the nurse.
Factories radiate heat.
Factories recruit all kinds of fish to test the effects of waste in water.
Factories release less pollution into the sky and spill fewer chemicals into lakes and rivers.
Factories serenely cease to be after drinking cups of hemlock surrounded by philosophers.
Factories simply have to change their coal or oil combustions to natural gas combustion.
Factories simply produce objects, usually of a single specific type but with a generic interface.
Factories spew realistic flames and smoke that pour out the wastelands.
Factories stand in special areas, and around the city itself are rows of garden apartments.
Factories swop their goods with other factories.
Factories trust the robots more than they do the humans to transport certain materials.
Factories turn out fake products.
Factories use a lot of energy to make packaging.
Factories use cleaner energy sources and new paints, solvents and other materials that pollute less.
Factories use energy to make food, furniture, clothes, and toys.
Factories use energy.
Factories use huge amounts of water in their industrial processes.
Factories use inefficient production methods.
Factories use land and resources, Burning fossil fuels produces pollution.
Factories use more water than any other material.
Factories use static electricity to reduce pollution coming from their smokestacks.
Factories violate local laws for payment of overtime.
Factories wander away in a blizzard because they've become a burden on the tribe.
Factory also has a full time nurse available and a female doctor three times per week.
Factory authorized service is provided at all four locations.
Factory built combination packages are also available.
Factory built walls have several advantages over site built construction.
Factory bullies gore other workers.
Factory can provide other widths.
Factory coated steel with cathodic protection can also provide adequate corrosion protection.
Factory display key presses for many functions.
Factory equipped package includes stereo, humor, depth, imagination and intelligence.
Factory farmed animals are vulnerable to less obvious hazards also.
Factory fold down rear seat.
Factory grows in the garden.
Factory hinge pin hole tolerances vary tremendously.
Factory is an ideas-led consultancy.
Factory is equipped with latest testing facilities.
Factory is one of a handful of local, young marketing firms grabbing a fair share of new business.
Factory isa structure.
Factory needs a programmer.
Factory outlet open to the public.
Factory pick up only.
Factory plating finishes for decorative lights include polished brass or chrome.
Factory retrofit only.
Factory rims with yokohama tires.
Factory sealed sets are attractive and easy to store.
Factory trained technicians are on hand to service most brands of RVs and appliances.
Factory trained technicians provide installation and service.
Factory warrantees The factory warranties on our selected cues are the standard of the industry.
Factories frequently have too few bathrooms and they are often locked, broken, and filthy.
Factories sometimes dump trash or chemicals into the water supply.
Factories sometimes sell cutaways to quiltmakers, often by mail order.
Factories usually produce several waste streams.
All factories have free meals and medical service on site along with medical coverage off site.
All factories have free transportation.
All factories offer free transportation, subsidized meals, clinics on site, and medical coverage.
All factory mods, plus many additional.
All factory remaining warranties are transferable and in effect .
Every factory has motors pumping essentially against friction.
Every factory produces a primary product that another factory is likely to require.
Many factories are under water for several weeks.
Many factories discriminate against workers in terms of sex and age.
Many factories have other names as they do piece work for a variety of retailers.
Many factories have very dusty air in the vicinity of the hydraulic power unit.
Many factories now have the facility to hold thick juice in large storage tanks.
Many factories operate night shifts of workers.
Many factories present serious fire hazards.
Many factories run on hydroelectric power that is generated by waterfalls in the mountains.
Many factories use robots to do lots of hard work quickly and without many mistakes.
Many factories use steam in their production process.
Many factories use x-rays to find flaws in metal, castings and welds.
More factories mean more acid rain, which affects countries such as Zambia, Malaysia, and Venezuela.
Most factories are joint ventures with Vietnamese participants.
Most factories close their doors.
Most factories employ ample overhead personnel to manage and support their production facilities.
Most factories employ workers.
Most factories have on-site health clinics.
Most factories have power plants in which generators burn fuel to produce heat.
Most factories have products.
Most factories make a variety of products.
Most factories make products.
Most factories manufacture products that can be stored in a warehouse until needed.
Most factories manufacture their products to order.
Most factories now have PC s on the shop floor for recipe management, server data and more.
Most factories perform follow functions.
Most factories perform functions.
Most factories produce gases.
Most factories produce industrial gases.
Most factories provide warmth.
Most factories radiate heat.
Most factories specialize in assembly work and light manufacturing.
Most factories use energy.
Some factories certify technicians.
Some factories contain hormones.
Some factories employ blacksmiths.
Some factories even conduct time and motion studies to determine each movement of the worker's body.
Some factories have design studios.
Some factories have periods each year when they lay off workers.
Some factories have sound barriers between the workers and the machines.
Some factories have studios.
Some factories have their own organic gardens to supply quality food for their workers.
Some factories have washers.
Some factories mount the fuse in a rig, which allows free rotation along the fuse centerline.
Some factories offer free tours.
Some factories offer tours.
Some factories operate unduly harsh rules to improve productivity, such as punishments for talking.
Some factories prefer to be left to their own devices in figuring out environmental challenges.
Some factories produce acid.
Some factories produce evolution.
Some factories produce fossil fuel.
Some factories produce fuel.
Some factories produce plastic.
Some factories produce proteins.
Some factories remove waste.
Some factories reportedly make children work late and sleep in the factories.
Some factories require prior approval.
Some factories transform clean electricity.
Some factories transform electricity.
Some factories use equipment to shape metal or plastic.
Factual accuracy can be the result of partial knowledge or, potentially, a deliberate deception.
Factual accuracy is important as well.
Factual accuracy is important.
Factual accuracy is of utmost importance in freelance writing.
Factual accuracy is of utmost importance.
Factual accuracy is still another matter.
Factual accuracy is such a reasonable place.
Factual accuracy is the responsibility of the author.
Factual allegations justifying relief are also necessary.
Factual analysis destroys their appeal immediately, taking the fun out of it.
Factual circumstance is a primary issue as law is passive until it can be applied to facts.
Factual content is the responsibility of the author.
Factual controversies are to be resolved in favor of the non-moving party.
Factual databases are everywhere.
Factual databases are one such resource.
Factual determination regarding patent infringement is reviewed for clear error.
Factual determinations are the exclusive domain of the jury.
Factual disputes are a feature of every policy debate.
Factual errors are also a distraction for the informed reader.
Factual errors are more common.
Factual errors are the responsibility of the listed publication.
Factual errors are to be corrected when called for.
Factual errors exist as well as cleanup tags.
Factual evidence concerning special circumstances is necessary.
Factual evidence lends support to conclusion-based adjectives.
Factual identity is associated with identity theory.
Factual information bearing on the proposal is in order.
Factual information consists of credit experiences with specific credit grantors.
Factual information given about the films usually includes a listing of the cast.
Factual information is accurate and extensive.
Factual information is accurate and well researched.
Factual information is accurate, extensive, and well developed.
Factual information is accurate.
Factual information is appended.
Factual information is associated with the acquisition and recall of specific facts or issues.
Factual information is available on the world wide web and in books and magazines.
Factual information is kept separate from interpretations or implications.
Factual information is minimal and often inaccurate.
Factual information is needed.
Factual information is presented in own words.
Factual information is presented without legal jargon.
Factual information is provided in a friendly style to help the reader dispel some common myths.
Factual information is provided postcard captions.
Factual information is somewhat lacking and inaccurate.
Factual information is the kind of information that tells someone who, what, where, when, and how.
Factual information is woven into the fiction, opinions and personal accounts that make up the site.
Factual information regarding central issues is critical.
Factual information taken at the scene makes the difference in attributable liability.
All factual information is contained in the case.
Many factual issues depend upon a tool or instrument that enhances one of our senses .
Factual knowledge concerning their stability and handing characteristics remains in deep mystery.
Factual knowledge leads to critical thought.
Factual knowledge takes precedence over critical appraisal.
Factual language is based on or contains facts.
Factual learners prefer concrete, specific facts, data, and detailed experimentation.
Factual material is obtained from sources believed to be reliable.
Factual material is used in support of opinions.
Factual material is very important.
Factual materials get more leeway in copying than a work of fiction or a work of art.
Factual memory is used to remember telephone numbers or the story line of a book.
Factual questions are low-risk attempts to obtain objective data about the applicant.
Factual questions ask for facts.
Factual questions use words such as identify, name, describe, or locate.
Factual recall is adequate.
Factual recall is minimal.
Factual scenarios tie chapters together.
Factual statements can be effective.
Some factual statements are demonstrably true.
Factual support is accurate and clearly illustrates each section.
Factual support is adequate to support discussion of all parts of the answer.
Factual truth is the property of propositions that correspond to real world states of affairs.
Factual works are more likely to be considered fair use.
Factual works receive less protection from fair use copying than fictional or fanciful works.
Facultative aerobes appear throughout the particle.
Facultative aerobes are unable to produce hydrogen sulfide.
Facultative anaerobes can grow in either the presence or absence of oxygen.
Facultative anaerobes can tolerate occasional intrusions of oxygen rich air.
Facultative anaerobes consume oxygen, create anaerobic microenvironment fit for obligate anaerobes.
Facultative anaerobes grow well with or without oxygen.
Facultative anaerobes utilize oxygen and aerobic respiration whenever possible.
Facultative lagoons have an aerobic top layer and an anaerobic bottom layer.
Facultative parasites are organisms that can grow either on liv- ing or dead organic matter.
Facultative symbiosis is when the species live together by choice.
Faculty assistants are responsible for completing the form for their professors.
Faculty assistants can check out material for their faculty by proxy.
Faculty clubs are the last of the last.
Faculty development continue to provide encouragement and resources.
Faculty development continues to present a significant opportunity.
Faculty development is achieved through counseling and coaching throughout the year.
Faculty development is achieved through counseling and coaching, continuing throughout the year.
Faculty development is also a priority.
Faculty development is also crucial to the success of the new curriculum.
Faculty development is also the only way to make lasting curricular change.
Faculty development is basic to the concept of post-tenure review.
Faculty development is critical to the adoption of new technologies in the classroom.
Faculty development is encouraged and supported.
Faculty development is enhanced when professors are able to present papers at professional meetings.
Faculty development is planned and conducted by a faculty-initiated committee.
Faculty development is the key.
Faculty development takes place in several ways.
A faculty member is an educator
Faculty member approves change.
Faculty member can choose which template they wish to use for their course.
Faculty member corrects any deficiencies and resubmits dossier.
Faculty member denies the student's request to change a grade.
Faculty member develops prototype of materials.
Faculty member has an initial idea for a research project.
Faculty member has dual role of fact-finder and determiner of penalty.
Faculty member means any person hired by the college to conduct classroom activities.
Faculty member needs time to explore the technologies.
Faculty member provides peer evaluators with updated self-report.
Faculty member receives formal notice of reappointment for next year.
Faculty member requests an explanation from the student.
Faculty member retains full-time faculty benefits package during the transition period.
Faculty member writes grant proposal containing release time.
Faculty members accept Honors students at their own discretion.
Faculty members accept the assignment for teaching class.
Faculty members accompany students on study abroad programs as supervisors.
Faculty members accompany the class to facilitate the learning through daily debriefings.
Faculty members accrue sick leave only.
Faculty members act as advisors to teaching assistants.
Faculty members act as advisors to the board.
Faculty members address problems of resource management at national and international levels.
Faculty members advise classes and sponsor clubs and activities.
Faculty members advise each student about career opportunities in nursing.
Faculty members advise in the area in which they teach.
Faculty members agree that older students are avid learners and classroom leaders.
Faculty members aid the students in preparing their resumes and with personal job searches.
Faculty members analyze the data, identify specific issues and develop detailed feedback reports.
Faculty members announce the time of the year's first meeting in class.
Faculty members appear to enjoy reasonable contractual security regarding their employment.
Faculty members appreciate the courtesy of knowing when commitments are unable to be met.
Faculty members are a wonderful resource.
Faculty members are accessible to students both in terms of availability and approachability.
Faculty members are active in a variety of research and outreach programs.
Faculty members are active in an extensive series of research projects, activities, and publication.
Faculty members are active in biological research and professional development.
Faculty members are active in both research and corporate consulting.
Faculty members are active in child and adolescent mental health affairs nationally.
Faculty members are active in consulting many of the largest companies in America.
Faculty members are active in environmental research throughout Texas, Mexico, and Central America.
Faculty members are active in local, national and international professional organizations.
Faculty members are active in patient care as well as clinical and basic research.
Faculty members are active in professional societies.
Faculty members are active in publications, extension and seminar activities.
Faculty members are active in the community, doing the kind of work students seek for themselves.
Faculty members are active on university committees and faculty governance.
Faculty members are active practitioners in their fields.
Faculty members are active researchers in their disciplines.
Faculty members are active scholars and researchers, but they are committed to teaching.
Faculty members are active teachers as well as researchers.
Faculty members are adept practitioners as well as expert educators.
Faculty members are advisers as well as teachers.
Faculty members are all active professional performers.
Faculty members are all active researchers, and build seminars around their research topics.
Faculty members are all busy, so the more time that they are given to complete a letter, the better.
Faculty members are all professional artists and work closely with students in small studio classes.
Faculty members are also a resource for advice on sequencing of courses.
Faculty members are also active in research in their fields.
Faculty members are also active in the life of the church locally, nationally, and internationally.
Faculty members are also an excellent source of information.
Faculty members are also available to see students by appointment.
Faculty members are also committed to rigorous academic standards and serious religious devotion.
Faculty members are also eligible.
Faculty members are also free to make their own accommodations for students, as they see fit.
Faculty members are also helpful in planning for career as well as for graduate study.
Faculty members are also new to email.
Faculty members are also valuable contributors to our discussions meetings.
Faculty members are also well represented on the editorial boards of journals.
Faculty members are always available to offer extra advice and guidance.
Faculty members are always ready to discuss ideas and suggest problems and approaches.
Faculty members are always ready to help.
Faculty members are always very accessible to undergraduate and graduate students alike.
Faculty members are among the most active on campus and are involved in a wide range of activities.
Faculty members are artist-mentors who give personalized attention to each student.
Faculty members are as eager to learn as the students.
Faculty members are authorities in their specialty areas.
Faculty members are available and eager to supplement the foregoing information.
Faculty members are available at stated times during the week for conferences.
Faculty members are available during office hours to give advice on academic matters.
Faculty members are available during their office hours or by appointment.
Faculty members are available for additional assistance, remediation and enrichment.
Faculty members are available for additional course related assistance and support.
Faculty members are available for advisement during scheduled office hours, and by appointment.
Faculty members are available for advisement during scheduled office hours.
Faculty members are available for consultation, and training sessions are offered.
Faculty members are available for individual work with students at no extra charge.
Faculty members are available for informal technical discussions and more formal presentations.
Faculty members are available for special presentations and hands on activities upon request.
Faculty members are available for students outside the classroom as well.
Faculty members are available throughout the year for academic advising.
Faculty members are available to advise and provide guidance to residents in selecting topics.
Faculty members are available to assist and advise students on an individual basis.
Faculty members are available to discuss programs in detail with interested persons.
Faculty members are available to make presentations to local organizations.
Faculty members are available to provide consulting to local industry.
Faculty members are available to students for consultation in problem areas.
Faculty members are available to students through convenient office and advising hours.
Faculty members are available to talk about their research.
Faculty members are available via email or telephone for questions.
Faculty members are available, friendly and eager to help each trainee.
Faculty members are board certified in infectious diseases.
Faculty members are both educators and working professionals in their fields.
Faculty members are busy people.
Faculty members are capable of successfully supervising only a small number of students.
Faculty members are citizens and, therefore, possess the rights of citizens.
Faculty members are committed to academic excellence and professional competence in instruction.
Faculty members are committed to being mentors and partners in achieving academic excellence.
Faculty members are committed to excellence in teaching.
Faculty members are committed to high-quality teaching.
Faculty members are committed to preparing graduates to thrive in a world of relentless change.
Faculty members are committed to quality teaching.
Faculty members are committed to the welfare of our students.
Faculty members are committed to their students.
Faculty members are committed to working with students both in the classroom and after class.
Faculty members are concerned about students professional development, as well as their faith-life.
Faculty members are concerned with the needs and interests of individual students.
Faculty members are contracted employees.
Faculty members are directly responsible for administering their individual research projects.
Faculty members are distinguished law professors and practitioners.
Faculty members are each responsible for the content of their own pages.
Faculty members are eager to teach the service classes.
Faculty members are easily accessible for consultation outside of the classroom.
Faculty members are easily accessible to assist and advise students on an individual basis.
Faculty members are easily available to undergraduate majors.
Faculty members are eligible after at least three years of service.
Faculty members are eligible for a perpetual account.
Faculty members are eligible for funds to defray travel costs to meetings of learned societies.
Faculty members are eligible for more than one authorization code.
Faculty members are eligible for only one award per year.
Faculty members are eligible for re-election.
Faculty members are eligible for support for travel to professional meetings.
Faculty members are eligible for the flexible benefits program.
Faculty members are eligible for vacation in accordance with the terms of their appointment.
Faculty members are enthusiastic about having access to the technologically enhanced classrooms.
Faculty members are equally important.
Faculty members are especially sensitive to students who are employed full-time.
Faculty members are essential in establishing and preserving the bond with alumni.
Faculty members are excellent resources for specific career and program information.
Faculty members are exceptionally well qualified by both academic and practical preparation.
Faculty members are exempt from overdue fines.
Faculty members are exempt from paying overdue fines.
Faculty members are expert practitioners as well as seasoned educators.
Faculty members are experts in something already.
Faculty members are experts in their fields of study.
Faculty members are extraordinarily accessible.
Faculty members are extremely involved in locating the most qualified applicant for the vacancy.
Faculty members are facilitators for learning.
Faculty members are free to add additional evaluations to their files.
Faculty members are free to choose the degree of involvement they want to have within the college.
Faculty members are free to post as much or as little as they want.
Faculty members are frequent contributors to the professional literature.
Faculty members are frequent recipients of university and college teaching awards.
Faculty members are from across the globe and bring a wide range of experience to the department.
Faculty members are from the cooperating institutions.
Faculty members are full-time or adjunct members of the department granting the course credit.
Faculty members are glad to provide assistance.
Faculty members are highly accessible.
Faculty members are highly active in state, regional, and national professional associations.
Faculty members are highly experienced and one with large series in endoscopic procedures.
Faculty members are highly involved in professional organizations.
Faculty members are highly qualified and have diverse academic and business backgrounds.
Faculty members are in a better position than anyone else to address the third reason.
Faculty members are in a unique position to know the full range of their professional activities.
Faculty members are in demand as consultants and speakers in the U.S., Europe and Asia.
Faculty members are in frequent demand for workshops, seminars and lectureships.
Faculty members are interested in works than span some time and show artistic development.
Faculty members are invariably available for additional instruction as desired by the student.
Faculty members are largely responsible for recommending materials in their subject fields.
Faculty members are leaders in their chosen fields and are very open to their students.
Faculty members are limited to a single proposal, whether submitted alone or as part of a group.
Faculty members are more than the basis of a reputation, however.
Faculty members are more visible and thus more accountable to each other.
Faculty members are most likely to access library information and materials remotely.
Faculty members are national and international leaders.
Faculty members are national leaders in many areas of research, including clinical research.
Faculty members are nationally and internationally renowned.
Faculty members are nationally renowned experts and researchers of vulnerable populations.
Faculty members are no different from the average person in their fear of change.
Faculty members are obligated to report apparent violations.
Faculty members are of course concerned.
Faculty members are of course welcome to present recently published journal articles too.
Faculty members are often able to coordinate chapter visits with their consulting travel schedules.
Faculty members are often in a good position to identify students who are troubled.
Faculty members are often more remote than in the States.
Faculty members are often unaware of what to do if they suspect cases of academic dishonesty.
Faculty members are on teams .
Faculty members are on the editorial boards of many international journals.
Faculty members are only eligible for tenure at the conclusion of a probationary period.
Faculty members are open to questions, comments and conversation before, during and after class.
Faculty members are over extended in terms of load.
Faculty members are part of the faculty context.
Faculty members are particularly concerned about the potential lack of email privacy.
Faculty members are personally interested in each student.
Faculty members are pleased.
Faculty members are present to answer any and all questions.
Faculty members are present to help students every day and any day.
Faculty members are primarily Latin American scholars with international experience and education.
Faculty members are probably the least involved in prevention programs.
Faculty members are professional political consultants or women who have held elected office.
Faculty members are professional political consultants, campaign staff and business professionals.
Faculty members are professional teachers who spend their time teaching and counseling students.
Faculty members are professionals in their fields of expertise.
Faculty members are psychoanalysts and experienced psychoanalytically oriented psychotherapists.
Faculty members are Readily accessible to students.
Faculty members are readily available for academic advising, mentoring and career planning.
Faculty members are readily available for advisement in course selection and career choices.
Faculty members are readily available for dicussion outside of classes.
Faculty members are readily available for discussion outside of classes.
Faculty members are readily available for either formal or informal discussion with residents.
Faculty members are readily available to answer questions or to discuss difficult issues.
Faculty members are readily available to discuss problems and concepts with one of our majors.
Faculty members are readily available to meet with students.
Faculty members are recipients as well.
Faculty members are respected experts in their chosen area of specialization.
Faculty members are responsible for all materials checked out by authorized individuals.
Faculty members are responsible for charges for lost or damaged materials.
Faculty members are responsible for documenting problem areas and notifying students.
Faculty members are responsible for ensuring that students receive all course materials.
Faculty members are responsible for ensuring that their copies are up to date.
Faculty members are responsible for following standard state purchasing and travel procedures.
Faculty members are responsible for keeping reports of results.
Faculty members are responsible for maintaining office hours.
Faculty members are responsible for making ALL duplicate copies.
Faculty members are responsible for making every reasonable effort to foster academic conduct.
Faculty members are responsible for making the appropriate arrangements as discussed above.
Faculty members are responsible for management of the classroom environment.
Faculty members are responsible for managing the classroom environment.
Faculty members are responsible for obtaining permission from the publishers when necessary.
Faculty members are responsible for operating the equipment.
Faculty members are responsible for providing such supplies themselves.
Faculty members are responsible for reasonable accommodation of individual religious practices.
Faculty members are responsible for removing students from their course.
Faculty members are responsible for returning books promptly and directly to the lending library.
Faculty members are responsible for returning slides.
Faculty members are responsible for teaching and supervision in the classroom and clinical setting.
Faculty members are responsible for testing the software shortly before their classes.
Faculty members are responsible for the selection of slides required for their classes.
Faculty members are responsible for their individual course material.
Faculty members are responsible for updating the information.
Faculty members are solely responsible for the content of their web pages.
Faculty members are student oriented yet maintain high standards for classroom perfomnance.
Faculty members are student oriented yet maintain high standards for classroom performance.
Faculty members are student-oriented, yet maintain high standards for classroom performance.
Faculty members are subject to change.
Faculty members are subject to fines.
Faculty members are the core providers of effective academic advising.
Faculty members are the greatest actors.
Faculty members are the key.
Faculty members are the most important component of the university.
Faculty members are thrilled to use the program as a laboratory setting.
Faculty members are to be informed of the essential content of the evaluations.
Faculty members are to be present for the final examination period.
Faculty members are to consult applicable contract to determine additional criteria.
Faculty members are to ensure that chemical hygiene policies are fully implemented.
Faculty members are to follow the grievance procedure established for the faculty.
Faculty members are to receive the statistical results, and the individual evaluation forms.
Faculty members are to select, schedule, and request purchase orders for their own films and videos.
Faculty members are to set an example to encourage academic honesty.
Faculty members are uncomfortable with politics.
Faculty members are unranked, with a system of extended contracts instead of tenure.
Faculty members are very accessible to students.
Faculty members are very approachable and seem genuinely interested in getting to know the students.
Faculty members are very busy and most simply forward the e-mail to the grad office.
Faculty members are very involved in education and research activities.
Faculty members are very supportive of our players athletic endeavors.
Faculty members are welcome as well.
Faculty members are welcome to come in and peruse the holdings, read, study, or check-out materials.
Faculty members are welcome to nominate themselves.
Faculty members are welcome to participate.
Faculty members are welcome to request materials to support the curriculum.
Faculty members are welcome to seek the office's assistance in finding housing.
Faculty members are welcome to use the library.
Faculty members are well qualified for their positions and are committed to the program.
Faculty members are well represented on all task forces, and open forums are being held.
Faculty members are well-qualified to prepare and challenge students to grow academically.
Faculty members are willing and available to help students.
Faculty members arrange additional individual study or skill practice as needed.
Faculty members assess the performance of chairs in the third and fifth year.
Faculty members assess transferability of courses when making curriculum changes.
Faculty members assign final grades in each course at the end of each semester.
Faculty members assist as coordinators and resource consultants at seminar sessions.
Faculty members assist one another to give more in-depth instruction to students.
Faculty members assist students in selecting the courses related to their talents and interest.
Faculty members assist students with classwork during regularly scheduled office hours.
Faculty members assist the students in their thesis works.
Faculty members assist with lectures and discussions.
Faculty members attend all laboratories.
Faculty members attend on a rotating basis to act as a resource.
Faculty members authorize TAs.
Faculty members avoid unlawful discrimination against colleagues.
Faculty members become tutors, resources, and evaluators.
Faculty members begin to identify the potential of the top students in their departments.
Faculty members believe in professional development and are active in research and consulting.
Faculty members believe it is important to teach students how to think critically.
Faculty members believe that learning is an interactive process.
Faculty members benefit from such seminars, too.
Faculty members blame persistent underfunding for the later decline.
Faculty members bring an invaluable blend of scholarly and practical experience to the classroom.
Faculty members can add commentary to images and texts directly from their home or office.
Faculty members can advise businesses on new technology.
Faculty members can also add class notes, audio, or video to enhance the presentation.
Faculty members can also authorize others to provide content within their virtual classrooms.
Faculty members can also benefit from corporate support.
Faculty members can also provide counseling on post-graduate job opportunities or studies.
Faculty members can also talk with a vice chancellor for academic affairs about a chair's work.
Faculty members can also work on an individual basis as mentors for new minority students.
Faculty members can apply for a one extra research unit on an annual basis.
Faculty members can apply for their own faculty web pages .
Faculty members can apply to mentor up to three new service-learning faculty members.
Faculty members can archive an entire conference at any time.
Faculty members can assist interested students in obtaining the addresses of such organizations.
Faculty members can attend any or all of the three programs according to their specific interests.
Faculty members can attend for FREE .
Faculty members can be part of that step by joining USA as supporting members.
Faculty members can be their own worst enemy in terms of defending tenure.
Faculty members can be very helpful by choosing class texts early.
Faculty members can connect with former students and graduating seniors as well as with parents.
Faculty members can create customized library pages for their classes.
Faculty members can earn a supplement based on merit, as well as additional bonuses.
Faculty members can easily create home pages using a home page wizard.
Faculty members can have their picture taken during any free planning period, either day.
Faculty members can help assess the strengths and weaknesses of particular graduate programs.
Faculty members can help students contact potential employers.
Faculty members can hold appointments in more than one department, college, or school.
Faculty members can improve their performance based on appropriate feedback from peers.
Faculty members can make budget revisions at any time.
Faculty members can make course materials available electronically to all students.
Faculty members can obtain a password for Dialog.
Faculty members can obtain class rosters as frequently as needed from a secure server on the Web.
Faculty members can offer much good advice on the general graduate application process.
Faculty members can often obtain classware from a vendor for a trial evaluation period.
Faculty members can order course materials using the websites.
Faculty members can order textbooks for their classes .
Faculty members can place orders for required textbooks simply by filling out an on-line form.
Faculty members can point out the career opportunities that previous students have enjoyed.
Faculty members can provide guidelines within academic disciplines.
Faculty members can provide their own persepective on virtually every aspect of instruction.
Faculty members can put class notes online and provide added information from a variety of sources.
Faculty members can quickly view their own course listings.
Faculty members can remove students from the class for non-attendance.
Faculty members can renew their books for an additional semester.
Faculty members can request library study carrels at the circulation desk.
Faculty members can schedule videos for classroom use for up to one year in advance.
Faculty members can submit written proxy votes.
Faculty members can then veto the removal of materials or the cancellation of journal subscriptions.
Faculty members can therefore experience intellectual isolation.
Faculty members can use their UB IT names and passwords to access their courses.
Faculty members can vote for as many nominated faculty as they choose.
Faculty members carry out their functions independently of one another.
Faculty members challenge students to develop as individuals of integrity.
Faculty members check their boxes several times a day.
Faculty members choose the recipient.
Faculty members coach the ensembles, and performing venues are available on and off campus.
Faculty members collaborate with investigators in an extremely large number of diverse disciplines.
Faculty members come from a number of interesting backgrounds.
Faculty members come from a wide variety of practice backgrounds and research interests.
Faculty members come from transdisciplinary practices that cross institutional boundaries.
Faculty members commit themselves to teaching as their first priority.
Faculty members compete for well-isolated studios.
Faculty members compete to propose themes and questions.
Faculty members complete a request form for each video desired.
Faculty members complete the grant proposal by a certain deadline.
Faculty members conduct active research programs in both basic and clinical endocrinology.
Faculty members conduct numerous research activities.
Faculty members consult regularly about individual progress, class planning, and student needs.
Faculty members continue submitting mid-term and final grades electronically.
Faculty members continue to conduct research with ad direct impact on the private sector.
Faculty members continue to consult with hospitality business leaders about perceived deficiencies.
Faculty members continue to develop new online courses with continued growth anticipated.
Faculty members continue to hold most principal chairs.
Faculty members continue to increase the use of emerging technologies throughout the curriculum.
Faculty members continue to see the world as their laboratory.
Faculty members continue to serve on academic, government, and policy studies group committees.
Faculty members continue to work on core curriculum revisions.
Faculty members contribute conceptual frameworks, interpretations, and experience.
Faculty members contribute to knowledge and practice.
Faculty members coordinate student internships and study-abroad opportunities.
Faculty members create scholarly works by the thousands every day.
Faculty members debate the value of information on the Internet.
Faculty members decide on how they want their assignments to be submitted.
Faculty members dedicate their careers to excellent teaching in small-class settings.
Faculty members demonstrate a commitment to keeping current in their respective disciplines.
Faculty members derive their identity as members of academic disciplines.
Faculty members deserve opportunities to succeed at teaching.
Faculty members deserve to be compensated for their works, ideas, and efforts in the process.
Faculty members deserve to be paid for weekend classes that are being held to save the semester.
Faculty members design the projects, which are advertised each semester by the program office.
Faculty members determine attendance requirements for their classes.
Faculty members determine the impact of absences upon the final course grade.
Faculty members develop and maintain a discovery portfolio.
Faculty members develop in-depth study options in place of the regular class schedules.
Faculty members differ on their readiness to use that sanction.
Faculty members direct the productions and supervise the technical areas.
Faculty members discuss classes, get feedback in message thread form.
Faculty members discuss their research.
Faculty members do appear to be spending somewhat less time on research, the report shows.
Faculty members do much more on behalf of students than simply meet their scheduled classes.
Faculty members do note the increased use of the Internet by students.
Faculty members do provide expert teaching in many specialties.
Faculty members do recruit at conferences and seminars.
Faculty members do research, read papers before learned societies, and publish books and articles.
Faculty members earn a course release for every three projects successfully completed.
Faculty members emphasize compassion and justice in professional practice.
Faculty members emphasize how theater is important in other aspects of life.
Faculty members employ a variety of methodologies and research tools in their work.
Faculty members employed under the academic year contract neither earn nor receive annual leave.
Faculty members encourage active learning and strive to promote life-long learning habits.
Faculty members encourage active research participation by students.
Faculty members encourage and welcome personal interaction with their students.
Faculty members encourage inquiry into the nature of learning and the effects of teaching.
Faculty members encourage integration of theoretical analysis with field research.
Faculty members encourage student involvement in their research.
Faculty members encourage student-faculty collaboration on research and service projects.
Faculty members encourage students to seek additional help whenever they encounter difficulties.
Faculty members encourage their students to become self-confident, effective communicators.
Faculty members encourage their students to succeed at the highest levels.
Faculty members encourage undergraduate research, honors projects and honors theses.
Faculty members engage in a variety of editorial and publication projects.
Faculty members engage in all three.
Faculty members engage in applied research, consulting, and public service.
Faculty members engage in research pursuits as well as teaching.
Faculty members engage in research to select interventions related to goals.
Faculty members engage in research.
Faculty members engage with students as teachers, chaperones, and caring advisors.
Faculty members enjoy a worldwide reputation in many fields of research.
Faculty members enjoy describing their research projects to eager students.
Faculty members enjoy giving students personalized attention.
Faculty members enjoy teaching part-time students.
Faculty members enlist, and pay for, student help on numerous research projects under way each year.
Faculty members enter after the chancellor's contingent.
Faculty members establish standards of behavior that are consistent with the principles of honesty.
Faculty members establish the requirements and the nature of academic exercises and examinations.
Faculty members evaluate all students at the end of the sophomore year.
Faculty members evaluate residents in each of the block rotations over the three years.
Faculty members evaluate the effectiveness of their products in a variety of ways.
Faculty members excel at teaching.
Faculty members exhibit nationally and internationally.
Faculty members expect all prerequisites for each course to have been met prior to enrollment.
Faculty members facilitate small group discussion on clinical cases.
Faculty members facilitate the discussion.
Faculty members feel excluded from the process, beleaguered, depressed.
Faculty members focus on teaching and student research but also conduct research of their own.
Faculty members focus on the common theme while teaching their own courses as discrete classes.
Faculty members focus their attention exclusively on training undergraduate students.
Faculty members function primarily as facilitators or evaluators that advise and monitor progress.
Faculty members get help in implementing current technology into their regular course work.
Faculty members get more.
Faculty members give brief presentations about their research and instrumentation.
Faculty members give encouragement and academic assistance.
Faculty members give numerous lectures and conferences for the residents throughout the year.
Faculty members give public talks and write guest editorials on a myriad of topics.
Faculty members give survey talks during the first part of the semester.
Faculty members go out of their way to make adult students feel comfortable and welcome.
Faculty members guide by asking questions.
Faculty members guide discussions, require specific readings and evaluate assignments.
Faculty members guide discussions, require specific readings, and evaluate assignments.
Faculty members guide student learning outside the classroom, as well as teaching within it.
Faculty members guide students in developing study plans, research and career goals.
Faculty members have a basic obligation to teach.
Faculty members have a broad range of interests and expertise.
Faculty members have a great deal of power to influence the academic progress of students.
Faculty members have a loan period of one semester with renewal for an additional semester.
Faculty members have a long tradition of research in otitis media.
Faculty members have a national reputation for work on multicultural and gender issues.
Faculty members have a proven record of being genuinely committed to excellence and education.
Faculty members have a shared interest in health economics, politics and organizations.
Faculty members have a strong background in Native American education and experiences.
Faculty members have a unique mix of backgrounds in research, teaching, and industry.
Faculty members have a wide range of interests and are active in their areas of specialization.
Faculty members have a wide range of research interests in both human and animal behavior.
Faculty members have a wide variety of interests.
Faculty members have academic and practical experience in the construction field.
Faculty members have academic rank.
Faculty members have access to a wide variety of materials to enhance teaching and learning.
Faculty members have access to information maintained on students in the aforementioned offices.
Faculty members have advanced degrees and extensive teaching experience.
Faculty members have advanced degrees in the field of teaching English.
Faculty members have ample opportunities to connect theory and practice.
Faculty members have an open door policy and often involve students in their laboratory efforts.
Faculty members have backgrounds in computer science, design, social science, and cognitive science.
Faculty members have backgrounds in many religious traditions.
Faculty members have both office and home access to the Internet.
Faculty members have claims for back pay.
Faculty members have complete control over the tape.
Faculty members have complete control over the videotape.
Faculty members have either master s degrees or doctoral degrees in their chosen fields of study.
Faculty members have ethical responsibilities to themselves, to the profession, and to students.
Faculty members have excellent access to technical resources.
Faculty members have experience in all subspecialty areas of anesthetic practice.
Faculty members have expertise and strong clinical practice backgrounds in their areas of teaching.
Faculty members have extensive industrial software development experience.
Faculty members have flexible schedules.
Faculty members have free use of the guaranteed-access pool.
Faculty members have freedom on how to give exams.
Faculty members have fundamental obligations above and beyond organized teaching and research.
Faculty members have graduate degrees and speak at least one foreign language.
Faculty members have in common a strong engineering background.
Faculty members have interest and expertise in all areas of genetics, oncology, and DNA testing.
Faculty members have like responsibilities when suspected violations come to their attention.
Faculty members have many different research interests.
Faculty members have many years of experience in research and development.
Faculty members have master keys and can sometimes help in an emergency.
Faculty members have more options for accessing student information than ever before.
Faculty members have much teaching experience in elementary classrooms in many states.
Faculty members have no rights to engage in commercial activities.
Faculty members have no voting privileges.
Faculty members have office hours.
Faculty members have one Internet component in at least one or more of their courses.
Faculty members have professional as well as academic credentials.
Faculty members have real-world experience and teach all classes.
Faculty members have research projects going on throughout the academic year and in the summer.
Faculty members have responsibilities to the educational institution in which they work.
Faculty members have responsibilities to their students.
Faculty members have responsibility for attending to one resident continuity clinic per week.
Faculty members have several office hours each week and are often available at other hours.
Faculty members have significant authority to manage the classroom environment.
Faculty members have special expertise in rotator cuff reconstruction and shoulder replacement.
Faculty members have strong opinions regarding the use of phones as well.
Faculty members have the equipment necessary to conduct research in various disciplines.
Faculty members have the highest status for getting studio or one-bedroom apartments.
Faculty members have the opportunity to request appointment to a committee.
Faculty members have the option to record a plus or minus with grades.
Faculty members have the prerogative of lowering grades for frequent student absences.
Faculty members have the responsibility to participate in shared governance.
Faculty members have the responsibility to supervise student activities on field trips.
Faculty members have the right to decline any invitation to serve on a particular committee.
Faculty members have the right to respond in writing to anything in their personnel file.
Faculty members have the right, therefore, to participate in such activities.
Faculty members have the same rights and obligations as all citizens.
Faculty members have their work sharply evaluated all the time.
Faculty members have to support students in overcoming problems encountered while doing projects.
Faculty members have tremendous content knowledge.
Faculty members have two reasons for engaging in research and creative activity.
Faculty members have, in addition to tuition remission benefits, class audit privileges.
Faculty members help coordinate student projects and provide on-campus guidance and support.
Faculty members help participants realize the potential of newly acquired skills and ideas.
Faculty members help prepare students for graduate and professional schools.
Faculty members help students develop professional-quality reporting, observing and writing skills.
Faculty members help students lay the foundation for a lifetime of significant, creative work.
Faculty members help students select a program and prepare for the experience.
Faculty members help students.
Faculty members hold advanced degrees from a broad representation of colleges and universities.
Faculty members hold advanced degrees from accredited American universities.
Faculty members hold advanced degrees from the diploma mill itself or similar organizations.
Faculty members hold advanced degrees in computer science, information science, and mathematics.
Faculty members hold advanced degrees in computer science, mathematics, and electrical engineering.
Faculty members hold degrees from distinguished academic institutions throughout the country.
Faculty members hold degrees from many of the country's finest graduate schools.
Faculty members hold doctoral degrees in social work, social welfare, psychology, and other fields.
Faculty members hold national professional offices.
Faculty members hold office hours outside the courses they teach.
Faculty members hold professional leadership roles in several national organizations.
Faculty members improve their technical knowledge and skills.
Faculty members influence the teaching, research, and service of peers and students alike.
Faculty members initiate all cross campus test requests.
Faculty members initiate changes in curriculum.
Faculty members instill a sense of academic accomplishment, confidence, and self-esteem in students.
Faculty members instructing audit eligible courses have the right to refuse an auditor.
Faculty members instructing audit eligible courses have the right to refuse auditors.
Faculty members invite students to be co-researchers on nationally funded projects.
Faculty members invite the boarders for movie nights or other weekly activities in their homes.
Faculty members involve students in active learning and business applications.
Faculty members join residents for lunch or dinner and discussion.
Faculty members judge student presentations and several prizes are awarded as described below.
Faculty members keep in touch after graduation.
Faculty members keep posted office hours for that purpose and are readily available for conferences.
Faculty members keep posted office hours when telephone conferences can be arranged.
Faculty members keep quiet for the first thirty minutes, to assure opportunity for peer discussion.
Faculty members keep regular office hours and can be easily reached for consultation.
Faculty members keep up with the newest changes by participating in workshops and training sessions.
Faculty members know each student individually and are readily available to provide assistance.
Faculty members know each student is equipped to accomplish the assigned task.
Faculty members know the students by name and care about their personal success.
Faculty members know their professional peers and graduate programs.
Faculty members lead groups of students in cultural and historical study tours.
Faculty members lead the colloquium in a relaxed and congenial setting.
Faculty members lead the elective courses at the forum .
Faculty members learn as well.
Faculty members live either in apartments in the dorms or with their families in houses on campus.
Faculty members live in the dormitories with the students.
Faculty members maintain active research programs throughout the year.
Faculty members maintain hours to meet with students and discuss their special academic interests.
Faculty members maintain leadership positions in state and national organizations.
Faculty members maintain office hours and are available to assist students by phone or in person.
Faculty members maintain regular office hours and are readily accessible to students.
Faculty members make advising appointments almost daily during the semester.
Faculty members make eye contact with male students more often than with female students.
Faculty members make key fossil find.
Faculty members make recommendations on all applications.
Faculty members make selections from their own sources or from selection tools available.
Faculty members make themselves available throughout the day to help with students' questions.
Faculty members make themselves available to students.
Faculty members make use of both techniques to teach surgery.
Faculty members manage the projects with assistance from qualified graduate assistants.
Faculty members meet frequently to co-ordinate assignments.
Faculty members meet regularly with school councils and share information.
Faculty members meet regularly with students in mentoring groups.
Faculty members meet the faculty guideline standards of the Boards of Nursing.
Faculty members meet together regularly to evaluate the program.
Faculty members meet with the assisstant dean in their area.
Faculty members nominate candidates each year.
Faculty members nominate their best sophomores and juniors majoring in English.
Faculty members notify the director when they begin to work on an individual proposal project.
Faculty members observe or review all student work and provide detailed critiques.
Faculty members offer assistance and consultation for instructional improvement.
Faculty members offer classroom presentations.
Faculty members offer constructive criticism of the performances.
Faculty members offer external consulting to companies on a wide variety of issues.
Faculty members offer help and guidance for the fifth-year interns' own art work.
Faculty members offer individual guidance in the preparation of the doctoral dissertation.
Faculty members offer their professional creative support and expertise.
Faculty members open the lab doors when their schedules allow.
Faculty members oversee regular room checks and assigned hall jobs.
Faculty members own the material that they hand over to the course vendors to put online.
Faculty members participate actively in basic, clinical, or health services research.
Faculty members participate actively in clinical and basic science research.
Faculty members participate as advisors to the club.
Faculty members participate in academic exchange programs throughout the year.
Faculty members participate in annual lecture series and do research at the facility.
Faculty members participate in many national and international cooperative groups.
Faculty members participate in the lottery for a second student only.
Faculty members participate in the lottery for their second student only .
Faculty members participate in the ongoing evaluation of academic administrators.
Faculty members participate in the selection of library materials.
Faculty members pay all charges that are billed to the library by commercial database vendors.
Faculty members perform frequently on campus in recitals and chamber music concerts.
Faculty members perform on campus and throughout the world.
Faculty members place either their own personal copy or a library book on reserve.
Faculty members place quite a few personal copies and photocopied materials on reserve.
Faculty members placing materials on reserve indicate the loan period for each item.
Faculty members play a critical role.
Faculty members play a key role in institutional and departmental assessment.
Faculty members play a large role in setting the tone of the partnership.
Faculty members play a major role in the selection of materials for the mathematics collection.
Faculty members play a role, but it is secondary.
Faculty members play a vital role in creating a positive climate for academic integrity.
Faculty members post their own office hours, or can be seen by appointment.
Faculty members prepare their proposals with the department head.
Faculty members present critical reviews of influential books from varying disciplines.
Faculty members present the awards and honors.
Faculty members present their current work as well.
Faculty members pride themselves on being wonderful teachers both inside and outside the classroom.
Faculty members pride themselves on covering a very broad range of history.
Faculty members pride themselves on leaving their office doors open to students.
Faculty members pride themselves on the individual attention they give to their students.
Faculty members promote methodological pluralism and progressive teaching practices.
Faculty members propose seminars each year.
Faculty members provide a buffet supper and drinks for all students and friends of the program.
Faculty members provide a wide range of academic experience and specialties.
Faculty members provide consultation services for the university and the general public.
Faculty members provide contact information at the first class session.
Faculty members provide graduate students with a wide range of academic and research opportunities.
Faculty members provide guidance and support to the students throughout the course of the program.
Faculty members provide guidance for students undertaking special research projects.
Faculty members provide guidance within the major and for post-graduation planning.
Faculty members provide individual assistance in discovering and developing students' abilities.
Faculty members provide operating room teaching.
Faculty members provide support through mail and telephone consultation.
Faculty members provide written comments on the paper to each student.
Faculty members publish papers in a wide variety of journals.
Faculty members pull needed slides utilizing a colored check out card system.
Faculty members pursue a variety of interests in sociology.
Faculty members pursue individual research grants that include funds for graduate assistantships.
Faculty members raise bail for the arrested students.
Faculty members receive a monthly stipend based on their regular salaries.
Faculty members receive feedback concerning their performance as teachers and advisors.
Faculty members receive full federal government service benefits.
Faculty members receive funds from various sources for the purpose of carrying out research.
Faculty members receive research grants for specific projects.
Faculty members receive separate payment for teaching an online course.
Faculty members receive training and support in the development of educational materials.
Faculty members recognize the importance of directing and responding to change.
Faculty members regard teaching as something that doesn t stop at the classroom door.
Faculty members relate particular subject matter to the issues of practical living.
Faculty members remain accountable after achieving tenure.
Faculty members remain current in the discipline.
Faculty members remember the co-ed debate.
Faculty members report a better grasp on students' needs and progress.
Faculty members report directly to the dean.
Faculty members report for work, and classes begin.
Faculty members report that they find learning communities challenging and stimulating.
Faculty members represent a full range of basic science and clinical specialty areas.
Faculty members represent all departments and ranks.
Faculty members represent undergraduate, graduate and professional schools.
Faculty members resign and retire.
Faculty members respect the confidential nature of the relationship between professor and student.
Faculty members retain control of the course content and associated field trips.
Faculty members retire, take sabbatical leave or move on to other institutions.
Faculty members review each course submitted for credit on an individual basis.
Faculty members rotate in and out of the class, but four are always assigned every semester.
Faculty members say that it has become commonplace for students to arrive late and talk out of turn.
Faculty members say they bring a different perspective and life experience.
Faculty members seek to find meaning in their teaching and research activities.
Faculty members seek to nurture students and go far beyond mere information delivery.
Faculty members seem to be very comfortable with the way it's organized.
Faculty members serve as academic advisers to students in their disciplines.
Faculty members serve as academic advisors to students.
Faculty members serve as academic advisors.
Faculty members serve as academic counselors and mentors.
Faculty members serve as advisers to degree candidates.
Faculty members serve as advisors and are involved with the organization.
Faculty members serve as advisors to students.
Faculty members serve as advisors to third and fourth-year students.
Faculty members serve as advisors.
Faculty members serve as advisory editors.
Faculty members serve as consultants and resource persons to seminar members.
Faculty members serve as consultants to industry.
Faculty members serve as mentors for students.
Faculty members serve as mentors for the program's students, who participate in special courses.
Faculty members serve as mentors to students.
Faculty members serve as mentors, advisors, seminar instructors, evaluators and role models.
Faculty members serve as officers in state, regional, and national associations.
Faculty members serve as primary advisers to students.
Faculty members serve as program advisors.
Faculty members serve as project mentors.
Faculty members serve as role models within the university, the profession, and the community.
Faculty members serve as student advisors through the academic years.
Faculty members serve as superb role models and are readily available when needed.
Faculty members serve as the primary advisers to students.
Faculty members serve for three years on an alternating basis.
Faculty members serve four-year terms.
Faculty members serve in advisory capacities.
Faculty members serve in many roles in national organizations.
Faculty members serve on a number of area agency boards and committees.
Faculty members serve on an array of commissions, boards, review panels, and advisory committees.
Faculty members serve on international, national, state, and local committees and advisory boards.
Faculty members serve only as advisors.
Faculty members serve staggered, three-year terms.
Faculty members serve three-year terms.
Faculty members serve three-year, rotating terms.
Faculty members share a common vision for the school.
Faculty members share festivals and foods from their own rich cultures.
Faculty members share their current research or present recently published works.
Faculty members share their perspectives.
Faculty members share their views on the importance of ethics.
Faculty members share works in progress.
Faculty members show middle school students the fun they can have using mathematics.
Faculty members specialize in and teach about China, Japan, South Asia, and Southeast Asia.
Faculty members specialize in Argentina, Brazil, the Caribbean, and Mexico.
Faculty members specify the loan periods of their reserves.
Faculty members spend much of their time conveying information.
Faculty members sponsor and advise independent and group study courses.
Faculty members start each day with prayer.
Faculty members stay active in their fields to keep their classes current with their fields.
Faculty members stay in their individual departments.
Faculty members strive for excellent teaching strengthened by scholarship and service.
Faculty members submit a mini-portfolio specific to a category.
Faculty members submit abstracts of projects on which they want to sponsor a student.
Faculty members submit applications anytime during the year to receive funding for their research.
Faculty members submit letter grades at the end of each semester.
Faculty members submit letter grades for all students registered for their classes.
Faculty members submit lists of needed materials.
Faculty members submit names of potential speakers.
Faculty members submit proposals based on the research agenda.
Faculty members submit proposals to the department head.
Faculty members supervise sessions that are conducted by graduate interns.
Faculty members supervise teaching by the residents.
Faculty members supervise the students, monitoring sessions and advising on therapies.
Faculty members support the student panelists and lend their perspective.
Faculty members take a personal interest in each student's curriculum and courses.
Faculty members take a personal interest in each student's curriculum.
Faculty members take a personal interest in their students and their students' successes.
Faculty members take direct responsibility for student outcomes.
Faculty members take great pride in the amount of time they devote to students outside class.
Faculty members take part in the lively dialogue.
Faculty members take that statement seriously.
Faculty members taking graduate credit hours are automatically tax exempt.
Faculty members teach all class levels without regard to academic length or service.
Faculty members teach all courses.
Faculty members teach and serve as academic advisors to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Faculty members teach for three periods and have one period for preparation time.
Faculty members teach in both the engineering technology and engineering degree programs.
Faculty members teach in liberal arts and applied disciplines.
Faculty members teach small class sizes and individualized instruction.
Faculty members teach, and supervise graduate student research.
Faculty members teaching combined courses explore and identify connections between their subjects.
Faculty members teaching the sequences are enthusiastic and generous with their time.
Faculty members tend to become inspired by the websites.
Faculty members tend to measure their success by the success of their students.
Faculty members transmit information to the students.
Faculty members travel and study abroad every year.
Faculty members understand the needs of students entering health professions.
Faculty members undertake three main tasks, service, teaching and research.
Faculty members use a wide variety of methods in their research.
Faculty members use the facility from time to time for individual scholarly efforts.
Faculty members use the system primarily for e-mail, and many use the Internet as a research tool.
Faculty members use various art historical methods in approaching their research.
Faculty members using the program can issue tests and hand-outs in Braille.
Faculty members view education as a continuous interactive process.
Faculty members view online instruction as just one more means to deliver quality content.
Faculty members view teaching as a key responsibility, and good teaching is valued and rewarded.
Faculty members view the nature and needs of humankind from a biblical perspective.
Faculty members welcome student inquiries regarding their academic programs.
Faculty members welcome student questions during office hours and beyond.
Faculty members win rave reviews.
Faculty members work at many off-campus field sites throughout Oregon.
Faculty members work closely with graduate students.
Faculty members work closely with students in coursework and in research.
Faculty members work closely with students in facilitating student travel abroad.
Faculty members work closely with teachers, schools, and the community to spearhead new programs.
Faculty members work directly with students in courses and in independent research.
Faculty members work hard to involve multiple learning opportunities for students.
Faculty members work in grade-level interdisciplinary teams to coordinate the instructional program.
Faculty members work in isolation.
Faculty members work in teams with one another and staff outside discipline.
Faculty members work individually within discipline.
Faculty members work together to develop curriculum in all areas.
Faculty members work with industrial partners on joint research and development projects.
Faculty members work with students both inside and outside of the classroom.
Faculty members work with students to find internship sites that best suit their needs.
Faculty members work with students to find opportunities.
Faculty members work with the community hour staff to develop events.
Faculty members write up recommendation for validation that become part of students' portfolios.
All faculty members accept the Bible as inerrant and the final authority in faith and practice.
All faculty members are active in both teaching and artistic or research activities.
All faculty members are active in performance or composition as well as scholarship.
All faculty members are active in research and direction of graduate student projects.
All faculty members are active in research, conference-going, and publishing.
All faculty members are active in the training program.
All faculty members are advisers to marketing majors and to student organizations on campus.
All faculty members are all active in funded and unfunded research.
All faculty members are also available by appointment.
All faculty members are available for extra help and conferences before and after school.
All faculty members are available individually for advising at any time within their schedules.
All faculty members are available to students for consultation.
All faculty members are board certified or board prepared in emergency medicine.
All faculty members are clinicians as well as academicians, and all are licensed and certified.
All faculty members are committed to excellent resident education.
All faculty members are either foreign qualified or educated at the best of the local institutions.
All faculty members are eligible and welcome to apply.
All faculty members are eligible for membership on a voluntary basis.
All faculty members are eligible to apply to the executive committee for advising faculty status.
All faculty members are eligible to apply.
All faculty members are eligible to participate in the plan of their choice.
All faculty members are eligible to purchase one faculty permit.
All faculty members are energetic and enthusiastic participants in the fellowship training program.
All faculty members are experts in their field.
All faculty members are graduate psychoanalysts or specialists in related professions.
All faculty members are highly qualified and have indicated a strong interest in teaching.
All faculty members are members first.
All faculty members are professionally active in the field of dance.
All faculty members are qualified for their course subjects and instructional level.
All faculty members are role models to their students .
All faculty members are subject to federal, state, and municipal income tax laws.
All faculty members are subject to the same criteria for research, publication, and service.
All faculty members are very active in research, and nationally and internationally well known.
All faculty members are welcome to attend.
All faculty members are welcome to participate.
All faculty members are welcome to present.
All faculty members are welcome.
All faculty members are willing to assist students with academic, vocational, and spiritual needs.
All faculty members are willing to assist.
All faculty members can now maintain their entire administrative efforts online.
All faculty members can serve as advisors.
All faculty members carry a full teaching load.
All faculty members come to the review with solid credentials and superior teaching skills.
All faculty members contribute to the discovery and dissemination of new knowledge.
All faculty members engage in research and consistently publish or present their findings.
All faculty members engage in research and publication in their respective fields.
All faculty members enhance their development with continuing education programs and performance.
All faculty members have a responsibility to accept assignment to registration duties.
All faculty members have a schedule of office hours posted.
All faculty members have a workstation and printer for their use.
All faculty members have academic appointments through the university.
All faculty members have active e-mail accounts.
All faculty members have active private practices.
All faculty members have advanced degrees in their fields and make teaching their first priority.
All faculty members have at least a Master's degree.
All faculty members have both extensive academic and teaching experience.
All faculty members have college degrees with several achieving graduate degrees.
All faculty members have computer workstations with Internet access in their offices.
All faculty members have computers with internet access and printer hook-ups.
All faculty members have degrees and certificates in dance.
All faculty members have direct contact with students through teaching.
All faculty members have experience in some area of accounting outside of teaching.
All faculty members have homepages, some with course materials.
All faculty members have law degrees and have experience as practitioners.
All faculty members have master's degrees or the equivalent in their respective disciplines.
All faculty members have office hours for the purpose of meeting with students in their classes.
All faculty members have office hours posted by their doors.
All faculty members have offices on the second floor as well.
All faculty members have open mailboxes in their department offices.
All faculty members have Ph.D. degrees which represent nine different institutions.
All faculty members have practical experience in public and private accounting.
All faculty members have previous experience teaching in public or private schools.
All faculty members have research and teaching assignments in varied proportions.
All faculty members have responsibility for recording the attendance and absence of their students.
All faculty members have teaching and service responsibilities as well as research activities.
All faculty members have teaching or service responsibilities as well as research activities.
All faculty members have the access to the Internet.
All faculty members have the obligation to teach well.
All faculty members have their own laboratories where graduate students can conduct their research.
All faculty members hold a doctorate degree and are actively involved in research.
All faculty members hold a master s or doctoral degree in the fields they teach.
All faculty members hold a professional degree in architecture or in civil engineering.
All faculty members hold advanced degrees.
All faculty members hold degrees from top universities in the country.
All faculty members hold doctoral degrees and have business experience.
All faculty members hold joint appointments with other departments or programs.
All faculty members hold Ph.D. degrees and most are directly involved in undergraduate teaching.
All faculty members hold positions in a particular department or program.
All faculty members hold regular office hours.
All faculty members hold terminal degrees and are experienced practitioners as well as teachers.
All faculty members hold the master's degree or an earned doctorate in their field.
All faculty members hold the Ph.D. degree.
All faculty members keep office hours and make themselves very accessible to students.
All faculty members observe regular office hours and are available by appointment.
All faculty members participate actively in the department s advising effort as needed.
All faculty members participate in an orientation during the week before the students arrive.
All faculty members participate in the assessments.
All faculty members participate in the program.
All faculty members provide special study materials for their courses.
All faculty members qualify for subsidized governmental housing.
All faculty members receive outside grant support for research activities with students.
All faculty members rotate as ward attending physicians for one month periods.
All faculty members see patients on a regular basis.
All faculty members serve as academic advisors.
All faculty members serve in a consulting capacity on different planning projects.
All faculty members subscribe to a statement of faith and responsibility.
All faculty members teach and advise students.
All faculty members teach and conduct research, working closely with students.
All faculty members teach both introductory and advanced courses.
All faculty members teach classes and regularly interact with students.
All faculty members teach courses in art history on both graduate and undergraduate levels.
All faculty members teach courses, advise students, and supervise student clinicians.
All faculty members teach undergraduates, which is different from many other universities.
All faculty members teaching at the graduate level have doctoral degrees.
All faculty members use the computer daily to communicate within the school.
All faculty members work either as freelance illustrators or run their own illustration businesses.
All faculty members work together as a team.
Any faculty member can ask for a web site.
Any faculty member can attend the budget hearings.
Any faculty member can help provide information on abstract deadlines and registration procedures.
Any faculty member can submit an entry.
Any faculty member can supervise such a course.
Any faculty member has the right to express a grievance without fear of loss of position or status.
Any faculty member is eligible for election as a senator.
Every faculty member accepts the plenary verbal inspiration of the Bible.
Every faculty member can give general advice regarding the overall curriculum.
Every faculty member contributes to every activity of the institute.
Every faculty member does student advising, every student is assigned a faculty advisor.
Every faculty member fills out the information.
Every faculty member has a network connection in their office.
Every faculty member has a personal network drive.
Every faculty member has a right to academic freedom and to having that freedom protected.
Every faculty member has access to a computer.
Every faculty member has adequate internal support and release time for scholarship and research.
Every faculty member has an available connection to the campus network.
Every faculty member has an email address, listed on the site.
Every faculty member has network connectivity that includes access to the Internet and e-mail.
Every faculty member has voice mail.
Every faculty member is a practicing artist.
Every faculty member is an advisor to students.
Every faculty member is an asset to the community as well as the university.
Every faculty member is available for counseling with students.
Every faculty member is entitled to an account on the CRC upon request.
Every faculty member is given a network account, accessed by a unique username and password.
Every faculty member is to keep a current attendance record on all students.
Every faculty member knows tonight that their work is respected.
Every faculty member researches and creates.
Every faculty member teaches at least one undergraduate and one graduate course each year.
Every faculty member teaches freshman liberal arts students as well as senior majors.
Many faculty members appreciate the importance of the pep band.
Many faculty members approach teaching academically-talented students with misconceptions.
Many faculty members are already familiar with how listserves work.
Many faculty members are also dorm parents.
Many faculty members are among the top scholars in their fields nationally.
Many faculty members are fluent in at least one foreign language.
Many faculty members are heavily involved in such research endeavors.
Many faculty members are mentors in less formal programs they often arrange themselves.
Many faculty members are opposed to allowing students internet access in class.
Many faculty members are very involved in civic, legal, or professional activities.
Many faculty members are well-known across the country as experts in their fields.
Many faculty members choose to practice part-time while teaching.
Many faculty members collaborate on projects outside their main field of interest shown below.
Many faculty members conduct field work.
Many faculty members conduct research that is funded at the federal level.
Many faculty members consider the old paradigm the only alternative.
Many faculty members continue to engage in practice in tandem with their faculty responsibilities.
Many faculty members contribute to research and scholarly writing.
Many faculty members create class assignments and tie projects into the event.
Many faculty members feel that operating the university weakens the effect of the strike.
Many faculty members feel that they are forced to learn new technology without much support.
Many faculty members find the timing and the method of delivery suspicious and disturbing.
Many faculty members have a wealth of contacts throughout the country and abroad.
Many faculty members have considerable background in industry.
Many faculty members have contacts with local and national business executives.
Many faculty members have extensive experience in practice that they bring into the classroom.
Many faculty members have extensive web sites as well, with their own links and resources.
Many faculty members have family at college or living far from home.
Many faculty members have international expertise.
Many faculty members have leading casebooks in their fields.
Many faculty members have links to personal profiles, email links, and other links of interest.
Many faculty members have ongoing research projects in which undergraduates can participate.
Many faculty members have ongoing research projects.
Many faculty members have research programs that cover more than one area.
Many faculty members have special training in developmental education.
Many faculty members have web pages that describe their research and teaching interests.
Many faculty members hire undergraduates as research assistants during the summer.
Many faculty members hold leadership positions in national and international organizations.
Many faculty members hold Ph.D. degrees in the field in which they teach.
Many faculty members implement specific software packages in their classes.
Many faculty members incorporate research-like activities in introductory courses as well.
Many faculty members lead field trips to events or locations relevant to their subject.
Many faculty members live on campus, thus contributing to the family-like environment.
Many faculty members lose interest in developing an application after it almost works.
Many faculty members offer courses carrying graduate credit in their areas of expertise.
Many faculty members place audiotapes on reserve for duplication.
Many faculty members place required class readings on reserve here.
Many faculty members provide the option of e-mail for lesson exchange.
Many faculty members serve as consultants to government, business and industry.
Many faculty members serve as consultants to government, business, and industry.
Many faculty members submit grants to multiple funding agencies.
Many faculty members teach several classes, serve office hours and have meetings to attend.
Many faculty members think a future web publication is a good idea.
Many faculty members treat their basic website as their main website.
Many faculty members use e-mail to communicate with their students.
Many faculty members use email to communicate with their students.
Many faculty members use the e-mail addresses which they all have.
Many faculty members welcome the opportunity to work with experienced, highly motivated adults.
Many faculty members write poetry and fiction.
Most faculty members are also accessible through e-mail.
Most faculty members are also available during their planning periods for student conferences.
Most faculty members are anxious to initiate a grade change in such circumstances.
Most faculty members are genuinely interested in the welfare of their students.
Most faculty members are here for the right reasons.
Most faculty members are individual practitioners.
Most faculty members are lawyers who have worked long enough to gain a reputation in their field.
Most faculty members are married.
Most faculty members are or have been editors or associate editors of major journals.
Most faculty members are self-taught and some basic skills training is needed.
Most faculty members are very supportive of women's presence in their courses.
Most faculty members attend and actively participate in discussions.
Most faculty members belong to more than one section.
Most faculty members can expect to teach the department's core public speaking course each semester.
Most faculty members conduct research and publish their findings on a regular basis.
Most faculty members do respond to students' comments.
Most faculty members enter their teaching career with little or no formal preparation to teach.
Most faculty members have access to graduate assistants and work-study students for help.
Most faculty members have advanced degrees.
Most faculty members have both a doctorate and business experience.
Most faculty members have computers with on-line enrollment and grade entry on their desktops.
Most faculty members have diverse interests and more than one ongoing research project.
Most faculty members have industrial and consulting experience in addition to Ph.D. degrees.
Most faculty members have industrial experience combined with advanced degrees.
Most faculty members have master s degrees, and many have or are earning doctorates.
Most faculty members have master's degrees and half have earned doctoral degrees.
Most faculty members have microcomputers in their offices and are connected for E-mail use.
Most faculty members have significant professional experience.
Most faculty members have their own research laboratories.
Most faculty members help students.
Most faculty members maintain an active clinical practice.
Most faculty members obtain financial support for their research from external sponsors.
Most faculty members remain active practitioners.
Most faculty members remain at the same institution from one year to the next.
Most faculty members rotate their teaching over time through all four programs.
Most faculty members teach every semester and many direct the work of several graduate students.
Most faculty members welcome prospective student in their classes.
Some faculty members advertise available positions on bulletin boards around the building.
Some faculty members are also aware of available internship programs.
Some faculty members are concerned about having their lectures tape- recorded.
Some faculty members are interested in having their publications on-line.
Some faculty members are natives of the countries whose languages and culture they teach.
Some faculty members are reluctant to infuse technology into their courses.
Some faculty members are resistant to using email.
Some faculty members are very dismayed when they see misspelled words and comma faults.
Some faculty members avoid interchange with corporate counterparts.
Some faculty members begin by using their e-mail accounts and posting syllabi on a web site.
Some faculty members believe strongly that media interviews are just part of the job.
Some faculty members believe the new term contracts threaten academic freedom.
Some faculty members belong to more than one section.
Some faculty members can offer paying jobs on research projects.
Some faculty members choose to list their entire vitas online.
Some faculty members conduct field research.
Some faculty members do research projects or contract consulting.
Some faculty members downplay the entire issue.
Some faculty members employ students as research assistants.
Some faculty members feel awkward soliciting feedback and reporting back to the class.
Some faculty members find it difficult to relate textbook teachings to the real world.
Some faculty members find that learning students names requires concentration and repetition.
Some faculty members hate administrators.
Some faculty members have home pages of their own.
Some faculty members have individual web pages.
Some faculty members have special wants or needs that go beyond the features of the standard model.
Some faculty members have their national meetings over break, as well.
Some faculty members have their own computer programs.
Some faculty members hold graduate level degrees.
Some faculty members leave a tenured position for a career outside academe.
Some faculty members maintain personal websites with more information on their work.
Some faculty members make life.
Some faculty members make several such assignments in the course of a semester or term.
Some faculty members make use of computer-generated visual presentations in class.
Some faculty members object on grounds of threats to departmental autonomy, or lack of resources.
Some faculty members offer a service learning project in lieu of some type of course work.
Some faculty members operate their own farm enterprises.
Some faculty members prefer that students keep journals in spiral-bound notebooks.
Some faculty members prefer to remove world access.
Some faculty members prefer using full sentences to describe their expertise.
Some faculty members put class materials, including sample tests and class notes on reserve.
Some faculty members question the limitations presented by accrediting agencies.
Some faculty members require centralized computing facilities to conduct their research.
Some faculty members say the change is needed.
Some faculty members suggest working on three projects in different stages at a time.
Some faculty members teach in more than one division of the school.
Some faculty members use it as a new-fangled blackboard and write as they lecture.
Some faculty members work in local businesses, art studios and nonprofit agencies.
Some faculty members work in the industry.
Some faculty members work staggered hours and teach classes at night and on weekends.
Some faculty members work staggered hours and teach night and weekend classes.
Faculty of science gives annually grants for advancing scientific work.
Faculty rank is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Faculty rank is contingent upon faculty review.
Faculty rank is negotiable.
Faculty Ranks are instructor, assistant professor, associate professor, and professor.
Faculty senate forms an ad hoc committee to look into the feasibility of an honors program.
Faculties also differ as to which school-leaving subjects are required.
Faculties also enjoy interactions with residents and medical students.
Faculties also have learning assistance centres .
Faculties are also learners and try to bring to the program effective pedagogy and scholarship.
Faculties are from various academic disciplines.
Faculties are generous enough to share and impart their knowledge to students.
Faculties are in full control of the internal distribution and use of their budgets.
Faculties are professional artists and graphic designers with experience as teachers and as artists.
Faculties are reluctant to report students for cheating.
Faculties are responsible for all revenue and managing direct expenses.
Faculties are responsible for determining timetables.
Faculties are the pivotal resource around which postsecondary education revolves.
Faculties are to enter discretionary judgements in the enrolment comments screen in Merlin.
Faculties can develop groupthink.
Faculties can select the operating system and applications, which run in labs.
Faculties change too rapidly to pursue any sort of sustained improvement strategy.
Faculties Find out about the six faculties at our university.
Faculties have borrowing privileges too.
Faculties have many reasons to be alarmed by such trends, of course.
Faculties naturally tend to resist change in pedagogy and curriculum.
Faculties now depend on overhead revenues for a significant portion of their overall budgets.
Faculties organise parents evenings following the circulation of reports.
Faculties set rules for final receipt of student marks at the end of semesters.
Faculties specify the maximum credit allowable and publish guidelines.
Faculties teach all classes.
Faculties use telecommunication and technology in the classroom.
Faculty accept their share of faculty responsibilities for the governance of their institution.
Faculty accept undergraduates and graduate students as research participants.
Faculty accomplish few pieces of traditional university business.
Faculty accrue sick leave only.
Faculty achieve high publishing productivity ranking.
Faculty act more as resources with student-initiated learning contributions.
Faculty actively engage students in the learning process.
Faculty actively engage with students in clinical practice and scholarly projects.
Faculty actively participate in resident training.
Faculty actively participate in the public debate on a variety of educational questions.
Faculty actively partner with students on advising, research, and mentoring.
Faculty actively tutor residents requiring individual assistance.
Faculty acts as the guide.
Faculty actually teach the classes and the associated laboratories .
Faculty add, remove, and modify external links through the course control panel .
Faculty addresses advising deficiencies.
Faculty adopts policy on outside speakers.
Faculty advises on experimental design, lab techniques and testing the experiments.
Faculty agree that getting off to a good start is critical.
Faculty already carry out most of the above activities.
Faculty also advise and guide students in their projects.
Faculty also are responsible for the training of stdudents in medical epidemiology.
Faculty also assess students' skills in communication during the student teaching experience.
Faculty also assist graduate students in their scholarly projects or thesis completion.
Faculty also attempt to keep abreast of openings and to encourage qualified students to apply.
Faculty also believe in an open door policy and post ample office hours.
Faculty also benefit by having more informed, better prepared students.
Faculty also benefit enormously from interdisciplinary work.
Faculty also benefit from student assistance developing online course materials.
Faculty also benefit from the collaboration.
Faculty also benefit from the program.
Faculty also benefit.
Faculty also bring solid industrial work experience to the classroom.
Faculty also can assist students with job placement through their business and industry contacts.
Faculty also can become members.
Faculty also can get out into business in internships.
Faculty also can use the time abroad to pursue their research and writing interests.
Faculty also can work with colleagues there.
Faculty also collaborate in the selection and, when necessary, reduction of serials titles.
Faculty also collaborate on research.
Faculty also compete for access to the limited computer laboratory time.
Faculty also draw on each other for ideas about teaching and research.
Faculty also encourage students to actively participate in their education and interact with peers.
Faculty also gain an opportunity for continued scholarly growth.
Faculty also have a local printer in their office.
Faculty also have access to laptops for research-related travel.
Faculty also have access to the open lab.
Faculty also have the option of including articles they've written.
Faculty also have the option of renting regalia.
Faculty also have the option to place items on electronic reserve.
Faculty also have their own discussion board.
Faculty also have v-mail to make it easy for students and faculty to communicate with one another.
Faculty also hold classes at the center, and students gather there for meetings or to study.
Faculty also is busy with presentations.
Faculty also lead in understanding interlinked supply chains in the age of electronic commerce.
Faculty also list their research interests and publications on their individual web pages .
Faculty also maintain a math help room available many hours a week.
Faculty also maintain close contact with field supervisors.
Faculty also maintain political influence over one another.
Faculty also mentor students in treatment teams.
Faculty also nominate students for awards.
Faculty also nominate students.
Faculty also offer research assistantships to students for work in specific research projects.
Faculty also offer seminars on special topics in cognition that change from year to year.
Faculty also participate in other tracks within the program.
Faculty also participate in the interdisciplinary Ph.D. program.
Faculty also participate in the off-site professional development activities.
Faculty also participate in various area high school language and culture fairs.
Faculty also participate, discussing career opportunities in their respective departments.
Faculty also plan to eventually offer a major in biomedical engineering to undergraduates as well.
Faculty also play a central role in advising students about graduate school.
Faculty also play a pivotal role in advising both undergraduate and graduate students.
Faculty also provide emotional support and make special assessments.
Faculty also provide leadership for many student organizations.
Faculty also provide links on their pages to other sites.
Faculty also publish poetry, fiction, and drama.
Faculty also receive credit for assuming administrative responsibilities.
Faculty also receive stipends for their involvement.
Faculty also request guest speakers in careers related to their classes.
Faculty also review all EKGs.
Faculty also review for a number of scholarly journals and publishers.
Faculty also see patients at community locations.
Faculty also seek to invigorate the learning environment through innovative uses of technology.
Faculty also serve as academic and career advisers.
Faculty also serve as advisers on choosing courses and mapping out career paths.
Faculty also serve as clinical supervisors.
Faculty also serve as mentors and work closely with students on research and applied projects.
Faculty also serve as the referees for peer review processes, usually without compensation.
Faculty also serve at the helm of several respected journals.
Faculty also serve in an advocacy role for students when it is deemed appropriate to do so.
Faculty also serve on departmental, college, university, and professional committees.
Faculty also serve on editorial boards of major professional computing journals.
Faculty also serve on editorial review boards and national and international conferences.
Faculty also spend time planning for instruction.
Faculty also structure the students' learning environment to create a community of learners.
Faculty also support and model integration of technology across the curriculum.
Faculty also teach introductory courses in American government or political science.
Faculty also train graduate students from several fields using a multidisciplinary approach.
Faculty also travel between Spokane and Seattle to maintain continuity in didactic programs.
Faculty also use a team approach to direct student projects.
Faculty also use digital image collections to provide visual imagery of biological materials.
Faculty also use the collection but the emphasis is on undergraduate student needs.
Faculty also use the facility to teach classes.
Faculty also use the Internet to support telecourses and traditional instruction.
Faculty also work closely with the students, trying to foster a sense of community and belonging.
Faculty also work with local universities to develop an investigative journalism curriculum.
Faculty analyze the experiences and provide feedback and guidance.
Faculty announce availability in class.
Faculty appear to have mixed feelings regarding administrators at the university.
Faculty applying for promotion or tenure submit vita and scholarly products for external review.
Faculty appreciate and are able to accommodate such requests when given at least a week's notice.
Faculty appreciate it.
Faculty appreciate reading papers that have been through at least one revision.
Faculty appreciate the direct billing of tickets.
Faculty appreciate the life experiences and perspectives older student bring to the classroom.
Faculty appreciates knowing what is available and can be done for their courses.
Faculty are a blend of senior and youthful investigators.
Faculty are a crucial resource for advice and information about graduate programs and preparation.
Faculty are a key component.
Faculty are a key resource and our major source of distinctiveness.
Faculty are a prime resource within the university.
Faculty are a resource of technical expertise for industry and government laboratories.
Faculty are a rich source of information and networking connections.
Faculty are able to develop materials for on-line or web assisted courses.
Faculty are able to purchase hangtags through payroll deduction.
Faculty are able to remain current in their fields and to direct research contracts and grants.
Faculty are able to similarly copy portions of material for classroom distribution and use.
Faculty are able to teach to other sites.
Faculty are academically credentialed business professionals Fully accredited program.
Faculty are accessible and encourage ongoing dialogue.
Faculty are accessible and provide convenient office hours to work with students.
Faculty are accessible and willing to take the time to answer students questions.
Faculty are accessible to students beyond the classroom.
Faculty are accessible to students for consultation.
Faculty are accessible, and have lots of interaction with students.
Faculty are accessible, both before and after class and by appointment.
Faculty are accountable for the learning that takes place in the classroom.
Faculty are active consultants and researchers, enhancing the contemporary nature of their classes.
Faculty are active in Israeli literary and cultural life.
Faculty are active in patient care and clinical and basic research.
Faculty are active in patient care and, clinical and basic research.
Faculty are active in publication, research, and other scholarly activity.
Faculty are active in publishing their research in prestigious journals and presses.
Faculty are active in research and in the profession.
Faculty are active in securing public and private grants to support educational programs.
Faculty are active in their discipline and involve students in their professional research.
Faculty are active members of a wide variety of natural resource professional organizations.
Faculty are active on local, provincial, national and international areas.
Faculty are active participants in the program.
Faculty are active participants in the programs.
Faculty are active professionally in organizations that span the academic disciplines.
Faculty are all experienced clinicians from several departments.
Faculty are also accessible through electronic mail or fax.
Faculty are also active and hold leadership roles in professional organizations .
Faculty are also active and hold leadership roles in professional organizations.
Faculty are also active in research.
Faculty are also active in respective professional organizations.
Faculty are also active in undergraduate teaching.
Faculty are also active on the advisory boards of many pharmaceutical companies.
Faculty are also available by appointment .
Faculty are also available by individual appointment.
Faculty are also available by phone during office hours or by voicemail.
Faculty are also available by telephone, usually through a pre-arranged appointment.
Faculty are also available for career advising.
Faculty are also available for counseling and academic assistance.
Faculty are also available to assist students in determining an appropriate program of study.
Faculty are also available to meet with individual prospective students.
Faculty are also available to provide career guidance.
Faculty are also available to schedule appointments to meet with individual prospective students.
Faculty are also eligible for Associate membership.
Faculty are also engaged in methodologic research related to statistical methods.
Faculty are also enriched as they learn from each other and from their students.
Faculty are also enthusiastic participants in a variety of interdisciplinary programs.
Faculty are also free to seek permission themselves.
Faculty are also happy to answer questions on issues of health and health science.
Faculty are also heavily involved in their research.
Faculty are also on the list to present.
Faculty are also responsible for curriculum development.
Faculty are also very involved with a substantial number of professional organizations.
Faculty are also welcome to attend any or all of the sessions.
Faculty are always accessible for guidance and advice.
Faculty are always accessible.
Faculty are always available to answer questions.
Faculty are always welcome to telephone or to drop by the library to request individual titles.
Faculty are ambivalent about the value of objectives.
Faculty are American faculty.
Faculty are among the most important ingredient to any academic environment.
Faculty are an important source of letters of recommendation.
Faculty are an integral part of the team in carrying out the enrollment management strategy.
Faculty are approachable and usually available after class and during office hours.
Faculty are at the center of discussions about higher education reform.
Faculty are at the heart of our institution's instructional roles.
Faculty are available and interested in student learning.
Faculty are available at all times for backup.
Faculty are available by phone, e-mail, chat line and fax.
Faculty are available during office hours.
Faculty are available during scheduled office hours to advise students about courses and programs .
Faculty are available during scheduled office hours to advise students about their courses.
Faculty are available during their office hours or by appointment.
Faculty are available every day to assist residents with patient care.
Faculty are available for advice on careers and graduate school.
Faculty are available for advisement through individual appointments and during their office hours.
Faculty are available for advising during their posted office hours or by appointment.
Faculty are available for advising students concerning their progress and future goals.
Faculty are available for assisting students, and the laboratory is available for after-hours study.
Faculty are available for both daytime and night students.
Faculty are available for career advising as well as academic assistance outside of the classroom.
Faculty are available for consultation before and after class and by telephone.
Faculty are available for consultation by appointment on campus and by telephone.
Faculty are available for consultation during scheduled telephone office hours or via e-mail.
Faculty are available for consultation.
Faculty are available for extra help beyond the compulsory tutorial period.
Faculty are available for food safety presentations.
Faculty are available for guidance throughout the course by phone, fax or e-mail.
Faculty are available for students seeking advice in planning a sequence.
Faculty are available for tutorials and telephone conferences on a regular basis between weekends.
Faculty are available in each credential and degree program to advise students as needed.
Faculty are available in person and through electronic mail.
Faculty are available in person or in virtual classroom format.
Faculty are available outside of classes to assist and advise students.
Faculty are available to advise prospective students upon request.
Faculty are available to answer questions and clarify issues.
Faculty are available to confer with students, according to posted office hours.
Faculty are available to discuss the many possibilities for self-defined concentrations.
Faculty are available to discuss the various programs with prospective students.
Faculty are available to instruct, lead, and support student efforts.
Faculty are available to provide academic advising.
Faculty are available to provide expertise and guidance in instruction and learning processes.
Faculty are available to provide participant training, analyze data, and prepare formal reports.
Faculty are available to serve as advisors to residents with research interests.
Faculty are available to students and welcome visits.
Faculty are available to students to assist in every phase of their educational experience.
Faculty are available to supervise the students during their lab experience.
Faculty are available to the preceptor to provide further guidance.
Faculty are available to work on projects, research and career plans.
Faculty are available via e-mail and by appointment.
Faculty are aware of our lack of a budget re-allocation mechanism.
Faculty are aware of the courses that most students are in at a given time.
Faculty are busy and can get distracted.
Faculty are busy people.
Faculty are catalysts for ensuring productive involvement in international affairs.
Faculty are central in all higher education endeavors.
Faculty are coaches.
Faculty are college professors and practicing professionals.
Faculty are concerned about both academic and personal growth.
Faculty are concerned about content of Constitution and want to be involved in amendment process.
Faculty are concerned about the way in which the administration handled the situation.
Faculty are critical of the requirement.
Faculty are currently in no way limited from adding material to their annual evaluation files.
Faculty are currently in the process of ordering children's books for the new library.
Faculty are eligible after five years of employment.
Faculty are eligible for a new computer through the program every three years.
Faculty are eligible for benefits upon enrollment in eligible benefits programs.
Faculty are eligible for life, disability, health and dental insurance programs.
Faculty are eligible for one grant per academic year, depending on the number of applicants.
Faculty are eligible for only one category of award.
Faculty are eligible for re-election.
Faculty are eligible to apply for borrowing privileges for their spouses.
Faculty are eligible to apply for only one minigrant each fiscal year.
Faculty are eligible to apply for small stipends to cover travel to professional meetings.
Faculty are eligible to apply.
Faculty are eligible to receive one conference travel grant in a three-year period.
Faculty are eligible to receive only one award during their probationary years.
Faculty are eligible.
Faculty are encourage to come with a dessert dish.
Faculty are encouraged to develop agency partnerships, meeting needs that they find.
Faculty are enthusiastic and have a diverse range of expertise.
Faculty are especially cooperative about promptly returning books needed by students.
Faculty are especially eager to see students who are having difficulties in the class.
Faculty are especially encouraged.
Faculty are exempt employees under the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Faculty are exempt from overdue fees.
Faculty are exempt from paying overdue fines.
Faculty are experts and entrepreneurs who actively apply business models.
Faculty are experts at changing and adapting.
Faculty are experts in their fields and have well-established industry relationships.
Faculty are experts in their subject area and teach.
Faculty are facilitators who provide direction and expertise.
Faculty are fair and unbiased in their treatment of individual students.
Faculty are free to create pages in any format that supports their instructional needs.
Faculty are free to have unlimited copies of their own copyrighted work.
Faculty are free to use any form or technique they choose to evaluate student speeches.
Faculty are frequent speakers at local, state, national and international conferences.
Faculty are friendly.
Faculty are from all over the world.
Faculty are fully responsible for control of the proxy card and for materals checked out with it.
Faculty are generally available for consultation and help.
Faculty are generally available for consultation during evening hours as well.
Faculty are generally opposed to the recommendation.
Faculty are generally pleased with the model created.
Faculty are generally satisfied with their current instructional methods.
Faculty are generally unavailable after spring semester finals end.
Faculty are glad to help people.
Faculty are graduates from North America's outstanding geography departments.
Faculty are happy to discuss their research.
Faculty are happy to have a policy for their classes.
Faculty are hesitant to switch to a different building.
Faculty are higher education's front line.
Faculty are highly accredited instructors.
Faculty are highly committed to effective teaching, scholarship, and service.
Faculty are highly qualified as clinical experts and as professional scholars.
Faculty are highly qualified with a strong reputation for scholarship and leadership in nursing.
Faculty are highly qualified, teaching subjects inwhich they have years of practical expertise.
Faculty are highly qualified.
Faculty are highly skilled, caring individuals.
Faculty are highly trained educators with extensive professional and academic experience.
Faculty are important resources for several reasone.
Faculty are in general agreement that ouside noise is a problem.
Faculty are in residence in Nepal and Zimbabwe.
Faculty are in the best position to ensure the academic quality of distance learning programs.
Faculty are in the process of preparing their policies now.
Faculty are including critical thinking components in teaching activities.
Faculty are inherently skeptical and inquisitive, cynical, and want to be left alone.
Faculty are interested in seeing their research and scholarship represented in the magazine.
Faculty are interested in talking with students and advising independent research or study plans.
Faculty are interested in urban processes both in developed and developing regional settings.
Faculty are internationally renowned experts from many fields.
Faculty are key to successful utilization of instructional and distance education technologies.
Faculty are knowledgeable, dedicated and committed to active learning.
Faculty are largely responsible for instructional curricula and for research direction.
Faculty are lately more amenable to sending an email recommendation letter.
Faculty are learners too.
Faculty are least positive about their workloads, which they view as increasing.
Faculty are less loyal to institutions, as are institutions to their faculties.
Faculty are members of residential colleges, too.
Faculty are more like coaches now, facilitators oflearning.
Faculty are more likely to move a borderline student up to the next higher grade with such a system.
Faculty are more peripatetic.
Faculty are more than just instructors.
Faculty are more willing to teach in labs if they are located near their offices.
Faculty are most often role models for college students.
Faculty are most visible to undergraduates when they are teaching.
Faculty are nationally and internationally recognized leaders in their respective fields.
Faculty are never under any obligation to sign a late add form.
Faculty are no more alike in their learning styles than their students.
Faculty are Norwegian with one visiting American professor per semester.
Faculty are obviously aware of the quality and relevance of each journal.
Faculty are often available for thesis or directed research work during the summer.
Faculty are often excellent resources on programs abroad.
Faculty are often pleased to see the president wander by.
Faculty are often reluctant to attend training classes.
Faculty are often the best marketers of their invention.
Faculty are often the first point of contact for students in emotional difficulty.
Faculty are often unavailable to fulfill their mentor roles.
Faculty are on campus all day during the academic semester.
Faculty are on twenty-four hour call to assist students any time during the day or night.
Faculty are only eligible for an award once every four years.
Faculty are only eligible for reduced fee as regularly admitted students.
Faculty are open to e-mail and phone messages.
Faculty are our most important recruiters.
Faculty are our subject matter experts.
Faculty are outstanding teachers and scholars.
Faculty are overwhelmingly opposed to the proposal.
Faculty are pleased to advise students on their choice of electives.
Faculty are pleased to support the healthcare community of Central Florida.
Faculty are practitioners with real-life experience in their specialty areas.
Faculty are present all day in the studios.
Faculty are present and participate in every gynecologic surgical procedure.
Faculty are present during all hands-on sessions.
Faculty are present for mentoring learners.
Faculty are present on campus during the normal work week.
Faculty are probably beyond hope.
Faculty are professionally active and vigorously continue their research and publication.
Faculty are professionals from local business and nonprofit organizations.
Faculty are professionals in the fields of interior design, architecture, and computer programming.
Faculty are professionals who bring the real world to the classroom.
Faculty are readily accessible to students outside of class.
Faculty are readily available during office hours.
Faculty are readily available for advising and consultation.
Faculty are readily available for consultation.
Faculty are readily available for research advice and guidance.
Faculty are readily available to meet with students outside of class.
Faculty are readily available to students by multiple means.
Faculty are readily available to students, frequently taking part in most community functions.
Faculty are really interested in the subjects they teach.
Faculty are reluctant to report students for cheating.
Faculty are reluctant to take action against suspected cheaters.
Faculty are research-active and committed to individualized attention to students.
Faculty are responsible for all materials checked out on their record.
Faculty are responsible for answering questions about specific assignments and software.
Faculty are responsible for any instructional pages they generate for their courses.
Faculty are responsible for any late charges.
Faculty are responsible for backing up their own desktop computers.
Faculty are responsible for borrowed material until the items are returned to the lending library.
Faculty are responsible for costs associated with travel, food, and housing.
Faculty are responsible for creating a backup of their course.
Faculty are responsible for determining the research design and conducting the research.
Faculty are responsible for fair grading practices and prompt submission of grades.
Faculty are responsible for fair grading practices.
Faculty are responsible for following through on all arrangements associated with their proposal.
Faculty are responsible for informing students about their unique setups.
Faculty are responsible for informing students how to use the software.
Faculty are responsible for instructions to their classes.
Faculty are responsible for introducing their students to basic use of the library.
Faculty are responsible for lost or damaged materials.
Faculty are responsible for making arrangements for their students with such impairments.
Faculty are responsible for making copies.
Faculty are responsible for making every reasonable effort to foster academic conduct.
Faculty are responsible for monitoring virus protection software on their own computer.
Faculty are responsible for notifying students that contractual arrangements are in place.
Faculty are responsible for notifying the circulation staff to reactivate course materials.
Faculty are responsible for pick up and delivery of the computer cart systems.
Faculty are responsible for picking up and returning all audio visual materials borrowed.
Faculty are responsible for picking up, setting up, taking down, and bringing back the equipment.
Faculty are responsible for preparing the examinations for their courses and determining the grades.
Faculty are responsible for preventing , detecting , and reporting academic dishonesty.
Faculty are responsible for providing career advising.
Faculty are responsible for providing clinical placements for students.
Faculty are responsible for providing guidance in all aspects of clinical case management.
Faculty are responsible for selecting texts for single-section courses.
Faculty are responsible for set-up and return of all equipment.
Faculty are responsible for shaping and evaluating curricula.
Faculty are responsible for stating in the course syllabus policies for attendance in class.
Faculty are responsible for the development of the plans in their departments.
Faculty are responsible for the development of their course materials.
Faculty are responsible for their own living expenses.
Faculty are responsible for their own pages.
Faculty are responsible for trouble shooting software problems with their students.
Faculty are responsible for utilities.
Faculty are responsible for videos checked out with their authorization.
Faculty are responsible only for maintaining content.
Faculty are responsive to changing health care needs and changing roles of nurses within society.
Faculty are responsive to students' needs.
Faculty are routinely accessible outside of class for individual student questions and conversation.
Faculty are sensitive and responsive to work and family obligations.
Faculty are sensitive to the needs of students with families.
Faculty are serious about treating male and female students equally.
Faculty are solely responsible for assigning students grades in courses.
Faculty are specialists in computer graphics, creative design, fashion design and interior design.
Faculty are specialists in the skills and methods of print culture.
Faculty are specialists in their field as well as practicing dentists.
Faculty are specialists in various disciplines.
Faculty are still as good and as caring.
Faculty are still in favor of a full benefit.
Faculty are still poor teachers, but the rest makes it worth it.
Faculty are strongly committed to teaching.
Faculty are student oriented and work closely with students in the teaching and advising process.
Faculty are subject to all recall and reserve loan policies .
Faculty are subject to the same fines as other borrowers, and there is no grace period.
Faculty are successful professionals with real-world experience.
Faculty are teachers, practitioners and scholars.
Faculty are the best references for graduate schools.
Faculty are the content experts and as researchers, they are constantly creating new knowledge.
Faculty are the core.
Faculty are the experts in their field.
Faculty are the foundation upon which any great university is built.
Faculty are the heart and soul.
Faculty are the heart of any great school.
Faculty are the key to any strong academic unit, be it department, college or university level.
Faculty are the key to high quality programs.
Faculty are the most important at any college.
Faculty are the most important resource of any college.
Faculty are the ones that know the curriculum.
Faculty are the people that implement many policies.
Faculty are the primary agents of delivering academic advisement.
Faculty are the primary audience and staff and students are invited as well.
Faculty are the principal custodians of knowledge in any community of learners.
Faculty are the resource people and evaluators.
Faculty are then under pressure to lower standards and therefore the value of the degree.
Faculty are there as a resource.
Faculty are there to help students take advantage of the resouces on campus.
Faculty are to accept the responsibility for discouraging cheating.
Faculty are to be given individual notice of at least six month of intent to evaluate.
Faculty are to make clear the consequences of dishonest work on final grades.
Faculty are to perform their grading duties in a timely manner.
Faculty are to provide quality instruction, leadership, and support student academic efforts.
Faculty are to retain copies of exams for one semester after a course is offered.
Faculty are to serve as models of academic honesty.
Faculty are to take part accordingly.
Faculty are too busy to reflect much on a scholarship of teaching.
Faculty are too busy with other activities.
Faculty are too concerned with research to the detriment of their teaching effectiveness.
Faculty are typically clergy from a number of religions and denominations.
Faculty are unable to test instructional applications on their office computers.
Faculty are unable to withdraw students via web.
Faculty are unclassified, so are GTFs and student assistants.
Faculty are under no obligation to accommodate students who arrive late.
Faculty are under no obligation to allow or facilitate make-up work for any absences.
Faculty are under no obligation to make any exceptions.
Faculty are under no obligation to make special arrangements for students who are absent.
Faculty are understandably concerned about being replaced by electronic media.
Faculty are understandably leery of teaching in fields outside their own expertise.
Faculty are understanding of students' unique life circumstances.
Faculty are upset that the situation is being publicly misrepresented by the administration.
Faculty are usually available after class and during office hours.
Faculty are usually available for brief questions.
Faculty are usually unavailable to review project material during finals week or interim periods.
Faculty are usually unavailable to review thesis material during finals week or interim periods.
Faculty are usually very willing to try and work out problems.
Faculty are usually very willing to write recommendations.
Faculty are usually well-trained on how to document research and publication activities.
Faculty are very caring and knowledgeable.
Faculty are very dedicated and offered lots of help.
Faculty are very involved with students and the other members of the faculty team.
Faculty are very mobile workers.
Faculty are very serious about their academic disciplines.
Faculty are very supportive.
Faculty are very willing to assist with any problem or answer any question.
Faculty are welcome and are encouraged to attend.
Faculty are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Faculty are welcome as well.
Faculty are welcome to attend all meetings as their schedules permit.
Faculty are welcome to attend either class or discussion or both.
Faculty are welcome to attend only the discussion.
Faculty are welcome to attend.
Faculty are welcome to maintain a small personal supply of bulbs as well.
Faculty are welcome to make appropriate copies as needed.
Faculty are welcome to make whatever requests they think are appropriate.
Faculty are welcome to modify and augment the slides as they see fit.
Faculty are welcome to participate in the event.
Faculty are welcome to request any of our print, video and handout materials for classroom use.
Faculty are welcome to sponsor more than one applicant in a given year.
Faculty are welcome to sponsor more than one applicant in any given year.
Faculty are welcome to submit proposals for several different projects if they so desire.
Faculty are welcome to the ceremony and the reception following the event.
Faculty are welcome.
Faculty are well established physician clinicians and educators as well as attorney moderators.
Faculty are well prepared and have the reputation of being excellent teachers.
Faculty are well qualified and are committed to teaching students how to be excellent nurses.
Faculty are well qualified and clinically expert in their fields.
Faculty are well qualified in their professional areas of expertise.
Faculty are well qualified to teach and modify curriculum.
Faculty are well-known and respected leaders in their chosen fields.
Faculty are willing to admit they have a few things to learn from teachers.
Faculty are world-class educators and researchers dedicated to undergraduate teaching.
Faculty are, by definition, exempt and ineligible for overtime .
Faculty ask three questions when they start to develop an online course.
Faculty assemble in a column of twos.
Faculty assess the portfolio and determine whether credit is to be awarded.
Faculty assess whether changes lead to intended improvement in learning.
Faculty assign the final grade of satisfactory or fail.
Faculty assigns individual video tasks to students in the video lab.
Faculty assigns written work for the purpose of helping students achieve that mark.
Faculty assist each fellow to design curriculum to meet individual needs.
Faculty assist in determining a sequence and selection of courses suited to individual concerns.
Faculty assist international business schools in learning to write and teach with business cases.
Faculty assist students in developing appropriate strategies to overcome any deficiencies noted.
Faculty assist students in identifying agencies that best match their learning interests.
Faculty assist students in locating appropriate internship sites.
Faculty assist students in locating appropriate internships and placements after graduation.
Faculty assist students in Preceptorship placement.
Faculty assist students to apply to internships best suited to their needs and abilities.
Faculty assist with planning and documentation.
Faculty assists all students in finding employment in area commercial dental laboratories.
Faculty assists students in establishing career goals.
Faculty associated to shorter blocks can attend shorter segments of the summer session.
Faculty associated with the program have several applicable projects.
Faculty assume ultimate responsibility for assignment of grades.
Faculty assumes student familiarity with both.
Faculty attend and teach at all surgical procedures.
Faculty attend free.
Faculty attend meetings in each area in which they are advising one or more students.
Faculty attend two orientation sessions prior to working with their intern teams.
Faculty attending physicians and senior residents supervise interns.
Faculty become involved with individuals who are both students and community leaders.
Faculty become much more creative in designing and assessing their course.
Faculty become resources for the learning of the participants.
Faculty begin the process of re-designing some of their existing courseware.
Faculty begin to believe that the administration's commitment to reform is more than mere words.
Faculty begin writing outcomes.
Faculty believe in writing requirements because they believe in students.
Faculty believe in writing requirements because they know writing is difficult.
Faculty believe otherwise.
Faculty believe research is given too high a value.
Faculty believe that chairs and deans are to blame.
Faculty believe that distance teaching experience improves their traditional teaching as well.
Faculty believe that their overall compensation is pretty low.
Faculty believe that their productivity has changed.
Faculty believe that, too.
Faculty blend both research and work experiences in to the classroom to enrich student knowledge.
Faculty bring a wealth of job experience from both the private and public sector.
Faculty bring diversified knowledge, skills, and interests to the learning environment.
Faculty bring students into their research efforts.
Faculty bring their experience and professional talents to the classroom everyday.
Faculty bring to class the benefit of their research and their consulting experience.
Faculty bring to the classroom significant business and work experience.
Faculty bring to the project of archive-building a clear notion of their pedagogic goals.
Faculty brings additional classroom materials to the library where they are kept for student access.
Faculty can access a summary of the available classtalk questions as they plan their lectures.
Faculty can access course folders from their office computers.
Faculty can access the test results to check when students took the test and how they performed.
Faculty can act in an advisory capacity only.
Faculty can adapt to exact needs of students during discussion.
Faculty can add new questions.
Faculty can advise students of opportunities.
Faculty can also access the pictures and information of students in past classes.
Faculty can also arrange for student orientation by contacting the reference desk.
Faculty can also arrange to have consultants videotape speech activities in their classes.
Faculty can also become discussion leaders themselves.
Faculty can also choose to activate or deactivate their class pages.
Faculty can also convey information and messages to graduate students via the list.
Faculty can also download the class roll for grade books.
Faculty can also earn summer salary for grant work accomplished during the summer months.
Faculty can also edit their personal page on the web site using the faculty page form .
Faculty can also excite students about learning.
Faculty can also have personal books or magazines placed on reserve.
Faculty can also help by selling the value of the plan to legislators.
Faculty can also link directly from their own course web pages to electronic reserve items.
Faculty can also manage their own course pages.
Faculty can also nominate students.
Faculty can also obtain class accounts, for use in graduate or undergraduate courses.
Faculty can also obtain overheads to accompany the notes.
Faculty can also participate through an Interchange account.
Faculty can also provide a link to the Electronic Reserves on their course web site.
Faculty can also provide convenient access to class resources for their traditional courses.
Faculty can also put their materials on reserve in our print collection.
Faculty can also refer a student who's having difficulties.
Faculty can also request accounts for their students.
Faculty can also request information from students in advance of the first class.
Faculty can also request printed copies of the lists.
Faculty can also request specific presentations for their classes.
Faculty can also request storage for students currently enrolled in language classes.
Faculty can also reserve computing labs to teach technology enhanced classes.
Faculty can also schedule a library lecture designed specially for their class.
Faculty can also search for funding opportunities.
Faculty can also see the sales records for their texts from the previous semester.
Faculty can also seek out librarians to work with for information instruction.
Faculty can also serve as excellent mentors for undergraduates.
Faculty can also show their effectiveness through a portfolio of information.
Faculty can also suggest project ideas.
Faculty can also suggest purchases for the general collection.
Faculty can also transfer computer graphics to slides and overheads.
Faculty can also use groups as a way to distribute course-specific information.
Faculty can also use the programs in class on a computer connected to a LCD projector.
Faculty can also use the vehicles from the state's central garage.
Faculty can also work to change the tenure culture to emphasize quality over quantity.
Faculty can answer physics questions.
Faculty can answer questions on physics.
Faculty can apply for and receive class rosters or submit grades through the computer.
Faculty can apply for both.
Faculty can apply for campus grants to develop other leadership programs.
Faculty can arrange for classroom delivery of the following equipment.
Faculty can arrange for customized instruction to meet their students' needs.
Faculty can arrange for items to be held for in-class viewing.
Faculty can arrange for personal e-mail accounts with the college secretary's assistance.
Faculty can arrange for their teaching assistants to be trained in the use of the language lab.
Faculty can assemble lessons in any order to suit the instructional needs of their students.
Faculty can assign students to complete the workbook to supplement other course requirements.
Faculty can assist learners in practicing procedures and mastering physical diagnostic skills.
Faculty can attend either a workshop session or simply work independently on project development.
Faculty can attend via the Web by viewing the Web simulcast.
Faculty can automatically register their course web sites with the registrar's online course lists.
Faculty can be an invaluable resource for career information, experience, and contacts.
Faculty can be anywhere in the world and still team-teach a class.
Faculty can be happy, but the dean can see a different side.
Faculty can be helpful in suggesting the prominent authors in that subject.
Faculty can be of great help with announcements.
Faculty can become more closely involved by participation in student groups or clubs.
Faculty can benefit by being close to their collections as well as to knowledgeable library staff.
Faculty can benefit from the use of the Internet resources in many ways.
Faculty can borrow videos for classroom use.
Faculty can bring in their own computer and connect to the internet for classroom instruction.
Faculty can certainly learn to be effective without taking classes in teaching techniques.
Faculty can change password in a course.
Faculty can charge photocopies to their departmental accounts.
Faculty can check and update grade sheets, class lists and schedules.
Faculty can check here for a short review of library services and contacts.
Faculty can check out books indefinitely.
Faculty can check out periodicals for one week.
Faculty can check schedules.
Faculty can check-out video materials for use in the classroom.
Faculty can choose from many programs, including some focused on specific disciplines.
Faculty can choose to teach from a primary site or rotate between the receiving locations.
Faculty can click here to access their online courses.
Faculty can click here to learn how to create one.
Faculty can collaborate on a syllabus or lesson plan even if they're miles apart.
Faculty can communicate with students over great distances using current communication technologies.
Faculty can compare class notes and together address students' needs and problems.
Faculty can contact the Dean of Libraries to make arrangements.
Faculty can contact the main office for keys.
Faculty can contact their liaison with questions they have about library collections and services.
Faculty can design their curricula to utilize the technology available to all students.
Faculty can determine to what extent students are learning what the course is intended to teach.
Faculty can develop and post additional pages as well.
Faculty can develop supplemental course materials to augment their academic courses.
Faculty can disperse information about the course at conferences they attend.
Faculty can donate sick leave only.
Faculty can drop in without appointment to use the computers.
Faculty can easily make the mistake of confounding experience with ability.
Faculty can easily set permissions, links and other parameters.
Faculty can enhance their web site with CGI programs.
Faculty can enjoy high interactivity with students.
Faculty can enroll in up to three seminars.
Faculty can enter grades from their offices or homes.
Faculty can evaluate a portfolio of the student's work samples for grading purposes.
Faculty can expect commensurate salary levels and excellent research support.
Faculty can expect students to have access to a computer and can plan accordingly.
Faculty can fill out an online form to request unlimited free printing.
Faculty can find information about custom publishing and textbooks.
Faculty can find tools for creating on-line course materials and other class enhancements.
Faculty can get a sense of the meaning of the work through a discussion with the student.
Faculty can get access to the confidential information with the confidentiality agreement.
Faculty can get assistance in preparing materials for classroom use.
Faculty can get class lists as printable form or as downloadable file.
Faculty can get help integrating computer technology into their teaching.
Faculty can get their picture taken here.
Faculty can give direction based on the student s demonstrated work, ideas, and skills.
Faculty can give students personal attention because classes are kept small.
Faculty can give to their own colleges or departments in the areas they care most for.
Faculty can go online and browse a digitized library of videos using keywords.
Faculty can greatly benefit by attending selected conferences listed here.
Faculty can have a strong impact on the way graduate students view teaching as well research.
Faculty can have accounts in all domains if required.
Faculty can have for longer period if needed for class uses.
Faculty can have Internet access in their offices.
Faculty can have their departments put on regular distribution lists to receive such materials.
Faculty can have their lectures, syllabi, and notes on the web.
Faculty can help to ensure a speedier resolution by respecting the rights of T.A.s.
Faculty can help when discussing career opportunities.
Faculty can identify individuals' strengths and weaknesses with detailed test score information.
Faculty can incrementally build activities without radically reengineering the entire course.
Faculty can involve a class in the activity or can do something on their own.
Faculty can keep it handy during the exam and use the questions as needed.
Faculty can keep the materials until the end of the semester.
Faculty can learn more about creating games-related curriculum .
Faculty can locate books through an advanced search or browse by subject.
Faculty can look for guest speakers for their classes.
Faculty can look up their specific curriculum and see listings for each course.
Faculty can make a difference in student persistence.
Faculty can make datasets available to which only students in a class have access.
Faculty can make grades available to their students.
Faculty can make requests for semester-long assignment of equipment or for individual events.
Faculty can make the exams available to administer over a one to several-day period.
Faculty can make their own changes to content.
Faculty can manage access to their coursespace through the web access control panel system.
Faculty can manage their class rosters, guide advisees, and submit grades.
Faculty can meet with library subject specialists to discuss their research needs.
Faculty can modify to meet course requirements.
Faculty can more easily include the web in class assignments and instruction.
Faculty can move files through the common space set up for graphics use.
Faculty can now answer the various questions of students at their leisure.
Faculty can now search for classes, view class rosters and class schedules.
Faculty can now send an agreement out to their collaborators within minutes of the initial request.
Faculty can obtain the appropriate grading forms from their department administrators.
Faculty can operate the equipment or arrange for a technical operator.
Faculty can order articles at no charge.
Faculty can place a delivery request via the web site, email, fax, or by phone.
Faculty can place AV material on reserve for students to use in meeting outside assignments.
Faculty can place course syllabi, assignments, lecture notes, and quizzes on the Web.
Faculty can place library owned items on reserve via the online request form .
Faculty can place questions for labs and conferences online.
Faculty can play a huge role in the conversion process.
Faculty can play a key role in introducing and welcoming students to that community.
Faculty can play an important role in increasing the self-confidence of women students.
Faculty can post a variety of course material in a variety of file formats.
Faculty can post grades at the end of semester and access class rosters.
Faculty can present interactive sessions via video or computers to enhance lectures.
Faculty can profit from training in certain counseling and mediation skills.
Faculty can provide accurate information to correct students misperceptions of drinking norms.
Faculty can provide information about specific degree programs and jobs after graduation.
Faculty can provide leadership nationally and at home in recommending how to allocate new funds.
Faculty can provide opportunities to practice information-gathering skills.
Faculty can provide valuable guidance as well as official support when developing the organization.
Faculty can pull and grade a random ten percent of the papers to remain engaged.
Faculty can pursue syllabi and assignments in a variety of fields.
Faculty can put articles, class notes, and other study material on reserve for their classes.
Faculty can put videos, audios, or practice tests on reserve here.
Faculty can reach all students with a simple drag and drop method.
Faculty can re-apply immediately if a team project fails on the first try.
Faculty can receive awards for at most two assignments per course, and four awards overall.
Faculty can receive development grants to attend seminars.
Faculty can receive search results as a paper printout, on disc, or by e-mail.
Faculty can receive useful formative feedback that is linked to faculty development programs.
Faculty can recommend items for the collection.
Faculty can register online as sponsors for student researchers.
Faculty can request a network folder or directory be created to store class files.
Faculty can request a WebCT course account online.
Faculty can request additional modem hours for students in their classes.
Faculty can request an orientation electronically using the Library Instruction Request form .
Faculty can request books and articles related to the teaching of writing in the disciplines.
Faculty can request course reserves for media at the first floor desk.
Faculty can request delivery to selected locations.
Faculty can request disk increases using the same form.
Faculty can request individually adapted workshops for their undergraduate or graduate classes.
Faculty can request office visits by the staff.
Faculty can request that students in a class temporarily be given extra resources.
Faculty can request that their students have access for course work.
Faculty can request the use of an online discussion page for a class.
Faculty can request videotapes be delivered.
Faculty can require students to submit papers during the week preceding the study period.
Faculty can require that students log in to view information or participate in class discussions.
Faculty can reserve a fully equipped multimedia viewing room for group presentation purposes.
Faculty can reserve books, videos, or other items for their students to use.
Faculty can reserve computer labs for classes as well.
Faculty can reserve editing and viewing rooms on an on-going basis.
Faculty can reserve the equipment for up to one week at a time for college-related purposes.
Faculty can reserve the labs for their classes.
Faculty can review and research the latest textbook titles within their area of expertise.
Faculty can review the program by following the access instructions above.
Faculty can schedule bibliographic instruction classes.
Faculty can schedule computer classrooms to use existing software and hardware.
Faculty can schedule equipment to support a specific class over an entire semester.
Faculty can schedule instruction for their classes on the use of specific information seeking tools.
Faculty can schedule library instruction sessions for their classes.
Faculty can see how often a book is used, and where.
Faculty can send announcements to all students in a particular class.
Faculty can send files directly to the computer through the campus network.
Faculty can serve indefinitely.
Faculty can serve on dissertation committees at universities distant from their home campuses.
Faculty can set up a key comment with the correct answer after the student has taken an exam.
Faculty can set up and maintain a class mailing list online.
Faculty can setup filters to funnel email based upon course or subject matter.
Faculty can shape thinking.
Faculty can share their knowledge with people beyond the campus in a number of different ways.
Faculty can sign up for groups and arrange first meeting.
Faculty can sign up via e-mail.
Faculty can sort through the possibilities and come to consensus in their own departments.
Faculty can start putting live sound streaming on their pages.
Faculty can start submitting reservation requests three weeks prior to the beginning of a semester.
Faculty can stay and teach and do their research as long as they wish.
Faculty can submit book orders or schedule library instruction sessions via the web.
Faculty can submit items to the electronic reserves in a variety of ways.
Faculty can submit papers to the site for analysis or require their students to do so.
Faculty can submit requests electronically.
Faculty can support student writing in a number of ways.
Faculty can take advantage of the latest technologies in the new production and training areas.
Faculty can take positive action to counter negative peer interactions.
Faculty can teach using computer lecture notes, CD-ROMs and Internet access.
Faculty can telecommute for most courses.
Faculty can trace students' thought processes and sample their writing ability.
Faculty can update grades at any time and students can view the changes immediately.
Faculty can upload course content to the site and download grade book entries in spreadsheet format.
Faculty can upload images to the server with an easy online interface.
Faculty can use course-level goals to improve teaching and assessment.
Faculty can use it to design instruction, assignments, and tests in any subject.
Faculty can use it to design science instruction, assignments, and tests.
Faculty can use students course-level goals to improve teaching.
Faculty can use the classroom to show movies or audio tapes to their class.
Faculty can use the equipment in the classroom to project video, computer display, and more.
Faculty can use the feedback to determine whether their efforts have produced the desired effect.
Faculty can use the following verbs, or equivalent wording.
Faculty can use the lab for their classes.
Faculty can use the link to the left to research different text books.
Faculty can use their directory to share information with students.
Faculty can use TigerPAWS for grading and class listings.
Faculty can view class lists with photos and information on advisees.
Faculty can view information about their advisees, including coursework and class rosters.
Faculty can work on their own course materials.
Faculty can work with students to creatively use technology in their specific subject area.
Faculty can write more than routine evaluations.
Faculty can, and do, demand the polished, finished product.
Faculty choose faculty .
Faculty choose the combination that best serves their teaching goals.
Faculty choose the student interns.
Faculty choose to become faculty because they want to teach and do research.
Faculty choose which loan periods they feel are appropriate for reserve materials.
Faculty chooses whether to keep hearing open.
Faculty circulate among groups to answer questions, provide ideas and suggestions.
Faculty collaborate on content and coordinate their instruction.
Faculty collaborate on curriculum development and jointly facilitate the students academic progress.
Faculty collaborate on research and teaching, often across programs.
Faculty collaborate with a diverse array of employers to provide internships for students.
Faculty collaborate with many industry partners to provide numerous projects for student teams.
Faculty combine extensive industrial and consulting experience with active scholarly research.
Faculty combine their votes with the students' to come up with the winners.
Faculty come and check out our new services .
Faculty come for a couple of years and stay a lifetime.
Faculty come form a wide array of disciplines.
Faculty come from a wide array of disciplines.
Faculty come from academia, business and industry.
Faculty come from both the United States and Italy.
Faculty come from four denominations or groups, and five different countries.
Faculty come from science and engineering departments, business schools and the social sciences.
Faculty come here and want to teach but are also deeply committed to their fields.
Faculty come to the workshop to develop a new course or improve an existing one.
Faculty come together from several academic departments to support the research.
Faculty comes from a variety of backgrounds, states, and countries.
Faculty comes from all disciplines and general studies departments.
Faculty communicate their expectations clearly.
Faculty compare notes on feedback they have heard about the program.
Faculty complete the addendum , describing the proposed work and listing the objectives.
Faculty confirms patient classification.
Faculty consider being available to talk with students a priority and a benefit of their job.
Faculty consider differences as teach course.
Faculty consider the practical implications of their research.
Faculty consists of both active and reserve officers and noncommissioned officers.
Faculty continue to be late or absent from classes .
Faculty continue to discuss proposed changes to the general education requirements.
Faculty continue to excel in their ability to obtain sponsored research funds.
Faculty continue to express concern with the limited offerings of trade books and supplies.
Faculty continue to get high marks from students.
Faculty continue to get step increases for longevity.
Faculty continue to increase the number of intellectual contributions.
Faculty continue to present creative ideas for the use of technology.
Faculty continue to report on their assessment activities in division meetings.
Faculty continue to seek benchmark levels in discussions with faculty from other institutions.
Faculty continue to use e-mail most for communicating with colleagues.
Faculty continue to write successful grant proposals for outside support.
Faculty continues to increase their number of intellectual contributions.
Faculty contribute a lot to developing the culture in Maricopa.
Faculty contribute to a number of national and international testing projects , as well.
Faculty cooperate to integrate the content of the courses in a cluster.
Faculty coordinate the courses to varying degrees.
Faculty coordinate their research with teaching and outreach responsibilities.
Faculty corrects each written assignment and discusses with student.
Faculty count the lab as part of their load, so there is a budget implication.
Faculty create an atmosphere conducive to the exchange of information, ideas and skills.
Faculty create and use copyrighted materials.
Faculty create treatment plans to map-out each of their patient's dental care needs.
Faculty currently enjoy royalties on their texts, whether disseminated in print or electronically.
Faculty currently work in both domestic and international arenas.
Faculty decide how much guidance to provide prior to the exam.
Faculty deliver relevance along with academic knowledge.
Faculty depend upon equipment and facilities to administer the program.
Faculty Depends on the type of leave, award or assignment taken.
Faculty describe their research and their reasons for doing it.
Faculty deserve a president who cares about their views.
Faculty deserve recognition for their excellent work.
Faculty desiring VU support can work with the producer to have VU help get the course started.
Faculty determine clinical site needs for courses.
Faculty determine the essential elements of a curriculum to achieve the goals they identify.
Faculty determine the occurrence of academic dishonesty.
Faculty determines whether absence is excused.
Faculty develop and make available suitable project descriptions.
Faculty develop ideas at the campus level.
Faculty develop online courses for a variety of reasons.
Faculty develop professionally as they teach, advise, and engage in scholarship and service.
Faculty develops timely topics of interest and importance.
Faculty differ from students, however, in that they are already very sophisticated learners.
Faculty differ in their responses and in how they evaluate students' writing.
Faculty direct a broad range of ongoing clinical research projects.
Faculty directly supervise all night, weekend, and holiday duty.
Faculty directs research programs in biomedical, health service and educational arenas.
Faculty discuss constitutionality of online notes .
Faculty discuss their research and teaching interests.
Faculty discusses training health care providers to provide effective communications.
Faculty do everything related to their own course.
Faculty do have limited needs for the system than staff users.
Faculty do informally share the classrooms when someone needs a classroom for one or two classes.
Faculty do many things that offer few rewards.
Faculty do only informal advising, and thesis advising.
Faculty do provide written assessments of student performance in small group sessions and seminars.
Faculty do research, publish and present all over the world.
Faculty do try and discourage students from leaving early.
Faculty do worry about cheating, both in online classes and onground.
Faculty does keep the vacancy credit for that vacant position.
Faculty does participate, though, in editing and vetting the speeches.
Faculty doing research have at least two important assets for learning.
Faculty draw instantaneously on the resources of the worldwide web.
Faculty drawn from participating departments regularly teach subjects in the core curriculum.
Faculty drive the curricular reform.
Faculty emphasize cross-cultural and global issues.
Faculty emphasize the appropriate selection of elective courses in non-art areas.
Faculty emphasize the study of objects in the museum's collections.
Faculty emphasizes behavioral, cultural, developmental, and social perspectives.
Faculty encourage basic nursing students to be employed in a nursing setting while studying nursing.
Faculty encourage free-exchange of ideas between students to boost understanding.
Faculty encourage resident participation and independent investigations.
Faculty encourage students to ask for assistance.
Faculty encourage students to become active learners in an atmosphere of guided independence.
Faculty encourage students to confront the critical issues of society and to seek justice and peace.
Faculty encourage students to go beyond a superficial assessment in their inquiry process.
Faculty encourage students to participate in the preparation of extramural grant proposals.
Faculty encourage students to participate in the preparation of extramural-funded grant proposals.
Faculty encourage the expression of diverse points of view in the classroom.
Faculty enjoy small classes and a dynamic and growing program.
Faculty enjoy the delicious lunch.
Faculty enjoy the format.
Faculty enjoy the personal contact with students and professionals in the field.
Faculty enter student grades online via a web interface.
Faculty establish mechanisms to assess the curriculum.
Faculty evaluate residents on each rotation and conduct semi-annual resident evaluation sessions.
Faculty evaluate residents, and, in turn, residents evaluate both the faculty and the program.
Faculty evaluate students on interpersonal skills and appropriateness throughout the program.
Faculty evaluate the quality of the content and presentation style.
Faculty evaluate the student's answer to each question based on a scale of zero to four.
Faculty evaluate the work of all students periodically during the semester.
Faculty evaluate the writing sample and jury an overall rating.
Faculty evaluates the student proposed policy and moves toward a school policy.
Faculty even limits the texts in their classes because of the huge prices.
Faculty everywhere are of course above such things.
Faculty examine students on the research proposal orally.
Faculty examine the adequacy of measures prior to and after assessment.
Faculty excel at teaching, advising, and scholarship.
Faculty excel at teaching, often bringing their innovative research into the classroom.
Faculty expands to include designated clinical faculty positions.
Faculty expect and demand that students use computers and other services.
Faculty expect and want students to do well.
Faculty expect original work from students.
Faculty expect students to be prepared for class and to participate actively.
Faculty expect students to be professional.
Faculty expect students to maintain a high standard of academic integrity.
Faculty expect students to maintain the highest standard of academic integrity.
Faculty expect students to share in the responsibility for alternative arrangements.
Faculty facilitate small groups in which the students interview SPs.
Faculty facilitate the discussions and oversee the students' work.
Faculty facilitate the learning process, which is designed to produce desired changes in behavior.
Faculty facilitates teaching a learning through the internet.
Faculty feel cheated, discouraged and overworked.
Faculty feel it is better for students to be able to stop after two credits if they want.
Faculty feel that in assigning grades, they are answering to values other than academic values.
Faculty feel that teaching becomes more effective as a result of scholarly involvement.
Faculty feel the best mix is whatever suits the individuallearning style of the student.
Faculty feel they often learn as much from students as they give.
Faculty fill out the form, stating explicitly how they incorporated diversity into their curricula.
Faculty find a combination of the traditional and the digital goes a long way.
Faculty Find out about our faculty members by looking here.
Faculty Find out about the ratio of students to faculty.
Faculty Find out about their research interests and the courses they teach.
Faculty Find out more about our faculty members.
Faculty find teaching in a learning community to be challenging and stimulating.
Faculty find their courses energized and enriched by the influx of non-English learning materials.
Faculty follow graduates into the building.
Faculty follow the academic calendar.
Faculty gain a better understanding of their service role.
Faculty gain an awareness of the steps utilized by the students in solving problems.
Faculty generally advise on content and building relationships with funding sources.
Faculty generally enjoy easy and informal access to the administration.
Faculty generally fail the student on the piece of work in question or for the course.
Faculty generally get advising materials a day or so after they are available to students.
Faculty generally have time to be involved in research or consulting activities.
Faculty generally prefer to use university letterhead and envelopes.
Faculty generally teach four courses a semester.
Faculty generate questions from case study and post on discussion board which is linked to web site.
Faculty generate streams of fresh research, seeking out fresh ideas and new collaborations.
Faculty generate the course manual, which is presented in a computer projected format for lecture.
Faculty genuinely care about their grad students.
Faculty get discounted tickets on football and basketball season tickets.
Faculty get on-site training and advice geared more particularly to their disciplines.
Faculty Get to know all of the department's faculty members.
Faculty Get to know the faculty members of the division.
Faculty Get to know who the faculty are in the department of advertising.
Faculty Get to know who's who.
Faculty get to know, by name, members of their classes.
Faculty gets along very well.
Faculty give details about the curricular areas of specialization in which they participate.
Faculty give lectures on writerly issues, and one-hour classes on specific aspects of craft.
Faculty give short talks describing undergraduate research opportunities.
Faculty give students individual attention as they plan and progress in their programs of study.
Faculty give the assignments that require students to locate information resources.
Faculty gives presentations on their research interests.
Faculty go beyond merely imparting knowledge and requiring response.
Faculty go out of their way to help students succeed.
Faculty go overseas to set up programs and teach courses.
Faculty go to committees all across the nation and at their home institutions.
Faculty has expertise.
Faculty has five members - students only have one.
Faculty has more access to administrative data that helps predict student academic needs.
Faculty has professional experience.
Faculty has to pay for overdue books.
Faculty has to place the student course objectives.
Faculty has yet to be involved with the identification of priorities and elimination of programs.
Faculty have a broad range of classes available.
Faculty have a clear and visible place to contact.
Faculty have a dramatic increase in all skill areas.
Faculty have a great deal of concern about how visitors to the university are treated.
Faculty have a great deal of freedom to design courses and implement exciting techniques.
Faculty have a key role, and a number of improvements which faculty can effect are suggested.
Faculty have a relaxing time to meet together while enjoying fine food and fellowship.
Faculty have a responsibility to ensure that academic honesty is maintained in their classroom.
Faculty have a responsibility to foster integrity by example and instruction.
Faculty have a responsibility to meet all scheduled contact hours in their teaching assignment.
Faculty have a responsibility to mentor graduate students.
Faculty have a responsibility to properly schedule and request leave.
Faculty have a say in matters regarding budget and organizational decisions.
Faculty have a say in matters regarding institutional governance.
Faculty have a separate listing.
Faculty have a seven day video check-out.
Faculty have a significant role in academic personnel matters affecting their colleagues.
Faculty have a thorough understanding of the content they teach.
Faculty have a tradition of receptivity to residency participation in research activities.
Faculty have a very different relationship with the university.
Faculty have a very limited view of what students do here, that is, what student life is like.
Faculty have a wealth of experience and most of all, are dedicated to education and students.
Faculty have a wide range of both applied and theoretical interests.
Faculty have access to a well equipped multimedia development room.
Faculty have access to materials production resources through units.
Faculty have access to micros in their offices or departmental offices.
Faculty have access to the same service through their identification cards.
Faculty have active research programs and guide students in curriculum-wide undergraduate research.
Faculty have adequate and convenient access to electronic information resources.
Faculty have an amount that is determined at the beginning of the fiscal year based upon the budget.
Faculty have an extended loan period for books until the end of the semester.
Faculty have an impact on each other.
Faculty have an obligation to diseminate information and knowledge to their students.
Faculty have an obligation to meet all scheduled contact hours in their work assignment.
Faculty have an opportunity to become proactive as specific procedures are developed in the program.
Faculty have an opportunity to get to know the students' needs and abilities.
Faculty have annual peer review for research, service and teaching.
Faculty have both academic credentials and real world experience.
Faculty have different interests than students when it comes to graduate education.
Faculty have direct access to their classes on the online server.
Faculty have discretion in determining assignments.
Faculty have examples of their work on a home page which can be accessed via the Internet.
Faculty have excellence and take pride in their teaching.
Faculty have experience from across the United States and internationally.
Faculty have experience in business and research in their fields.
Faculty have extensive experience in direct-care services, education, management, and research.
Faculty have extensive professional experience and excellent teaching skills.
Faculty have fewer issues that they can seriously discuss with the bulk of their colleagues.
Faculty have first priority.
Faculty have formal appointments in teaching, research, and extension.
Faculty have full checkout privileges.
Faculty have full copying privileges.
Faculty have individual links with a wide variety of scholars in Europe and North America.
Faculty have individual offices, while other program members share office space.
Faculty have individual research labs, all well-equipped for the types of research they do.
Faculty have individual workspaces equipped with personal computers and internet access.
Faculty have knowledge about what other faculty are doing to integrate technology in their teaching.
Faculty have less time to meet with students and advise.
Faculty have many concerns.
Faculty have many techniques at their disposal for gathering information about student learning.
Faculty have many theoretical orientations, but the majority are behavioral or cognitive-behavioral.
Faculty have many years of experience as practitioners.
Faculty have more information on the tests and can design their curriculum accordingly.
Faculty have more positive comments.
Faculty have more responsibilities and less time.
Faculty have no budgets to update titles every few years.
Faculty have no daily administrative tasks.
Faculty have no limits.
Faculty have no obligation to allow media into classrooms when they are teaching.
Faculty have obligations of diverse nature.
Faculty have offices and labs in many of the city's hospitals.
Faculty have only a slight involvement in governance.
Faculty have only two due dates six months apart.
Faculty have opportunity to offer virtual office hours to students.
Faculty have original jurisdiction in matters involving academic integrity in any course they teach.
Faculty have other interests and other obligations.
Faculty have outstanding records of involvement with professional associations in the field.
Faculty have outstanding research track records.
Faculty have practical experience and academic credentials from distinguished institutions.
Faculty have precedence over students .
Faculty have primary responsibility for curriculum, educational programming and student success.
Faculty have priority.
Faculty have regional interests in Europe, Latin America, North America, Africa, and East Asia.
Faculty have reserve privileges at both the West Lebanon and Lebanon libraries.
Faculty have responsibility for curriculum.
Faculty have responsibility to contribute to the generation of new knowledge.
Faculty have semester loan periods.
Faculty have significant work experience and bring their real world experience to the classroom.
Faculty have so much influence and so much contact with the students.
Faculty have spacious private offices, with windows and individual computers.
Faculty have special insights into problems facing academics.
Faculty have special training in teaching at a distance which enriches their expert teaching record.
Faculty have specialized expertise in criminology, law and society, and criminal justice.
Faculty have specific information to distribute.
Faculty have specific needs for privacy, they deal with student records.
Faculty have strong academic credentials and a growing reputation in a wide variety of fields.
Faculty have sufficient time for scholarly activities and professional development.
Faculty have the academic authority to remove students from their class for non-participation.
Faculty have the chance to live with students and have a direct impact on their day to day lives.
Faculty have the duty to make it work.
Faculty have the final approval of registration in any class.
Faculty have the freedom to be creative .
Faculty have the greatest contact with students on a daily basis.
Faculty have the means to teach courses entirely over the Web.
Faculty have the opportunity of dialoguing with others from across different disciplines.
Faculty have the opportunity to stimulate student interest through research as a result.
Faculty have the option of an individual conference with the chair to discuss the evaluation.
Faculty have the option of bringing in their own laptops to connect to the projection system.
Faculty have the option of increasing the examination by an additional hour.
Faculty have the option of modifying letter grades with plus and minus designations.
Faculty have the option of requesting any lecture be videotaped.
Faculty have the option to integrate Internet resources into the course syllabi.
Faculty have the potential to alter student drinking behaviors.
Faculty have the prerogative to request a student interview.
Faculty have the responsibility of determining the time alloted for completing course work.
Faculty have the responsibility to ensure a respectful learning environment.
Faculty have the responsibility to ensure that academic honesty is maintained in their classroom.
Faculty have the responsibility to maintain order.
Faculty have the right to expect students to attend class regularly.
Faculty have the right to expect students to attend their classes regularly.
Faculty have the right to expect students to be equally prepared and organized.
Faculty have the right to expect students to turn in assignments on time.
Faculty have the right to make questions open book or closed book.
Faculty have the right to request consultation from recognized experts as deemed appropriate.
Faculty have the right to set requirements for classroom behavior.
Faculty have their own chat area.
Faculty have their spaces and that's a minimal solution, as far as faculty are concerned.
Faculty have three choices about what version of their biography appears on line.
Faculty have three key concerns about using learning groups.
Faculty have to be in the forefront of setting standards.
Faculty have to be on-line at least once a day.
Faculty have to become more involved in capital campaign fundraising efforts.
Faculty have tough jobs.
Faculty have two options for purchasing a copy card.
Faculty have two options on delivery and set-up.
Faculty have two performance support options.
Faculty have unfavorable views regarding ranking and view it as a joke.
Faculty having doctorates are probably more acclimated to conducting active research.
Faculty helps determine tuition for course.
Faculty here are both teacher and friend.
Faculty here are receptive to going beyond teaching and being friends to their students as well.
Faculty here seem very conscious of security issues.
Faculty hiring in the coming years is likely to be moderate.
Faculty historically are adamant about free expression.
Faculty hold degrees from top universities throughout the United States.
Faculty hold national and international reputations and programs are customized for each student.
Faculty hold the key here.
Faculty holding proxy cards are also responsible for materials checked out on their proxy cards.
Faculty illustrate the importance of research and how it progresses the field of school psychology.
Faculty includes academicians, policy makers, and managers.
Faculty includes all unclassified personnel.
Faculty includes clinicians as well as scholars in philosophy, law, sociology, and public policy.
Faculty includes distinguished performers, artists and celebrated teachers.
Faculty includes full-time professors and executives and professionals from the area.
Faculty includes insect science, rangeland ecology, soil science and watershed management.
Faculty includes laity as well as monks and nuns.
Faculty includes local, regional, and national folklorists, historians, and anthropologists.
Faculty includes nationally-recognized scholars who have won distinguished awards.
Faculty includes neuropsychiatrists, neurologists, and neuropsychologists.
Faculty includes peers, attorneys and professional educators.
Faculty includes podiatrists, pediatricians, and pediatric orthopedists.
Faculty includes practicing attorneys, judges, and working paralegals.
Faculty includes research descriptions from our training faculty.
Faculty includes resident staff as well as guest professionals.
Faculty includes scholars, sociologists and other specialists.
Faculty includes two certified master chefs and a certified executive chef.
Faculty includes widely traveled scholars, authors and active historians.
Faculty incorporate the novel in their classes across the curriculum.
Faculty incorporate the results of their research into their coursework.
Faculty incorporate their research into the undergraduate and graduate experience as well.
Faculty increasingly have a chance to convey their ideas in different media.
Faculty indicate Honors-level performance for every economics course at the end of each quarter.
Faculty initially evaluate exams without knowing the identity of the test-taker.
Faculty interact closely with students and are sensitive to special needs.
Faculty interact closely with trainees at all levels.
Faculty interact daily with other faculty members.
Faculty interact with students in a mentoring relationship.
Faculty invest a lot of time both teaching and learning to form course content.
Faculty invest in and are rewarded by relationships with remarkable students.
Faculty invest in up-front time to develop class.
Faculty investigate basic research problems with direct relevance to breast cancer.
Faculty investigate their own personal experiences as sources of knowledge.
Faculty investigate various physical, chemical and biological systems.
Faculty invite top executives to visit their classrooms.
Faculty involve students ion advanced scholarship and research as early as the first year.
Faculty involve undergraduates in their research.
Faculty involved in the project decide to adopt a commercial course development tool.
Faculty Is a directory of both the full-time and adjunct faculty.
Faculty is a prime resource within the university.
Faculty is a singular noun and requires a singular verb unless there's more than one faculty.
Faculty is ability.
Faculty is about as diverse as the student body.
Faculty is also eligible for merit raises during a promotion year.
Faculty is an important part of programs.
Faculty is appointed from candidates of outstanding technical competence.
Faculty is available after classes for extra tutoring.
Faculty is available and easily accessible by all students for advice and counseling.
Faculty is available for consulting purposes.
Faculty is available via e-mail or telephone for questions.
Faculty is both impressive and dedicated to teaching the development of their students' potential.
Faculty is committed to serving both the traditional and non-traditional student.
Faculty is composed of distinguished scholars who are particularly committed to teaching.
Faculty is composed of health care professionals.
Faculty is comprised of leading experts.
Faculty is consulted as well.
Faculty is demoralized and teaching has been downgraded.
Faculty is diverse, representing the most respected academic and performing traditions.
Faculty is drawn from experts in the fields of management, marketing, and public policy.
Faculty is eligible to play intramural sports.
Faculty is encouraged to engage in collaborative projects.
Faculty is encouraged to establish attendance requirements in each course.
Faculty is encouraged to nominate their peers.
Faculty is encouraged to use web pages for reserves.
Faculty is engaged in both laboratory and clinical research.
Faculty is especially interested in seeing examples of drawing from direct observation.
Faculty is films.
Faculty is generally too busy to spend much time with web designers to share important information.
Faculty is groups of people.
Faculty is in study groups.
Faculty is invited to attend.
Faculty is more accessible.
Faculty is overworked.
Faculty is permitted to borrow items for overnight or off campus use for preview.
Faculty is power
Faculty is presently only one.
Faculty is reminded there is still plenty of money available.
Faculty is required to submit requests for equipment in advance of the planned date.
Faculty is responsible for delivering the tests to the appropriate campus.
Faculty is responsible for picking up and returning their own cap and gown.
Faculty is responsible for the maintenance of appropriate standards of scholarship and instruction.
Faculty is responsible for the upkeep and general maintenance of their web-support sites.
Faculty is spread too thin.
Faculty is stable and active in research, with a large ongoing project in domestic violence.
Faculty is strong.
Faculty is subject to change.
Faculty is subject to the procedure for material being recalled for the use by another individual.
Faculty is superb and connects totally with the participants.
Faculty is the driving force and the engine of our enterprise.
Faculty is to be placed on a once a month schedule, while staff is to be on twice a month schedule.
Faculty is unable to test instructional applications on their office computers.
Faculty is urged to take the time to fill out the surveys accurately.
Faculty is very easy to approach and is always willing to answer any questions.
Faculty is very susceptible too.
Faculty isa social group.
Faculty keep regular office hours and frequently meet with students.
Faculty keep teaching despite the low pay because they love what they do.
Faculty know each of their students by their first names.
Faculty know how to communicate and motivate.
Faculty know how to counter the disease.
Faculty knows each student is equipped to accomplish the assigned task.
Faculty leading short-term programs receive salary in accordance with campus policies.
Faculty learn by attending classes taught by other faculty.
Faculty learn from each other as well as from the students.
Faculty learn from each other, from students s, from staff.
Faculty Learn more about our faculty and their expertise.
Faculty learn more about students through extended interaction.
Faculty Learn more about the people who teach our courses.
Faculty learn of important technical challenges facing industry.
Faculty learn the best of what's known about teaching and apply it to their own right away.
Faculty leave the training with a solid outline and specific assignment ideas for their courses.
Faculty leave without pay generally is for a maximum of one year.
Faculty like to get to KNOW their students.
Faculty Listed below are our faculty members in each program.
Faculty listen closely to student feedback even while courses are in progress.
Faculty live in a very special world.
Faculty live in small houses on-site.
Faculty live on campus and take their meals with the students.
Faculty live on-site with students and are readily available to answer questions and provide advice.
Faculty live with host families in most countries.
Faculty look at the goal of education differently.
Faculty look on.
Faculty mainly have five year contracts.
Faculty maintain a balance of teaching, research and service to the profession and to society.
Faculty maintain a commitment to the college first rather than to department or discipline.
Faculty maintain a tradition of being very available to students outside of class time.
Faculty maintain active research programs and have published a variety of books and articles.
Faculty maintain an open door policy.
Faculty maintain an outstanding commitment to resident education.
Faculty maintain competence in nursing practice.
Faculty maintain contact with agencies and companies to help in placement of students.
Faculty maintain office hours and are available for meetings with students.
Faculty maintain open office hours, and faciltities are open extended hours for majors.
Faculty make attending rounds daily with the housestaff and students.
Faculty make every effort to see that each student is placed.
Faculty make individual decisions on the circulation policies for their class reading materials.
Faculty make information available for students on network servers.
Faculty make recommendations on how well students are suited for the experience.
Faculty make students feel comfortable and confident in their academic work.
Faculty make teaching and supervision their first priority.
Faculty make the admissions decision.
Faculty makes contact with funding agency.
Faculty makes placement.
Faculty meet each quarter to review all students who are enrolled in counselor education programs.
Faculty meet every three to six months to respond to concerns and document plans.
Faculty meet monthly to discuss the teaching process.
Faculty meet regularly to coordinate curriculum across disciplines.
Faculty meet regularly to exchange ideas and assignments, and consult with the program coordinator.
Faculty meet to discuss differences in scoring and reach consensus on the final score.
Faculty meet to review content and courses using internal and external feedback as a guide.
Faculty meet weekly in small groups to review and discuss student work.
Faculty meets for post-post mortem.
Faculty models the practical application and the theoretical exploration of effective instruction .
Faculty monitor the impact of technology on student learning.
Faculty nearing retirement are at the top of the salary scale.
Faculty needs a higher level of training in how to use current tools.
Faculty needs for and obstacles to using online course materials.
Faculty needs to be as vocal as the most vocal critics of higher education are.
Faculty needs to be informed of the new plan.
Faculty needs to be more informed on changes in the work place.
Faculty needs to be motivated continuously to do a good job.
Faculty needs to change their course links every quarter.
Faculty needs to look at the tenure situation .
Faculty needs to teach hands-on skills so the students are employable.
Faculty nominate students for the latter two prizes.
Faculty normally teach three courses per semester.
Faculty notice the difference, too.
Faculty now have a facilitative role.
Faculty now have more responsibilities than before and are being stretched too thin.
Faculty now play important roles in encouraging science students to study abroad.
Faculty now rely on it and it is considered to be one of the most important library services.
Faculty now teach in a litigious context.
Faculty observe posted office hours.
Faculty obtain permission in their departmental offices.
Faculty offer a speakers' bureau, and engineering nights are held for local high schools.
Faculty offer cooperative class exercises to explore issues that cut across the curriculum.
Faculty offer individual instruction in glass, and small group instruction in ceramics.
Faculty offer numerous programs to prepare students for careers as teachers and administrators.
Faculty offers ranges.
Faculty only provide input through departmental administrative staff.
Faculty opting to have a peer review also receive comments from their colleagues.
Faculty ordinarily arrange for coverage of teaching and office hours during brief illnesses.
Faculty originate courses from one site to other sites.
Faculty owe students a good classroom experience.
Faculty paid leave is one mechanism for encouraging professional growth and development.
Faculty participate and discuss their research or teaching interests.
Faculty participate at all levels of government.
Faculty participate at all levels of teaching and advising in the programs.
Faculty participate in a broad array of service and outreach activities.
Faculty participate in a seminar group for one semester on a released time or overload assignment.
Faculty participate in a summer seminar to launch their fellowship.
Faculty participate in a variety of courses in different departments and programs.
Faculty participate in department, college or school, and university committees.
Faculty participate in development activities related to teaching.
Faculty participate in field practices and projects.
Faculty participate in many activities besides research and teaching.
Faculty participate in matters of curriculum and in personnel, like in the tenure process.
Faculty participate in seminars pertaining to advising.
Faculty participate in teaching, research, and public service.
Faculty participate in the clinical teaching of medical students.
Faculty participate in the exercises and share their personal insights along with the students.
Faculty participate in the search process for new members of the instructional staff.
Faculty participating in academic ceremonies wear the tassel to the left throughout the proceedings.
Faculty participating in administration of each grant select the trainees.
Faculty participating in the program are to be paid their salaries and benefits as usual.
Faculty participating in the two programs include preeminent leaders in the field.
Faculty pass a rigorous assessment process before participating in the online program.
Faculty pay no fines, but are responsible for replacing lost or damaged items.
Faculty pay the other half.
Faculty picks up tests immediately after ending dates for examinations.
Faculty place a high priority on maintaining professional contacts in government and industry.
Faculty place a high priority on teaching, in the classroom and in the laboratory.
Faculty place the least importance on it.
Faculty planning a sabbatical are also welcome to apply.
Faculty play a catalytic role in the internationalization process.
Faculty play a central role in integrating the assessment processes into the curriculum.
Faculty play a crucial role in helping students get a sound start in the professional world.
Faculty play a major role in providing both formal and informal academic advising.
Faculty play a major role in service learning courses.
Faculty play an active role in matching students with positions.
Faculty play an especially important role, but assessment.
Faculty play an integral part in the teaching, research, and service mission of the university.
Faculty play the central role in curriculum design and oversight.
Faculty plays a crucial role.
Faculty post their office hours on their doors, and they are listed here .
Faculty precept all resident clinics.
Faculty prefer tables and chairs over tablet arm chairs.
Faculty prepare students for a changing world.
Faculty prepare students for the information-technology age.
Faculty prepares several problem-based scenarios.
Faculty present the field of psychology as one that is diverse and exciting.
Faculty present their research interests to new graduate students.
Faculty presentations the the club.
Faculty probably ascribe a variety of purposes to the exams.
Faculty produce all tests and assessment tools as well.
Faculty produce major books, chapters, etc. on a regular basis.
Faculty promote an interdisciplinary approach to the solution of complex environmental problems.
Faculty promote learning when they model learning and professional behaviors.
Faculty provide academic and career advising for computer science majors.
Faculty provide advisement during their office hours when classes are in session.
Faculty provide an environment in which students interact, interpret and solve problems.
Faculty provide assistance to students who wish to pursue graduate study.
Faculty provide close interaction and grow to know each student's special needs.
Faculty provide close supervision and guidance in an atmosphere which preserves resident autonomy.
Faculty provide consultation and assessment of case study reports.
Faculty provide consulting services for businesses, state agencies, and organizations.
Faculty provide diagnostic services through the Washington Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory.
Faculty provide editorial services for approximately sixteen journals.
Faculty provide enthusiastic support to the majors' club.
Faculty provide feedback to students so that they know their status throughout courses.
Faculty provide feedback to the student workers on content, design, and clarity of materials.
Faculty provide free help sessions.
Faculty provide guidance in career choices.
Faculty provide numerous teaching conferences and rounds daily or twice daily.
Faculty provide ongoing support to students with regular onsite visits and evaluations.
Faculty provide role models and enhance the professionalism of our conference.
Faculty provide seminars where research interests are summarized.
Faculty provide some training to students, but some students require additional assistance.
Faculty provide students with a syllabus, assignments, readings and a list of required textbooks.
Faculty provide students with numerous opportunities for professional growth.
Faculty provide supervision by way of direct observation, videotape review, and case conferences.
Faculty provide the academic support.
Faculty provide the library with all of the photocopies they want on reserve.
Faculty provide their content in an environment they know.
Faculty provide timely feedback about student progress in a course.
Faculty provide training in all aspects of anesthesia care to two anesthesia residents.
Faculty provide valuable assistance by telephone, e-mail, office visits, or through the mail.
Faculty provides ambulatory care through resident practices.
Faculty provides care in summers.
Faculty provides consultation, training, project design, methods, and quality control.
Faculty provides continuity in advising and degree planning.
Faculty provides deep expertise.
Faculty provides expertise.
Faculty provides final check.
Faculty provides guidance.
Faculty provides materials.
Faculty provides plant materials.
Faculty provides scientific expertise.
Faculty provides site for class service.
Faculty provides the following MSc.
Faculty publish regularly in leading journals of the field.
Faculty publish three books CEEM faculty members published three books during the past year.
Faculty raises permit increases in grad assistant salaries.
Faculty readily assist students with classroom activities, or with academic advising.
Faculty receive a discount on their purchases at the bookstore.
Faculty receive a longer period.
Faculty receive a separate class list for each course for which they are the instructor of record.
Faculty receive a service award beginning with the completion of ten years of service.
Faculty receive a six-month loan period.
Faculty receive a three-hour summer contract, airfare, room and meals.
Faculty receive additional performance appraisal points for teaching four preparations a semester.
Faculty receive an announcement early in the fall semester.
Faculty receive e-mail notification of each new submission.
Faculty receive excellent benefits and salary is negotiable.
Faculty receive extensive support to develop scholarship related to their service learning.
Faculty receive feedback on their assessment programs through an annual reporting cycle.
Faculty receive forms each semester requesting their recommendations for tutors.
Faculty receive free access to the internet but the staff has to pay for the privilege.
Faculty receive further language and cultural study in Africa the following summer.
Faculty receive minimal institutional support for such efforts.
Faculty receive national awards for teaching excellence and service to their fields every year.
Faculty receive priority service.
Faculty receive results of the appraisal forms after grades are submitted.
Faculty receive support and release time for appropriate professional development.
Faculty receive support from experienced teachers through observation and reflection.
Faculty receive temporary class lists each term.
Faculty receive the greatest value from academic freedom.
Faculty receive their benefit enrollment forms from their department administrator.
Faculty receive their materials directly.
Faculty receive their regular salary, benefits, and round-trip airfare to London.
Faculty receive their regular salary, benefits, and round-trip airfare to Seoul.
Faculty receive their regular salary, benefits, and round-trip airfare.
Faculty receives support for feasibility studies and other small scale research project.
Faculty recognize that research and creative activities are essential to their growth as teachers.
Faculty recognize that unexpected events occur that prevent the student from attending class.
Faculty recognize the importance of tenure in the protection of academic freedom.
Faculty refer students to counseling staff for individual counseling.
Faculty reflect on course planning.
Faculty register here.
Faculty regularly attend conferences and development workshops to become more effective educators.
Faculty regularly publish their work and present their work at professional conferences.
Faculty regularly teach courses and give seminar talks related to their research.
Faculty regularly use e-mail to communicate course information to students.
Faculty regularly use online forms to place items on reserve.
Faculty relate the study of science to real-world problems by having students debate social issues.
Faculty rely more on formal sources of information than they do on informal sources.
Faculty remain active as professional writers, broadcasters, consultants and speakers.
Faculty remain deeply involved in the implementation phase of the resolution.
Faculty report it every day about their encounters with students.
Faculty report minimal problems due to student computer illiteracy.
Faculty report significant levels of gender-based treatment sometimes amounting to harassment.
Faculty reports on student's course performance and extra course contacts.
Faculty represent a broad array of theoretical perspectives.
Faculty represent a broad range of medical specialties and viewpoints.
Faculty represent a wide range of specialized interests.
Faculty represent diverse ethnicity.
Faculty represent the world of concert and commercial dance as well as academic dance research.
Faculty request a course, which results in an account to a web-based computing environment.
Faculty require a robust infrastructure and access to technologies to support teaching and learning.
Faculty require discretionary funds to develop and maintain their scholarly programs.
Faculty require student use of resources to complement and supplement curriculum.
Faculty reserve the right to administer an alternate test for all make up sessions.
Faculty reserve the right to alter course requirements at any time.
Faculty reserve the right to contract individually with students to accommodate special needs.
Faculty reserve the right to deny approval based on assessment of preparation and competence.
Faculty reserve the right to recommend withdrawal from the program for reasons of health.
Faculty reserve the right to set specific attendance requirements for their course.
Faculty reserve the right to uphold or change students grades as they deem appropriate.
Faculty responds, as do other students.
Faculty retain intellectual control over content.
Faculty review the applicant's statement of purpose and samples of writing.
Faculty review the applications and choose the scholarship recipients.
Faculty review the development of the portfolio with students every quarter.
Faculty review the forms only after grades have been submitted.
Faculty review the lists and return their selections by email.
Faculty review the results of licensure efforts to determine continued relevance of the program.
Faculty rotate their teaching from one site to the next.
Faculty routinely assess students in their classes.
Faculty routinely ignore or circumvent the judicial process.
Faculty routinely initiate exhibitions, conferences, and symposia.
Faculty routinely involve students in their research.
Faculty routinely prepare interactive tutorials that can be accessed ahead of class.
Faculty say it leads to better communication and more participation with students.
Faculty say that lectures have become more interactive.
Faculty say they really like the portable classroom better.
Faculty says spend it on salaries.
Faculty searches Our academic searches are progressing well.
Faculty see a consistent environment no matter where they are.
Faculty seek above all to be effective teachers and scholars.
Faculty seek extramural funding because that is the best way to fund their scholarly activity.
Faculty seek extramural funding for projects.
Faculty seem at the heart of the change process in Belarus.
Faculty seem less and less to have a life outside the university.
Faculty seem to prefer dry erase.
Faculty seem to prefer the afternoon hours for such training opportunities.
Faculty seem to take a range of positions on the subject.
Faculty select the best students for admission to the upper division professional program.
Faculty select the slides for their course.
Faculty select the teams which usually consist of different nationalities.
Faculty select the type and duration of the loan period for reserve items from four categories.
Faculty select their own apprentices from among applications submitted at the start of spring term.
Faculty selects community service project sites.
Faculty send out class assignments with references to web sites.
Faculty send the order to the Bookstore along with their check.
Faculty sends contract to associate dean for approval.
Faculty serve as academic advisors throughout a student's academic career.
Faculty serve as academic advisors to all students.
Faculty serve as advisors for students in major.
Faculty serve as advisors to help each student fulfill the required curriculum.
Faculty serve as advisors to regional and national agencies and associations.
Faculty serve as both mentors and instructors.
Faculty serve as consultants to the region when called upon to do so.
Faculty serve as director and associate director.
Faculty serve as experts, guiding students through their area of expertise.
Faculty serve as facilitators and there are no formal lectures.
Faculty serve as forum moderators.
Faculty serve as internship supervisor on a rotating basis.
Faculty serve as lab instructors, answering questions and interacting with the students.
Faculty serve as members of graduate committees.
Faculty serve as mentors and role-models for professional excellence, involvement, and service.
Faculty serve as mentors in the process of discovery.
Faculty serve as mentors in the process.
Faculty serve as mentors to students, involving students in research and consultation projects.
Faculty serve as mentors.
Faculty serve as preceptors for a variety of research projects in neurobiology.
Faculty serve as professional role models and resource persons.
Faculty serve as project mentors.
Faculty serve as research instructors and advisors, as well as collaborators.
Faculty serve as resource persons and role models for the student.
Faculty serve as resources for ideas and contacts.
Faculty serve as role models, as they work alongside residents on the front lines of clinical care.
Faculty serve as senior consultants and supervise students on projects.
Faculty serve as student advisers, offering close guidance regarding curricula and course of study.
Faculty serve as student advisers, offering close guidance regarding curricula and courses of study.
Faculty serve as teachers, advisors, colleagues and mentors to students.
Faculty serve as undergraduate advisors.
Faculty serve on a variety of community boards and committees.
Faculty serve on governance committees.
Faculty serve on national and international professional boards.
Faculty serve the community in many diverse ways.
Faculty serve two years with a maximum of three consecutive terms.
Faculty serves as colleagues and facilitators.
Faculty share a broad intellectual curiosity and a desire to work with adult learners.
Faculty share their expertise with each other and teach colleagues throughout the institution.
Faculty share their knowledge through lectures, presentations and class discussions.
Faculty share their knowledge with students one on one.
Faculty share their visions on the subject of students with disabilities.
Faculty specify if majors are given priority when being enrolled in a course.
Faculty spend less time preparing and delivery lectures and more time interacting with students.
Faculty spend their professional allowances first.
Faculty spend time in class teaching.
Faculty spends as much or more time managing an online course than a traditional course.
Faculty spends time with students because students feel short-changed at advising office.
Faculty start to question what is working.
Faculty still have the option of obtaining permissions themselves.
Faculty still require specialized support.
Faculty still tend to project their library learning experience onto their students.
Faculty strive for quality classroom instruction and individualized attention whenever possible.
Faculty strive to assist students in the development and attainment of career goals.
Faculty strive to create classroom environments which are dynamic and interactive.
Faculty strive to develop degree and career plans around a student's interests and goals.
Faculty strongly emphasize communication skills as well as technical knowledge.
Faculty strongly prefer support from a consistent and consistently available person.
Faculty strongly recommend involvement in one or more of the student organizations.
Faculty strongly recommend study groups and they are a major part of most student's study program.
Faculty study a wide range of research topics.
Faculty submit a list of keywords which are run weekly against the Current Contents database.
Faculty submit a written evaluation of the student's performance after the rotation.
Faculty submit an annual activities report.
Faculty submit names of leaders.
Faculty submit research materials by the department's deadline specified in the chair's letter.
Faculty suffer from reduced availability of research materials.
Faculty supervise all field trips, and resident assistants and staff chaperone all social events.
Faculty supervise all patient care activities provided by the students.
Faculty supervise all patient care.
Faculty supervise the development and evaluation of portfolios.
Faculty supports and encourages participation in student-governed groups.
Faculty take a keen interest in the residents and are always available for discussion.
Faculty take academic advising seriously.
Faculty take direct interest in students, both inside and outside the classroom.
Faculty take diverse roles in working with students.
Faculty take essay packets home to finish scoring.
Faculty take into consideration student differences as they teach a course.
Faculty take responsibility for directing the learning process.
Faculty take sabbaticals.
Faculty take students to a number of meetings each year at the local, regional, and national level.
Faculty take the initiative in choosing books and leading discussions.
Faculty take the time to get to know their students.
Faculty teach a number of undergraduate courses during the academic year and summer session.
Faculty teach a total of seven courses per year on a quarter system.
Faculty teach all laboratories.
Faculty teach all major courses.
Faculty teach all the department's courses and consistently received excellent teaching evaluations.
Faculty teach all undergraduate courses.
Faculty teach and conduct research.
Faculty teach and they also create art.
Faculty teach and work on major committees.
Faculty teach anywhere between following the syllabus exactly to just using it as a guideline.
Faculty teach by designing materials to enhance learning and to facilitate mastery.
Faculty teach children how to self-nurture and how to safely react to family violence.
Faculty teach classes because that is the primary job at an educational institution.
Faculty teach courses in both general education and the major.
Faculty teach courses in their major or minor fields of specialization and competence.
Faculty teach each class on the day scheduled.
Faculty teach either in person or interactively via television.
Faculty teach every class.
Faculty teach in both the undergraduate and graduate programs.
Faculty teach in their specialty areas.
Faculty teach introductory courses in American government or political science.
Faculty teach mostly at the graduate-level and offer a continuing research seminar.
Faculty teach students from any of the participating institutions.
Faculty teach students to think and work as researchers in the process of performing research.
Faculty teach subjects within their area of expertise.
Faculty teach summer courses in Paris, Rome, and Frankfurt.
Faculty teach the clustered courses as discrete courses.
Faculty teach the entire sequence, from beginning courses through the graduate program.
Faculty teach the recitation sections and our teaching assistants teach the laboratory components.
Faculty teach, provide patient care, and conduct research in their primary areas of interest.
Faculty teaches from real world experience.
Faculty teaching similar courses meet to discuss current practices.
Faculty tell what projects they have available.
Faculty tend to accept change more slowly, and generally more reluctantly, than students.
Faculty tend to go to whoever they know and have had success with in the past.
Faculty tend to like to work independently, conceptually, analytically.
Faculty tend to neglect it due to the time requirements.
Faculty tend to search for markets suitable for an idea.
Faculty tend to teach at a higher pitch in the presence of a colleague.
Faculty tend to treat their own websites as window dressing.
Faculty tends to refer students to very specific resources.
Faculty then develop their portfolios over a period of a semester or longer.
Faculty then propose and debate various changes and revisions.
Faculty then receive follow-up information on the interaction and outcomes.
Faculty think it is a graphics program and as such of little use to the average faculty.
Faculty think Seniors want an easy Senior year and that is why they are opposed to credit increase.
Faculty think the quality of research has fallen off.
Faculty think their teaching mission is to inform and enlighten.
Faculty thus rethink their teaching methods and concepts about higher education.
Faculty trends home page .
Faculty try to avoid designing pages and pages of text -the equivalent of an online lecture.
Faculty typically bring in personal materials or ask staff to pull books from the collection.
Faculty typically return full of enthusiasm and excitement about their particular area of research.
Faculty undergo a type of background check already, but one for academic purposes.
Faculty understand and are committed to experiential education.
Faculty understand how raises are computed.
Faculty understands the dual demands of work and family.
Faculty unionize, for good reasons.
Faculty unite for pay hikes.
Faculty update their reports as progress occurs.
Faculty use a diverse group of organisms to address the different aspects of development.
Faculty use a multi-sensory readiness program geared to the developmental needs of the children.
Faculty use a wireless microphone to roam the aisles and stimulate discussion.
Faculty use actual artifacts as teaching tools.
Faculty use enscript to format text files for printing.
Faculty use it as well to keep tabs on their areas of research interest.
Faculty use several different approaches.
Faculty use summative tests to arrive at final grades.
Faculty use the collection more to prepare for and support teaching efforts.
Faculty use the collection to enrich their lectures and seminars.
Faculty use the computer network for taking attendance, grading, internet, and email.
Faculty use the data to write papers for scholarly publication.
Faculty use the information gained from assessment activities in program improvement.
Faculty use the lab for their own research.
Faculty use the laptop at home to create presentations for class or conferences.
Faculty use the results of assessment to improve their programs.
Faculty use the simulator for research and special projects.
Faculty use the summer to develop or renew courses and to further research.
Faculty use the syllabus to personalize their teaching methods and class policies.
Faculty using the facility are responsible for making sure the room is secured before leaving.
Faculty utilize a variety of teaching and learning methodologies and modalities.
Faculty utilize criterion referenced evaluation methodologies.
Faculty utilize the adult learning model in their teaching.
Faculty utilizes television and newspaper to inform consumers on food-related topics.
Faculty utilizes the input from their students to improve or modify courses.
Faculty vary in their practices.
Faculty vary on their schedules and so do students.
Faculty view the global community as the practice environment for professional nursing.
Faculty visit one another on site.
Faculty wanting to refine their teaching skills are welcome.
Faculty wants to know if they are teaching the right mix of skills and knowledge.
Faculty welcome a wide range of proposals for independent projects.
Faculty welcome the opportunity to develop more resident and graduate school courses.
Faculty work together across departmental lines, have interdisciplinary values.
Faculty work together to establish a central theme that ties the courses together.
Faculty workloads in schools of social work.
Faculty workshops to improve teaching.
Faculty worries about tenure when they bridge existing departments.
Faculty write goals, create new courses, and select materials.
Faculty write narrative evaluations of student achievement.
Faculty write narrative evaluations of students' work in place of issuing grades.
Faculty write textbooks that frequently lead to a similar relationship with a publisher.
Faculty frequently assign papers in both introductory and upper-level courses.
Faculty frequently refuse to deal with last-minute drafts and defenses.
Faculty frequently report that such seminars are among their most satisfying teaching experiences.
Faculty frequently schedule field trips and student excursions.
Faculty frequently schedule field trips and supervise extra-curricular student excursions.
Faculty often are the first to note that a student is in some kind of emotional trouble.
Faculty often attend and refreshments are served.
Faculty often blame students for a lack of participation and for passivity in class.
Faculty often bring students into direct involvement with their research.
Faculty often communicate with students through email or class listserves.
Faculty often designate student teams to manage the discussions and online class assignments.
Faculty often do, because of the number of meetings held in the library.
Faculty often doubt their ability to fully understand work outside of their own field of research.
Faculty often drop in on the study groups.
Faculty often have mixed reactions to large fund-raising campaigns.
Faculty often have numerous degrees listed behind their names.
Faculty often hire Ph.D. students to work as research assistants on funded projects.
Faculty often interview applicants.
Faculty often know it's going on, but they choose to overlook it.
Faculty often make or participate in the initial decisions that can lead to litigation.
Faculty often offer review sessions outside of class which they announce to their students.
Faculty often pay a price for using in-class learning groups.
Faculty often place course materials on the server for access from the campus network.
Faculty often require students to cite resources they have used in their term papers.
Faculty often serve as mentors, bringing insight from their clinical and research experience.
Faculty often work on interdisciplinary projects with other departments.
Faculty sometimes go on research leave, or resign to take a job elsewhere.
Faculty sometimes underestimate the effort required to manage daily operational responsibilities.
Faculty sometimes work side by side with student researchers for five or six hours per day.
Faculty usually announce new deadlines and even new grading policies in class.
Faculty usually publish articles or books about their findings.
Faculty usually teach one semester in the program and then return to their respective departments.
All faculty often take inter-disciplinary approaches and work with colleagues in other disciplines.
All faculties also have reading rooms and rooms for study groups, with user-friendly opening hours.
All faculties are quirky.
All faculties are state certified.
All faculties offer a wide range of undergraduate programs.
All faculties offer courses at the undergraduate level.
All faculties offer in their regular curriculum specialised language courses.
All faculties offer their graduates the option of studying to a doctorate level.
All faculties run research courses in association with their doctorate programmes.
All faculty above have voice mail.
All faculty actively participate in resident selection, program administration and teaching.
All faculty affiliated with the program are members of the graduate faculty.
All faculty agree or strongly agree with the statement.
All faculty agree that basic skills students deserve quality instruction.
All faculty also welcome direct inquiries from prospective graduate students.
All faculty are active in research projects and most have nationally-funded research programs.
All faculty are active in research.
All faculty are active in the graduate programme.
All faculty are active in various national, regional, and local engineering societies.
All faculty are active performers around the state of Florida.
All faculty are active professionally at state, regional, and national levels.
All faculty are active professionals who combine teaching with careers in New York City theaters.
All faculty are advisers.
All faculty are also available at other times by appointment.
All faculty are also available by appointment.
All faculty are artists who publish and exhibit frequently.
All faculty are available at times other than their posted office hours.
All faculty are available by appointment as well.
All faculty are available by appointment at other times.
All faculty are available for advice and consultation.
All faculty are available for individual consultation with any student.
All faculty are available for individual work with students.
All faculty are available through E-mail.
All faculty are available to students during regularly scheduled office hours.
All faculty are busy and field faculty are extra busy.
All faculty are eligible for electronic mail accounts.
All faculty are eligible to apply for assessment grants.
All faculty are eligible to apply.
All faculty are eligible to compete.
All faculty are eligible to participate in the merit pay process.
All faculty are eligible to participate.
All faculty are eligible to serve on policy committees.
All faculty are eligible to submit proposals.
All faculty are eligible, including adjunct and research faculty.
All faculty are eligible.
All faculty are excellent teachers.
All faculty are fully qualified to teach their respective disciplines.
All faculty are highly experienced.
All faculty are interested in working with students at all levels.
All faculty are members of a division or independent department.
All faculty are members of the senate, by definition.
All faculty are prepared to discuss careers in college teaching.
All faculty are productive, encouraged, and fully involved in departmental activities.
All faculty are registered dietitians and are active in health care delivery and research.
All faculty are responsible for paying for their private long distance calls.
All faculty are subject to a yearly evaluation.
All faculty are subject to annual performance reviews upon which merit salary increases are based.
All faculty are to receive a copy of the guide in the mail.
All faculty are to receive the results of their individual analysis.
All faculty are to wear their academic regalia.
All faculty are travel professionals with extensive industry experience.
All faculty are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All faculty are welcome from the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences.
All faculty are welcome to attend for as long as they like.
All faculty are welcome to attend meetings.
All faculty are welcome to attend the sessions outlined below.
All faculty are welcome to attend.
All faculty are welcome to participate.
All faculty are welcome.
All faculty are well-qualified and hold advanced degrees.
All faculty bring real-world projects and procedures into the classrooms.
All faculty can expect the use of a computer, printer, and a basic complement of software.
All faculty can stay.
All faculty combine many years of teaching experience with extensive expertise in their discipline.
All faculty conduct independent research projects.
All faculty consists of an extreme collection - either retired or amateur profs.
All faculty create e-mail lists or listservers for their classes.
All faculty currently have external funding and active graduate programs.
All faculty do research and consult with industry in their areas of specialty.
All faculty enjoy some level of extramural support.
All faculty enthusiastically accept postdoctoral fellows into their laboratories.
All faculty expect excellence from their students.
All faculty have a computer in their office available for their use .
All faculty have a networked computer.
All faculty have a phone and individual voice-mail.
All faculty have a responsibility for cooperating in the maintenance of building security.
All faculty have a right to obtain funds for research.
All faculty have a voice and a vote in establishing the procedures.
All faculty have a vote.
All faculty have access to a networked computer.
All faculty have access to computers in office areas.
All faculty have access to the campus ethernet backbone from their offices.
All faculty have access to the screen entitled View a Class Roster .
All faculty have an established track record of peer-reviewed funding for neuroscience research.
All faculty have appointments in one or more coordinating departments.
All faculty have appropriate education and experience backgrounds to teach in their assigned areas.
All faculty have computers in their offices.
All faculty have computers supplied by the university.
All faculty have direct telephone lines with voice mail.
All faculty have doctorates and are outstanding teachers.
All faculty have doctorates in their field.
All faculty have elementary or secondary teaching experience.
All faculty have e-mail addresses listed in their biographies.
All faculty have emergency medical training.
All faculty have equipment and connections necessary to make use of such information.
All faculty have experience in areas in which they teach.
All faculty have experience in industry.
All faculty have experience in the field and have advanced degrees of study.
All faculty have experience working with adult learners at the graduate level.
All faculty have extensive clinical and educational experience in their respective discipline.
All faculty have extensive pastoral experience and excellent academic credentials.
All faculty have external research support and enjoy national and international reputations.
All faculty have goals and expectations for their students.
All faculty have Internet access.
All faculty have many demands on their time.
All faculty have new research labs and offices.
All faculty have office hours during which they are available for extra help and guidance.
All faculty have private offices equipped with telecommunications connections.
All faculty have research groups, involving undergraduate students and faculty.
All faculty have sign-up sheets on their doors.
All faculty have terminal degrees in their teaching field plus extensive business experience.
All faculty have terminal degrees.
All faculty have the PhD degree and are licensed professional engineers with industrial experience.
All faculty have the power to help.
All faculty have to be included in academic processes.
All faculty have voice mail and e-mail.
All faculty have voice mail.
All faculty have voice-mail.
All faculty have well-equipped laboratories in which students carry out their research.
All faculty have, by default, an individual web site.
All faculty hold academic appointments.
All faculty hold accredited terminal degrees in their field.
All faculty hold advanced degrees.
All faculty hold at least one doctorate from a regionally accredited university.
All faculty hold doctoral degrees from esteemed universities.
All faculty hold graduate degrees in their fields, ordinarily at the doctoral level.
All faculty hold high-level positions within the fields in which they teach.
All faculty hold regular office hours whenever they are in residence.
All faculty hold terminal degrees in Sociology.
All faculty hold terminal degrees in their area of teaching except one.
All faculty hold the Ph.D. degree.
All faculty look forward to input from students who complete a course.
All faculty maintain regular office hours to meet with students on an individual basis.
All faculty maintain their own patient panels. .
All faculty make the following professional pledge .
All faculty meet and discuss each student.
All faculty meet the criteria for academic and professional preparation.
All faculty now have a functional desktop capable of running university-supported applications.
All faculty operate under the tenure clock, but time in rank can vary greatly.
All faculty participate in and are available for advising with classes and registration.
All faculty participate in clinical practice or faculty development.
All faculty participate in professional development workshops and seminars throughout the year.
All faculty participate in teaching medical students, resident physicians, or research fellows.
All faculty participate.
All faculty provide an analysis of the resident's ability, capabilities, and productivity.
All faculty receive a copy of the reports for all course levels.
All faculty receive a copy of the reports for all divisions.
All faculty receive ADRs.
All faculty receive email notification at project completion containing pertinent information.
All faculty remain with their existing departments.
All faculty review their impressions directly with the fellow.
All faculty see private patients.
All faculty serve as academic and internship advisors.
All faculty serve as advisers.
All faculty speak with native fluency the languages they teach.
All faculty start in a lecturer position.
All faculty take turns reading exam answers according to that faculty members' areas of expertise.
All faculty teach all levels, from freshman to senior.
All faculty teach in their respective areas of specialization.
All faculty teach undergraduate courses.
All faculty teach undergraduates.
All faculty then have the opportunity to complete the evaluation form anonymously.
All faculty undergo peer review of teaching.
All faculty welcome direct interaction and input from students.
All faculty welcome to attend.
All faculty work closely with the students they advise.
All faculty work with undergraduates.
Any faculty can go to the training workshops for free.
Every faculty has an own library of scientific journals.
Every faculty has an own modern library of scientific journals.
Every faculty is bent on winning the prize.
Every faculty is involved in the programme through staff or student exchanges.
Every faculty is involved in the rotation.
Many faculties also have a separate department of socio-economic history.
Many faculties offer students the chance to sign up for a 'host scheme'.
Many faculty actively engage in research, with the assistance of pharmacy students.
Many faculty adopt a disciplinary focus.
Many faculty already have Web sites, built outside of Blackboard.
Many faculty also contribute time to the vital functions of the medical school and the university.
Many faculty also establish a policy for tardiness.
Many faculty also have homepages that provide more detailed information.
Many faculty also have Web-based course materials linked from their home pages.
Many faculty also maintain dedicated computer facilities to support research.
Many faculty also maintain links to papers they have authored from their faculty home pages .
Many faculty also place templates, sample work, or supplementary materials in their course folders.
Many faculty also specialize in research at the regional and at the nation-state scale.
Many faculty also work with students in developing research projects.
Many faculty are active in more than one program.
Many faculty are also accessible through on-campus electronic mail.
Many faculty are also professionally qualified.
Many faculty are enthusiastic to see their careful plans finally bearing fruit.
Many faculty are extensively involved in state and national activities.
Many faculty are here who experience that zest.
Many faculty are incapable of using the on-line catalog.
Many faculty are indifferent to book selection or are too busy to take time to do it properly.
Many faculty are interested in thinking about teaching.
Many faculty are interested in working with early-career students.
Many faculty are members of more than one field.
Many faculty are national leaders in expanding the scope of nursing knowledge.
Many faculty are now including undergraduate students in their research projects.
Many faculty are part-time and work in career areas directly related to the courses they teach.
Many faculty are professionals practicing what they teach.
Many faculty are ready to take the next steps to bring more IT into the classroom.
Many faculty are skeptical of the on-line format of teaching.
Many faculty are unaware of the many advances and innovations occurring in teaching and learning.
Many faculty are unaware of what libraries pay for journals.
Many faculty are very skilled, and work directly with students on technology-related projects.
Many faculty can adjust their behavior to either setting, but most have a preferred mode.
Many faculty choose to live off campus and feel very safe doing so.
Many faculty choose to switch to be compatible with colleagues.
Many faculty continue to re-apply for assistance as they refine and enhance their web based courses.
Many faculty describe their research in greater detail on their department or lab home pages.
Many faculty do tech support for their courses, or are sent from their instructor.
Many faculty express frustration with students expectations for high grades.
Many faculty feel that too many administrative decisions have been made without faculty input.
Many faculty feel the crunch of lead time for lectures.
Many faculty find that television teaching is an experience that can be quite rewarding.
Many faculty fully schedule their course syllabi, leaving little time to complete missed work.
Many faculty give multiple choice tests as part or all of the assessment for a course.
Many faculty give students extra credit for completing an exercise.
Many faculty have an anti-athlete attitude.
Many faculty have assignments budgeted through multiple departments and fund types.
Many faculty have computers which are unable to run more than one software at a time.
Many faculty have course content in their faculty curricular sites .
Many faculty have course links located there.
Many faculty have essentially no access to professional end-user assistance.
Many faculty have experience in small business and consulting.
Many faculty have extensive research experience and well-established international reputations.
Many faculty have faculty spouses.
Many faculty have grants that employ students.
Many faculty have great ideas to share.
Many faculty have horror stories to tell.
Many faculty have overseas experience.
Many faculty have practical experience in the field in which they are teaching.
Many faculty have professional experience in cross-cultural settings.
Many faculty have their course syllabi and assignments online.
Many faculty have very old computing equipment.
Many faculty have voice mail.
Many faculty have web pages on grits.
Many faculty hire student assistants who help with research or course-related activities.
Many faculty hold joint professorships in two of the three schools.
Many faculty invite students to use email as an alternative to office hours.
Many faculty maintain extensive web sites in support of their courses and their research.
Many faculty make less than prison guards.
Many faculty nearing retirement are interested in an early retirement plan.
Many faculty now promote teaching with technology, but little has been done to assess the impact.
Many faculty now seek reassigned time for scholarly endeavors.
Many faculty prefer a report at the mid-point and at the end of each academic term.
Many faculty provide course notes and other materials on the web.
Many faculty provide notes and other course materials through the file servers.
Many faculty provide online course resouces for student review and online assignments.
Many faculty pursue collaborative research with other researchers whose expertise is complementary.
Many faculty react adversely to commands from up high.
Many faculty require that students keep a record of time spent in the lab each semester.
Many faculty say that they attempt to teach students to think.
Many faculty serve on the editorial boards of major journals.
Many faculty show a strong interest in increasing their level of international activity.
Many faculty still see technology as something added to their regular course content.
Many faculty strive throughout their careers to be good teachers.
Many faculty take advantage of research opportunities.
Many faculty teach courses for more than one major.
Many faculty teach the same seminar content more than once .
Many faculty use it to provide course documents for their classes.
Many faculty utilize their computers for class preparation and presentations.
Many faculty utilize whole-brain, integrative and accelerated learning techniques in their teaching.
Many faculty wish to use the same titles.
More faculty are eligible for sabbaticals than apply or take leave.
More faculty are using resources and more students want resources.
More faculty faces.
More faculty leave the university after receiving tenure than is generally recognized.
Most faculties also have additional exam periods.
Most Faculties are willing to hold open for one year any offer of a place which has been accepted.
Most faculties have a final examination.
Most faculties have several different courses of study.
Most faculties have their own computer facilities.
Most faculties have their own libraries.
Most faculties offer courses taught in English.
Most faculties offer their own students study and computer facilities.
Most faculties operate internally their own version of a discretionary budget reallocation.
Most faculty accept undergraduate students.
Most faculty advise five or fewer new students.
Most faculty affiliated with the program are members of the graduate faculty.
Most faculty allow their department chair and department secretary to schedule meetings and tasks.
Most faculty already have a full set of obligations.
Most faculty also seem pleased with the experiment.
Most faculty also use e-mail as part of class communication with students.
Most faculty are clueless about it.
Most faculty are extremely friendly and approachable.
Most faculty are full-time employees.
Most faculty are full-time.
Most faculty are happy to respond to such inquiries.
Most faculty are in process fatigue regarding technology.
Most faculty are only familiar with the lecture format.
Most faculty are reluctant to think much about the issue.
Most faculty are unavailable for proposal meetings during summer sessions.
Most faculty are unconcerned with and unaware of the minutiae of divisional senate operations.
Most faculty are very attentive to what they learn from SET forms.
Most faculty are well aware of how exciting research in primary sources can be.
Most faculty are willing to make such appointments with reasonable advance notice.
Most faculty are willing to work hard for the benefit of hardworking students.
Most faculty are willing to work with students at any stage in their academic career.
Most faculty ask students to use primary sources and peer-reviewed scholarly articles.
Most faculty begin by placing their course syllabus on the Web.
Most faculty bring their lunches.
Most faculty choose to receive the salary in the summer months in lieu of teaching.
Most faculty come here and stay here to do research.
Most faculty discuss their research programs on their faculty home pages .
Most faculty do teach, some more than others.
Most faculty expect students to participate in classroom discussions.
Most faculty feel that fully integrating the courses provide a richer experience for everyone.
Most faculty feel the descending of a cloud of responsibility.
Most faculty give non-multiple choice exams and include many word problems on the exams.
Most faculty has expertise.
Most faculty have a Web page that includes a course syllabus and lists grades within five days.
Most faculty have experience either working or consulting for private business or government.
Most faculty have external funding for their research.
Most faculty have master's degrees, and many have doctorates.
Most faculty have no industrial work experience.
Most faculty have research labs and are supported by grants.
Most faculty have sufficient grants to run their research programs.
Most faculty have their email addresses posted within their department web page.
Most faculty hold the doctoral degree.
Most faculty offers ranges.
Most faculty post their contact hours on their office doors.
Most faculty post their office hours on their office doors.
Most faculty provides deep expertise.
Most faculty provides expertise.
Most faculty provides guidance.
Most faculty provides materials.
Most faculty provides plant materials.
Most faculty provides scientific expertise.
Most faculty receive a large amount of email regarding admissions.
Most faculty receive a large amount of e-mail regarding admissions.
Most faculty receive complimentary copies of new texts from publishers as a promotional tool.
Most faculty receive help the day they call with computer trouble shooting and teaching practices.
Most faculty regularly provide students the opportunity to submit course evaluation forms.
Most faculty require students to attend three meetings.
Most faculty require the use of one of the two styles for research papers.
Most faculty serve on school committees.
Most faculty still use materials in the Library and expect their students to do the same.
Most faculty think of themselves as information dispensers in the classroom.
Most faculty understand the concepts of reading and computer literacy.
Most faculty using any web course tools offered centrally are generally satisfied.
Some faculties allow supplementary examinations.
Some faculties also offer additional orientation and transition activities.
Some faculties also provide some partial matching funds.
Some faculties have larger reading rooms which are shared by all students attending the faculty.
Some faculties have their own fitness centres.
Some faculties like to use our resources, mailing list and forum system.
Some faculties offer a wide range of subjects leading to the award of a degree.
Some faculties offer doctoral degrees combining research and advanced coursework.
Some faculties offer scholarships for students undertaking an overseas exchange.
Some faculties require certain courses.
Some faculties require work experience for admission.
Some faculties supply lockers for their students.
Some faculty advise student clubs, while others mentor undergraduate researchers.
Some faculty agree.
Some faculty already believe they're doing renewal.
Some faculty also have appointments in clinical departments.
Some faculty also have available assistantships funded by research grants.
Some faculty also maintain course web pages .
Some faculty also maintain their own personal faculty web pages .
Some faculty also place syllabi and review sheets on-line for students to access any time.
Some faculty also place syllabi and test files in the reserve area as well.
Some faculty also present.
Some faculty also provide links to related sites, encouraging motivated students to explore further.
Some faculty also provide services.
Some faculty also provide some testing via the Internet.
Some faculty also provides direct services to some of our clients.
Some faculty also request tutors for their classrooms.
Some faculty also require students to find replacements before being permitted to drop a course.
Some faculty are also part of the graduate faculty for master degree programs in education.
Some faculty are cautious about research priorities that favor market interests.
Some faculty are concerned that students get trapped in basic skills programs.
Some faculty are early adopters of technology-enhanced teaching methodologies.
Some faculty are in favor of showing missed exam questions to the students.
Some faculty are members of more than one of the listed organizations.
Some faculty are more demanding than others.
Some faculty are more interested in research than in teaching.
Some faculty are only happy if they get the specific tools they want.
Some faculty are reluctant to serve.
Some faculty are so busy that is takes numerous requests to get a faculty report.
Some faculty are too direct.
Some faculty are willing to advise students who want to pursue projects of their own.
Some faculty ask for students to come to their class to discuss topics of interest.
Some faculty ask students to conduct real-time small group work using the chat rooms.
Some faculty believe they are above review.
Some faculty call it integrated because they can see patterns.
Some faculty choose to make old exams and other materials available in digital form.
Some faculty consider cooperative learning as cheating.
Some faculty disagree feeling the policy goes beyond privacy issues.
Some faculty do in the format fllllll.
Some faculty do, too.
Some faculty doubt the efficacy of a one credit course in oral communication.
Some faculty enforce a much stricter standard.
Some faculty explain the pattern as a result of students' growing aversion to reading.
Some faculty fear the possibility of a lawsuit following an accusation of student cheating.
Some faculty feel disenfranchised.
Some faculty feel that a checklist is necessary to insure objectivity in the scoring of students.
Some faculty fellows to attend conferences.
Some faculty find it hard to locate good case materials.
Some faculty fund an incoming student within an existing grant.
Some faculty get good ideas for writing assignments from colleagues in other disciplines.
Some faculty give extra credit to students attending the workshops.
Some faculty give preference to graduating seniors.
Some faculty has backgrounds.
Some faculty has cultural backgrounds.
Some faculty has different backgrounds.
Some faculty has different cultural backgrounds.
Some faculty has levels.
Some faculty have a basic mistrust of the administrative computing center. .
Some faculty have a quick turn-around time, others take longer.
Some faculty have a second college-supplied workstation for home use.
Some faculty have assignments due on the first night of class.
Some faculty have assignments in more than one department and sometimes in more than one college.
Some faculty have funds to hire undergraduates to help in either labs or with research.
Some faculty have funds to hire undergraduates to help in their laboratories or with research.
Some faculty have hypertext links to more information.
Some faculty have international research interests.
Some faculty have particular ideas about the writing style.
Some faculty have students do oral presentations or posters.
Some faculty have summer appointments.
Some faculty have their own project pages they keep up to date.
Some faculty hires students.
Some faculty hold professional leadership positions on boards of directors.
Some faculty incorporate a CAT into every class session.
Some faculty install software on a server and tell the students to download and use it.
Some faculty integrate the assessments as regular class activities.
Some faculty involves students.
Some faculty is dedicated to principles.
Some faculty maintain that closing their doors makes students feel unwelcome.
Some faculty make special arguments for applicants they want to advance up the list.
Some faculty make their working papers accessible from their personal web pages.
Some faculty never get a PIN because they've simply never needed one.
Some faculty obtain money to pay undergraduates from research grants for work in their labs.
Some faculty offer extra credit for attending the cluster.
Some faculty offer the services of their students to assist faculty in web page creation.
Some faculty play rousing music before lecturing.
Some faculty prefer moving the keyboard to different positions.
Some faculty prefer smaller groups and others want a large group presentation.
Some faculty prefer to use it twice, once around mid-term and once in the final two weeks.
Some faculty prepares proposals.
Some faculty provide course-related material to students via a Web site.
Some faculty provide research assistantships.
Some faculty provide the files online for students to print prior to class.
Some faculty pursue professional development through directed research.
Some faculty read or distribute unsigned excerpts from outstanding papers.
Some faculty regard the existing exemption from finals as a nice perk.
Some faculty require a very high start-up expense for equipment, etc.
Some faculty require attendance.
Some faculty require one group conference as the students prepare to present.
Some faculty require other time frames for the spacing of assignment submissions.
Some faculty require students to submit assignments electronically.
Some faculty require students to use the Web to download course information.
Some faculty require the use of specific software programs for their courses.
Some faculty require trial lessons for placement in their schedule.
Some faculty resist teaching classes in residence halls, team-teaching or working collaboratively.
Some faculty still think it's an eyesore.
Some faculty stop meeting job expectations after they receive tenure.
Some faculty takes places.
Some faculty think that centers only help weak writers.
Some faculty trivialize female graduate students and their career paths.
Some faculty use an outline for a review.
Some faculty use both.
Some faculty use online computer-centered technologies to instruct their classes.
Some faculty use the Web as a tool for a specific task or section of the term.
Some faculty view the lack of resources as inadequate support for improving instruction.
A fad diet is a diet
Fad diets abound.
Fad diets are abundant.
Fad diets are flawed in other important ways.
Fad diets are to be avoided because they are nutritionally unsound.
Fad diets are unsafe and harmful.
Fad diets are unsafe, and some can even be life threatening.
Fad diets are usually full of crap.
Fad diets are usually short lived in popularity.
Fad diets can be dangerous, unproductive, and unhealthy.
Fad diets can even threaten health, the authors claim.
Fad diets can generate self-inflicted problems.
Fad diets come and go.
Fad diets continue to find countless followers.
Fad diets fail to provide ways to keep excess weight off.
Fad diets promise rapid weight loss but actually encourage unhealthy dietary habits.
Fad diets provide the illusion of a quick fix.
Many fad diets are unhealthy and even dangerous if followed for any length of time.
Many fad diets call for an imbalanced food intake and can create poor nutritional status.
Most fad diets provide poor nutrition and cause a number of side effects.
Most fad diets work.
Fad teams exist because someone thinks it s the thing to do.
Fad workouts come in and out of style, largely because long-term growth is limited.
A fad is fashion
FAD binding is inhibited by several nucleotides.
Fads are a perfect teaching opportunity to show our kids what really important in life.
Fads are a sub-type of fashions.
Fads are cyclical.
Fads are easy because they change quickly, and always promise something new.
Fads are fads, folks, and they have a hot season, then it's all downhill.
Fads are fashion.
Fads are like crushes.
Fads are like that.
Fads are most likely to become trends when they are anchored to deep needs.
Fads are one of the worst methods of advertising.
Fads are seductive.
Fads are temporary, mostly insignificant changes in preference or action.
Fads are there to be followed.
Fads can also be a state of mind.
Fads can be harder to capitalize on.
Fads can kill good products.
Fads can last forever no matter how weak they are in logical reasoning.
Fads change, and brewers react.
Fads come and go but rock'n'roll has stayed.
Fads come and go but RUSH has always remained dedicated to creating the music they love.
Fads come and go in education, often at the expense of students.
Fads come and go in Springfield, and it has Springfield's eye.
Fads come and go now even faster than before.
Fads come and go so the crowds found something else to do and stopped coming around.
Fads come and go, but certain technologies just plain work.
Fads come and go, but some things go on forever - traditional wooden toys for example.
Fads come and go, but there are some underlying investment fundamentals that remain.
Fads come and go, but they do provide a rationale for characters to change.
Fads come and go, in clothing, cars, and psychics.
Fads come and go, too.
Fads come and go.
Fads fade away and better ideas come along.
Fads fade fast.
Fads fads and more fads.
Fads flare up and die away, what's cool today is old tomorrow.
Fads go in and out of fashion relatively quickly while trends endure.
Fads have no place in our schools.
Fads occur because of our desire to be part of a group.
Fads reflect the society in which they develop.
Fads seems to start in California and progress to east coast.
Fads start from the top down.
Fads always fail.
Fads often get more attention than they deserve.
Some fads are harmless, like hula hoops or pet rocks.
Faddish multiculturalism is sweeping American academia and public education.
Faddish things come.
A fade is a conclusion
Fades are a fairly quick process.
Fades are more apt to become slices and draws to become hooks.
Fades are smooth.
Fades are terminations.
Fades can cause inaudibility and are considered gaps when the recording becomes fully inaudible.
Fades look like fades and slices look like slices.
Fadeaway photos make compelling callouts.
Faded color is undesirable.
Faded colors make objects like mountains look farther away.
Faded costumes are a poor reminder of a peoples history.
Faded flowers indicate that the graves are decorated, but unknown when.
Faded franchises claim privileged status and demand the game be played their slower-moving way.
Faded jeans are fine, but stay away from jeans with holes.
Faded paint is common but rust is usually dealt with promptly.
Faded photos show horses bringing a car for the area's first tramway into the valley.
Faded print strains the eyes and grade.
Faded slides are typically red because the Cyan dye has faded.
Faded spots are now clearly visible on the upper leaflet surface.
Faden lines manifest primarily in tabular shaped crystals.
Fadings are bands.
A fado is a folk ballad
Fado is the music at the heart of Portugal.
Fado says several reporters choked up at the scene.
Faecal incontinence affects men and women of all ages.
Faecal matter is an excretory product
Faecal matter is collected and stored separately and composted in special bins.
Faecal pellets form long chains and can sometimes be seen draped over corals.
Faecal sterols are source- specific.
Faerie glamour sprinkles the air.
A faerie is a spiritual being
Faeries are a pale and motley race that flowers in the minds of decent folk.
Faeries are more intimate, less daunting.
Faeries are nature spirit.
Faeries are spirits of nature.
Faeries bring pleasure with gentle acts of kindness.
Faeries can work in the garden, helping it to grow and blossom.
Faeries have a rare gift for beautiful music.
Faeries insist on being themselves, shape-shifting endlessly.
Faeries live in hearts of children and dreamers.
Faeries love music and to dance to hypnotic and beautiful sounds.
All faeries appear on the threshold of what is and what is to be.
Every faerie comes with a certificate of authenticity.
Faery beings are special because they represent aspects of nature.
Many faery folk have a fondness for horses.
Faery talk is often backwards, and very shrill or birdlike.
A faery is a spiritual being
Faeries are beings that live in the forests, water, and flowers of the world.
Faeries are fallen angels.
Faeries are in the air.
Faeries are nature spirits.
Faeries are our hearts, our laughter and our life source.
Faeries are the souls of dead pagans.
Faeries can be full of nasty tricks.
Faeries come together to examine their projections and their sense of wrong and evil.
Faeries conceptualize gatherings in many different ways.
Faeries insist on being themselves, shape-shifting endlessly.
Faeries mostly sleep during the day and dance through the night.
Faeries relax, and smile more.
Faeries see the universe as wholly alive and sacred.
Faeries therefore are cautious, caring stewards of country space.
Faery shows that the colonizers' desire for land fused with their desire for Native women.
Faeries often dance in circles in the grass which are called faerie rings.
A fag is smoke
Fags are artistic, and homophobes have a strong work ethic.
Fags are cigarettes.
Fags are violent.
Fags burn in hell.
Fags live filthy, unhealty, dangerous, unhappy, and in many cases, violent lives.
Fags pretending to be great is pretty funny.
Fags still cruise there.
Fags take it to the limit.
All fags are catamites and pederasts at heart.
A faggot is a bundle
Faggots are so fickle.
Faggots run in packs.
A fagot is a bundle
Fagot knows the flavor.
Faial cooks prefer collard greens because they like the tender texture.
Faience beads are very unusual and difficult to find.
Faience pottery climbs to the ceiling, and a white flotilla of tables fills the small dining room.
Faience seals depict an archer shooting an animal or a coiled, dragon-headed snake.
Fail months celebrate the harvest.
Failed connections are primarily timeouts caused by slowness in the network or at the remote host.
Failed expectations are a major source of the kind of disappointment that produces failure.
Failed rallies prove costly.
Failed relationships are at the root of our social problems.
Failed signals provide as much information on the market as successful signals.
Failed states continue to breed civil war and anarchy.
Failed steps are often excellent clues to the cause of the problem.
Failover configurations are advisable for load balancers, firewalls, and networking devices.
Failover detection ensures site availability.
Failure analysis becomes technically complex and intellectually difficult.
Failure analysis consists of investigations to find out how and why something failed.
Failure analysis is a critical element of the electronics industry.
Failure analysis is a primary activity of programmers and a major concern of administrators.
Failure analysis is performed thoroughly and immediate necessary corrective action implemented.
Failure analysis is underway to determine the cause of the failure.
Failure analysis reports deficiencies for continuing improvement.
Failure cause is often very difficult to fully diagnose or hypothesize.
Failure causes are numerous, but certain general facts are known.
Failure detectors are now at the core of many fault-tolerant applications and systems.
Failure mode is an important consideration in any security mechanism.
Failure modes are correlated with the mechanical deterioration of the elastomeric cable materials.
Failure modes are the ways in which devices fail.
All failure modes are overt and instantly signalled so that repair can be initiated immediately.
Failure of issue is definite or indefinite.
Failure patients have tendencies.
Failure rate is high.
Failure rate is quite high in some areas.
Failure rate is very low.
Failure rates are high and the durability of the reported changes is questionable.
Failure rates are higher in younger more fertile women.
Failure rates are lower among older people who put lower demand on the joints.
Failure rates are rates.
Failure rates are unclear.
Failure rates vary by method with one third or more resulting in ectopic pregnancy.
Failure adds fuel to the fire of creativity.
Failure also delays the pace of the overall program.
Failure becomes a word too often spoken.
Failure becomes predictable.
Failure begets failure.
Failure begins in an excuse, a short cut.
Failure breeds fatigue, and the fatigue makes it harder to get to work, which compounds the failure.
Failure can be a better teacher than success.
Failure can be a goad to eventual success.
Failure can be a good thing.
Failure can be a great foundation.
Failure can be a reason to succeed.
Failure can be a wonderful thing.
Failure can be an important catalyst to success.
Failure can be as bitter as success can be sweet.
Failure can be catastrophic.
Failure can be disastrous, so look for pitting or burn marks.
Failure can be fatal, humiliating, or often both.
Failure can be final.
Failure can be good feedback.
Failure can be in many forms such as electrocution or fire.
Failure can be one of our greatest teachers.
Failure can be our greatest resource.
Failure can be very expensive.
Failure can become success.
Failure can bring joy.
Failure can cause unpredictable results.
Failure can follow getting only one thing wrong.
Failure can grind down slowly, painfully, over more than a decade.
Failure can have a positive side.
Failure can help children see another way to solve a problem.
Failure can lead to greater understanding, introspection.
Failure can leave a pastor devastated and emotionally empty.
Failure can occur sooner in the tropics or on boats that are frequently raced hard.
Failure can point the way to greater growth.
Failure can simply be a twist on the road to success.
Failure can spring from six different conditions.
Failure can teach kids that they have to try harder.
Failure carries with it the seal of an open door opportunity to improve the next time.
Failure causes client to be disconnected.
Failure causes members to leave.
Failure causes one to be unhappy.
Failure comes easily to everyone, but the price of success is perseverance.
Failure comes in can'ts.
Failure comes with the territory.
Failure constitutes contempt.
Failure contains the roots of future success.
Failure cuts like knife to the bone.
Failure do to heat problems.
Failure does affect cumulative g.p.a.
Failure does cost something.
Failure drives change.
Failure drives control expressions and inhibits subsequent evaluation.
Failure equals feedback.
Failure equals innovation.
Failure erupts if zero division occurs.
Failure feels devastating because both partners think they ve let the other down.
Failure generally is unpredictable.
Failure generally occurs after one million cycles.
Failure generally occurs when one million cycles are exceeded.
Failure gets our attention, it fosters an emotional response, which is essential for learning.
Failure gives no information.
Failure grants no credit.
Failure happens only because their time to succeed runs out.
Failure has a thousand explanations.
Failure has many causes.
Failure has no effect.
Failure has nothing to do with getting the paper out on time or arranging a less than ideal staff.
Failure has to be fun.
Failure here extends the supplier s requirement for delivering a timely and usable proposal.
Failure here has many outcomes.
Failure here means failure all along the line.
Failure here refers to hardware faults.
Failure here results in preaching just on a subject, rather than to living, feeling, needy people.
Failure holds no prisoners.
Failure humiliates voters and punishes governments.
Failure implies error.
Failure includes corrupt or politicized financial systems.
Failure includes failing to open the database or the input file, or invalid options.
Failure includes unreliable payment clearing and settlement systems.
Failure increases apathy and diminishes individual commitment.
Failure increases with longer interval between unprotected intercourse and insertion.
Failure indicates that the bio-enhanced character has become Incapacitated.
Failure invades all of our lives at one time or another.
Failure is a big part of the learning experience.
Failure is a chance to change tactics and exercise another option.
Failure is a choice.
Failure is a collection of somedays and maybes.
Failure is a costly prospect.
Failure is a dress rehearsal for success.
Failure is a fact of life.
Failure is a fine teacher.
Failure is a foregone conclusion.
Failure is a friend.
Failure is a good motivator.
Failure is a good thing in the development world, it teaches developers quite a bit.
Failure is a good thing.
Failure is a great teacher.
Failure is a greater teacher than success.
Failure is a hard word to swallow.
Failure is a learning experience.
Failure is a lonely experience.
Failure is a magnificent teacher, and one which is unavoidable in any serious attempt.
Failure is a natural and necessary part of the process.
Failure is a negative status symbol and source of shame in some socially well-placed families.
Failure is a part of any groundbreaking effort.
Failure is a part of life, as is success.
Failure is a part of life.
Failure is a part of medicine.
Failure is a part of success.
Failure is a part of that.
Failure is a part of the process.
Failure is a poison whose only antidote is a strong dose of egotism.
Failure is a positive experience.
Failure is a possibility.
Failure is a predictable occurrence.
Failure is a prerequisite for success.
Failure is a private funeral.
Failure is a product of increasing competition.
Failure is a public event, and the adolescent senses an audience's disapproval.
Failure is a real good teacher.
Failure is a recurring experience in the life of every person.
Failure is a relative term and is often determined by perception rather than fact.
Failure is a relative term.
Failure is a sad possibility for the believer.
Failure is a scary thing for any child.
Failure is a school in which the truth always grows strong.
Failure is a teacher.
Failure is a temporary setback, and success is a collection of failures.
Failure is a terrible teacher, and to use it as a teaching tool is irresponsible.
Failure is a valuable tool.
Failure is a very nasty word in our culture.
Failure is a very real part of being an entrepreneur.
Failure is a very real part of small business.
Failure is a way of life.
Failure is a word that strikes fear in the heart of everybody.
Failure is about something else.
Failure is actually the norm in the cloning business.
Failure is agony.
Failure is all about learning from failure, and recovering from it.
Failure is also a learning mechanism.
Failure is also part of the learning.
Failure is always an orphan, but success has many fathers.
Failure is always due to inability to allocate memory needed for tables during the analysis.
Failure is always the opportunity to learn something.
Failure is always the unintended result.
Failure is an act
Failure is an end.
Failure is an essential ingredient in reaching maturity.
Failure is an essential part of growth.
Failure is an essential precursor to success.
Failure is an essential self-education function in market economies.
Failure is an event, never a person.
Failure is an excellent teacher.
Failure is an eye whose penetrating stare cuts through every rationalization.
Failure is an important part of learning.
Failure is an integral part of creativity.
Failure is an integral part of the process of becoming successful.
Failure is an intrinsic part of success.
Failure is an opportunity to learn, to improve, to develop, to grow.
Failure is an option.
Failure is an orphan .
Failure is an orphan.
Failure is an ugly word.
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Failure is anticipated and avoided.
Failure is appreciated here.
Failure is as informative, often more so, than success.
Failure is as much deserving of attention as success if future success is to be assured.
Failure is assured even for the brightest learning disabled students.
Failure is at the initial detection of deformation or rupture.
Failure is attributed mostly to material defect.
Failure is attributed to a lack of effort and seen as a part of the learning process.
Failure is built in.
Failure is capable of illusion.
Failure is capable of lower expectations.
Failure is clearly evident throughout the educational system.
Failure is common and a part of the learning and growth process .
Failure is common and often fatal, for such a person.
Failure is common when searching for opportunity.
Failure is common, success is rare.
Failure is complicated.
Failure is considered part of the learning process.
Failure is contagious but success is infectious.
Failure is defined as a permanent decrease in the load carrying capacity.
Failure is defined as an inability to provide employment for their growing populations.
Failure is defined as cracked or leaking.
Failure is defined as the inability of the boomilever to carry additional load.
Failure is defined to occur when the battery can no longer provide the required energy.
Failure is detected in two ways.
Failure is Disastrous.
Failure is disorder.
Failure is earned after three failed attempts.
Failure is easy.
Failure is either a blessing or a curse, depending upon the individuals reaction or response to it.
Failure is everywhere.
Failure is failure, damage is damage, injury is injury and death is death.
Failure is far more common than success, disappointment more normal than arrival.
Failure is final, results from personal inadequacy, a problem located within the individual.
Failure is final.
Failure is fortune.
Failure is good.
Failure is guaranteed.
Failure is happening.
Failure is how almost all learning takes place.
Failure is imminent, and even a decreased amount of stress can cause fracture.
Failure is imminent.
Failure is Impossible serve as valuable teaching tools.
Failure is impossible.
Failure is Impossible.
Failure is in the nature of addiction.
Failure is indicated by the document sliding left.
Failure is indicated by throwing an exception.
Failure is inherent with the business.
Failure is instructive.
Failure is job separation.
Failure is just a barrier.
Failure is just another opportunity to practice at succeeding.
Failure is just another way of climbing the mountain.
Failure is just as easy to combat as success is to obtain.
Failure is just part of the culture of innovation.
Failure is just success in work clothes.
Failure is laden with a sense of finality and negativity that handicaps progress.
Failure is located in casinos.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Failure is more painful, therefore it is formats on our minds.
Failure is never failure.
Failure is never fatal and success is never final.
Failure is never fatal.
Failure is never just an individual matter in Japan.
Failure is never permanent.
Failure is no barrier.
Failure is no crime.
Failure is no longer an option.
Failure is no predictor of failure.
Failure is no sin.
Failure is normal and part of the learning process.
Failure is nothing more than a simple lesson in life.
Failure is nothing new in spaceflight and there is nothing that can be done about it.
Failure is nothing to be afraid of.
Failure is nothing to be ashamed of, but rather something to learn from.
Failure is now in fashion.
Failure is often a better teacher than success.
Failure is often a stepping stone to greater success.
Failure is often more interesting than success.
Failure is often the first necessary step toward success.
Failure is okay.
Failure is omissions.
Failure is only bad if it remains failure.
Failure is only failure when Despair enters to rule and ruin.
Failure is only temporary.
Failure is only the opportunity more intelligently to begin again.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again with more intelligently.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently.
Failure is our destiny.
Failure is painful.
Failure is part of living successfully.
Failure is part of success .
Failure is part of success.
Failure is part of the game.
Failure is part of the gardening experience.
Failure is part of the growth process.
Failure is part of the main formula for success.
Failure is part of the process of success.
Failure is part of the process.
Failure is partly due to the lack of knowledge about the physiology of weight loss.
Failure is personal.
Failure is possible at any step.
Failure is probably the most fatiguing experience a person ever has.
Failure is programmed into expectation.
Failure is punished.
Failure is raised.
Failure is rare enough to be surprising.
Failure is really another opportunity to succeed.
Failure is referred to as a mistake, error, false start, miss, etc.
Failure is remembered, and the transaction is aborted when it does terminate.
Failure is returned if the security context is invalid for example.
Failure is scary for most people.
Failure is seen as a form of learning.
Failure is seen as an ending, the inability to learn something new, rather than an opportunity.
Failure is seen as something to be ashamed of in Europe.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
Failure is simply a learning experience.
Failure is simply the price they pay for success.
Failure is so listless.
Failure is something that is actually valued in the Internet economy.
Failure is success in action.
Failure is success' only launching pad.
Failure is such an uncomfortable concept.
Failure is surrounded by so many human emotions - sadness, longing, loneliness, and fear.
Failure is survival.
Failure is temporary, but so is success.
Failure is termed a capital loss.
Failure is the beginning of success.
Failure is the cost of freedom.
Failure is the first step to succeeding.
Failure is the great sieve.
Failure is the greatest accomplishment there is.
Failure is the highway to success.
Failure is the ignition to all greatness.
Failure is the long road to management success.
Failure is the measure of the wager.
Failure is the most common fact of life in California.
Failure is the most inalienable right in America.
Failure is the mother of success, so don t worry and grief.
Failure is the norm, success the exception.
Failure is the only opportunity to more intelligently begin again.
Failure is the only path to success.
Failure is the only road to success.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently.
Failure is the path of least persistence.
Failure is the perfect stepping stone to success.
Failure is the prelude to most of life's significant successes.
Failure is the same way.
Failure is the secret of success.
Failure is the stepping stone of success .
Failure is the stepping stone to success.
Failure is the true test of greatness.
Failure is the wasting away of potential.
Failure is the way to gain experience.
Failure is to give up trying.
Failure is too high a price to pay.
Failure is unacceptable.
Failure is unbearable.
Failure is understood as one possible outcome in the overall game.
Failure is unimportant.
Failure is unthinkable.
Failure is usually due to an invalid password.
Failure is usually fatal.
Failure is usually from root rot, especially when planted in cold wet soil.
Failure is usually the line of least persistence.
Failure is usually when the contact resistance exceeds an end of life value.
Failure is viewed as part of the process and accepted as a starting point from which to begin again.
Failure is what people do ninety-nine percent of the time.
Failure is what's interesting.
Failure is Written in Pencil offers a healing prescription to the crippling ravages of failure.
Failure isa event.
Failure just means status quo goes on being status quo.
Failure keeps most writers skeptical and skittish.
Failure kills confidence in the ability to deliver a quality solution.
Failure le ads to success .
Failure leads to a reduction of self-esteem, which leads to tension, anxiety, and stress.
Failure leads to disorder.
Failure leads to rejection.
Failure Let's talk about failure.
Failure looms larger where it is a consequence of missed opportunity.
Failure makes people bitter and cruel.
Failure makes people cruel and bitter.
Failure makes success sweeter.
Failure makes successes more enjoyable.
Failure makes the successes more exciting.
Failure means closure of the mill, the last employer in a rural Ohio town.
Failure means death while success means being on the lam perhaps forever.
Failure means death.
Failure means destruction.
Failure means disqualification.
Failure means having to spend twenty minutes getting to that point again, which becomes tedious.
Failure means industry moving out.
Failure means load refusal, breakage, or separation of component parts.
Failure means nothing happens.
Failure means the search goes on.
Failure means the spell dissipates without effect.
Failure means they do it, usually on the phone, while the counselor listens.
Failure means they jump right in.
Failure models useful in fatigue and distortion circumstances.
Failure occurs after fax software answers call.
Failure occurs here.
Failure occurs if f is already open, or the call to f .
Failure occurs in bridging business concepts, technical planning and development.
Failure occurs randomly.
Failure occurs when liabilities outweigh assets.
Failure occurs when the matrix viscosity becomes too low to transfer the load to the reinforcement.
Failure occurs when the sum achieves a value of unity.
Failure only comes from failure to attempt.
Failure only comes with quiting.
Failure only teaches a child how to fail.
Failure permits no alibis.
Failure piles on failure.
FaiLure plays a variety of rock, hard rock, and alternative music.
Failure produces guilt and fear of punishment and rejection.
Failure produces public humiliation.
Failure produces the opposite effect.
Failure provides increased opportunities for success.
Failure reflects the inability to understand what is required.
Failure reinforces itself.
Failure requires only one or a few things being wrong.
Failure requires re-testing.
Failure restores perspective.
Failure results from a few errors in judgment continued over a long period of time.
Failure results from trying to please countless people.
Failure results in a forfeit.
Failure results in a fracture through which the innertube herniates and explodes.
Failure results in a side out.
Failure results in long-term damage to wheat yields.
Failure results in lying.
Failure results in retest at end of cycle.
Failure results in the damage being doubled.
Failure rises on all sides.
Failure spurs many champions.
Failure still has a sting.
Failure teaches success and failure gets nothing from success.
Failure teaches success.
Failure tends to beget more failure when one has low self esteem.
Failure tends to result from incorrect and inconsistent use.
Failure terminates the Ph.D. program in the semester in which it was given.
Failure thins the herd.
Failure thus becomes the criterion of success.
Failure undermines the respect of citizens for their government and breeds suspicion and distrust.
Failure wastes the time and effort of our most valuable asset, our talented people.
Failures affect the power of a study.
Failures aimed in the right direction are part of the innovation process.
Failures also affect fewer people as less equipment and cabling is shared by users.
Failures also provide the reference point for future comparisons.
Failures appear to be anomalies with no traceable cause.
Failures are a necessary prelude to success.
Failures are a normal part of submitting to thousands of places.
Failures are an important as learning from success.
Failures are bad because they do damage.
Failures are commonplace.
Failures are costly, both economically and socially.
Failures are difficult to locate and difficult to reach.
Failures are easier to measure than successes.
Failures are far more important than successes.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
Failures are forgivable and life has real purpose.
Failures are fuel for future attempts and inevitable success.
Failures are hard to look at and be objective about.
Failures are inevitable.
Failures are instructive.
Failures are just opportunities to learn.
Failures are more interesting to deconstruct.
Failures are often more interesting than successes in real science.
Failures are often the result of fatigue or stress.
Failures are only superficial skinned knees.
Failures are opportunities.
Failures are part of the steering mechanism that directs an economy toward prosperity.
Failures are rare.
Failures are simply compasses that point to learning opportunities.
Failures are the pillars of success.
Failures are the stepping stones to success.
Failures become lessons and work becomes fun.
Failures blot the sands of shame at the Bay of Pigs.
Failures can also occur as a result of incomplete sprinkler protection.
Failures can arise from mechanical, human or environmental factors.
Failures can be catastrophic, resulting in property damage, serious injuries or death.
Failures can be catastrophic.
Failures can be the stepping stones to great new ways of looking at life.
Failures can bring unity to the family if the husband and wife stand as one.
Failures can damage corporate image and cause severe financial losses.
Failures can have a huge cost though.
Failures can have embarrassing, and often painful, consequences.
Failures can occur due to improper material selection and poor quality control.
Failures can occur during manufacturing or while the product is in service.
Failures can occur for a number of reasons, some easier to diagnose than others.
Failures can pollute wells, lakes, and streams.
Failures can provide valuable lessons.
Failures can reflect poorly on all team members.
Failures can result in plant lockdowns.
Failures can result in pollution of wells, lakes, and streams.
Failures can result in significant loss of computation.
Failures can show up as a variety of boot problems.
Failures can wreak havoc on productivity and safety.
Failures come with the territory.
Failures comes in can'ts.
Failures create new opportunities.
Failures dissolve into oblivion.
Failures do happen and they are on the record.
Failures do occur.
Failures further delay the look of a beautiful lawn and translate into even more watering.
Failures happen in all of our lives, no one is exempt.
Failures have an additional argument that represents the probability of that failure occurring.
Failures here are difficult to recover from.
Failures here can affect the whole operation.
Failures infest the jungles of Vietnam.
Failures is a sister site.
Failures is the number of failures encountered from the start of system testing to time t.
Failures lead to success.
Failures mark the slow death of freedom in Laos.
Failures occur when ambiguity breeds ambivalence.
Failures occur when an error passes through the interface of the system.
Failures offers news articles, rumors, and statistics related to e-commerce business failures.
Failures require intraoral excision of the culpable sublingual salivary gland lobe.
Failures result from installation errors as well as from product defects.
Failures result in smaller cash and non-cash awards at the end of the month.
Failures result in spectacular accidents , damage to property, and often in bodily harm and death.
Failures resulting from weather or fire are well-controlled.
Failures tend to be more beneficial for learning than successes are.
Failures think that everything happens by accident and chance.
Failures underwnet surgical decompression.
Failures yield opportunities for future improvement.
Failure always comes before success.
Failures frequently occur in welded joints.
Failure often can be a backdoor to success.
Failure often comes when trying to turn data into action.
Failure often occurs as a result of the stress that builds up between the oxide and the alloy.
Failure often occurs near or within the weld line.
Failure often results from a lack of parental consistency or from unrealistic expectations.
Failure often results from following the line of least persistence.
Failure often results in major differential failure that is remedied by replacing the diff.
Failures sometimes occur.
All failure is temporary.
All failures are the result of a string of cause and effect relationships.
All failures are transparent to the user with no outage.
Any failure is catastrophic.
Any failure is merely a temporary setback and provides an opportunity for additional successes.
Any failure is reported instantly.
Any failure produces cooler water or none.
Any failure seems so total.
Every failure holds the seed of the next success.
Every failure involves living, breathing and too often suffering animals.
Every failure is a failure of a manager.
Every failure is a lesson for next year and every triumph is a delightful surprise.
Every failure is a piece of future luck.
Every failure is a step on the path to success No pain.
Every failure is a step to success.
Every failure is a steppingstone on the path to spiritual perfection.
Every failure is considered an opportunity for further learning.
Every failure is simply a step towards greater success.
Every failure leaves clues.
Every failure matters, and often hurts.
Every failure pushes victory further into the future.
Many failures are due to over-nicking and damaging the seed.
Many failures occur because a component is neglected and runs low on lubricant or coolant.
Many failures result in the complete loss of the data.
Many failures stem from ignoring the financial and tax side of the operation.
More failures are likely.
More failures are no doubt in store.
Most failure occurs because of pain and impatience with or worry over the amount of flow.
Most failures are because of operator error due to lack of reading the instructions first.
Most failures are caused by infertility, and at the chick stage by starvation.
Most failures are due to an inappropriate biopsy containing only maternal decidua.
Most failures are due to cables, controllers and other peripherals.
Most failures are due to poor management.
Most failures are due to unrecognized problems, solved by minor adjustments after an internal audit.
Most failures are now ready to occur.
Most failures arise from being vague.
Most failures come form poor surface preparation.
Most failures come from the inability to locate sufficient logs at reasonable prices.
Most failures come from using shortcuts.
Most failures involve materials damage of some sort.
Most failures result from ineffective sales copy.
Most failures take place due to the lack of planning.
Some failure is inevitable.
Some failure is of our own doing, other failures just happen.
Some failures are extremely costly - both in money and in lives.
Some failures are extremely costly.
Some failures are immodest.
Some failures are minor and are overcome quickly.
Some failures are minor.
Some failures happen because of the size of the task.
Some failures strand travelers abroad without return transportation.
Many faint arms are present on the outside of the two bright ones.
Faint crease wrinkle on front cover.
Faint images are therefore at some small density greater than the fog produced by the airglow.
Faint incense rises.
Faint inklings become certainties.
Faint light causes production.
Most faint light causes production.
Faint lines indicate an adopted or miscarried child.
Faint mat burn around plate mark.
Faint pencil sketch in margin of first plate.
Faint praises tend to be damning.
Faint scratches are evident but hard to detect with the eye.
Faint spectra give poor classifications.
Faint stars are harder to see but are more common in the galaxy.
Some faint stripes run down centers.
Faint traces show it to have been erased in the copper-plate.
Faint water stain on frontispiece only.
Some faint water stains very top edges of the pages.
Faint wefts creep out along the blue and die.
A faint is loss of consciousness
Faint scratches hard to detect with the eye.
Faint shine through of text.
Fainting goats have a muscle condition called myotonia congenita.
Fair access establishes an equitable balance in Internet usage and access across the board.
All fair activities are free and open to the public.
All Fair activities are free of charge to attendees.
All Fair activities are wheelchair-accessible.
Fair adjudication is predicated upon the ability of courts to arrive at the truth.
Fair admission is extra.
Fair admission is free. .
Fair appearances are suspicious.
Fair area is easily reachable thanks to the new third-line subway.
Fair assessments can also bolster accountability and, therefore, influence education reform.
A fair ball is contact
Fair ball sticking in screen in front of right or left field bullpen is a ground rule double.
Fair ball striking screen in front of right or left field bullpen is in play.
Fair Bonuses can be a great motivation tool, even for employees of the smallest business.
Most fair booths have a similar look for a very good reason.
A fair catch is a snap
Fair catches are history.
Fair chocolate is good except for some slight flaws.
Fair comment is no defence.
Fair compensation is only part of the equation.
Fair compensation is provided.
Fair competition calls for cooperation on a worldwide basis.
Fair competition demands a reduction or stopping state aid whenever possible.
Fair competition is at the heart of the American philosophy.
Fair competition is fundamental to the free enterprise system.
Fair competition is good.
Fair competition is the base for economic development.
Fair competition is the norm.
Fair competition makes everyone better.
Fair competition means lower prices, cleaner air and a stronger economy.
Fair competition means lower prices, cleaner air, and a stronger economy.
Fair competition requires a level playing field.
Fair competition requires comparable franchise terms.
Fair condition is reflected in a lower price.
Fair conflict demonstrates and demands respect toward one another.
Fair Contracts are, once again, the holdup.
Fair control is characterized by one seizure since last visit.
Fair Critics are welcome, of course.
Fair criticism is no where.
Fair discipline is administered in order to ensure that reasonable class standards are maintained.
Fair disclosure requires that dissemination be made to all who are interested at the same time.
Fair division is impossible, and living together seems difficult, to say the least.
Fair division is the single evolutionarily stable strategy.
Fair exchange is never a robbery.
Fair exchange is no robbery.
Some fair fans do their planning as soon as they arrive by visiting one of our information booths.
Fair fighting is a way to manage conflict and associated feelings effectively.
Fair fighting is an art and a skill.
Fair fishing continues for cutts by fishing from the shore off the Bear Lake State Park marina.
Fair food covers more territory than foot-longs and candied apples.
Fair friends prove false, youth's a fleeting fable.
Fair funding depends on census information.
Fair goers are welcome to come back as often as they like.
Fair goers can register to win garden calendars and filled candy jars.
Fair goers get to see outstanding sleight of hand illusions that illustrate ecological ideas.
Fair grounds are beside the old arena.
Fair Grounds has winter racing in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Fair growth is reported in wheat.
Fair hair is undue to dares.
Fair Harbor is great for learning to windsurf.
A fair hearing is a hearing
All fair hearings begin with a request challenging some action or inaction by the welfare office.
Fair housing can be unfair to landlords.
Fair housing is a right protected by federal, state and local laws.
Fair housing is the law of the land.
Fair housing is the law.
Fair housing is the right thing to do.
Fair Housing means people have equal opportunities to choose their homes.
Fair information is sent to organization presidents during the summer.
Fair judgement requires a reasonable explanation for the unique prophetic portion of the Bible.
Fair judgment requires an honest and open mind that is willing to accept the truth.
Fair juries decide based on the evidence.
Fair landlords apply the same criteria when screening and working with all types of tenants.
Fair management is a recurring topic.
Fair mansions stand Where once their wigwams stood.
Fair markets are good for business in the long run.
Fair members can help educate the public by writing letters to the editor or their local newspapers.
Fair Oaks Ca.
Fair officials say they'll watch animal exhibits closely for any signs of problems.
Fair organization is in one way the countries' windows that open out.
Fair organizers plan to offer the event twice a year.
Fair Park features several museums and cultural institutions.
Fair Park is home to the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world.
Fair participants dress in medieval garb and play the parts of various medieval characters.
Fair pay corrects a common practice of paying less for work performed by women.
Fair pay corrects the historical practice of paying less for work performed by women.
Fair pay is a common sense business issue.
Fair pay is a family issue.
Fair pay is an economic issue.
Fair pay is fair play.
Fair pay makes recruitment and retention easier and increases productivity.
Fair people are open-minded, impartial, equitable, and just.
Fair play involves a set of corresponding rights and obligations.
Fair play is a jewel.
Fair play is a jewell.
Fair play is a positive concept.
Fair play is an alien concept.
Fair play is an honorable virtue in the realm of printed words.
Fair play is crucial for all players.
Fair play is ensured by the presence of referees.
Fair play is stressed, as is good sportsmanship.
Fair play is the essence of due process. . . .
Fair play is the key.
Fair play is the virtue of human society as well as of all sports.
Fair play is to be stressed at all times for both the participants and spectators.
Fair play means that all the necessary clues are presented.
Fair play requires no less.
Fair play teaches that sport is an ethical pursuit, one which builds character and shapes attitudes.
Fair prices assure satisfied members and parents.
Fair Prices Welcome to The Buckeye Corner.
Fair pricing means offering quality products with quality service to our customers.
Fair pricing requires all customers to share the same cost of electric power.
Fair prizes are limited to ribbons except as noted.
Fair process pursues the best ideas from whatever the source.
Fair progress reigns when groanings sad Give way to hope's exultant song.
Fair quotation is permitted according to usual scholarly conventions.
Fair rents are generally lower than market rents for the same type of property.
Fair representation is our right.
Fair reproduction is free.
Fair royalty is the county's best ambassador.
Fair rules are sufficient.
Fair schedule is posted below.
Fair scheduling is enforced by giving each task a quota of method calls.
Fair Schools are places where students are given a chance to show off their good work.
Fair share means a fair share for all.
Fair Shares meets irregularly.
Fair skin has tendencies.
Fair skin is a risk factor, although by no means is skin cancer limited to people with fair skin.
Most fair skin has tendencies.
Fair skies give way to a buildup of clouds.
Fair trade addresses environmental issues.
Fair trade allows real, lasting change and transforms people's lives.
Fair trade assumes that the consumer's freedom of choice is an injustice to the producer.
Fair trade bridges the gap between southern producers and northern consumers.
Fair trade builds new relationships and new ways of thinking about relationships.
Fair trade can rebuild and sustain cultural connections.
Fair trade come full circle.
Fair trade ensures that peasant farmers from other countries are paid fairly.
Fair trade helps build independence and community empowerment for small farmers and their families.
Fair trade helps people in developing countries sell to people in developed countries .
Fair trade helps people in developing countries sell to people in developed countries.
Fair trade holds everyone accountable, from the producer to the consumer.
Fair trade includes fair wages for workers as an integral part of the business arrangement.
Fair trade is a blend, a rich full bodied blend of premium beans from indo-pacific and costa rica.
Fair trade is a diverse movement.
Fair trade is based on the doctrine that producers have rights and consumers have duties.
Fair trade is better than aid.
Fair trade is economic nationalism.
Fair trade is important for food producers and consumers around the world.
Fair trade is much, much safer, cleaner and healthier.
Fair trade is paternalism in international commerce.
Fair trade is trade
Fair trade is trade.
Fair trade requires access to markets on a level playing field, free from trade distorting policies.
Fair trade takes many forms, but all have common values and beliefs.
Fair Traders are a key to getting the fair trade message across to their local contacts.
Fair traders come in several varieties.
Fair traders have a policy of never selling bootlegs from their collection.
Fair trading is possible only if all marketplace participants operate by the same rules.
Fair Trading provides a free bond lodgement service, with no bank charges.
Fair Trading supports the boards by providing advice to people wishing to buy or sell homes.
Fair treatment demands that disciplinary action be consistent.
Fair treatment is the best shield against litigation of employment disputes.
Fair treatment means being open, clear, courteous, responsive, timely, and accessible.
Fair treatment means that no one's electric bill goes up.
Fair use allows a teacher to make a single copy for educational purposes.
Fair use allows educators and students to copy works in certain context.
Fair use allows posting of small excerpts.
Fair use allows reproduction of a nonsubstantial portion of the material posted.
Fair use allows the duplication of copyrighted materials for private or educational use.
Fair use allows users to draw on the work of others.
Fair use appears to play little or no role in negotiating access to electronic information.
Fair use applies to all copyrighted works regardless of format.
Fair use applies to any copyrighted property.
Fair use applies to printed graphic, sound, and multimedia materials.
Fair use applies, see legal stuff below.
Fair use applies.
Fair use becomes an empty promise if there are no lawful means accessible to consumers to enable it.
Fair use comes into play when there is an actual claim of infringement.
Fair use constitutes the core of consumer sovereignty.
Fair use covers such situations as a parody of a work, or an excerpt from a work used in a review.
Fair use depends on the facts and circumstances of the given situation.
Fair use does exist in the digital world without any additional definition.
Fair use extends only to nonprofit copying.
Fair use gets even more complicated when international law is considered.
Fair use includes comment, criticism, news reporting, teaching, private scholarship and research.
Fair use includes limited usage in connection with criticism, news reporting, teaching and research.
Fair use includes the use of reproduced portions of copyrighted works.
Fair use is a complex doctrine meant to allow certain valuable social purposes.
Fair use is a flexible concept intended to be used.
Fair use is a fundamental liberty at issue.
Fair use is a grey area.
Fair use is a huge concern of the scholarly community.
Fair use is a legislated privilege.
Fair use is a privilege .
Fair use is a somewhat limited defense.
Fair use is a term for using any image with a good reason.
Fair use is a very limited exception.
Fair use is almost always a small portion of the original work and is usually attributed.
Fair use is always subject to interpretation.
Fair use is both a privilege and source of confusion.
Fair use is enjoyment
Fair use is essential to the operation of the first amendment. .
Fair use is established by statute and interpreted by the court.
Fair use is merely a guideline.
Fair use is more likely to apply if the original is a factual work.
Fair use is of necessity an elastic notion.
Fair use is part of the laws of United States of America and some other countries.
Fair use is permitted.
Fair use is slightly different.
Fair use is something that comes under attack by dimwits sometimes.
Fair use is use.
Fair use is usually a short excerpt and almost always attributed.
Fair use is vague and depends entirely on the particular facts of individual situations.
Fair use is very reasonable.
Fair use is widely misunderstood, and often claimed when there is no basis for it.
Fair use means incidental use.
Fair use permits instructors to use a wide range of copyrighted works to prepare for teaching.
Fair use precludes the use of entire works.
Fair use relates to the purpose for which the individual is requesting the material.
Fair use requires a detailed examination of at least the four factors noted in the statute.
Fair use requires more explanation.
Fair use tends to fall on the side of nonprofit, educational use of factual, published materials.
Fair value is a technical measure of the correct relationship between futures and a stock index.
Fair value is actually unimportant in practical terms.
Fair value is based on assumptions.
Fair value is determined using quotes obtained from publicly reported exchanges.
Fair value is significantly below cost.
Many Fair visitors list food as one of the main attractions at the annual funfest.
Fair wear is a community response to a community problem.
Fair weather can affect decisions.
Fair weather is associated with an anticyclone.
Fair weather is at hand when many quails are heard in the evening.
Fair weather is illustrated by a low water level in the spout.
Fair weather is the signal to attempt the summit both individually and collectively.
Fair weather is weather
Fair weather is weather.
Some fair weather indicates storms.
Fair week is kicked off with the downtown parade and carnival.
Fair words butter no parsnips.
A fair is a show
FAIR advocates measures to curb illegal immigration and to change immigration policies.
Fairs are a great weekend getaway and a wonderful window into the traditions of rural communities.
Fairs are a long-standing tradition at harvest time.
Fairs are also good areas to go to.
Fairs are big business.
Fairs are exhibition markets held at regular intervals, which often include entertainment.
Fairs are exhibitions.
Fairs Are for Everybody.
Fairs are gathering.
Fairs are located in fairgrounds.
Fairs are the place where the average is turned into the extraordinary.
Fairs can become boring when slow.
Fairs can get more money out of space with amusement devices like mechanical rides.
Fairs cater to that idea.
Fairs encourage a student to pursue higher education and enter science related fields.
Fairs keep the state's agricultural traditions alive.
Fairs offer the opportunity for members to proudly display their project work for the public.
Fairs range from local to international.
Fairs tend to offer a wider range of goods than normal markets.
Fairs often provide tables and curtains or other partitions with registration.
Fairs usually prohibit glass containers, so bring juice or pop in plastic bottles.
All fairs are unique from one another.
All fairs run during regular business hours.
Every fair has a few gypsies.
Many fairs target specific fields.
Many fairs try to claim the be the biggest in some category or another.
Most fairs have a good representation of recruiters seeking technical majors.
Most fairs have limited space.
Some fairs are general or professional, while others are very industry specific.
Some fairs have both.
Some fairs have space limits.
Some fairs last a week.
Some fairs offer credit card sales.
Some fairs require advanced registration.
Some fairs require that only the title of the project be centered on the page.
Some fairs require the artist to be present to sell their work.
Fairburn siblings execute deed of partition dividing their father s property.
Faire season is set.
Faire year is to float thru out renaissance period.
Faires tend to have a lot of modules for the hearty adventurer.
Every faire is different.
Many faires reserve the more elaborate styles of costume for certain performers.
Fairest skins look good in blue-undertone reds,lightest pinks, honey, mocha and pinkish beiges.
Fairfax officials say that policy still stands.
Fairfax station is a fully restored railroad station.
A fairground is a tract
Fairground isa tract.
Fairgrounds are a short walk away.
Fairgrounds are another option.
Fairgrounds are ground.
Fairgrounds are tracts.
Fairgrounds is a quarter-mile on the left.
Fairgrounds keep active Many fairgrounds rent facilities for flea markets and antique shows.
Fairhurst papers passim.
Fairness calls for an equal split.
Fairness cries out against all such fraud, unfairness, selfishness and unrighteousness.
Fairness demands an objective understanding of the individual's needs and aspirations.
Fairness demands as much.
Fairness demands equal compensation for equal work.
Fairness demands it.
Fairness demands no less.
Fairness demands such interviews.
Fairness demands that beings that are alike in all morally relevant respects be treated alike.
Fairness demands that our tax program be fully protected.
Fairness demands that the other side is given a say.
Fairness demands that there be no QPs and no GPA to magnify student differences.
Fairness demands that treat what is important to others with respect.
Fairness dictates that all sources of pollutant loading be addressed.
Fairness dictates that family members be scrutinized with the same standards.
Fairness increases trust and credibility with students.
Fairness is always foremost on our minds.
Fairness is impartiality.
Fairness is justice
Fairness is justice.
Fairness likewise relates to the way the institution treats individuals and groups.
Fairness requires care in talking about the villains.
Fairness runs throughout a good process.
Fairness therefore is essential.
Fairness treat people fairly, listen to others, never cheat, play by the rules.
Fairway woods have regular height faces.
A fairway is a site
Fairway narrows approaching green.
Fairway slopes right and left toward the rough.
Fairways are as expansive as Scotland's golfing soul.
Fairways are bermuda and the greens are undulating and bentgrass.
Fairways are dry and sandy but greens are lush and well-manicured.
Fairways are even better.
Fairways are firm, providing lots of roll off the tee.
Fairways are flat to moderately rolling with good greens.
Fairways are generally fairly narrow and there are many trees to catch any wayward shots.
Fairways are generally narrow and challenging.
Fairways are generally wide.
Fairways are green and easy to hit off of.
Fairways are green and in good shape.
Fairways are green and lush and easy to hit off of.
Fairways are green and playable.
Fairways are lawns.
Fairways are lush and perfect already.
Fairways are lush, greens very large.
Fairways are narrow and the undulating greens are well bunkered.
Fairways are narrow and water comes into play on six holes.
Fairways are narrow in scope but greens have generous landing areas.
Fairways are narrow, greens are rock hard.
Fairways are now lush.
Fairways are open.
Fairways are part of golf courses.
Fairways are paths.
Fairways are perfect.
Fairways are really nice.
Fairways are sites.
Fairways are sleek, with lots of elevated tees.
Fairways are tight and greens have suttle breaks.
Fairways are tight and often sloped and guarded by bunkers.
Fairways are to close.
Fairways are tracts.
Fairways are tree lined and greens are small, fast and true.
Fairways are tree lined and some of the large greens are elevated.
Fairways are tree-lined and narrow.
Fairways are tree-lined.
Fairways are ungroomed and framed by heather and gorse.
Fairways are usually narrow and the rough heavy.
Fairways are very playable.
Fairways are wide and contoured and offer several angles of attack.
Fairways are wide and friendly, for the most part, and chipping areas are plentiful.
Fairways are wide and there are many dogleg holes.
Fairways are wide but very challenging.
Fairways are wide, but there's plenty of marsh to carry off the tee.
Fairways are zoysia, greens are bentgrass, with bermuda and native grass rough.
Fairways consist of lakes, waterfalls, and rock walls.
Fairways contain strategic yet unassuming mounding with changes of elevation and slope.
Fairways have big landing areas.
Fairways hit, greens in regulation, putts.
Fairways is open seasonally.
Fairways look like artificial carpet.
Fairways rise and fall through rolling hills.
Fairways run through thick forest.
Fairways tend to widen at crucial landing areas and narrow as they approach the greens.
Fairways vary from tight to expansive, and greens vary in size and shape.
Fairways vary in width, with the longer holes having wider landing areas.
Many fairways are along side the lakes.
Many fairways are dogleg configurations, and all are defined by a light cut of rough.
Many fairways have ridges and hills near the landing areas that occasionally kick the ball forward.
Most fairways are average in width with few fairway bunkers.
Most fairways are football field wide with large generous landing areas off the tee.
Most fairways are narrow and neatly defined by dense bush.
Most fairways are tight and most greens are small.
Most fairways are wide and forgiving.
Most fairways go right.
Some fairways are fine, but others are wet or lack enough grass.
Some fairways are tight with evergreens lining the edges.
Some fairways are wide, others are narrow.
Some fairways exist in complete isolation, while others are more expansive and open.
Some fairways have two and three water hazards to negotiate.
Fairy armadillos have shells.
Most fairy armadillos have shells.
Some fairy armadillos use front claws.
A fairy bluebird is a bird
Fairy bluebirds live in the forest crown and are gregarious fruit-eaters.
Fairy duster has several pollinators, including bees, flies, and butterflies.
A fairy godmother is a helper
Fairy godmothers are protective beings, like guardian angels .
Fairy light is light
Fairy lights illuminate the front.
Fairy magic is special and always used sparingly.
Fairy paintings are on a high, too.
Fairy ring fungi cause damage.
A fairy ring is a ring
Fairy ring develops most frequently in soil high in organic matter such as undecomposed thatch.
Fairy ring is a common disease of Kentucky bluegrass and most other turfgrass species.
Fairy ring is caused by a number of mushroom fungi that live in the soil and thatch layer.
Fairy ring is the only cause of extra greening at the leading edge of areas.
Fairy rings appear as circular green or dead areas that continue to enlarge for several years.
Fairy rings appear in any lawn, golf course or other turf areas during spring and summer months.
Fairy rings are actually a result of mushroom growth.
Fairy rings are difficult to control.
Fairy rings are most severe on light-textured, infertile, droughty soils.
Fairy rings are of little concern in lawns.
Fairy rings are rings.
Fairy rings are usually most severe in light-textured, low fertility soils low in moisture.
Fairy rings can grow to impressive dimensions.
Fairy rings can occur on any type of lawn.
Fairy rings develop over a wide range of fertility levels and soil and climatic conditions.
Fairy rings survive as spores or as dormant mycelium.
Most fairy rings are only present for one to four or five years and eventually die.
Fairy shrimp are small crustaceans related to sea shrimp.
Fairy shrimp have few natural predators.
Fairy shrimp is a crustacean
Fairy shrimps appear and disappear so suddenly that magic seems the only explanation.
Fairy shrimps are backstrokers, their ventral side is oriented to the light.
Some fairy shrimp finds in ponds.
Fairy stones are brown staurolite, a combination of silica, iron and aluminum.
A fairy story is a tale
Fairy stories are perfect examples of stories.
Fairy stories have a great appeal.
A fairy tale is a tale
Fairy tale is shattered and reality becomes an often overdue slap in the face.
Fairy tales are a good place to start.
Fairy tales are a great booster in life with their beautiful and happy endings.
Fairy tales are a particular favourite.
Fairy tales are all different.
Fairy tales are exempt.
Fairy tales are fun to read.
Fairy tales are great for children's imaginations.
Fairy tales are ideal for collecting.
Fairy tales are important because they express cultural moments.
Fairy tales are just that, fairy tales.
Fairy tales are like that some times.
Fairy tales are literary reflections of ever-changing times and moral standpoints.
Fairy tales are magical stories that are usually folk tales in origin.
Fairy tales are one literary genre which offer information about cultural heritage.
Fairy tales are one of the oldest methods for sharing stories across generations.
Fairy tales are proof that people have always like monster stories.
Fairy tales are real.
Fairy tales are stories filled with wonder.
Fairy tales are tales.
Fairy tales are the folk expression of myth.
Fairy tales are the precursors to all modern fantasy books.
Fairy tales are timeless, exploring roles and scenarios that can illuminate the present.
Fairy tales are to be stupid and yet to be as wise as possible, being stupid.
Fairy tales are, on the whole, hopeful.
Fairy tales arouse the same kind of fascination in both adults and children.
Fairy tales belong to the people .
Fairy tales can come true . . .
Fairy tales can come true.
Fairy tales can have very surprising endings and who knows what's in store for the unhappy princess.
Fairy tales can inspire readers to create original works of art.
Fairy tales can lead to the understanding of a variety of customs and cultures.
Fairy tales carry themes of roses to children.
Fairy tales come in many forms.
Fairy tales come in many versions and forms.
Fairy tales contribute to violence in society.
Fairy tales depict various aspects of the inner psychic drama.
Fairy tales describe the basic structures, dynamics, and processes of the human psyche.
Fairy tales do come true.
Fairy tales end with the first kiss.
Fairy tales have their own morals and theor own ethics.
Fairy tales help children make sense of their own lives and inner feelings.
Fairy tales make a strong impression on children.
Fairy tales offer a connection between cultures and generations.
Fairy tales paint it as a cunning, bloodthirsty bully.
Fairy tales reflect the mythic substrata of our own lives.
Fairy tales retold in refreshing contemporary terms and hip new music.
All fairy tales are one type in regard to their structures .
Every fairy tale needs a bad guy.
Many fairy tales take place in lands that never really existed.
Many fairy tales tell of a hero or heroine sent on an impossible mission.
Most fairy tales are quests of one sort or another.
Most fairy tales depict the death of an evil character as a violent and brutal death.
Most fairy tales have a happy ending.
Some fairy tales are worth believing in.
Fairies actually see the flow of life through all things.
Fairies are beautiful and magical creatures.
Fairies are beautiful things.
Fairies are common to folklore all over the world.
Fairies are different in many ways.
Fairies are diminutive human beings.
Fairies are invisible and inaudible like angels.
Fairies are magical creatures that have captured the imagination of many.
Fairies are mythical beings of folklore and romance.
Fairies are nature spirits.
Fairies are the fallen angels.
Fairies are the guiding spirits of locations on earth.
Fairies are the happiest people there are.
Fairies average three to four hours a week of overtime.
Fairies cache food for winter, using primarily dried nuts, berries.
Fairies can be good to humans, or bad.
Fairies can be very tiny, or very large.
Fairies catch the sparks in bottles and make things fly.
Fairies Click on image for a larger view.
Fairies come in all different forms.
Fairies come to the land at night to folic and make mischief.
Fairies enter to bless the place.
Fairies exist all over the world.
Fairies haste to an orphan girl Refused the angel's part in a winter play.
Fairies have been know to be mischievous.
Fairies have great treasure.
Fairies have real butterfly wings.
Fairies have their homes in hills, lakes and rocky mountains.
Fairies have very limited intelligence.
Fairies keep their secrets.
Fairies live no more than seven years.
Fairies live under the stones.
Fairies love beautiful things and one of their favorites is a bride.
Fairies love beauty and fun.
Fairies love to dance and are fond of the music of fiddles, harps, tambourines, and cymbals.
Fairies manage better than mortals.
Fairies meddle with the love lives of humans when four young people run away to the forest.
Fairies Release minimum of a new quest every month.
Fairies strive for advancement and learning in the Garden.
Fairies therefore become a way to manage the fear of death itself.
Fairies think all that sort of thing is plain daft.
Fairies traditionally kidnap babies in order to leave changelings.
Fairy Call A spell for summoning the fairies Sit where the cat sits.
Fairy has wings.
Fairy is a spiritual being
Fairy is being.
Fairy is intelligent agents.
Fairy isa belief.
More fairies creep out from a nook In clothing made of gold.
Most fairies are small and keep themselves well hidden from the larger races.
Most fairies have a special task of love, which they work at in the fairy dell.
Most fairies look like miniature humans, although there are some who can appear as small animals.
Some Fairies also like sweet stuff.
Some fairy armadillos use claws.
Some fairy holds hands.
A fairyland is a fantasy
Fairyland is an incredibly delightful game for children.
Fairyland is considered to be a land of lakes, lush green meadows, bright flowers, and fruit trees.
Fairyland is nothing but the sunny country of common sense.
Fairyland isa imagination.
A fairytale is a story
Fairytale play scripts and games are also available at no charge.
Fairytales are more than kid stuff.
Fairytales are narrative.
Fairytales can occur.
Fairytales span the reaches of time, creating parodies of life.
Fairytales speak the language of children.
Faith groups are subject to the same financial audits as other providers.
Faith groups have a long tradition of helping youth help themselves and the community.
Faith groups ought to have a right to be seen or heard as they have defined themselves.
All faith groups are welcome.
Many faith groups base their beliefs upon ancient written texts.
Many faith groups discuss what the Bible has to say about sexual behavior.
Faith healers are frauds as are fortune tellers and tele-evangelists.
Faith healers are healers.
Faith healers claims to be guided by Christian deities and spirits.
Faith healers do it with whatever they can lay their hands on Farmers spread it around.
Faith healers have a unique advantage over doctors who practice conventional medicine.
Faith healers make use of prayer and touch to treat disease.
A faith healing is attention
Faith healing are care.
Faith healing comes in different forms.
Faith healing is a controversial topic in the Christian world.
Faith healing is of interest in the fields of psychosomatic medicine and psychotherapy.
Faith healing is viewed as largely superstition and wishful thinking.
Faith accepts and believes it as the very truth most sure.
Faith accepts what is already so.
Faith accesses both the awesomeness and the delightfulness of the mystery.
Faith acquires different qualities when it is in company with the mind of man.
Faith activates the works.
Faith acts also in reference to our surroundings .
Faith acts, relationship follows.
Faith adds suspense to each moment of our lives and mystery can be a great catalyst for discussion.
Faith affirms life, perpetually and timelessly.
Faith allows positive attitude.
Faith alone can rule the world.
Faith alone can see it.
Faith alone delivers from hell and the faith that delivers from hell delivers from lust.
Faith alone does.
Faith alone explains our origin and destiny.
Faith alone gives victory.
Faith alone is a fascinating study.
Faith alone is necessary.
Faith alone is the basis for our salvation.
Faith alone is the foundation for our faith.
Faith alone is what really matters.
Faith alone produces nothing.
Faith alone receives it.
Faith alone saves.
Faith alone triumphs, and faith is hard, dark, stark.
Faith also asks why, but goes on to act.
Faith also grows through testing and perseverance.
Faith also has a growth pattern.
Faith also has the nice dun color and no white feet.
Faith also involves repentance or genuine sorrow for sin and willingness to turn away from sin.
Faith also involves some paradoxes.
Faith also involves the elements of trust, loyalty and commitment to someone or something.
Faith also makes the unbelievable, believable.
Faith also means confidence, as in the testimony and reputation of other people.
Faith also plays a large part in how involoved a person is in a religion.
Faith also suffers from many more problems.
Faith also takes a more contemplative approach to congregational meetings.
Faith also transcends belief.
Faith also works better on children than adults in the film.
Faith also works through love, love being the greatest casts out fear.
Faith also works to heal our relationship with the material environment.
Faith appears to be under siege in the poem.
Faith approaches the same matter in a positive or pro-active sense.
Faith arouses pleasant feelings, which is greed's direction.
Faith asks questions.
Faith asks to be deepened or tossed aside.
Faith assumes a threefold aspect under the influence of the three qualities.
Faith attracts the positive.
Faith based institutions are at the heart of every Ohio community.
Faith based organizations do tremendous good by feeding the poor and housing the homeless.
Faith based upon love and wisdom is unshakable.
Faith based upon love is unshakable.
Faith becomes a leap in the dark instead of a leap in the light.
Faith becomes almost formulaic.
Faith becomes an end in itself without an absolute object of faith.
Faith becomes like Spiritual eyes.
Faith becomes logical when there is enough evidence to support it.
Faith becomes mere religion.
Faith becomes more beautiful and sincere when expressed in childlike ways.
Faith becomes real in the times of frustration, encouragement, and disappointment.
Faith becomes socially relevant through action.
Faith becomes stronger and has a firmer foundation.
Faith becomes the choice of each particular believer.
Faith begins at home, and the family is the keystone of the faith.
Faith begins at home.
Faith begins in embarrassment.
Faith begins small, but that is enough.
Faith begins where evidence gives out.
Faith begins where man s power ends .
Faith begins where man's power ends.
Faith begins where one knows and has experienced the limitations of rational thought.
Faith begins with a choice.
Faith begins with a single choice of direction and leader.
Faith begins with knowledge.
Faith begins with trust.
Faith believes and believes wholly and unreservedly.
Faith believes and celebrates.
Faith believes and lives according to that belief.
Faith believes before it sees results.
Faith believes it, hope anticipates it, patience quietly awaits it.
Faith believes the glorious rewards given to suffering.
Faith believes there is an answer.
Faith believes what it can t see.
Faith believes, ventures and accomplishes.
Faith born of miracles needs miracles to feed it and keep it going.
Faith bridges that gap.
Faith brings about a change in circumstances.
Faith brings blessing.
Faith brings blessings.
Faith brings everything together in the pot.
Faith brings grace.
Faith brings hope as a rose bud.
Faith brings it fast.
Faith brings joy.
Faith brings out action from the believers.
Faith brings out the power of the mind.
Faith brings power to choose what is truly valuable.
Faith brings prayer and out of prayer comes praise.
Faith brings righteousness.
Faith brings together the parts that belong together.
Faith builds a bridge across the gulf of death.
Faith builds on reason.
Faith calls for faithfulness in continuity.
Faith calls for more than intellectual agreement with a formula.
Faith can also extend special discounts to new faculty.
Faith can alter vision.
Faith can and ought to part of the package.
Faith can be a lot like that.
Faith can be a steadying influence.
Faith can be a very scary proposition.
Faith can be good or bad, wise or stupid.
Faith can be real when the feelings of assurance are weak.
Faith can be reasonable and reason can be faithful.
Faith can be their port in the storms of life later.
Faith can become confused.
Faith can beleive As fast as love new lawes can give.
Faith can break the stranglehold of fear.
Faith can bring good even out of the worst circumstances.
Faith can bring people together because they all believe in the same thing .
Faith can bring people together because they all believe in the same thing.
Faith can build cities.
Faith can change the inner landscape.
Faith can chase out fear, or fear can chase out faith.
Faith can do that.
Faith can exist and grow where there is such fear.
Faith can feel like an intangible presence at times.
Faith can flourish in persecution and get flabby in affluence.
Faith can grow cold and weak very quickly.
Faith can grow in a life where humility and gratitude make up the bulk of the soil.
Faith can help the prisoner find an 'inner balance'.
Faith can indeed survive such situations by keeping two facts in mind.
Faith can make our society whole as well.
Faith can make such a difference.
Faith can mean belief, trust, or faithfulness.
Faith can move mountains.
Faith can only reach it by way of the bridge of love.
Faith can overcome fear.
Faith can play a part, particularly by the patient but there is more to it than that.
Faith can refer to many things.
Faith can remove mountains . . .
Faith can remove mountains, can free also nations.
Faith can remove mountains.
Faith can repeatedly triumph over fear, never more so than in times of trial.
Faith can respond quickly.
Faith can see by revelation more than senses ever saw.
Faith can see the invisible and the impossible.
Faith can transcend divisions and barriers created by racism, tribal conflicts, and hatred.
Faith can unlock our understanding.
Faith can, and does, move mountains.
Faith carries away the garland from all the other graces.
Faith carries the sun inside itself and shines it out in the dark.
Faith causes a desire to kill.
Faith causes actions.
Faith changes everything.
Faith changes lives.
Faith changes the inner landscape.
Faith changes things for the better.
Faith changes what happens.
Faith chases away fear.
Faith cheerfully faces hardships.
Faith comes before hope.
Faith comes before receiving.
Faith comes by hearing - hearing the message of the gospel.
Faith comes by hearing . . .
Faith comes by hearing, and by preaching it is continually renewed.
Faith comes by hearing, hearing with the heart.
Faith comes by hearing. . .
Faith comes by hearing.
Faith comes first, obedience and discipleship follow closely.
Faith comes first, then love.
Faith comes first.
Faith comes from .
Faith comes from facts.
Faith comes from hearing the message.
Faith comes from hearing the word.
Faith comes from knowledge.
Faith comes from receiving the Word of God.
Faith comes from the word.
Faith comes from trusting the birth and death process and rising from the ashes.
Faith comes from what is heard, but it also comes from what is seen.
Faith comes from within, but shows on the outside.
Faith comes in two steps. .
Faith comes through hear-ing.
Faith comes through hearing.
Faith comes to the community.
Faith comes with power, enough power to get the job done.
Faith commits suicide by jumping off a cliff.
Faith comprehends everything, and without faith there is nothing.
Faith conceives the ideal of whatever is to be believed.
Faith continues to develop and implement programs in Racial Reconciliation and Peacemaking .
Faith continues to support pregnant mothers and newborns.
Faith corrects slime.
Faith corresponds to grace the way tasting sweetness corresponds to honey on the tongue.
Faith corresponds to grace.
Faith covers all levels.
Faith creates a desire and joy in doing good things.
Faith creates miracles.
Faith creates optimism.
Faith defies natural reason.
Faith defies our definitions.
Faith definitely falls in the second category.
Faith demands action before it can perform.
Faith demands action.
Faith demands deeds of love.
Faith demands growth and experience.
Faith demands ministry.
Faith demands to be shared, or it dies.
Faith denies the stories.
Faith derives from seeing.
Faith develops . . .
Faith dies when it is reduced to a custom, to a habit, to a purely emotional experience.
Faith discards all other ways of cleansing.
Faith dissolves the doubts, fears, and apprehensions that impede relationship.
Faith does move mountains, so faith does remove hardness of heart.
Faith does offer so much along with a sense of true community.
Faith does then sink into credulity.
Faith does what comes naturally.
Faith does work.
Faith dominates reason, which ought to be subordinated to faith in everything.
Faith drinks deep of the water of life.
Faith drives out fear.
Faith dutifully heads to the airport, where a propeller plane lands in the misty night.
Faith earn off all madam before describe fashion accessories.
Faith embraces both knowledge and trust.
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.
Faith enables our spiritual sense to function.
Faith enables such success.
Faith enables three such groups to meet weekly.
Faith enlarges the possibilities and creates new possibilities.
Faith enlarges the possibilities of life.
Faith entails both radical passivity and radical activity.
Faith establishes reality and truth, including in science.
Faith establishes the law.
Faith exacts a deeper price.
Faith exceeds calculation.
Faith exceeds logic.
Faith exercises a very deep effect upon the spirit and the body of man.
Faith exists amid many doubts and fears.
Faith exists and expresses itself in many forms.
Faith exists and is demonstrated in areas of doubt.
Faith explains life and how to get the best out of it.
Faith explains the way things are , which is another way of saying what is true.
Faith expresses itself in obedience.
Faith feels like a dim light with a battery that's almost empty.
Faith fills the void created by the absence of evidence.
Faith finds a path where speculation discerns none.
Faith fits into the application process as well.
Faith fits just fine despite our worldly ways.
Faith flies in the face of scientific method.
Faith flows out of that visible witness.
Faith focuses on solutions.
Faith Focuses Upon the Resurrection.
Faith follows the thing heard.
Faith forges the committed life.
Faith generates action. . . .
Faith generates energy to put things in motion.
Faith gets higher profile.
Faith gets the most.
Faith gives a lift to the heavy heart.
Faith gives birth to a victorious decisiveness against all evil.
Faith gives birth to prayer.
Faith gives eyes to the soul.
Faith gives eyes.
Faith gives life meaning, purpose and direction.
Faith gives meaning to life, but faith is a risk.
Faith gives meaning.
Faith gives men zest to do their duty.
Faith gives our lives dignity, and faith gives our lives direction.
Faith gives rise to practice and study, and practice and study serve to deepen one's faith.
Faith gives substance to grace.
Faith gives up.
Faith Go on, go on.
Faith goes beyond assent but comes before works .
Faith goes beyond dreaming.
Faith goes further still.
Faith goes further, and speaks of faithfulness.
Faith goes on despite the hardships and meager results.
Faith goes up the stairs that love has made and looks out the window which hope has opened.
Faith goes way beyond that hypothetical level.
Faith grounded in our own experience is only good as long as that experience lasts.
Faith grows as a living faith is shared.
Faith grows cold over time.
Faith grows in a believing community.
Faith grows out of and builds upon belief and produces action.
Faith grows out of our choice.
Faith grows through a lively, challenging and free exchange of ideas.
Faith grows through practice.
Faith guides all of life s activities, private and public.
Faith guides the soul to go beyond.
Faith hangs on tenaciously in the face of ridicule and persecution.
Faith has a history of individuals and classes responding.
Faith has a long tradition of excellence in the fine arts, particularly in music.
Faith has a slow pulse.
Faith has a sure life style guaranteed by love.
Faith has a vital public role to play in any society.
Faith has an engine but no drive or direction to see movement and results.
Faith has an eternal perspective .
Faith has communitarian roots and social implications.
Faith has consequences.
Faith has enormous compassion and many gifts to give.
Faith has exactly the contrary function.
Faith has five children scattered around the U.S. and four grandchildren.
Faith has fruit, godliness flowing from within.
Faith has grounds.
Faith has impact.
Faith has in it the principle of appropriation.
Faith has independent existence.
Faith has little place in genealogy.
Faith has more power than anything.
Faith has no limits.
Faith has no logic or reason.
Faith has no place for scape-goating.
Faith has no power . .
Faith has no power apart from charity, and apart from the effort to live the life of religion.
Faith has no room for arrogance.
Faith has NO saving merit.
Faith has no tricks.
Faith has no value in the verdict of justification.
Faith has nothing to do with it.
Faith has nothing to do with probabilities.
Faith has nothing to do with worldly understanding.
Faith has nothing whatsoever to do with reason.
Faith has profound impact.
Faith has several who have expressed interest, and several more are needed.
Faith has ten years of teaching experience.
Faith has the power to embrace people in countless ways.
Faith has to be based on trust and confidence.
Faith has to be home-based, where the primary communication has to happen in the home.
Faith has to do with our experiencing the object of our faith in our heart.
Faith has to do with the future.
Faith has to do with the integrity of friendship.
Faith has to do with the most fundamental of human experiences.
Faith has to have an object or it is nothing.
Faith has to make difference, or it is phony.
Faith has two elements.
Faith has very real power to make things happen.
Faith hears the Law of God.
Faith hears the songs of the redeemed, and brings eternal glories near.
Faith helps one cope with cancer.
Faith hits the nail on the head.
Faith holds a primacy in their lives.
Faith holds no answers.
Faith honors the law.
Faith ignores normal requirements for evidence.
Faith ignores the evidence and takes a position regardless of the facts.
Faith illuminates life.
Faith illuminates the way.
Faith implies action with continuity.
Faith implies conviction, trust, and commitment.
Faith implies freedom to disbelieve.
Faith implies the idea of hope.
Faith implies the possibility of doubt.
Faith implies trust .
Faith implies trust and intuited knowledge.
Faith includes capability to question and be uncertain.
Faith increases in the earth.
Faith increases with age.
Faith informs truth and truth integrates faith.
Faith involves a change of heart.
Faith involves a choice.
Faith involves a kind of living on the edge.
Faith involves a risk.
Faith involves being faithful.
Faith involves belief and prayer.
Faith involves believing and acting upon that belief.
Faith involves believing the truth, but it is more than assent to the truth.
Faith involves commitment and risks.
Faith involves knowledge, trust and action.
Faith involves moral change.
Faith involves our minds, our hearts and our wills.
Faith involves our whole personality.
Faith involves the intelligence, the emotions, the instincts, the appetites.
Faith involves waiting on a promise.
Faith ironically invokes trouble.
Faith is . . . . . .
Faith is . . .
Faith Is . . .
Faith is . .
Faith is a 'belief in' or a 'complete trust' in someone.
Faith is a belief in the truth or trustworthiness of something.
Faith is a belief
Faith is a big word.
Faith is a bird that feels the light and sings while the dawn is still dark.
Faith is a by-product of humility.
Faith is a call to action, to live differently.
Faith is a choice.
Faith is a church committed to mission support, family ministries and community service.
Faith is a church that wants to know what the Bible says and how it impacts our daily lives.
Faith is a clear understanding of the revealed Word of God.
Faith is a commendable asset, only when it is based on truth.
Faith is a common ingredient in the human experience and in humankind's story.
Faith is a communal heritage.
Faith is a communal phenomenon.
Faith is a complex of belief, confidence, obedience, love.
Faith is a condition of salvation, but it is also a gift.
Faith is a constant struggle to maintain wonder in the face of familiarity.
Faith is a contact sport.
Faith is a cop-out.
Faith is a costly thing.
Faith is a curious thing.
Faith is a dangerous thing.
Faith is a decision involving one s whole existence.
Faith is a decision involving one's whole existence.
Faith is a deeply personal thing.
Faith is a dialogue between the soul and the self.
Faith is a different piece of equipment.
Faith is a direction of looking.
Faith is a divine gift.
Faith is a dream.
Faith is a dynamic gift, too, which means that it is both freely given and freely received.
Faith is a dynamic process.
Faith is a feeling.
Faith is a fire in the heart.
Faith is a free gift, but it can be sinned against and lost.
Faith is a fundamental part of our lives.
Faith is a funny thing.
Faith is a gift and that free gift is received thru prayer.
Faith is a gift that everyone has.
Faith is a gift which needs to be cherished and encouraged.
Faith is a gift, a wonderful gift.
Faith is a gift.
Faith is a good and powerful thing.
Faith is a good girl.
Faith is a good one.
Faith is a good student, blah blah blah.
Faith is a great gift.
Faith is a great religious principle, but genealogists are a suspicious, fact-verifying bunch.
Faith is a journey.
Faith is a key part of that relationship.
Faith is a kind of paradox.
Faith is a law. . .
Faith is a law.
Faith is a lawyer with over six years of large law firm litigation experience.
Faith is a leaning grace.
Faith is a leap against logic, a product of desire.
Faith is a leap beyond reason.
Faith is a leap in the dark.
Faith is a life-long process of exploration and discovery, filled with detours and questions.
Faith is a little bit trickier.
Faith is a living and active thing.
Faith is a living restless thing.
Faith is a living, dynamic relationship that is more akin to trust than anything else.
Faith is a loose term generally applied to emotional attachment.
Faith is a matter of belonging.
Faith is a matter of life and death.
Faith is a matter of memorizing truth and living by it.
Faith is a matter of personal choice.
Faith is a matter of personal taste, like enjoying theater or playing golf.
Faith is a meaningful human activity.
Faith is a mental capacity, and an action is in the material world.
Faith is a midwife, people farmer and birth historian.
Faith is a mightier conqueror than death.
Faith is a mindset, a context, a way of life in which all the other things of our life are set.
Faith is a mining town that gave up mining long ago.
Faith is a most powerful and interesting thing when it is seen exercised in the life of a believer.
Faith is a much better word.
Faith is a much bigger journey over all.
Faith is a much richer word that implies a living relationship.
Faith is a muscle.
Faith is a mysteriously complex thing.
Faith is a necessary element for effective prayer.
Faith is a negation of reason.
Faith is a non-rational belief in some proposition.
Faith is a part of salvation.
Faith is a part.
Faith is a peculiar type of obedience.
Faith is a personal issue and individual for each family.
Faith is a persuasion and assent to truth upon the authority of another.
Faith is a power which moves mountains.
Faith is a power.
Faith is a powerful law of the Kingdom of God.
Faith is a powerful thing, and love is even more powerful.
Faith is a powerful thing.
Faith is a precursor to trust.
Faith is a present because it is a presence.
Faith is a product of the inner man.
Faith is a rational step into the light, resting on reliable evidence.
Faith is a recurring theme.
Faith is a refining grace, it consecrates and purifies.
Faith is a refusal to panic.
Faith is a relationship of love.
Faith is a relationship.
Faith is a response to evangelism.
Faith is a risky, adrenaline-pumping adventure.
Faith is a saving power.
Faith is a school that exists in the midst of a thriving economy and a group of thriving churches.
Faith is a seeking of cleansing therefrom.
Faith is a series of steps.
Faith is a sign of health.
Faith is a source of strength for many people.
Faith is a stronger and more consistent motivation for obedience than fear.
Faith is a stronger drive in the face of danger than fear.
Faith is a substance .
Faith is a synonym for trust.
Faith is a tangible force, the basic substance of the universe.
Faith is a total attitude toward life.
Faith is a tough thing sometimes.
Faith is a travel business.
Faith is a treasure of life which is enriched by being shared.
Faith is a trust that what happens is supposed to happen.
Faith is a trust.
Faith is a trusting, a love.
Faith is a verb, an action word.
Faith is a verb.
Faith is a very active girl who likes medication time.
Faith is a very broad term.
Faith is a very common commodity exercised daily in everyday affairs.
Faith is a very fragile and tenuous thing.
Faith is a very fundamental, very important matter in life.
Faith is a very important part of farming and everyday life.
Faith is a very important part of life.
Faith is a very important thing.
Faith is a very powerful thing.
Faith is a virgin grace, it is joined with sanctity.
Faith is a virtue of certitude that has to exist without even an aorta of distrust or doubt.
Faith is a virtue of which there is so little.
Faith is a virtue, and treachery is a disgrace to humanity.
Faith is a virtue, but risks becoming belief.
Faith is a vital act of the new-born soul.
Faith is a vital act of the newborn soul.
Faith is a vivacious, friendly, spirited, young blonde Golden.
Faith is a volitional choice, while obedience is the outworking action of that choice.
Faith is a volitive act that transcends knowledge.
Faith is a walk.
Faith is a way of life.
Faith is a way of seeing.
Faith is a way of sight, insight and imaginative reflection and devotion and commitment.
Faith is a way to life.
Faith is a woman sitting in a folding chair.
Faith is a wonderful thing.
Faith is a word signifying action.
Faith is a word thing.
Faith is a work of the spirit.
Faith is a work.
Faith is a worldwide religion with more than five million members around the globe.
Faith is able to remove the problem.
Faith is about beginning to see more clearly, about opening our eyes to the possibilities.
Faith is about being sure and certain of something.
Faith is about belief, hope, trust, and endurance.
Faith is about connection.
Faith is about intellectual assent rather than a faithful life.
Faith is about involvement.
Faith is about moving.
Faith is about relating.
Faith is about risk.
Faith is about seeing the whole of it, knowing what the evidence means.
Faith is absolute.
Faith is absolutely critical to victory in spiritual conflict.
Faith is absolutely essential in ministering deliverance.
Faith is absolutely necessary to live the Christian life.
Faith is accepted as a substitute for a whole and complete righteousness.
Faith is accepted with the hope in the divine promises.
Faith is action and decision.
Faith is active belief . . . .
Faith is active, alive and impossible to hide.
Faith is active.
Faith is admitted to practice in New York.
Faith is after all important when there is no team health insurance.
Faith is all about doctrine.
Faith is all about relationship.
Faith is all about trust and risk.
Faith is all important, but an active faith which manifests itself in right living.
Faith is all in all, both in the beginning and progress of Christian life.
Faith is all that matters.
Faith is all that remains.
Faith is all that's left when there's no other choice.
Faith is all the rage.
Faith is all there is. . .
Faith is almost immediately on the left.
Faith is already the beginning of eternal life.
Faith is also a power and can often make very special things happen.
Faith is also about honesty .
Faith is also an enlivening trust .
Faith is also an enlivening trust.
Faith is also important to the civility of our country.
Faith is also in the way of life.
Faith is also the result of teaching.
Faith is always a gift to be shared.
Faith is always a good.
Faith is always a leap into the dark in some respects.
Faith is always a surrender.
Faith is always an act of courage and daring, but it's more than that.
Faith is always at issue, a constant question.
Faith is always at risk.
Faith is always blind.
Faith is always concerned with now.
Faith is always constructive while doubt is destructive.
Faith is always insecure, and intolerance is an expression of that insecurity.
Faith is always now.
Faith is always personal.
Faith is always the spirit.
Faith is always the way of, though never the reason for, salvation.
Faith is an absolute, unreasoning belief in something.
Faith is an abstract idea that can help or be abused.
Faith is an act of acceptance.
Faith is an act of profound trust.
Faith is an act of the spirit, but presumption is the flesh trying to imitate the spirit.
Faith is an act of trust at conversion and an attitude of trust throughout life.
Faith is an act that catches up the entire personality.
Faith is an action verb to be done something with.
Faith is an action word - a verb.
Faith is an action word.
Faith is an active part of our prayer life.
Faith is an actual substance of positive life giving energy and power.
Faith is an assertion of transcendent meaning when faced even with the injustice of death.
Faith is an assimilating grace.
Faith is an assortment of dignified religious ceremonies.
Faith is an assumption, and faith makes an affirmation.
Faith is an assumption, makes an affirmation, and takes an action.
Faith is an easier option.
Faith is an element of childhood.
Faith is an entirely personal matter.
Faith is an essential attribute of a scientist.
Faith is an essential element of prevailing prayer.
Faith is an essential element.
Faith is an example of taking results out of the future.
Faith is an exceedingly hopeful, trusting and confident perspective.
Faith is an experience of the heart, there is mystery, there is wonder.
Faith is an extremely personal matter.
Faith is an immense gift and blessing.
Faith is an important part of our lives, inside and outside of religious matters.
Faith is an important part of the fabric of our society.
Faith is an important subject.
Faith is an important word in the Bible.
Faith is an informed optimism.
Faith is an inner tunic of such pure whiteness that it blinds the sight of every intellect.
Faith is an intensely personal matter.
Faith is an interchange between persons.
Faith is an interesting word.
Faith is an intrinsic part of each moment of our daily lives.
Faith is an invitation to a life-long dance with grace.
Faith is an in-word.
Faith is an on-going, living, breathing, interactive experience.
Faith is an open invitation.
Faith is an organ of knowledge, and love is an organ of experience.
Faith is an outgrowth of a relationship.
Faith is another important input to go beyond the intellect.
Faith is another name for the utmost courage.
Faith is another word for trust.
Faith is anticipation.
Faith is as complicated, as complex as is human nature itself.
Faith is as faith does.
Faith is as much a part of our life as breathing and sleeping.
Faith is as precious to die by as to live by.
Faith is as simple as looking in the right direction.
Faith is assent that goes beyond the evidence.
Faith is assumed.
Faith is assurance of things hoped for.
Faith is assurance or a guarantee.
Faith is at the heart of most fiestas.
Faith is awakened and is expressed through prayer, worship, services to others, and thanksgiving.
Faith is based on experience.
Faith is based on facts and evidenced by experience.
Faith is based on knowledge, on intimate, personal knowledge.
Faith is based on testimony, while an opinion is a deduction drawn from that testimony.
Faith is based only on a sense of giftedness.
Faith is basic at the point of entry to the Christian life.
Faith is basic to human nature and, like human nature, it expresses itself in many forms.
Faith is basically trust, and trust implies relationship.
Faith is belief even in the face of contrary evidence.
Faith is belief in action.
Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
Faith is belief in the absence of evidence.
Faith is belief in what is unseen.
Faith is belief plus action.
Faith is belief regardless.
Faith is belief without evidence.
Faith is belief without rational evidence.
Faith is belief without reasons.
Faith is belief, trust in the honesty, and trust of another.
Faith is belief.
Faith is beliefs.
Faith is better than belief.
Faith is better.
Faith is beyond reason.
Faith is Bible living.
Faith is bigger than the highest mountain.
Faith is bigotry and superstition.
Faith is blessed with many people who participate in leading worship.
Faith is bolstered by physical presence.
Faith is born and it grows.
Faith is born from what is heard acknowledges the gifts received with eager thankfulness and praise.
Faith is born in witness of signs.
Faith is born of mystery, of promise, and of hope.
Faith is born of the preaching which generates divine life in the ones who listen to it.
Faith is born when the heart is cracked open enough to receive.
Faith is both necessary and almost impossible to possess.
Faith is both spiritual and practical.
Faith is bravery.
Faith is built on knowledge and a focused and vision.
Faith is but another name for fellowship.
Faith is called the instrument or the appropriating organ of justification.
Faith is caught more than it is taught.
Faith is caught more than it's taught.
Faith is caught rather than taught.
Faith is caught when campers see a committed staff walking out their faith in day to day life.
Faith is central in many students' everyday lives.
Faith is central to the gospel which is proclaimed by faith.
Faith is certain because it is founded on reason.
Faith is challenged and hard questions welcomed.
Faith is changed forever by the incident.
Faith is choice.
Faith is chosen again because it touches the springs of action.
Faith is comforting.
Faith is commitment and trust.
Faith is commitment.
Faith is commitment.
Faith is 'complete trust' or 'reliance upon' .
Faith is complete trust.
Faith is 'complete' trust.
Faith is composed of the heart's intention.
Faith is compounded of many things, and by many kinds is it brought to perfection.
Faith is concerned with spiritual or heavenly things.
Faith is conditioned by the prior attitude of resignation.
Faith is confessed.
Faith is confidence in the risen Savior.
Faith is confident of things hoped for.
Faith is conscience, the foundation of which is laid in childhood.
Faith is contagious and is easily spread.
Faith is contrary to reality, as the world knows it.
Faith is contrasted with the actual appearance of heavenly things.
Faith is conviction without evidence, and sometimes even in the face of contrary evidence.
Faith is counted for righteousness.
Faith is created by beliefs.
Faith is created by experience.
Faith is created by trust.
Faith is credited as righteousness.
Faith is dead without works.
Faith is deeper than either moral virtue or intellectual belief.
Faith is defined as a firm belief in something for which there is no proof.
Faith is defined primarily as that which is reasonable and makes the most sense.
Faith is defined primarily by personal experience and what makes sense.
Faith is definitely a substance that all people utilize in one fashion or another.
Faith is described in verse one as 'substance' and 'evidence'.
Faith is different from knowledge.
Faith is difficult in one way, and simple in another.
Faith is diligent.
Faith is dressed is a white satin gown with a lace covering and a silver headband.
Faith is easier to explain than to live.
Faith is easy when everything is going well.
Faith is eleven.
Faith is emphasized here as a condition of receiving both physical and spiritual healing.
Faith is empowered by touchstones.
Faith is endurance.
Faith is energy, a force that provides the belief that South Africa can succeed.
Faith is enough.
Faith is epitemologically irresponsible.
Faith is equally available to all.
Faith is equally the spirit's taste.
Faith is essential - Heb.
Faith is essential and perhaps blind but still very important.
Faith is essential but no substitute for plans.
Faith is essential for healing.
Faith is essential to salvation from our past sins.
Faith is essential to salvation.
Faith is essential, if faith is the opposite of fear.
Faith is essential.
Faith is essentially a belief that our actions are founded on our beliefs.
Faith is established conviction regarding things unseen and grounded expectation of things to come.
Faith is everything.
Faith is Everything.
Faith is evidence ofopenness.
Faith is evidenced by works.
Faith is evidenced in deeds.
Faith is evidently inert.
Faith is expectation based on a fact .
Faith is expectation.
Faith is expressed in holy living.
Faith is expressed in love and service, in word and deed .
Faith is expressed through cultural expressions.
Faith is extremely important.
Faith is faith wherever it is found and without regard to the age of the world in which it is found.
Faith is faith whether young or old and it is the engine that runs the Kingdom.
Faith is faith, whether it is in a god or in no god.
Faith is faith.
Faith is famous to paleontologists.
Faith is FAR more than just knowing.
Faith is far superior to rea son, they say.
Faith is fear turned inside out.
Faith is fiction, fiction is faith.
Faith is first and experience follows.
Faith is first of all substance.
Faith is first, family is second and football is third.
Faith is followed by repentance.
Faith is for that which lies on the other side of reason.
Faith is for the future.
Faith is forged in the midst of trials.
Faith is forged on the anvil of adversity.
Faith is formed through personal trusted relationships.
Faith is foundational to hope.
Faith is foundational, it leads to patient endurance in a life of holiness or righteousness.
Faith is fruitful.
Faith is full of Labrador good humor, and is especially fond of the new puppy.
Faith is fundamental in the Christian community.
Faith is future oriented.
Faith is future-oriented.
Faith is given through the language of the heart.
Faith is glorious.
Faith is good therapy.
Faith is good, but personal experience is essential.
Faith is good.
Faith is governed by the spirit.
Faith is great in the spiritual realm, but a lot less comforting in the world of dollars and cents.
Faith is greater than anything else.
Faith is handed on, to a large measure, by infection.
Faith is hard to come by.
Faith is hard to understand for it is based souly on belief without seeing.
Faith is hard work.
Faith is hard, and a little scary.
Faith is hard.
Faith is honest and scorns the hypocrisy of calling darkness light.
Faith is hope.
Faith is humble.
Faith is identified as an important influence on the decisions and behaviors of teens.
Faith is important in the total healing process, with or without medical treatment.
Faith is important to civility.
Faith is important too.
Faith is important, but it is also important to specify what exactly one is praying for.
Faith is important, but our common concept of faith is accepting facts.
Faith is important.
Faith is in all things - from the beginning and right through our Christian life.
Faith is in college.
Faith is in general the belief of the mind that a certain statement or condition is true.
Faith is in general the persuasion of the mind that a certain statement is true b.
Faith is in itself and by definition beyond reason.
Faith is in the eye of the beholder.
Faith is in the grappling.
Faith is in the hearing of an anointed word.
Faith is in the heart.
Faith is in the last analysis receptive.
Faith is increased by exercise, by being put into use.
Faith is increased by exercise, by being put to use.
Faith is incredibly powerful.
Faith is indeed a gift.
Faith is indispensable, but there is a reason for it.
Faith is industrious.
Faith is inescapable.
Faith is integrated with all facets of parenting.
Faith is intellectually chic.
Faith is intensely personal.
Faith is intentional.
Faith is interactive.
Faith is interwoven into every program the mission runs.
Faith is invincible, because it lays hold of One who is omnipotent.
Faith is irrelevant here.
Faith is just a crutch.
Faith is just faith.
Faith is just part of the mix.
Faith is key.
Faith is kind of like navigating a row boat.
Faith is knowledge borne out of religious experience in the Christian and Catholic context.
Faith is knowledge in action.
Faith is laughter at the promise of a child called laughter.
Faith is less than knowledge.
Faith is life and the exhibition of life is a revelation of faith.
Faith is life and work.
Faith is life lived contrary to the evidence on every hand.
Faith is life lived contrary to the evidence.
Faith is life.
Faith is life's extension cord.
Faith is like a beggar with empty hands outstretch seeking mercy.
Faith is like a boomerang.
Faith is like a crossword puzzle.
Faith is like a lightbulb.
Faith is like a medicine that is prescribed by a doctor.
Faith is like a muscle.
Faith is like a radar screen designed to pick up the slightest motion of grace.
Faith is like a road trip.
Faith is like a thirsty deer, panting for a cool mountain stream of refreshing water.
Faith is like an anchor.
Faith is like dry, parched earth that eagerly soaks up the rain that falls on it.
Faith is like electricity.
Faith is like that too.
Faith is like that window.
Faith is like that, too.
Faith is like that.
Faith is like the difference between having read about how to make a cake and actually making one.
Faith is like the hand of a beggar receiving the gift of a King.
Faith is like the root.
Faith is like walking on the waves.
Faith is lived within the individual, as an individual.
Faith is located in churchs.
Faith is located in Haifa, Israel.
Faith is located in Meade County South Dakota.
Faith is located in synagogues.
Faith is love on the battlefield.
Faith is love trusting.
Faith is love.
Faith is lovely, polite, well mannered and a wonderful husky for a first time husky owner.
Faith is made possible by the in dwelling of the spirit and the revelation of scripture.
Faith is made up of belief and trust.
Faith is mainly trust.
Faith is manifest by obedience.
Faith is man's only way out.
Faith is man's part.
Faith is many things.
Faith is meaningless if it has no content.
Faith is meaningless, because it reduces to subjective perception.
Faith is meant to be shared.
Faith is meant to move mountains and uproot trees.
Faith is mediated through the culture of the family, the tribe, the nation.
Faith is mental, spiritual, and abstract.
Faith is merely a stepping stone to knowledge.
Faith is merely the instrument that brings the imputation of righteousness.
Faith is merely the instrumental cause of salvation.
Faith is mighty, but action is mightier.
Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier.
Faith is more active than reason.
Faith is more forceful than fire.
Faith is more important than disobedience.
Faith is more than a matter of instinct.
Faith is more than acknowledgment of a fact.
Faith is more than an intellectual agreement to a theoretical truth.
Faith is more than an intense belief.
Faith is more than believing, it is a knowing.
Faith is more than confession.
Faith is more than intellect, but it is also more than gut.
Faith is more than intellectual agreement with a statement or concept.
Faith is more than making a wish.
Faith is more than mere assent.
Faith is more than mere belief.
Faith is more than mere intellectual belief.
Faith is more than peace and contentment.
Faith is more than reaching the goal.
Faith is more than religious observance.
Faith is more than subjectivity.
Faith is more that belief.
Faith is more valuable because it lasts longer and is purified in the tests of life.
Faith is most powerful.
Faith is much broader than the intellectual acceptance of the gospel.
Faith is much different.
Faith is much easier for people whose primary defilement is greed, rather than hate.
Faith is much more precious than gold that perishes.
Faith is much stronger than belief.
Faith is necessary for answered prayers.
Faith is necessary for our salvation.
Faith is necessary for salvation, of which, the basic elements are courage, action, and risk.
Faith is necessary for salvation.
Faith is necessary here.
Faith is necessary to victory.
Faith is necessary.
Faith is needed by both rich and poor.
Faith is needed to believe that.
Faith is neither a passive state nor a wishy-washy hope for the future.
Faith is never afraid of questions.
Faith is never easy.
Faith is never future tense.
Faith is never just words or formulas.
Faith is never other worldly or a last resort.
Faith is never perfect but knowledge is.
Faith is never perfect.
Faith is never to be confused with blurry eyed naivete.
Faith is no crutch.
Faith is no longer a matter of ancestry or conversion to the Jewish way of life.
Faith is no longer a reliance on law.
Faith is no longer the affectionate, bubbly soulmate, but a Salome, a pariah in a New England town.
Faith is no mindless escape from reality.
Faith is no miraculous gift.
Faith is no more than skin deep feel-good faith.
Faith is no obscure adventure.
Faith is no respecter of persons.
Faith is no substitute for fact in criminal justice.
Faith is nothing unless it is living faith.
Faith is nullified and the mountain remains.
Faith is nurtured and openly affirmed at Eden.
Faith is obedience.
Faith is objective.
Faith is obviously worried about something.
Faith is offered first of all to the poor and dispossessed.
Faith is often like the wind.
Faith is often the journey of the lone ranger.
Faith is on a journey continually.
Faith is one of the big three right along with hope and love.
Faith is one powerful answer.
Faith is one such purified emotion.
Faith is one such strategy.
Faith is one thing when a stock is cheap and the future looks bright.
Faith is only as good as the object in which it is placed.
Faith is only as good as what it is invested in.
Faith is only as good as who it is placed in.
Faith is only as valid as what it is put in.
Faith is only faith when there is no apparent reason or justification for it.
Faith is only necessary if religious dogma is in direct conflict with Objective Reality.
Faith is only real in the act of obedience.
Faith is opposed to sight, but never to reason.
Faith is our ability to proceed.
Faith is our bridge between experience and hope.
Faith is our foundational power.
Faith is our lifeline.
Faith is our part.
Faith is our priority and the rest are supportive measures.
Faith is our refusal to run past the outstretched arms of the crucified.
Faith is our second youngest writer.
Faith is our secret weapon.
Faith is our supernatural intellect, so to say.
Faith is our ticket to experience that joy.
Faith is our ultimate refuge.
Faith is our victory.
Faith is our walk, but fellowship sensibly felt is our rest.
Faith is out of town.
Faith is paramount.
Faith is part of a church cooperative.
Faith is partnered with several other churches of different denominations.
Faith is passed on.
Faith is passive and active.
Faith is passive, patient and calm.
Faith is patience to wait.
Faith is perceived as a mental acceptance, a lack of doubt.
Faith is perhaps the most critical design element.
Faith is personal trust or belief.
Faith is personal.
Faith is pictured as a reality.
Faith is placed in the client's capacity for self-direction.
Faith is pledged.
Faith is political, social, and ethical.
Faith is power, a talisman that works wonders.
Faith is power.
Faith is prayerful, doctrinal, and grateful.
Faith is precious only as it leans on what is trustworthy.
Faith is presented as a credential for office.
Faith is prior to reason logically speaking.
Faith is properly an assent, and an assent without doubt, or a certitude.
Faith is pure gift.
Faith is purely instrumental, never meritorious.
Faith is rather a reality, a constant resource.
Faith is rather similar to repentance.
Faith is readiness to trust and obey.
Faith is real.
Faith is reality and it is basic matter.
Faith is reality.
Faith is really a verb.
Faith is really a way of living.
Faith is reason's opposite.
Faith is received.
Faith is reckoned for righteousness.
Faith is recovery.
Faith is reduced to compliance with a check list.
Faith is related to action, to living, to being and doing.
Faith is related to promise.
Faith is required and is nearly opposite of fact.
Faith is required for all forms of healing.
Faith is required for prayer.
Faith is response to evidence.
Faith is revealed in the difficult times of life.
Faith is rewarded with promise.
Faith is risky.
Faith is rooted in the certainty of a clearer and more perfect perception of reality.
Faith is salvation.
Faith is secondary.
Faith is secure when reason is asleep.
Faith is secure.
Faith is security where no security can be seen.
Faith is served by a sound conscience.
Faith is shaken.
Faith is shaped by many factors.
Faith is shared and spread one person at a time.
Faith is shown by one's works a.
Faith is shown in actions.
Faith is sight and knowledge.
Faith is simply another word for trust or confidence.
Faith is simply one part of the whole process of salvation.
Faith is simply the ability to believe without seeing.
Faith is so much more that a set of beliefs.
Faith is so simple.
Faith is solid, has character, consistency and body.
Faith is somehow a living thing, pulsating with the power of self fulfillment.
Faith is something else.
Faith is something given.
Faith is something someone has about something when there is no evidence for it.
Faith is something that comes from within.
Faith is something that grows.
Faith is something that is to continue grow .
Faith is something that works in funny ways.
Faith is something the can always defeat doubt.
Faith is something very different from belief.
Faith is something which transcends reasonableness, rationality, and even emotions.
Faith is sometimes opposed to reason , and belief to knowledge .
Faith is spiritual strength.
Faith is spiritual touch.
Faith is spiritual, but also practical.
Faith is spiritual, force is material.
Faith is stamped out like a hate crime, but obscenity and political brainwashing are no big deal.
Faith is still alive and no longer debilitated.
Faith is still there, and has been lavished with promotions, raises, and a new, bigger cube.
Faith is strengthened by exercise.
Faith is substance and faith is hope.
Faith is substance or as indicated faith is actuality.
Faith is substance.
Faith is such a personal thing.
Faith is sufficient to overthrow the keepers of the pit.
Faith is superior than all the law keeping.
Faith is supernatural.
Faith is supposed to be able to move mountains.
Faith is supposed to be the stumbling block to the gospel.
Faith is swept away with the crowd into evil.
Faith is tenacious.
Faith is terribly important.
Faith is tested in suffering, and faith is also born in suffering.
Faith is tested in suffering.
Faith is tested thoroughly when the dollars radicals bring seem to offer the only hope.
Faith is that assurance of things hoped for, the evidence of things unseen.
Faith is that foundational gift that expresses itself through a life of commitment.
Faith is that quality or power by which the things desired become the things possessed.
Faith is that vehicle - divine faith.
Faith is that which a person holds to be the hard-boiled truth about reality.
Faith is that which allows reason to flourish.
Faith is that which has in it a principle of life.
Faith is that which stands on realities, seen or unseen.
Faith is that which stands under , or the foundation, of things hoped for.
Faith is the ability and the willingness to believe and act where doubt is still possible.
Faith is the ability to be flexible in the unknown.
Faith is the ability to look beyond the visible into the invisible.
Faith is the absence of all forms of doubt.
Faith is the activating force of the priesthood.
Faith is the actuating motive that leads to baptism and makes it effectual.
Faith is the agency of that salvation.
Faith is the Amen, the righteousness by going to the right hand.
Faith is the answer to fear.
Faith is the answer.
Faith is the antithesis of works.
Faith is the assent of the understanding to any truth.
Faith is the assurancce of things hoped for.
Faith is the assurance more than the hope.
Faith is the assurance of the heart in the adequacy of the evidence.
Faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things unseen.
Faith is the assurance of things hoped for.
Faith is the assurance of unseen spiritual realities.
Faith is the assurance of what is hoped for and hope involves that which is unseen.
Faith is the assurance that precedes the act which ultimately yields the evidence.
Faith is the assurance that that really real world exists.
Faith is the attitude of celebration.
Faith is the basis for their moral conduct, social conscience, and sense of compassion and humanity.
Faith is the basis of testimony.
Faith is the beginning and love the goal of our life.
Faith is the belief and conviction that all things are possible.
Faith is the belief in the unknown, as belief is the faith in the known.
Faith is the belief of testimony, and where there is no testimony there can be no faith.
Faith is the belief of testimony.
Faith is the belief that an ideal exists without proof.
Faith is the belief that Hashem exists.
Faith is the belief that such new possibilities are there for the seeing.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark.
Faith is the bird that sings while it is still dark.
Faith is the bird that sings while it is yet dark.
Faith is the capacity to believe without proof.
Faith is the central issue in application.
Faith is the channel on which the boats of answered prayer sail.
Faith is the channel through which salvation comes.
Faith is the common denominator in every victorious man and woman.
Faith is the common denominator in their beliefs becoming their reality.
Faith is the condition of the heart through which salvation is applied.
Faith is the confident assurance expressed in a song of belief.
Faith is the conviction that something unproved by physical evidence is true.
Faith is the corner stone of our Christian belief.
Faith is the cornerstone of any healthy relationship.
Faith is the courage to face reality with hope.
Faith is the criterion of the superiority of the Muslim society.
Faith is the critical element without which any ritual or religious practice is meaningless.
Faith is the critique of the past and gives meaning to the present.
Faith IS the cross for which the world scorns the believer.
Faith is the crown of creation.
Faith is the crucial difference.
Faith is the cure for our doubts and our fears.
Faith is the cure to doubt.
Faith is the currency of eternity.
Faith is the daring of the soul to go farther than it can see.
Faith is the delicate balance between giving and receiving.
Faith is the diametrical opposite of hardness of heart.
Faith is the driving force.
Faith is the element which allows our imagination to break free of the constraints of knowledge.
Faith is the enduring quality which forms the basis for hope.
Faith is the energy of motivation, providing multitudes of deeds.
Faith is the engine.
Faith is the enlightenment of the understanding.
Faith is the essential element to success in any pastorate.
Faith is the essential ingredient in a worship experience.
Faith is the essential prerequisite for a miracle.
Faith is the essential prerequisite of true repentance.
Faith is the evidence.
Faith is the eye for seeing the invisible.
Faith is the eyes, ears, and hands of the soul.
Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service.
Faith is the first grace and the source of all others.
Faith is the first of the three theological virtues.
Faith is the first principle in the science of theology.
Faith is the first resting-place of the soul.
Faith is the first step in conversion.
Faith is the foundation for establishing our lives on an eternal course to happiness.
Faith is the foundation from which hope is cast within the veil.
Faith is the foundation of all Christian graces.
Faith is the foundation of all that man does.
Faith is the foundation of Christian character and the security of the soul.
Faith is the foundation of Christian life.
Faith is the foundation of our salvation.
Faith is the foundation of prayer, as belief is the foundation of religion.
Faith is the foundation of that demonstration.
Faith is the foundation on which a life of obedience is built.
Faith is the foundation on which all our hopes for the future are built.
Faith is the foundation on which other things are built.
Faith is the fountain of courage and doubt the source of fear.
Faith is the fuel that drives both commerce and religion.
Faith is the full assurance of hope.
Faith is the fundamental key to success in spiritual life.
Faith is the gate that opens our minds and hearts, removing boundaries and limitations.
Faith is the good key that unlocks the door.
Faith is the ground of Christian belief, and it always has been.
Faith is the grounds of our justification and the continuing evidence of it.
Faith is the hand by which the soul takes hold upon the divine offers of grace and mercy.
Faith is the hand which grasps.
Faith is the highest expression of belief or confidence.
Faith is the highest passion in a human being.
Faith is the horse and works are the cart.
Faith is the indispensable prelude to the beatific vision, the supernatural end of man.
Faith is the inescapable foundation to life.
Faith is the initial window of the soul that lets the light of the revelation of righteousness in.
Faith is the instrument by which righteousness is procured.
Faith is the instrumental cause of forgiveness.
Faith is the key .
Faith Is the key element.
Faith is the key that touches the Savior.
Faith is the key to conversion.
Faith is the key to getting people free of demons.
Faith is the key to holiness.
Faith is the key to our determination.
Faith is the key to overcoming bitterness and rejection.
Faith is the key to that power.
Faith is the key to the Christian life.
Faith is the key to the lions' jaws.
Faith is the key which unlocked the door.
Faith is the key, opens the doors for boarding.
Faith is the key.
Faith is the last track on the album.
Faith is the law of life.
Faith is the least self-regarding of the virtues.
Faith is the life of the soul.
Faith is the lifeline that binds Torah and the soul to the real world.
Faith is the lily's root, and love is the lily's bloom.
Faith is the main support of life.
Faith is the means of appropriating the shield.
Faith is the means which brings about our sanctification.
Faith is the measure.
Faith is the medium of the latent expectations that form the basis of one s subjectivity.
Faith is the mightiest force in the universe.
Faith is the most difficult Christian ideal to accept.
Faith is the most important element involved in the recipe for creation.
Faith is the most powerful force in the universe.
Faith is the mother of sweetness, confidence and joy.
Faith is the next thing.
Faith is the noun form and believe is the verb form of the same Greek word.
Faith is the one great condition of prayer.
Faith is the one thing needful.
Faith is the only comfort.
Faith is the only condition of sanctification.
Faith is the only condition.
Faith is the only crisis of life.
Faith is the only cure for fear.
Faith is the only escape.
Faith is the only guarantee, Where risk is all, of our integrity.
Faith is the only means for the receiving of justification.
Faith is the only requirement for salvation implicated here.
Faith is the only response essential for salvation.
Faith is the only way of opening up the depths of reality, even one's own reality.
Faith is the operating principle of life.
Faith is the operative principle of kingdom citizenship.
Faith is the operative word.
Faith is the opposite of fear.
Faith is the opposite of refusal.
Faith is the opposite of sin.
Faith is the opposite of skepticism.
Faith is the opposite of that.
Faith is the origin of the Path and the mother of all merit and virtue.
Faith is the overcoming principle in the world's conflict.
Faith is the placing of one's trust in someone or something.
Faith is the posture of openness.
Faith is the power of love.
Faith is the power that created the universe.
Faith is the power that destroyed the walls of Jericho.
Faith is the power to believe without seeing.
Faith is the powerful ability to do great things.
Faith is the precursor to knowledge.
Faith is the principal saving grace, and unbelief the chief damning sin.
Faith is the principle of all holy and acceptable obedience.
Faith is the prop when things are as shaky as a restaurant table.
Faith is the readiness to answer 'Yes' to the command and 'Yes' to the provision.
Faith is the real content, meaning and gist of anything spoken or written.
Faith is the real or essential part or element of anything.
Faith is the reinforcing steel of our Christian lives.
Faith is the response dimension of the relationship.
Faith is the restful experience of the work of grace in our lives.
Faith is the result of our believing.
Faith is the result of that action.
Faith is the rivets of our ship.
Faith is the root, the necessary beginning.
Faith is the root, works are the fruit.
Faith is the same as trust.
Faith is the second building on the left.
Faith is the sight of the soul, and it is far better than the sight of the senses.
Faith is the simplest example of existential action.
Faith is the spirit.
Faith is the starting point.
Faith is the step beyond belief.
Faith is the stopgap to experience.
Faith is the storm-stopper.
Faith is the story of fisherman going forth from their nets.
Faith is the substance of fossils hoped for, the evidence of links unseen.
Faith is the substance of hope.
Faith is the substance of it all.
Faith is the substance of the things hoped for, the evidence of the unseen.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things unseen.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of things unseen.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for.
Faith is the substance.
Faith is the substitute for knowledge when knowledge is unavailable.
Faith is the thing that brings success.
Faith is the title deed to things hoped for.
Faith is the tool by which religion makes truth .
Faith is the transcending element.
Faith is the underlying factor that explains why people do what they do.
Faith is the underpinning of any truly successful venture.
Faith is the unspoken, nameless and formless yearning for completion and wholeness.
Faith is the vehicle of hope.
Faith is the very essence of thinking and acting anew.
Faith is the very fabric of life in any field of endeavor.
Faith is the very opposite of hiding from Jesus.
Faith is the victory that overcomes the world.
Faith is the victory, that overcomes the world.
Faith is the victory.
Faith Is the Victory.
Faith is the vision of things unseen.
Faith is the word.
Faith is the work in which all works is embodied.
Faith is their shield and prayer the only weapon for combat.
Faith is then greater than obedience.
Faith is there without it.
Faith is there.
Faith is thought of as something that one believes blindly - with no supporting evidence.
Faith is thought.
Faith is thus an unecessary and dangerously fatal nemesis of the philosophic enterprise.
Faith is thus as necessary for knowledge as knowledge is for faith.
Faith is to be a practice held silently in the heart and demonstrated vividly in the world.
Faith is to believe in divine possibilities.
Faith is to believe that greatness can be embedded within the frailty of our own fallibility.
Faith is to grace as works is to law .
Faith is to promote unity and understanding among people of different backgrounds.
Faith is to show itself by obedience.
Faith is to sin what light is to darkness.
Faith is to the human what sand is to the ostrich.
Faith is to the soul what life is to the body.
Faith is to the spiritual realm what the five senses are to the natural realm.
Faith is too hard.
Faith is Torah.
Faith is totally divorced from conduct.
Faith is tried, and stands the trial.
Faith is true knowledge, of course, it is the knowledge of the truth.
Faith is trust - Fides est fiducia .
Faith is trust .
Faith is trust in another, hope in another, being vulnerable to another, even loving another.
Faith is trust in the healing powers of the mind.
Faith is trust internalized.
Faith is trust, based on experience.
Faith is trust, dependence, believe, obedience.
Faith is trust, while faithfulness is the ability or quality of maintaining or keeping trust.
Faith is trust.
Faith is trust.
Faith is unassuming, modest, thankful, obedient.
Faith is uncertainty.
Faith is uncoerced.
Faith is unconditional.
Faith is underlined with doubt.
Faith is understood as trusting personal acceptance of the truth of the gospel.
Faith is unnecessary if everything is reasonable .
Faith is used for trust.
Faith is used for worship.
Faith is usually a product of desire.
Faith is vain.
Faith is valid only when it has a valid object.
Faith is very frisky and talkative and frequently seeks out attention.
Faith is very important to the family and has been a source of strength to all the family members.
Faith is very important.
Faith is very loving, friendly and stunningly gorgeous.
Faith is very much part of life.
Faith is very simple.
Faith is victorious even if it is dynamited.
Faith is victory.
Faith is vital.
Faith is vivified, vitalized, living belief.
Faith is voluntary submission within a person's own power.
Faith is voluntary.
Faith is weak.
Faith is what carries the day, rather than arms.
Faith is what happens when hope and trust come together.
Faith is what integrates the knowing and the unknowing .
Faith is what is left when there is nothing left to do.
Faith is what is left when what can be stripped away, is.
Faith is what is required.
Faith is what is there when there's no one around.
Faith is what it takes for each survivor to learn to become human again.
Faith is what makes one invincible.
Faith is what results from belief allowing itself to be questioned, examined, tested.
Faith is whole.
Faith is willing to take the risk by embracing difference.
Faith is witnessed by acts of charity and justice.
Faith is wonderful, but facts is facts.
Faith is wonderful.
Faith is work.
Faith is worthless without charity.
Faith is woven into every aspect in our daily lives.
Faith is woven into the fabric of life.
Faith is written throughout the geography and the history of the heartland.
Faith is, above all, openness-an act of trust in the unknown.
Faith is, effectively, both a noun and a verb.
Faith is, in simple terms, belief and trust.
Faith is, of course, far more than a matter of mere thought, mere belief.
Faith isa belief.
Faith isa morality.
Faith Just relax.
Faith keeps the marriage bed pure and undefiled.
Faith keeps the one who keeps the faith.
Faith keeps the person that keeps the faith.
Faith knows all and sees all.
Faith knows how to imagine what's timeless by what is timed.
Faith knows no bound and breaks through all barriers.
Faith knows no boundaries in the human experience.
Faith knows no boundaries.
Faith knows no bounds.
Faith knows no limits.
Faith knows only one thing, that in the cross all the questions have been answered.
Faith knows without seeing.
Faith leading to understanding through inquiry is a basic requirement for Christian education.
Faith leads back to the substance of things lost.
Faith leads one to repent.
Faith leads to confidence, trust, loyalty, and allegiance.
Faith leads to Family.
Faith leads to forgiveness, freedom, and adventure.
Faith leads to growth and growth leads to practical results in life and service.
Faith leads to hope and then to love.
Faith leads to knowledge.
Faith leads to obedience.
Faith leads to prayer and is nourished by prayer.
Faith leads to salvation.
Faith leads to victory over a life time.
Faith leads to works.
Faith lends meaning to an otherwise meaningless existence.
Faith Let's take a look at what the Bible says about faith.
Faith lets the light shine through the darkest clouds.
Faith lightens every burden, relieves every weariness.
Faith lightens the load.
Faith lights up the eye of the human, which has the capability to spark the heart of the world.
Faith listen amid many park while block ski-doo snowmobiles.
Faith Live A collection of games that reinforce the Christian message.
Faith lives in a broken heart.
Faith lives in Lake Villa.
Faith lives with ambiguity.
Faith Look no further.
Faith looks around, disoriented, but puts the peices together fairly quickly.
Faith looks at others with gratitude for their presence.
Faith looks at the blessing, the reward, the glory to come.
Faith looks beyond the physical world into what is invisible and eternal.
Faith looks for opportunities to worship.
Faith looks forward to fulfillment.
Faith looks out instead of in and the whole life falls into line.
Faith looks through the icon like a window to the reality beyond.
Faith looks up.
Faith loves to play.
Faith makes a difference in the lives of people.
Faith makes a difference.
Faith makes a man joyful, prudent, liberal.
Faith makes a move.
Faith makes all things possible.
Faith makes comparisions.
Faith makes good men brave and honorable men courageous.
Faith makes itself known in life's difficulties by making the difficult more difficult.
Faith makes life possible in the physical world as well as in the spiritual world.
Faith makes our nation more just and more generous, and welcoming.
Faith makes people believe.
Faith makes quilts for family and friends.
Faith makes salvation possible.
Faith makes the difference in the world, and it makes a difference in our lives.
Faith makes the first formal move.
Faith makes the heart a sacristy or holy of holies.
Faith makes the impossible look possible.
Faith makes the incomprehensible, acceptable.
Faith makes the man.
Faith makes the stories true.
Faith makes the unbelievable, believable.
Faith makes the uplook good, the outlook bright, the inlook favorable, and the future glorious.
Faith makes the weak strong and the timid brave.
Faith makes true living possible.
Faith manages many of the firm's large corporate, trade association, and foundation accounts.
Faith marries our affirmative feelings with our thoughts.
Faith means a lot more to people here.
Faith means belief in something without proof it exists or happens or happened.
Faith means believing in something even if there is no evidence, even in spite of counter-evidence.
Faith means fidelity, loyalty, and honor among men.
Faith means nothing, unless it is expressed in service to others.
Faith means risk.
Faith means showing everybody else how pious one is.
Faith means shushing the questions.
Faith means taking the risk of really believing.
Faith means that a new life has been planted in the soul.
Faith means to trust and to let oneself be led.
Faith means trust .
Faith means trust, conviction, and is coupled with obedience.
Faith means trust.
Faith moves mountains of inventory.
Faith moves mountains so watch out.
Faith moves mountains.
Faith moves the mountains.
Faith necessarily accompanies it.
Faith needs action just as action needs faith.
Faith needs expression to verify itself.
Faith needs the list.
Faith needs time to listen and learn.
Faith needs to ask questions if it is to grow, if that person s faith journey is to continue.
Faith needs to be acted out.
Faith needs to be believed in the heart and confessed with the mouth.
Faith needs to be cultivated.
Faith needs to be exercised.
Faith needs to be followed by obedience.
Faith needs to exist in the face of life's enigmas.
Faith needs to feed hope and give it substance.
Faith needs to remain on the margins.
Faith needs to work in conjunction with love, because love keeps fear away.
Faith never diminishes through use, it increases thereby.
Faith never fails.
Faith never goes unchallenged for long.
Faith never knows where it is being led, but it loves and knows the One who is leading.
Faith never lives on such a street.
Faith never means gullibility.
Faith notes that the soup tastes better if made a day ahead.
Faith notes that there is a huge gap of knowledge about marketing to women.
Faith now has enough for a team, but several more are needed to strengthen the project.
Faith occupies the position of a channel .
Faith occupies the position of a channel or conduit pipe .
Faith occupies the position of a channel or conduit pipe.
Faith occurs in spite of doubt.
Faith offers so many opportunities.
Faith offers the opportunity for high school students to participate in a variety of sports.
Faith only becomes faith in the act of obedience.
Faith only becomes the prime factor in decision-making when one has an insufficiency of facts.
Faith only enters into it in the fourth point.
Faith only goes so far in business and economics.
Faith only has meaning when faith has an object .
Faith opens a door that despair has slammed shut.
Faith opens doors for Christs healing to come in.
Faith opens the door to everything else that follows in Christianity.
Faith opens the door, and access and audience are given.
Faith opens the person to the possibility of a physical cure.
Faith opens up aspects of love shining through our hidden behavior.
Faith opens up the world.
Faith operates beyond reason.
Faith organizes and equips man's soul for action.
Faith originally comes from Michigan.
Faith ought to be demonstrated by obedience.
Faith ought to impel the believer to godly service in society.
Faith overcomes the boundaries of matter, time, space.
Faith overcomes the illusion of the darkness, of evil.
Faith pays tribute to chorus members past and present.
Faith persuades of the truth.
Faith pierces the whole being of the faithful.
Faith plays a big part in the way they play.
Faith plays a part.
Faith plays a rather limited role in the daily lives of psychopathic ministers.
Faith plays a significant role in whole person wellbeing.
Faith pleases man.
Faith pours forth in prayer.
Faith pours out prayer, and the pouring out of prayer obtains the strengthening of faith.
Faith powerfully affects the way one lives and what one becomes.
Faith praises with untiring tongue.
Faith precedes confession, of course.
Faith precedes everything else in the Christian life.
Faith precedes prediction and explanation.
Faith precedes the miracle.
Faith precedes understanding.
Faith presents the central religious problem for the Western world today.
Faith preserves life.
Faith presses on.
Faith proceeds from that divine act of regeneration.
Faith produces faithfulness.
Faith produces good works.
Faith produces miracles, salvation, healing, answers, and revival.
Faith produces prayer, both require forgiveness.
Faith produces repentance.
Faith produces results.
Faith produces work.
Faith proves itself when a people of faith sacrifice to serve their society.
Faith provides a basis for criticizing and even reforming the culture.
Faith provides a variety of personal and communal resources to handle serious illness.
Faith provides people with a sense of morality, duty and loyalty that extends beyond ideology.
Faith provides worship leadership occasionally at evening services.
Faith pulls the black mask from the face of trouble, and discovers the angel beneath.
Faith puts the fire in the blood and strengthens the heart, thus faith brings fearlessness.
Faith quickly fades scar and blemish discolorations on face and body.
Faith reaches deeper than words.
Faith reaches through time.
Faith reaches to the unseen, and grasps eternal realities.
Faith reads the other character in the scene and the first runthrough goes okay.
Faith really can move mountains.
Faith really works.
Faith receives the promise as the thing itself.
Faith recognize Suppliers beside straw up whatever croquet mallet consequently bent except one tram.
Faith releases power.
Faith relies on the absence of evidence.
Faith remains a moving force in the character profile of modern Utah.
Faith remains important to the compassion of our nation.
Faith removes the limitations imposed by our senses.
Faith reports receiving very positive feedback.
Faith requires a promise, some anticipated good, some future benefit.
Faith requires action.
Faith requires active obedience.
Faith requires an openness to the new day, at attitude of positive encounter.
Faith requires both prayer and action where action can be taken.
Faith requires commitment.
Faith requires courageous action.
Faith requires different responses from the widow and the judge.
Faith requires humility.
Faith requires no logical or rational reasoning.
Faith requires one to have strong roots.
Faith requires openness and, often, the suspension of belief.
Faith requires the ability to trust.
Faith requires work.
Faith requires works.
Faith resides in the baptism and in the hope that it confers forgiveness.
Faith responds to commandments with obedience.
Faith rests on a foundation of emptiness, a foundation lacking logic.
Faith rests on the certainty of that objective salvation, feeling or no feeling.
Faith rests upon character.
Faith resulting in action is the only kind of faith that is real.
Faith reveals the inside.
Faith reviews the covenant.
Faith rises from such a relationship.
Faith rules out such a life, for it infuses the virtues with itself.
Faith saves when faith obeys.
Faith says that a good rule of thumb is one inch of fish per gallon of water.
Faith says that the light needs to continue to grow.
Faith says to feel free to invite people in and have a party.
Faith says, Yes.
Faith seeking understanding' succinctly describes the foundation as well as the motive for study.
Faith seeks understanding passionately and relentlessly, or it languishes and eventually dies.
Faith seems the only recourse.
Faith seems to be a strong willed woman with a phenomenal voice.
Faith seems to be an occupational hazard for physicists.
Faith seems to want inner assurance without the contingency of history, reason, and science.
Faith sees and hears more than reason does.
Faith sees best in the dark.
Faith sees doors open to the gospel after years of prayer.
Faith sees each unique, invaluable thread.
Faith sees it.
Faith sees possibilities.
Faith sees something hopeful happening in our daily encounters.
Faith sees summer through winter's bud.
Faith sees the best that glimmers through the worst.
Faith sees the clouds emptying themselves and making the little hills rejoice on every side.
Faith sees the day.
Faith sees the future as a present reality.
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible.
Faith sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable, and receives the impossible.
Faith sees the robe and crown all prepared for the overcomer.
Faith sees the strength in divine weakness and the weakness in sacred power.
Faith sees the sun hid for but a night.
Faith sees the way.
Faith sees things that are out of sight.
Faith sees through the fog.
Faith serves as our spiritual hands by which the gift is received at a particular moment in time.
Faith serves as the ground for reason.
Faith serves, though the task seem impossible.
Faith sets prayer to work.
Faith shakes off the restrictions on our future and on our humanity.
Faith shapes every aspect of their lives.
Faith sharpens our vision.
Faith shines brightest in a childlike heart.
Faith shows itself in action.
Faith shows itself under the three aspects of theological faith, hope, and charity.
Faith shows progress and rationality.
Faith slips, hearts sink in doubt.
Faith smiles weakly and slides back down into the covers.
Faith soars on high.
Faith soars that rests only on who. .
Faith speaks about creation from the perspective of who made it and why.
Faith speaks up.
Faith speaks with kindness, and produces patience.
Faith spies the snake in the grass and gives warning of it.
Faith starts prayer to work.
Faith starts small.
Faith stays on course.
Faith steps out when pride steps in.
Faith still finds time to serve meals to the homeless and volunteer at a local day care center.
Faith stimulates success .
Faith strengthens one to live fully.
Faith strengthens prayer.
Faith subordinates reason.
Faith succeeds - Their faith was rewarded.
Faith supersedes the requirement for blood.
Faith surrounds their community and is blanketed with trust.
Faith switches sides.
Faith takes a stand, like an army.
Faith takes a stand.
Faith takes a threefold aspect in accordance with the inherent nature or tendencies of the man.
Faith takes away from the heart guilt and fear and greed.
Faith takes hold on the beginning, hope on the end.
Faith takes one beyond evidence.
Faith takes out the anxiety It takes out the fear.
Faith takes patience.
Faith tastes the fruit before the blossom falls.
Faith teaches humility.
Faith teaches the dances free of charge.
Faith then becomes a bridge between the two.
Faith then becomes an important part of recovery.
Faith then grows by learning the language of childlike faith.
Faith then has three elements - knowledge, belief, and trust.
Faith then is the link, the one link, between the sinner and the Sin-bearer.
Faith then is what is needed in today's world.
Faith therefore comes by hearing the word.
Faith therefore seems to be effective in many different ways.
Faith thinks of Texas as a place particularly conducive to heavy drinking.
Faith thrusts a believer as well as a church into the realm of risk-taking.
Faith thus becomes the convinced and convincing advocate of reason.
Faith thus gives the solution to the problem of life.
Faith thus provides an external guide that keeps reason on track.
Faith thus remains as one of the inalienable birthrights of our mind .
Faith too is a relationship.
Faith transcends reason.
Faith trusts the body of awareness rather than our interpretations of experience.
Faith trusts with or without reason, belief accepts or assents without proof.
Faith turns hope into assurance, conviction, and reality.
Faith turns the promise into a prophecy.
Faith undergirds the solution.
Faith unleashes a potential, a power, in our own lives.
Faith uses the nickname seeker on the internet.
Faith walks out when fatigue walks in.
Faith walks simply, childlike, between the darkness of human life and the hope of what is to come.
Faith wants to believe.
Faith warms the heart with hope.
Faith waxes strong and valiant in conflict, and conquers in the great fight of temptation.
Faith working in spiritual substance accomplishes all things.
Faith working through love sounds a lot like faith working through law.
Faith Works .
Faith works better when there is no natural hope.
Faith works fervency and earnestness of spirit.
Faith works full-time as an export specialist.
Faith works in combination with love.
Faith works in the same way.
Faith works in two ways.
Faith works only by love.
Faith works out.
Faith works through charity.
Faith Works through Love No.
Faith works through love.
Faith works when the pressure mounts.
Faiths are also exempt from the Sex Discrimination Act.
Faiths unite for millennium service .
Faith always anchors to facts.
Faith always exists and is constantly expressing itself.
Faith always has work to do.
Faith always is the beginning or origin of action.
Faith always loses in such an alliance.
Faith always purifies the heart.
Faith always seeks to do good works.
Faith always works in combination with something.
Faith often exists in contradiction to reason.
Faith sometimes takes that proverbial leap, but more often it consist of small turns.
All faith asks is forgiveness, good.
All faith groups Early findings of the study offer many important insights for the church.
All faith is restored with the final two numbers.
All faith is the same.
All faith is ultimately personal.
All faiths are basically the same.
All faiths are equal.
All faiths are equally dear to their respective votaries.
All faiths are represented in the area, doors are open to welcome visitors.
All faiths are welcome here to learn what the Scriptures teach.
All faiths are welcome, and the only rule is respect.
All faiths are welcome.
All Faiths are welcome.
All faiths are well represented.
All Faiths chapel auditorium.
All faiths have environmental teachings.
All faiths have periods of abstinence.
All faiths receive equal treatment under the law.
All faiths welcome.
All Faiths Welcome.
All faiths work for some people.
Many faiths believe sexual intercourse is something that is to be saved for marriage.
Many faiths have stories of rainbows being a message from the heavens.
Many faiths use wine in rituals.
More faith is required at the high end of pure research than at the low end of product development.
Most faith has impact.
Most faith has profound impact.
Most faiths accept either the absence of any actual, personal god, or else they worship many gods.
Most faiths are patriarchal, reflecting the societies in which they're based.
Some faith leads to involvement.
Some faith provides frameworks.
Some faiths claim that prayer is the ultimate personal experience.
Some faiths consider marriage an aid to religious instruction.
Some faiths manage both.
Some faiths prohibit drinking coffee.
Faithful armies fear the failure of their cause more than they fear their own destruction.
Faithful attendance is required.
Faithful believers appreciate their title to the land.
Faithful Designs See description above under stills.
Faithful disciples are intolerant of false doctrine.
Faithful discipleship begins in love, worship, and adoration.
Faithful fans take a break from the action to smile for the web.
More faithful fans wait patiently for a change of pitchers.
Faithful followers have the ability to submit to a leader's vision.
Faithful friends are hard to find, but when they are found, all else is forgotten.
Faithful friends are quick to forgive.
Many faithful friends are a blessing, too.
Faithful legions come on horseback from high in the mountains, thousands at a time.
Faithful living involves dreaming.
Faithful living involves taking risks.
All faithful ministers preach holy.
Faithful parishioners continue to mail in pledges to assist the diocese's mission.
Faithful people are located in churchs.
Faithful people do their jobs.
Faithful people feel called in different ways.
Faithful people gain respect from others.
Faithful people matter.
Faithful reason is just as important as reasonable faith.
Faithful recreation is the goal.
More faithful representations evolve as information is gained via the measurement process.
Faithful reproductions can build impressive collections and protect Art investments.
Faithful servants speak highly of their masters.
Faithful servants stick rigidly to their priorities.
Faithful stewards are the ideal stewardship coordinators.
Faithful stewardship goes beyond financial tithing.
Faithful stewardship is a vital part of our fight against unbelief.
Faithful stewardship means to handle the property of another according to the wishes of the owner.
Faithful testimonies generate testimonies.
Faithful volunteers man the shop which is located in the basement of the library building.
Faithful volunteers work hard to make the camping experience a valuable one.
Faithful warriors let nothing escape.
Faithfulness becomes a seemingly endless chore.
Faithfulness builds faith.
Faithfulness causes trust.
Faithfulness comes from faith.
Faithfulness demands consistency, a determination to stay the course, and hard work.
Faithfulness demands it.
Faithfulness encompasses all of life s decisions.
Faithfulness feeds faithfulness.
Faithfulness generates blessing.
Faithfulness is a choice that needs to be made often.
Faithfulness is a choice.
Faithfulness is a critical characteristic of every leader.
Faithfulness is a great quality in a friend.
Faithfulness is a key to Christian growth.
Faithfulness is a part of the marriage contract.
Faithfulness is a quality required of all yet possessed by few.
Faithfulness is a two way street.
Faithfulness is an undeniable testimony.
Faithfulness is crucial.
Faithfulness is difficult, but the promise of reward is a proper form of motivation.
Faithfulness is faith at work over the long haul.
Faithfulness is important for the future of the community.
Faithfulness is just as much a part of it as the joint care of both parents for their offspring.
Faithfulness is love that believes without guarantees.
Faithfulness is more important than numbers.
Faithfulness is more important than ritual and buildings.
Faithfulness is more than a physical commitment.
Faithfulness is quality
Faithfulness is required to attain it.
Faithfulness is required while the wheat and the weeds grow together.
Faithfulness is rewarded by enlarged capacity.
Faithfulness is simply faith put into practice.
Faithfulness is successful Christian living.
Faithfulness is the characteristic of being reliable, unfailing, responsible, steady and sure.
Faithfulness is the choice to do right because our character demands it.
Faithfulness is the key virtue for journeying.
Faithfulness is the partner of action in cooperation - as is so clearly written in Jam.
Faithfulness is to be taught in our homes.
Faithfulness is tough stuff.
Faithfulness is what matters.
Faithfulness is, in reality, the exact opposite of inert conformism.
Faithfulness leads on to more faithfulness.
Faithfulness means just that.
Faithfulness means relationships, success, productivity, risk taking.
Faithfulness means to go on doing the right thing, no matter what happens.
Faithfulness requires both courage and boldness.
Faithfulness requires knowledge.
Faithfulness runs through every character and relation of the Christian life.
Faithfulness stems from love.
Faithfulness takes many forms.
Faithfulness takes the courage one needs to hang in there through the hard times.
Faithfulness takes, well . . .
Faithless hearing leads to indifference.
Fake ad fuels racial trouble.
Fake bills tend to have a relative flatness and lack of detail.
Fake blood abound, especially when the bassist puked it on the crowd.
Some fake boobs look pretty good though.
A fake book is sham
Fake books are music books that include the melody, words and chord symbols for each song.
Fake books make the perfect gift for professional musicians as well as amateur hobbyists.
Fake breasts are only for voyurism, and surely disappoint when pressed into action.
Fake bugs are good, in the cup by the sink, etc.
Fake charities frequentlysurface after national emergencies or natural disasters.
Fake charities have plenty of room to hide.
Most fake clinics have no doctors or other medical staff.
Fake courage is as laughable as is any contrived attitude or act.
Fake courage requires travel to a different location or the purchase of a motorized toy.
Fake daisies dot the tablecloths, but the good feelings here are genuine.
Fake dialogue can then easily result.
Fake diplomas are nothing new to the realm of higher education.
Fake encounters provide a recipe for killing.
Fake flowers box outside walls.
Fake foundations tend to crumble in the long run.
Fake freebies are rampant.
Fake fruit is more than mere coffee-table kitsch.
Fake fur is far kinder to the environment than real fur.
Fake fur IS trashy.
Fake furs make terrific animals.
Fake goods are at best poor quality, at worst, very dangerous.
FAKE HAIR Create a new hairstyle with artificial hair pieces.
Fake IDs are a national problem that allow criminals to evade all sorts of legal barriers.
Fake ids are located in purses.
Fake IDs Learn the laws and penalties under the Illinois ID Card Act.
Fake information is also fragile, easily threatened.
Fake letters coming by electronic mail - Nothing to lose, nothing to gain.
Many fake machines use motors taken from old portable gramophones.
Fake ones are slightly larger than the real ones.
Fake ones work even where bass never encounter live lizards or salamanders.
Fake owls work for a day or so.
Fake palms can only do so much to liven a place up.
Fake pearls are easy to detect.
Fake penises are also a necessity, created out of tubular bandages and cotton wool.
Fake people are happy campers.
Fake plants are much easier to care for and clean than are live plants.
Many fake sites derive advertising revenue based on the number of hits the site receives.
Fake souvenirs offer the lure of quick profit because they avoid all the licensing fees.
Fake stories live forever in journalism.
Fake stuff is funny.
Fake tanning has a bad rap for good reasons.
Fake tattoos are also available for men, women and children.
Fake throws seem to slip from the hands sometimes, and it is better to be safe than sorry.
Many fake trilobites show a suspicious shade of yellow.
Fake truth is essential to humor even if story is totally false.
Fake viruses make good stories, too.
Fake women rule, they are beautiful, they care, and they do want to look good.
Fake women shave their koochies too, mmmmmmm.
Fake wood covers the forward part of the console and the power window surrounds on the door panels.
A fake is imitation
Fakes are a fact of life in the world of antiques.
Fakes are a growing problem with on-line auctions.
Fakes are a real problem in the Russian works of art market.
Fakes are another matter.
Fakes are blue or other colours.
Fakes are extremely easy to spot.
Fakes are generally easy to spot just by looking at the content.
Fakes are imitation.
Fakes are usually quite white, while a vintage card is a greyish yellow.
Fakes are worth zero.
Fakes can pop up just about anywhere.
Fakes distort history.
Fakes tend to be perfect.
Fakes tend to trick the other fielders.
Fakes often feel far too heavy or too light.
Fakes often have an even, chemically created, oxide or corrosion pattern.
Fakes often have the wrong colour nose.
Many fakes have a ridge or line down the middle of the oak leaves.
Most fakes are made in China, but they are sold in America.
Most fakes are more subtle.
Most fakes now have comparison originals.
Some fakes are glaringly obvious.
A faker is a slicker
Fakers often simulate indiscriminately.
Fakers usually try to make sure they're perfect.
A fakery is dissimulation
Fakery is still to be feared.
A fakir is a saint
Fakirs use it as an intestinal anesthetic.
Falciparum malaria induces uterine contractions, resulting in premature labour.
Falciparum malaria is common and there was the odd case of cerebral malaria.
Falco guest goes out.
A falcon is a hawk
Falcon allows modeling of large, economically important oil fields in their entirety.
Falcon discovers a red, hot egg in Central Park.
Falcon does it right.
Falcon is a gas storage company based in Houston.
Falcon is busy re-structuring their on line catalog.
Falcon is just a good hybrid that accents the simulation of combat piloting, as opposed to flying.
Falcon is MOM, so it's naturally able to handle interprocess communications asynchronously.
Falcon is one of the largest independently owned aviation insurance specialists in the country.
Falcon is set in the Korean peninsula where a real-time full scale battle is raging.
Falcon isa hawk.
Falcon knows the effect.
Falcon leads in air combat simulation.
Falcon looks great.
Falcon looks left and is upon a blue shield.
Falcon minimizes complexity whilst maximizing flexibility.
Falcon plans to drill on the same island soon.
Falcon produces good moving, people oriented offspring that are wonderful to work with.
Falcon provides the value of durable, competitively priced security and lock products.
Falcon represents a number of successful recording artists.
Falcons adapt easily to urban life.
Falcons adapt to life.
Falcons are another omen.
Falcons are birds of prey.
Falcons are birds of prey.
Falcons are birds.
Falcons are carnivorous and sensitive to stored food during breeding.
Falcons are famous for their swooping dives to catch prey.
Falcons are fast flying hunters suited for taking prey in the air.
Falcons are generally solitary birds and only really come together to mate.
Falcons are great hunters and one of endangered species in the world.
Falcons are hawks.
Falcons are here thanks to pigeons.
Falcons are known as falcons.
Falcons are known to be very susceptible to avian influenza .
Falcons are longer-winged than buteos and accipiters, and they have tapered tails.
Falcons are majestic creatures and cunning hunters.
Falcons are medium to small birds of prey with pointed wings and long, thin tails.
Falcons are migratory birds from breeding grounds to wintering grounds and back.
Falcons are programming language.
Falcons are raptors.
Falcons are roughly divisible into three or four groups.
Falcons are slim, hawk-like birds, with pointed wings and long tails.
Falcons are small, speedy birds of prey known for their aerial agility.
Falcons are streamlined birds with pointed wings and longish tails.
Falcons are strong and agile.
Falcons are strong and fast fliers.
Falcons are the fastest creatures on Earth.
Falcons are the jets of the natural world.
Falcons are their arrows like a forest seem their sheilds.
Falcons are very sensitive to climatic conditions and fastest in the animal kingdom.
Falcons can can attack just like parrots, but they can also be used to fend off or kill parrots.
Falcons can find an abundance of prey including pigeons, waterfowl and shorebirds.
Falcons capture prey.
Falcons catch animals.
Falcons catch birds.
Falcons catch food.
Falcons catch prey.
Falcons catch rats.
Falcons chase doves.
Falcons close feet.
Falcons eat animals.
Falcons eat mammals.
Falcons exhibit eyes.
Falcons exhibit movement.
Falcons feed hatchlings.
Falcons feed on birds.
Falcons fetch the highest price in the international market.
Falcons finish second in conference regular season.
Falcons fly over habitats.
Falcons fly over heads.
Falcons fly over ponds.
Falcons fly over trees.
Falcons fold wings.
Falcons follow prey.
Falcons front seven appears strong.
Falcons generally moult once a year.
Falcons go to air.
Falcons grab prey.
Falcons has-part beaks.
Falcons has-part claws.
Falcons has-part eyes.
Falcons has-part legs.
Falcons has-part wings.
Falcons have (part) air sacs.
Falcons have (part) bird's feet.
Falcons have (part) brains.
Falcons have (part) breasts.
Falcons have (part) cell membranes.
Falcons have (part) cells.
Falcons have (part) chest cavities.
Falcons have (part) chests.
Falcons have (part) corpi.
Falcons have (part) cytoplasm.
Falcons have (part) ears.
Falcons have (part) faces.
Falcons have (part) flight feathers.
Falcons have (part) heads.
Falcons have (part) lips.
Falcons have (part) mouths.
Falcons have (part) nuclei.
Falcons have (part) plasma membranes.
Falcons have (part) quill feathers.
Falcons have (part) rib cages.
Falcons have (part) second joints.
Falcons have (part) sections.
Falcons have (part) skulls.
Falcons have (part) sterna.
Falcons have (part) talons.
Falcons have (part) vacuoles.
Falcons have (part) wishbones.
Falcons have a small tubercule within each nare.
Falcons have a streamlined body, long, pointed wings and long tails.
Falcons have a unique way of catching their food.
Falcons have ability.
Falcons have anatomies.
Falcons have bones.
Falcons have external anatomies.
Falcons have keen vision.
Falcons have long, slim wings which taper to pointed tips.
Falcons have taper wings.
Falcons have two regions of retina for acute vision.
Falcons have vision.
Falcons have wings that are narrower than other raptors to aid in their speedy flight.
Falcons have wings.
Falcons hunt pheasants.
Falcons lay eggs.
Falcons learn to fly in Western Lakes proving ground.
Falcons lift wings.
Falcons live in nature.
Falcons live in pairs.
Falcons live in regions.
Falcons love mice.
Falcons love the city.
Falcons make eggs.
Falcons make nests.
Falcons make up the third grouping in the hawk family.
Falcons nest in corners.
Falcons nest on cliffs.
Falcons nest on ledges.
Falcons occasionally clutch.
Falcons occupy areas.
Falcons occupy regions.
Falcons occur in habitats.
Falcons only breed in captivity when they feel convenience and comfortability.
Falcons perch in tall trees.
Falcons perch in trees.
Falcons possess eggs.
Falcons pray for a good pick.
Falcons prefer habitats.
Falcons prefer open country.
Falcons prey mostly on pigeons which are found in abundance near our generating stations.
Falcons prey upon wintering individuals.
Falcons remain in first place in the East.
Falcons remain symbols of speed and power in our modern society.
Falcons return because there's a bond that's built with the owner.
Falcons return to forests.
Falcons return to habitats.
Falcons return to nests.
Falcons return to trees.
Falcons run defense vs. Vikings run offense .
Falcons seek prey.
Falcons shake heads.
Falcons shake wings.
Falcons share a close evolutionary history with both hawks and eagles.
Falcons share characteristics.
Falcons sit on eggs.
Falcons sit on nests.
Falcons spread wings.
Falcons start to breed when they are about a year old.
Falcons sweep first home series of the season.
Falcons take over after kickoff goes out of bounds.
Falcons threaten colonies.
Falcons typically begin incubation after the second or third egg.
Falcons use both their talons and beak to subdue prey.
Falcons use old nests of other species.
Falcons wait for fish.
Falcons wait for food.
Falcons wait for meals.
Falcons wait for prey.
Falcons win .
Falcons frequently swoop overhead.
Falcons usually catch their prey, primarily birds, in the air.
All falcons have dark eyes, dark facial markings and long toes for catching their avian prey.
Most falcons adapt to life.
Most falcons are known as falcons.
Most falcons are monogamous and they have unique breeding cycle.
Most falcons capture prey.
Most falcons catch food.
Most falcons eat animals.
Most falcons eat mammals.
Most falcons feed hatchlings.
Most falcons feed on birds.
Most falcons fly over habitats.
Most falcons fly over heads.
Most falcons fly over ponds.
Most falcons fly over trees.
Most falcons fold wings.
Most falcons follow prey.
Most falcons go to air.
Most falcons grab prey.
Most falcons has-part beaks.
Most falcons has-part claws.
Most falcons has-part eyes.
Most falcons has-part legs.
Most falcons has-part wings.
Most falcons have ability.
Most falcons have anatomies.
Most falcons have bones.
Most falcons have external anatomies.
Most falcons have keen vision.
Most falcons have taper wings.
Most falcons have vision.
Most falcons have wings.
Most falcons lift wings.
Most falcons live in nature.
Most falcons live in regions.
Most falcons love mice.
Most falcons make eggs.
Most falcons make nests.
Most falcons occupy areas.
Most falcons occupy regions.
Most falcons occur in habitats.
Most falcons possess eggs.
Most falcons prefer habitats.
Most falcons return to forests.
Most falcons return to habitats.
Most falcons return to nests.
Most falcons return to trees.
Most falcons seek prey.
Most falcons shake heads.
Most falcons shake wings.
Most falcons sit on eggs.
Most falcons sit on nests.
Most falcons spread wings.
Most falcons threaten colonies.
Most falcons wait for fish.
Most falcons wait for food.
Most falcons wait for meals.
Most falcons wait for prey.
Some falcons are inside nests.
Some falcons cap unto quick, left shirt aim one mild honey with little college.
Some falcons eat birds.
Some falcons eat insects.
Some falcons eat many birds.
Some falcons eat pigeons.
Some falcons eat prey.
Some falcons eat reptiles.
Some falcons eat small reptiles.
Some falcons enter nests.
Some falcons fly over eggs.
Some falcons fly over food.
Some falcons fly over forests.
Some falcons fly over islands.
Some falcons fly over nests.
Some falcons fly over water.
Some falcons form pair bonds.
Some falcons give birth to predators.
Some falcons kill bats.
Some falcons kill birds.
Some falcons kill small birds.
Some falcons live in Australia.
Some falcons live in habitats.
Some falcons live in parks.
Some falcons live in tundra.
Some falcons mate for life.
Some falcons possess defence.
Some falcons possess nests.
Some falcons prey on birds.
Some falcons prey on small birds.
Some falcons reach maturity.
Some falcons reach sexual maturity.
Some falcons relate to magpies.
Some falcons require countrysides.
Some falcons rest on islands.
Some falcons return to colonies.
Some falcons return to eggs.
Some falcons return to food.
Some falcons seek pigeons.
Some falcons seek shelter.
Some falcons seize squirrels.
Some falcons sit on poles.
Some falcons sit on stumps.
Some falcons sit on wrists.
Some falcons spread legs.
Some falcons wait for animals.
Some falcons wait for birds.
Some falcons wait for frogs.
Some falcons wait for mice.
Some falcons wait for something.
A falconer is a hunter
Falconers are hunters.
Falconers can also enjoy sage grouse hunting.
Falconers can also hunt during any open season, such as the one for rabbits.
Falconers can obtain a raptor by purchaing a captive-bred one, or obtain one from the wild.
Falconers design their mews for the bird's best physical and mental condition.
Falconers have permits to keep raptors, and have training in handling and working with the birds.
Falconers have to plan their social and working lives around their sport.
Falconers meet for a sporting event.
Falconers provide 'hands on' instruction with short or long hunting walks.
Many falconers are licensed to trap and remove raptors.
Many falconers have concerns about feeding starlings.
Many falconers like to feed the quail gastrointestinal tract for the flora that it contains.
Most falconers do feed food that is stored frozen.
Most falconers eventually release their kestrels back into the wild once they are of breeding age.
Most falconers welcome informed and enthusiastic helpers.
Some falconers feed a small amount every day, others feed a small amount once a week.
Some falconers raise pigeons, chickens, quail, or rabbits for the food.
Some falconers try to completely strip the fat out of the bird's diet.
Some falconers use both methods for their game hawks.
Falconry birds are trained to come back for food.
A fall armyworm is a caterpillar
Fall armyworm is more difficult to control than the common armyworm.
Fall armyworms are a tropical insect species.
Fall armyworms are caterpillars that eat the leaves and are worse on lespedeza in hot, dry weather.
Fall armyworms are caterpillars.
Fall armyworms are moth larvae that feed on grassy crops and forage.
Fall armyworms are sometimes a problem in wheat production in the fall before frost.
Fall armyworms are typically a problem on newly seeded winter wheat before a killing frost occurs.
Fall armyworms can cause serious damage in one to two days before the damage is even noticed.
Fall armyworms continue to be a problem in pastures.
Fall armyworms continue to occur in a few fields.
Fall armyworms feed on a variety of plants, including forage grasses.
Fall armyworms feed on the young plants and eat the plants to the ground, causing a loss of stand.
Fall armyworms vary in color from pale green to almost black.
Fall colors adorn the hills and coulees of the valley.
Fall colors are at their peak and the weather is still warm.
Fall colors are at their peak in northern Michigan.
Fall colors are beautiful orange-gold.
Fall colors are beautiful.
Fall colors are blends of gold and red.
Fall colors are bright yellows.
Fall colors are brilliant and range from orange to scarlet.
Fall colors are brilliant.
Fall colors are evident in the yards and trees of Lewiston area residents.
Fall colors are here and frost is in the air.
Fall colors are in bloom at our store.
Fall colors are often more vivid in cloudy weather than on sunny days.
Fall colors are preferable.
Fall colors are reds and are also distinctly two toned.
Fall colors are some of the best in Missouri.
Fall colors are very attractive ranging from clear yellow, apricot to orange-red and plum.
Fall colors are vivid, with showy yellow flowers in spring. .
Fall colors begin as deciduous trees lose their leaves.
Fall colors begin in Mid September with the maples turning red.
Fall colors can differ from one year to the next.
Fall colors come alive in the Canyon.
Fall colors illuminate the area's unique geological formations, lava rock and stunning lake.
Fall colors make hiking natural trails a magnificent experience.
Fall colors make the scenery particularly dramatic.
Fall colors provide a beautiful picturesque view of the park.
Fall colors range from bright red to dark brown.
Fall colors range from clear yellow to orange-red and plum.
Fall colors range from scarlet, red, and orange, starting early lasting long.
Fall Creek has high capability for future expansion of camping and other recreation facilities.
Fall Creek is such a place.
Fall Creek is well known for it's academic excellence as well as athletic performance.
Fall Creek runs through the northernmost end of the parcel.
Fall factor is one of the elements that govern shock force.
Fall Festival celebrates the Iowa harvest.
Fall Festival is next week.
Fall Festival Welcome and celebrate the autumn season.
Fall festivals are a fun part of everyone's childhood.
Fall flowers are everywhere.
Fall flowers are the gravy here.
Fall frost kills basils.
Fall frost kills leaves.
Fall frost kills plants.
Fall leafs are located in lawns.
Fall leafs are located in streets.
Fall leaves are also a good mulch.
Fall leaves are the perfect fuel for fires, since they are generally dry and crisp.
Fall leaves can also help keep weeds away.
Fall leaves turn golden yellow.
Fall leaves are an excellent mulch.
Fall leaves are an ideal choice.
Fall leaves drop off to reduce loss of water from plant in dry, cold winter air.
Fall leaves have turned and are gone, the snow caps are on the mountain tops.
Fall leaves transform into stunning rustic orange and vibrant red.
Fall migrants begin journeys.
Fall migrants begin southward journeys.
Fall people lose weight.
Fall rain comes into contact.
Fall River contains stocked rainbow and brook trout.
Fall River has cultural attractions in profusion, including a nest of museums on the waterfront.
Fall River has something for every taste and culture.
Fall River is a series of neighborhoods joined as a city.
Fall River is restricted to flyfishing only.
Fall runs spawn closer to the ocean and more often use small coastal streams.
Fall schedule is subject to change.
Fall schedule is up.
Fall schedules are available at the registrar's office.
Fall skies are also free of arctic haze, a wave of pollution from Eastern Europe and Asia.
Fall skies are also free of Arctic haze, a wave of pollution from Eastern Europe and Asia.
Fall tours give a short overview of how to best use all of our resources.
Fall trees provide shelter.
A fall webworm is a webworm
Fall webworms have many natural enemies that ordinarily keep the numbers down.
Fall winds are just around the corner.
Fall winds are the lightest and least consistent.
Fall winds bring migrating hawks, following updrafts along mountain ridges and coastlines.
Fall zones are necessary to mitigate severity of fall injuries.
Fall announces itself with crisp morning air and leaves changing color.
Fall armyworms a problem in isolated sorghum fields.
FALL brings a wonderful change in the weather.
Fall brings about pumpkins, pumkin patch tours and haunted hayrides .
Fall brings autumn leaves, an attraction families, couples, singles, and senior adults always enjoy.
Fall brings band parties after home games, pledge swaps, and socials.
Fall brings calmer winds and warmer temperatures and is the best time to view the Central Coast.
Fall brings colors unsurpassed anywhere.
Fall brings cool days with below freezing night time lows.
Fall brings cool nights and the deep shades of crimson and gold to the hillsides.
Fall brings cool sea breezes and an average temp.
Fall brings cool temperatures, falling leaves, and low stream-water levels.
Fall brings excellent fishing, beautiful colors, hiking, hunting, bird watching, and more.
Fall brings flyovers of migrating hawks.
Fall brings hayrides and foliage tours.
Fall brings huckleberries and hunters, and the campgrounds receive heavy use.
Fall brings hunters seeking elk, deer, bears, and grouse.
Fall brings leaf peeping, hiking and hunting.
Fall brings owls, northern migratory birds, and spectacularly-coloured foliage.
Fall brings pumpkin bright days, harvest moon nights, geese, and occasionally a nosey black bear.
Fall brings pumpkins picked or U-pick, haunted barn.
Fall brings reds and yellows and it's fun to kick through the fallen leaves on the sidewalks.
Fall brings scarlet berries that turn black as they ripen, providing food for many birds.
Fall can involve lands.
Fall can involve skinned knees.
Fall continues to be an excellent opportunity to get a head start on next season's weed control.
Fall ends with lands.
Fall explodes into a rainbow of colors or come watch the bald eagles fly in winter.
Fall feels cool and windy.
Fall glows with a unique cover of brilliant colors.
Fall hatches in the Ozarks are among the best of the year.
Fall is a season
Fall is autumn.
Fall is better.
Fall is books.
Fall is by far the best time of year around here.
Fall is by far the best time to combine backpacking and trout fishing.
Fall is by far the best time to get side tracked.
Fall is by far the most pleasant time to play.
Fall is capable of break bones.
Fall is coming.
Fall is festival time across Montana.
Fall is hurricane season in the South.
Fall is hurricane season.
Fall is motivated by the goal of dies.
Fall is motivated by the goal of rushs.
Fall is motivated by the goal of tos.
FALL Is perhaps the best season of the year to visit the entire country.
Fall is seasons.
Fall is sin.
Fall is victories.
Fall looks good.
Fall marks a turn in the season as well as the start of haunted houses.
Fall marks the beginning of the workplace giving campaign season.
Fall marks the end of the harvest, a time of change and, for many, the coming of the new year.
FALL offers an unbelievable foliage season.
Fall offers deer and small game seasons for the hunters.
Fall offers striking colors and prime hiking, biking, and canoeing.
Fall offers warm, breezy days with tree leaves turning to shades of red, golden yellows and orange.
Fall paints the area landscape with rich hues and brilliant colors.
Fall panicum control in corn with postemergence herbicide treatments.
Fall panicum seedlings have densely hairy sheaths, but blades are only hairy on the lower surfaces.
Fall represents many things to many different people.
Fall signifies a time to move on-a new start for the wood duck.
Fall starts in a month.
Fall starts our theater season.
Fall starts the citrus harvest.
Fall starts to bring the colors out with cooler temperatures.
Fall starts tomorrow and with it comes the promise of a great season ahead.
Fall suggests change.
Fall tends to be stormier.
Fall tends to be the driest season but summer droughts can occur.
Falls account for accidental deaths equally between the work and home environment.
Falls account for approximately two-thirds of swing injuries, most being falls to the surface.
Falls account for more than half of the fatal accidents in construction.
Falls add additional risk.
Falls affect everyone.
Falls also are the most common cause of fatal injury for older people.
Falls also cause a number of injuries.
Falls also contribute to nonfatal injuries such as fractures.
Falls also happen when extra riders, including children, are on or in the wagon.
Falls also happen when people climb objects without using fall protection equipment.
Falls also occur for other reasons.
Falls also occur when a person's hand slips on the side of the tub while getting in or out.
Falls also occur when the walker understeps.
Falls also result from diminished vision, hearing, muscle strength, coordination and reflexes.
Falls are a common and serious problem for nursing home residents.
Falls are a common playground injury.
Falls are a common problem facing older adults.
Falls are a common problem for seniors.
Falls are a common reason for early admission into long-term care facilities.
Falls are a distinct probability.
Falls are a frequent precipitant of osteoporotic fractures.
Falls are a leading cause of injuries, hospitalizations, and deaths among the elderly.
Falls are a leading cause of injury around homes.
Falls are a leading cause of traumatic occupational death.
Falls are a leading reason that seniors are hospitalized.
Falls are a major cause of fractures in people with osteoporosis.
Falls are a major health care concern for the individual, family and health care system.
Falls are a major mechanism of injury for the preschooler.
Falls are a major reason for people losing their personal independence.
Falls are a major source of injury to older people.
Falls are a much bigger problem, and they can happen on any road or path.
Falls are a part of a skier's life.
Falls are a particular danger for elders and others with brittle bones, or osteoporosis.
Falls are a significant cause of non-fatal injury among children and adolescents.
Falls are a yellish ground veined light blue with a green yellow signal.
Falls are about evenly divided between stony and iron meteorites.
Falls are almost always occasions of profound and uninvited contemplation.
Falls are also a concern due to the heights of bins and silos.
Falls are also a frequent problem in the elderly population.
Falls are also a major cause of death in the older population.
Falls are also a major cause of tractor accidents.
Falls are also the leading cause of injuries and hospital admissions for older adults.
Falls are also the main cause of serious injuries and accidental deaths in older people.
Falls are also the most common cause of fatal injury for older people.
Falls are always beautiful.
Falls are an ever-present danger and carpeting is just more forgiving.
Falls are an important clinical problem for nursing facility residents.
Falls are an important health problem for Canadian seniors and veterans.
Falls are an important source of injury.
Falls are another common cause.
Falls are another major cause of injury in the workforce.
Falls are another problem for the elderly in nursing homes.
Falls are at the top of the list.
Falls are common among older people.
Falls are common among the elderly and often lead to loss of independence or even death.
Falls are common but serious accidents are extremely rare.
Falls are common.
Falls are costly accidents.
Falls are deepest violet, nearly jet-black.
Falls are different from collapsing.
Falls are frequent.
Falls are hard to avoid in the sport of gymnastics.
Falls are honey yellow set off by a tangerine beard.
Falls are in orange, finds are in white.
Falls are just part of steeplechase races.
Falls are mauvish buff with rosy buff hafts.
Falls are meteorites whose arrival on Earth was witnessed and recorded.
Falls are more common if the shoes are too long or have sole material that is slippery or sticky.
Falls are more likely to result in a broken arm or hip.
Falls are most likely to occur in bedrooms, kitchens, bathrooms, and on stairs.
Falls are often due to hazards that are easy to overlook but easy to fix.
Falls are one of the chief sources of occupational injury.
Falls are one of the leading causes of injuries among the elderly.
Falls are one of the most common causes of injury to children.
Falls are one of the most serious problems in the construction industry.
Falls are one of the top causes of injury in national parks.
Falls are pale buttery peach with an ivory area around tangerine beards.
Falls are promoted in rocks which are characterised by presence of vertical cracks.
Falls are quite common when baby first starts walking.
Falls are serious stuff for older people.
Falls are the biggest cause of serious injuries and accidental death among seniors.
Falls are the commonest cause of accidents for all ages but particularly among the elderly.
Falls are the fourth leading cause of injury-related death in all ages in the United States.
Falls are the greatest killers in the home.
Falls are the leading cause of death and a major cause of serious injuries on construction jobs.
Falls are the leading cause of death in construction.
Falls are the leading cause of deaths in the home.
Falls are the leading cause of hospital admission for older adults.
Falls are the leading cause of injuries in older adults.
Falls are the leading cause of injury .
Falls are the leading cause of injury hospitalizations, both in Washington and nationally.
Falls are the leading cause of injury-related hospitalization among children and youth.
Falls are the leading cause of wagon-related injuries.
Falls are the leading cause of worker deaths in the construction industry.
Falls are the leading cause of worker fatalities in the construction industry.
Falls are the leading causes of accidental deaths in the home.
Falls are the main thing to avoid.
Falls are the most common accident even on staircases.
Falls are the most common cause of fatal injury for older people.
Falls are the most common cause of injuries among the elderly.
Falls are the most common cause of injuries and hospital admissions for trauma among the elderly.
Falls are the most common injury associated with cribs, even though they are the easiest to prevent.
Falls are the most common injury in the home.
Falls are the most common office accident, accounting for the greatest number of disabling injuries.
Falls are the most common presentation in children.
Falls are the most common source of injuries for skate boarders and skaters.
Falls are the most common type of accident among patients.
Falls are the most frequent cause of injury-related death among the elderly.
Falls are the most serious potential safety problem.
Falls are the next leading cause of spinal cord injury.
Falls are the number one cause of fatal accidents at home.
Falls are the Number One cause of unintended deaths in the home.
Falls are the number-one accident in the home.
Falls are the primary cause of osteoporosis related injury.
Falls are the primary hazard associated with the use of ladders.
Falls are the second leading cause, followed by assaults and firearms.
Falls are the second leading cause, followed by diving.
Falls are the second leading cause.
Falls are the third leading cause of injury death in New Hampshire.
Falls are the third leading cause of TBI-associated death.
Falls are the third major cause of injuries.
Falls are usually clear and crisp and Indian summers occur frequently.
Falls are very beautiful in Maryland, the color of the trees is amazing.
Falls are white with luminata patches sanded purple and hafts sanded plum.
Falls are, by far, the leading cause of pediatric injury, hospital admissions and death.
Falls become likely.
Falls bend or lean towards gravity rather than going straight downwards.
Falls bleak soundless dark pitiful.
Falls Call No.
Falls can be a life-changing event.
Falls can be more dangerous due to increased speed and clumsiness of a pack.
Falls can have unfortunate results beyond the actual physical injury.
Falls can lead to a fear of falling which decreases mobility and independence.
Falls can lead to a tragic loss of older people's independence and mobility.
Falls can result from undercutting by running water as well as from undercutting by waves.
Falls can result in serious injury or life threatening situations.
Falls cause injury to people at home, at work, or in public places.
Falls cause much greater forces than just hanging.
Falls continue to represent the leading cause of fatal accidents on construction sites.
Falls face first.
Falls happen a lot with growing children.
Falls happen as a result of both personal and environmental factors.
Falls happen so suddenly many people are unable to react in time to prevent serious injuries.
Falls have a narrow red violet plic rim with red violet veins running from the beards to that rim.
Falls involve both tractor operators and extra riders who are often children.
Falls kill more young goats than anything else.
Falls land many people in the hospital with broken bones.
Falls lead to injuries.
Falls occur because of different reasons.
Falls occur for a number of reasons, but in general they can be broken down into two categories.
Falls occur in children and usually result in less severe injuries.
Falls occur on all types of surfaces and from heights.
Falls overtake motor vehicles as leading cause of injury after age.
Falls pose a danger in the Ozarks because of the rugged topography.
Falls pose no danger.
Falls rank third in toddler injury.
Falls result when body movement shifts the body too far off the center of balance.
Fall always brings a delicious supply of new yarns for winter projects.
Fall always brings on new changes and challenges.
Falls often cause injuries that lead to long-term loss of independence.
Falls often happen when climbing.
Falls often have a grave impact on independence and quality of life.
Any fall is automatically a deduction of five tenths of a point.
Every fall has the potential to cause death or lifetime disability.
Every fall seems to go too quickly as far as leaves go.
Every fall there is a scramble on where to put kids.
Many falls are dry except during spring.
Many falls are preventable.
Many falls are unavoidable.
Many falls occur due to liquid spills.
Many falls occur when ice is so thin that it is difficult to see.
Many falls occur when leaving or entering the home.
Many falls occur when patients try to get to the bathroom by themselves.
Many falls result from the use of ladders.
Most falls are rockfalls.
Most falls are the result of simple loss of control.
Most falls occur at home.
Most falls occur during common, everyday activities.
Most falls occur indoors.
Most falls result in a quick recovery.
Most falls take place on the floor rather than from a height.
Some falls are simple accidents caused by hazardous environmental conditions.
Some falls have more than one name.
Fallacious appeals can target almost any emotion, but some are more common than others.
Fallacious arguments are nearly always invalid.
Many fallacious arguments exist, but here are a few of the most common ones.
Fallacious argumentation abounds.
Fallacies abound where UFOs are concerned and are repeated until they assume the status of facts.
Fallacies are bad arguments that have names.
Fallacies are common forms of incorrect reasoning.
Fallacies are major pitfalls to be avoided when constructing an argument.
Fallacies are the norm in media and political discussions of international trade.
Fallacies are weaknesses in an argument.
Fallacies exist in all political and philosophical systems.
Fallacies is both wonderfully mind expanding and everyday practical.
Fallacy is misconception
Fallacy is misconception.
Some fallacies are so well known that they have a name.
A fallback is a retreat
Fallback ceases to be a viable option.
Fallen angels are extremely dangerous.
Fallen bamboo leaves mulch the soil surface.
Fallen crowns indicate the collapse of a kingdom or monarchy.
Fallen flowers are pretty on lawns, but make a slippery mess on pavement.
Fallen humankind remains able to do algebra marvellously.
Fallen leafs are located in forests.
Fallen leafs are located in ground.
Fallen leafs are located in roofs.
Fallen leafs are located in trees.
Fallen leafs are singles.
Fallen logs are an ecosystem in themselves.
Fallen logs are critical components of the nutrient cycle in terrestrial forests.
Fallen man can go to Eden once again And find in fortune's fill e'en earthly happiness.
Fallen man can tolerate sin.
Fallen man deserves nothing.
Fallen man exists only as a shell.
Fallen man has a very difficult time being logical.
Fallen man has no idea the high standard they are supposed to live.
Fallen man has no idea what a vile thing that sin really is.
Fallen man has two persons in one body.
Fallen man is a spiritual pauper, entirely dependent upon divine charity.
Fallen man is born with the certainty of death's future claim.
Fallen man is in the position of having two fathers and one mother.
Fallen man is inconstant.
Fallen man is like a fireplace housing both dry and wet firewood.
Fallen man is so inefficient.
Fallen man needs a substantial model to follow.
Fallen man possesses a soul from birth that is directed towards the material things of the world.
Fallen mankind are under the curse .
Any fallen officer is one too many.
Fallen rain swishes into the sewers, forgotten.
Fallen snow is mostly air spaces.
Any fallen wire is potentially hazardous.
A faller is a person
Faller is coercive, and puts words in the child's mouth.
Fallers are companies.
Fallers are different.
Fallers are people.
Fallers drive wedges to widen the saw kerf.
Fallible men design fallible computers.
Fallible priests are still part of the doctrine of aspiration.
Fallings can involve break bones.
Fallings can involve fear.
Fallings can involve fights.
Fallings can involve giggles.
Fallings can involve groans.
Fallings can involve hits.
Fallings can involve injuries.
Fallings can involve lands.
Fallings can involve laughs.
Fallings can involve roll.
Fallings can involve screams.
Fallings can involve tumbles.
Fallings can involve waves.
Fallings causes broken bones.
Fallings causes injuries.
Fallings causes laceration.
Fallings causes landings.
Fallings causes pain.
Fallings causes skin knees.
Fallings causes skinning knees.
Fallings is capable of hurt.
Fallings is movement.
Fallings is used for autumn leafs.
Fallings is used for drunks.
Fallings is used for fools.
Fallopian tubes are connected to a. the corpus luteum.
Fallout concentration is based on a popular card guessing game.
Fallout shelter is shelter
Fallout shelters are excellent makeout spots.
Fallout continues from mink release in northeast Iowa.
Fallout creates a classic old school role-playing experience with all new depth and complexity.
Fallout deserves more attention than it has received.
Fallout Do while at the begining of a fight.
Fallout emits dangerous radiation that can harm living organisms.
Fallout is a great setting.
Fallout is a phenomenon much more associated with nuclear weapons.
Fallout is an absolute hoot to play.
Fallout is best game of the year.
Fallout is created when a nuclear weapon explodes on or near the ground.
Fallout is dust
Fallout is dust.
Fallout is easily the best role-playing game released in the past year, and maybe longer.
Fallout is just the same way.
Fallout is more than that.
Fallout is the best RPG known to man.
Fallout is video games.
Fallout oozes style.
Fallout promises mass annihilation from beginning to end, tinged with moral struggle.
Fallout remains one of the classic CRPGs of all time.
Fallout rides prevailing winds and can cover much of a continent.
Fallouts are intense but they can also be brief.
Fallow bucks are less social than does, typically found either solitarily or in small groups.
A fallow deer is a deer
Fallow deer are a semi-domesticated animal, and are primarily a grazing animal.
Fallow deer are about half the size of red deer.
Fallow deer are one of the most widespread species in the world.
Fallow deer fall into three main color classifications, white, chocolate and spotted.
Fallow deer follow the patterns of their Cervid counterparts in reproduction states.
Fallow deer have sharp vision.
Fallow deer have vision.
Fallow deer seem to be relatively resistant.
Fallow deers are deers.
Fallow deers are mammals.
Most fallow deer have sharp vision.
Most fallow deer have vision.
Some fallow deer have different color phases.
Some fallow deer have different phases.
Some fallow deer have phases.
Fallow ground is ground which has once been tilled, but has gotten hard and now lies waste.
Fallow ground refers to an empty or unplanted field.
All fallow land is to be ploughed up and a regular system of rotation followed.
Fallow method affects downy brome population in winter wheat.
Fallow periods are also important for maintaining soil fertility.
Fallow venison is a fine-grained, high quality product.
A fallow is a tilth
Fallows are most often lighter than Cinnamons.
Fallows perceives the digital revolution as arriving in waves.
Fallows treats the issue seriously, intelligently, and deals with it in depth.
Falls zones are surfaces that are free from any obstructions.
False acceptance is when an unauthorized user gains access to a biometrically protected system.
False accusation is the last stage before supernatural promotion.
False accusations are rampant.
False accusations can have a similar impact.
False accusations can have serious effects on innocent men and women.
False accusations can have similar impact.
False accusations can inflict great damage on someones life.
False accusations cause irreparable harm both to the accuser and to the falsely accused.
False accusations have a damaging effect on innocent people.
Any false accusations result in the accuser consuming.
False advertising can be a problem with resorts and getaways.
False advertising can lead to a large recovery for a group of deceived consumers.
False advertising is a class A misdemeanor.
False advertising is clearly harmful.
False advertising is illegal.
False advertising is no way to foster public support and understanding for treaties.
False advertising is now a serious problem in China.
False advertising is often the cause of consumer complaints.
False advertising occurs when a misleading statement about a product or service deceives the public.
False affirmation is manipulation.
False alarm is a warning
False alarm is warning.
False alarms add unnecessary risk to the responding officers and the public in general.
False alarms are a common bugbear of any alarm system.
False alarms are a hazard .
False alarms are a hazard.
False alarms are a nuisance to alarm users as well as their neighbors.
False alarms are a waste of everyones time.
False alarms are a waste of police resources.
False alarms are also one of the greatest hazards.
False alarms are an indicator of the quality of the alarm installation and user education.
False alarms are an unnecessary expenditure of police response time.
False alarms are limited and avoided by software filtering.
False alarms are now a rarity.
False alarms are part and parcel of all screening activities.
False alarms are slightly down but are a perpetual nuisance.
False alarms are the only draw back.
False alarms are very common.
False alarms are very expensive to the tax payers of Orlando.
False alarms are virtually unheard of, because of the system quality and proven design.
False alarms can be the result of clutter, noise in the sensor, or errors in signal processing.
False alarms can be unnerving, too.
False alarms can occur when there is a small load and the charger switches from equalize to float.
False alarms cause major problems and risk the safety of building occupants.
False alarms cause police response to alarm activations to be less reliable.
False alarms constitute a hazard to police officers and the general public.
False alarms create a financial burden for response personnel and ultimately for consumers.
False alarms create a potential danger to citizens and officers responding to the call.
False alarms create a potential danger to citizens and the officers responding to the call.
False alarms deplete limited police resources and can jeopardize police officer safety.
False alarms kill.
False alarms occur often.
False alarms rang out and then quieted just as quickly.
False alarms seem to be a considerable concern.
False alarms sound.
False alarms take police away from real emergencies.
Every false alarm has to be taken seriously.
Most false alarm is triggered by unreliable shock sensors.
Most false alarms occur at the key pad due to pressing the wrong buttons.
False albacore are no different.
False albacore are still abundant along the beaches but albies at the wrecks are bigger.
False albacore look like their giant tuna cousins, but they are inedible.
False allegations can so very quickly and completely destroy a good reputation.
False allegations do occur.
False antecedents create true conditionals.
False apparitions seem to fall into two general categories.
False aralia is a hard to grow house plant requiring medium light intensity.
False aralia is more difficult to grow than other schefflera.
False arguments erode citizens' confidence in public officials and in government as a whole.
False armor is worse than no armor at all.
False arrest is one way of committing the tort of false imprisonment.
False assumptions can damage, even destroy a marriage.
False assumptions lurk everywhere.
False assumptions yield false assurance.
False assurance is even more likely to lead to a broken neck than no weak assurance.
Any false attack presupposes a predictable reaction from the opponent.
False attributions lead to failure to cope appropriately.
False barriers can get in the way of reaching out empathically to clients.
False Bears are excellent long-distance swimmers.
False Bears are quite agile and can run downhill easily and quickly.
False Bears have good eyesight.
False beards are hard to cut.
False bedding is a good practice that can help improve the quality of bed formation.
A false belief is misconception
False beliefs are irrational.
False beliefs can start from believing in false teachers, false religions and false gods.
Many false beliefs exist concerning proper bowel habits.
False bidders face expulsion.
False billing is a serious offense.
False branches arise interior to the filament as follows.
False casts are a deterrent.
False casting serves several purposes, one of which is to gauge how far out the fly is.
False charities are another popular con.
False charities are another popular consumer con.
False Claims are a Felony.
False clock can occur when there is excessive phase shift , as a function of frequency, in the loop.
False clues are liberally seeded.
False clues have to be good clues, though.
False color is added to highlight different concentration values and different ocean temperatures.
False color makes it easier to see the contours of the coma and the extent of the tail.
False color represents surface brightness.
False colors represent X-ray intensity.
False colour is used in the image to enhance detail.
False colour is used to indicate height.
False colours show high energy X-rays in yellow and lower energy in red.
False composites contain no gemstone material.
False concepts have to be found and rejected.
False conclusions are possible. .
False confessions are one of the major reasons for the conviction of innocent persons.
False confessions arise from any number of known reasons.
False conflicts occur when members misunderstand or misinterpret each others behaviors.
False coordinations are common when AND logic is used.
False counts occur in cloud due to droplet shattering.
False cults say the body is only a container, to justify suicide deaths.
False dandelion produces a tuber two to four inches below the surface of the soil.
False data are dangerous.
False data are grounds for dismissal.
False data collected from the netizen survey directly affects the accuracy of the subsequent survey.
False data is the fabrication or alteration of data to deliberately mislead.
Any false declarations can lead to prosecution resulting in a heavy fine or imprisonment - or both.
False definitions drop away.
False diagnoses are inevitable.
False diagnoses can have serious personal consequences.
False dilemmas produce bad choices.
False distinctions begin to fade and diversity, rather than isolation, becomes the message.
False doctrine grows worse and worse and eats away the soul as gangrene eats away the flesh.
False doctrine is a symptom of an unhealthy religious life.
False doctrine is nothing new.
False doctrine means that the teaching is false, false prophecy means the prophet is false.
False doctrine seems to be accompanied by immorality very often.
False doctrines are from beneath.
False doctrines are sweeping the land, one needs to grow in the Word, and in The Spirit Of God.
False doctrines can be far more pernicious than denied doctrines.
False doctrines prevail in all churches on the face of the earth.
Every false doctrine is plagued with such inconsistency and contradictions.
False documents represent a threat to social stability and order.
False dreams come from the ivory and real ones from the horn.
False drops are extremely rare.
Some false drops are, naturally, inevitable.
False echoes cause navigation hazards, and, if severe enough, can make radar navigation impossible.
False economies end by being expensive in the long run.
False economy becomes most obvious when attempting repairs.
False elements manifest from a desire to be one's opposite.
False emitters can generate false conversations from random locations.
False entries are prepared to show their distribution in the destined places.
False expectations are a major cause of employee turnover.
False expectations lead to disappointment, and law suits.
False expectations lead to major disappointment.
False eyelashes are clearly just a step away.
False eyelashes are so much better than the real ones.
False faith drums up many ways to justify sin.
False faith exists.
False faith is no different than the world.
False faith is very sincere about sovereignty and responsibility.
False fears are responsible for most of human misery.
False figures create an artificial feeling that all is well .
False figures remain in office, but other round of revolution starts.
False fingernails are worse.
False floors are the poor man's sprung floor.
False foxgloves grow in regions.
Most false foxgloves grow in regions.
Some false foxgloves have distribution.
Some false foxgloves require disturbances.
False friends are like autumn leaves, scattered everywhere.
False friends are like autumn leaves.
False friends are like leaves found everywhere.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
False friends come in many sizes.
A false garlic is a wild onion
False garlic is extremely prolific, invasive, and difficult to eradicate.
False gestures ensure the quagmire.
False god sounds workshy.
False gods abound.
False gods become king.
False gods demand the blood of innocents.
False gods have no power - Ex.
False gods make false people.
False gospels are nothing new.
False guilt comes from the accusations of Satan.
False guilt is a vague, cloudy feeling, one that's tough to nail down.
False guilt makes the overactive conscience voracious for expectations.
False guilt occurs when a person feels the guilt that appropriately belongs to another person.
False gurus teach pseudoreligion aimed at material enjoyment and liberation.
False hair fills out the line of the natural hair in back.
False hair is a dress
False happiness flows through their heart.
False harmonics require barely a touch.
False hearts fight, and evil grows, A call for thee resounds.
A false hellebore is a bulbous plant
False hellebore grows in damp or seepage areas, on meadows, and on hillsides.
False history can have disastrous consequences.
False honesty causes much of the solid rock of resentment.
False hooves are present, and there are no tufts of hair on the knees.
False hope comes from somewhere else and can lead to death.
False hope is better than no hope at all .
False hope is better than no hope at all.
False hope is nicer than no hope at all.
False hope is surely the agent of despair.
False hope is worse than locking out potential problems.
False hope suffers a setback.
False humility is just a cover for true pride.
False humility means that one degrades oneself and one's talents.
False ideas are the greatest obstacles to the reception of the gospel.
False ideas have bad consequences.
Many false ideas are in the world about man, life, religion, and the soul.
False identification can lead to arrest.
False identification is the primary cause of wrongful imprisonment.
False identifications are surprisingly common in staged crime experiments.
False identifications are surprisingly common in staged-crime experiments.
False idols have to be replaced by clear, free thinking.
Some false impressions manage to be even falser than others.
False imprisonment is a lesser included offense of the crime of kidnapping.
False imprisonment is a relatively inoffensive, harmless restraint of another person.
False imprisonment is a serious misdemeanor.
False imprisonment is but one example.
False imprisonment is defined as the intentional infliction of a confinement .
False imprisonment is imprisonment.
False imprisonment is internment
All false independence does is make everyone miserable.
False information can be a basis for dismissal.
False information can become the basis for dismissal.
False information can cause alarm, unrest, fear and panic in the community.
False information can lead to the refusal of the visa.
False information feeds off our desire to find the perfect quick fix to attain our ideal body type.
False information is cause for rejection of application.
False information is cause for removal from consideration or dismissal from a position.
False information is dangerous.
False information is injurious to a system built on information.
False information is pervasive.
False information used to obtain credit is a crime.
False integrity is a hard act to continue when the audience is matching words to action.
False intimacy becomes attractive because it makes less demand than an authentic relationship.
False intimacy can easily develop in online chat rooms, for instance.
False keels provide maximum stability for comfortable cruising.
False keels provide stability.
False kindness is the cruelest form of management.
False knowledge is impossible.
False knowledge is self-contradictory.
False labor is a common occurrence.
False labor is contraction
False labor is felt more as a pain in the abdomen than the lower back.
False leads arise.
False leaders fleece the sheep instead of feeding the sheep.
False love becomes a battle, a power game.
False love is fake, man-centered and calculating love.
False markets exist in many shares for lengthy periods.
False matches go with the territory.
False memory can lead to baseless accusations, mass hysteria.
Many false memories involve an error in source memory .
Many false memories involve an error in source memory.
False mercy is no better.
False modesty is only one of a series of false behavior patterns.
False modesty is only one of a series of false behaviour patterns.
False modesty is, thus, a hedge mechanism.
False modesty is, thus, a hedging mechanism.
A false morel is a fungus
False morels are rounder and lower to the ground, and the ridges are more rounded, like brains.
False morels look most like the early black morel.
False morning teases the gullet of night, and no hunger is fed but numbness and rage.
False narrative is another apt description.
False negatives are all too easy to obtain, especially in processed foods.
False negatives are common in pregnancy tests taken during the early weeks.
False negatives are date problems that the analysis tools miss.
False negatives are more common in younger women than in older women.
False negatives are much more common.
False negatives are possible - and false positives sometimes happen as well.
False negatives are undesirable test outcomes as such individuals are missclassified.
False negatives are very common.
False negatives can also occur when the ventricular arrhythmia is due to triggered automaticity.
False negatives can lead to undetected heart disease.
False negatives can occur.
False negatives increase risk of the child's disablitiy becoming worse.
False negatives occur more often with younger women than with older women.
False negatives occur when mammograms appear normal even though breast cancer is actually present.
False negatives occur when no eggs have been shed into the sample presented.
False negatives occur when test results appear normal even though cancer is actually present.
False noise make it difficult to discern actual damage.
False notes are few and very far between.
False notification is an infraction.
Many false notions abound concerning angels, too.
False Parents are totally responsible for what and how much a child eats.
False paths lead to dead ends.
False People can learn new information and skills at any age.
False philosophy is why our world is so mixed-up today and in sin.
False pieties can gain no foothold.
False piety seems to rule the gossip driven memberships.
False positives are a function of instrument validity and the base rate of a phenomenon.
False positives are about one in a million.
False positives are almost non-existent.
False positives are an ever-present danger.
False positives are common.
False positives are costly for companies.
False positives are even more widespread.
False positives are more common in younger women than older women.
False positives are rare.
False positives are results that show coronary heart disease where none really exists.
False positives are undesirable test outcomes as such individuals are missclassified.
False positives are unusual.
False positives based on species specific bands are rare.
False positives can be more than just annoying.
False positives can lead to people undergoing unnecessary procedures.
False positives can lead to unnecessary procedures.
False positives can occur.
False positives can result with excessive uptake of tracer in benign thyroid disease.
False positives can sometimes be a problem, but it's always better to be safe than sorry.
False positives can stigmatize, heighten anxiety, and waste resources on children.
False positives do occur especially in heavily vaccinated cats.
False positives occur due to identification of mutations of no known significance.
False positives occur more frequently among minorities than among whites.
False positives occur when mammograms are read as abnormal, but no cancer is actually present.
False positives occur when test results are read as abnormal, but no cancer is actually present.
False positives occur with positive and due to test kit variations.
False positives occur with strongly alkaline urine.
False positives result from misinterpretations.
False positives result when a test falsely or incorrectly reports a positive result.
False positives run high.
False positives show that the radiologists are meticulous in their reading of mammograms.
More false positives occur in low risk groups.
Some false positives are attributable to substances such as asthma or allergy medications.
False praise is received as manipulation.
False preachers are at an all time high, young folks walking around with their head to the sky.
False preachers contradict themselves even within a given cult or ism.
False preachers look good on the outside, but their motives are selfish.
False pregnancies can occur in both young and older dogs and can recur with subsequent heat cycles.
False pregnancy is a condition
False premise creates a fallacious argument right from the start.
False premises lead to false conclusions no matter how clever the line of reasoning.
False pretense is a violation
False pretenses is a subset of burglary.
False principle destroys all credibility and wisdom.
All false principles have a secret but pestilent influence on life.
False promises made to get the vote, Such plans can never stay afloat.
False prophets are capable of showing signs and wonders.
False prophets are covetous of followers.
False prophets are from the world and they teach the world's viewpoint.
False prophets are particularly dangerous because they appear to be genuine.
False prophets are the opposite of prophets.
False prophets arise in every age.
False prophets bring true prophets into disrepute.
False prophets can have false dreams, from their own hearts.
False prophets come in peace, but have another agenda.
False prophets deceive people via the working of miracles.
False prophets love to take advantage of peoples fears to win followers for themselves.
False prophets pray and capture sign seekers.
False prophets roam the earth.
False prophets seek to exploit people through stories they have made up.
False prophets stress the bondage of environmental pollution.
False prophets tell people what they want to hear.
False prophets tolerate and even encourage sexual immorality - heterosexual and homosexual.
Some false prophets are deliberate liars who have no intention of telling the truth.
False proprietorship is the basic misconception our material lives are based on.
False puffballs are hard like rock or brittle.
All false puffballs are inedible , as they are tough and bitter to taste .
All false puffballs are inedible, as they are tough and bitter to taste.
False readings are very unlikely.
False readings mean bad tests, wasted chemicals, or equipment damage.
False receptivity is masked inertia.
False registration is the use of a visitor's permit by a student, faculty, or staff member.
Any false registration is subject to possible penalty.
False religion believes only what it want to.
False religion causes instability within relationships leading to war.
False religion emphasizes things.
False religion feeds the hunger for personal religious significance.
False religion is manifested in the synagogue a.
False religion is outward and carnal.
False religion is the inverse.
False religion is the same way.
False religion looks to and rests in what man has done.
False religion promotes false faith.
False religions seek their votaries among the rich and powerful.
False religions teach that humans can become gods.
All false religion falls into either Legalism or Antinomianism.
All false religion is at bottom egoistic.
Some false religions have personal gods.
False representation is plagiarism.
False research asks no questions and makes no pretense at advancing knowledge.
False responses can result in future loss of coverage, possibly retroactive to date of coverage.
False results are rare.
False results can occur from nonspecific reactions unless the tests are meticulously controlled.
False rhetoric falls easily.
False River enters the tournament in a deceiving situation.
False rumor declares that a bank customer died after licking a cyanide-coated deposit envelope.
False rumors abound about it being from the occult.
False salvations require false gods.
False scarcity gives no justification for government control of a resource.
False security can be as dangerous as no security.
False security is dangerous to family integrity.
False self is the root of self-sabotoge.
False selves are ever-vigilant and protective .
All false self merges into the true Self.
False set is an abnormally early stiffening that can be worked out by subsequent mixing.
False sharing is a potential problem in any cache based, shared memory multiprocessor system.
False sightings are another such claim, as are claims of alien identity.
False signals are common during sideways markets resulting in frequent losing trades.
False skylights simulate daylight, replacing standard fluorescent lighting.
False speech is a thing which is intentionally done.
False spider mites vector several virus and virus-like diseases of citrus and other crops.
False spirits look for men or women who have a captivating demeanor.
False starts are common.
False starts are possible.
False states occur whenever more than one bit has to change.
False statements are grounds for disqualification or immediate termination of employment.
False statements are subject to criminal prosecution.
False statements are subject to federal perjury and fraud penalties.
False statements cause a desire to communicates.
False statements have no place in the market place of free ideas, thoughts, and opinions.
Most false statements occur on loan applications, financial statements, and supporting documents.
False stereotypes abound on both sides, preventing genuine and helpful communication.
False subjects are extra words that only mask the true subject of a sentence.
False teachers are aggressive recruiters and can often be very convincing.
False teachers are contemptuous of authority.
False teachers are dreamers.
False teachers are hell s great enrichers.
False teachers are hell's greatest enrichers.
False teachers are nice in the lesser things of the law, and as negligent in the greater.
False teachers are Satanic in their deception.
False teachers are soul-destroyers.
False teachers are soul-undoers.
False teachers are unjust.
False teachers are unrepentant sinners .
False teachers Are workers of.
False teachers can disrupt and even destroy the church.
False teachers come and go.
False teachers live to gratify the natural man.
False teachers make careers out of spiritual babes.
False teachers make careers.
Many false teachers misrepresent their doctrine or their personal lives.
Most false teachers make careers.
False teaching can devastate the faith of believers.
False teaching is a part of Satan's strategy.
False teaching is also a part of Satan's strategy.
False teaching leads to false government.
False teaching occurs both in the church and in the world.
False teaching says sex is dirty.
False teachings are more difficult.
False Teachings Discuss the various cults and false teachings that abound today.
Every false teaching uses scripture to support itself.
Most false teaching involves half-truths.
False testimony is a sin.
False testimony is theft of another's credit, or of another's truth.
False thoughts are darkness.
False tolerance seeks to protect feelings, so that no one is disturbed.
False trails have two flour blobs and then three short, parallel dashes.
False trends can easily appear in data gathered under such varying circumstances.
False truffles are classified as fungi.
Most false truffles are classified as fungi.
False warnings cause unnecessary worry and confusion.
Most false whiskers look just like that . . .
False wisdom is fondness of falsehood, disguised under the appearance of truth.
A false witness is a liar
False witness comes in many forms, as the bible shows.
False witness consists of originating a false report.
False witness is a sin that comes from our hearts.
False words are often recursive, that is the meaning defines the word, the word defines the meaning.
False worship is a serious thing, a fearful sin, a hideous blasphemy.
False worship is also ignorant worship.
False worship is also often superstitious worship.
False worship is as tawdry and cheap as prostitution.
False worship is the ultimate expression of man's rebellion.
False worship is the worst form of oppression.
False worship leaves things out.
False worship takes what it is comfortable with, and leaves the rest.
False worshippers are the children of Cain.
False youth is the eternal agent of pseudo change against the present dull order.
Falsehood can never be the means for spreading truth.
Falsehood can tolerate falsehood.
Falsehood deprives man of hope.
Falsehood destroys fellowship in a marriage, a friendship and a community.
Falsehood has a perennial spring.
Falsehood has a truly sharp edge.
Falsehood has an infinity of combinations, but truth has only one mode of being.
Falsehood has no such integrity.
Falsehood have no place to hide anymore.
Falsehood is a statement
Falsehood is always complex, but truth has a simpler configuration.
Falsehood is cast aside and truth gains the upper hand.
Falsehood is denizened.
Falsehood is loved By many.
Falsehood is statements.
Falsehood is the marking down in words the agreement or disagreement of ideas otherwise than it is.
Falsehood is the opposite of truth, and is the result of clinging to the falsehood of individuality.
Falsehood is to speak contrary to facts.
Falsehood is truth.
Falsehood ruins fellowship.
Falsehood seems to be the truth, and days are confused with night.
Falsehood serves ultimately to establish truth, firmly.
Falsehood takes many forms.
Falsehoods abound in our environment.
Falsehoods are a part of human nature.
Falsehoods are lies.
Falsehoods are like wandering ghosts.
Falsehoods do damage, but the search for the truth goes on.
Falsehoods drive close to despair.
Any falsehoods are grounds for immediate rejection.
Many falsehoods surround alcoholism.
A falsetto is a register
Falsetto is a term used in singing.
Falsetto is high, thin and tinny sounding.
Falsifiable theories base on observations.
Most falsifiable theories base on observations.
Falsification can lead to criminal prosecution.
Falsification can lead to disqualification or dismissal.
Falsification destroys the credibility of the medical record and casts doubt on all other entries.
Falsification is a characteristic of the experimental design.
Falsification is a particular specialized aspect of hypothesis testing .
Falsification is determination.
Falsification is dishonesty.
Falsification is evidence
Falsification is to be avoided.
Falsification is wrongdoing.
Falsity implies anything .
Falsity implies anything.
Falsity is a state
Falsity is a wrong, distorted reflection.
Falsity is the result of loving what is evil.
Falsity throws the people's customs into disorder.
A fame is honor
Fame absolutely adores children and gets along with other dogs.
Fame appears on television.
Fame belongs to the great, the outstanding, the exceptional, without regard to their virtue or vice.
Fame can be a component in influence.
Fame can be a fierce creature, especially when it starts to fade.
Fame can be dangerous.
Fame can be very disturbing.
Fame can come from being born in a famous family or from achievement or accident.
Fame can come from many sources.
Fame can corrupt.
Fame can help, too.
Fame can hurt.
Fame can leap time zones rapidly.
Fame can screw up people's heads.
Fame carries a trumpet to herald the occasion.
Fame carries enormous prestige.
Fame changes people.
Fame comes and goes more quickly.
Fame comes from planning and persistence.
Fame comes with a price, again.
Fame comes with a price.
Fame does that to a lot of people.
Fame does, of course, have a powerful impact on the personal relationships of the celebrity.
Fame enhances the desire to hide feelings of deficiency.
Fame feeds on itself.
Fame has benefits, too.
Fame has no shame.
Fame has two search modes.
Fame is a bee.
Fame is a big deal in modern society.
Fame is a blessing and a curse.
Fame is a coincidence.
Fame is a difficult thing, especially in a time when so many people believe that fame is important.
Fame is a disease.
Fame is a double edged sword.
Fame is a double-edged gift.
Fame is a double-edged sword.
Fame is a faustian bargain.
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.
Fame is a fickle food Upon a shifting plate.
Fame is a fickle lady.
Fame is a four letter word.
Fame is a four-letter word.
Fame is a killer.
Fame is a nuclear explosion where dropping names is more important than dropping bombs.
Fame is a pain in the ass.
Fame is a pearl many dive for and only a few bring up.
Fame is a perverse deformity, an ego-swelling as ludicrous as an extra sex organ.
Fame is a powerful force, especially when it recasts purpose.
Fame is a rare legacy in the history of tools.
Fame is a recognition of some achievement by a significant number of people.
Fame is a relative concept.
Fame is a shuttlecock.
Fame is a spur.
Fame is a terrible master.
Fame is a vapor.
Fame is a very fickle thing.
Fame is a weird thing.
Fame is akin to celebrity, distinctiveness to uniqueness.
Fame is also subject to aging.
Fame is also the only attribute that can increase with experience.
Fame is also the reward of virtue.
Fame is always dangerous.
Fame is always destructive.
Fame is always the echo of deeds.
Fame is an acid test.
Fame is an elusive quality.
Fame is an embalmer trembling with stage fright.
Fame is an ornament to hang around the neck.
Fame is at best a mixed blessing and is utterly empty anyway.
Fame is based in community and grounded in time.
Fame is better than notoriety but notoriety is preferable to lack of attention.
Fame is better than notoriety, but notoriety is preferable to lack of attention.
Fame is but a fruit tree So very unsound.
Fame is but a fruit tree,so very unsound.
Fame is certainly an aid to charisma.
Fame is conviction.
Fame is deeply attractive because it seems to offer very significant benefits.
Fame is different than success.
Fame is dope.
Fame is elusive in the Midwest.
Fame is expended in quantity equal to the number of spaces moved.
Fame is great, power is great, money is great.
Fame is harsh.
Fame is important.
Fame is in the desert no more.
Fame is just a mouse click away.
Fame is just silly.
Fame is like a predestined thing.
Fame is like the girl with the biggest tits, the homeless man who saved a girl from a fire.
Fame is Man given, be thankful.
Fame is man-given, be grateful.
Fame is man-given, be thankful.
Fame is man-given.
Fame is morally neutral.
Fame is more enduring than life.
Fame is nice too.
Fame is nice, but artistic freedom has greater rewards.
Fame is one thing.
Fame is overrated.
Fame is profitable.
Fame is profoundly cautious.
Fame is proof that people are gullible.
Fame is something more like spiritual triumph, the flourishing of the soul.
Fame is something that is relative.
Fame is something that our society covets greatly.
Fame is tedious.
Fame is the beginning of disgrace.
Fame is the best starting place for basic financial data on specific UK companies.
Fame is the biggest tragedy to the nafs.
Fame is the crucial variable here.
Fame is the only attribute that can be increased by experience.
Fame is the past itself.
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Fame is the scentless sunflower With gaudy crown of gold.
Fame is the spur that the clear spirit doth raise . . . To scorn delights and live laborious days.
Fame is the state of being widely known or recognised, a celebrity.
Fame is the story of how people view their world.
Fame is the sum of the misunderstanding that gathers about a new name.
Fame is their most important goal.
Fame is too seductive.
Fame is transitory.
Fame is truly an odd beast.
Fame is vapor, popularity an accident, riches take wing, and only character endures.
Fame is what great brands aspire to.
Fame is widespread.
Fame is, after all, one of the greatest aphrodisiacs.
Fame is, well, fleeting.
Fame lasts for no one.
Fame looks like a relic of past rebelliousness.
Fame means never having to hear the word no.
Fame means nothing.
Fame motivates the talented and draws like-minded fans together.
Fame needs help, the baraka, that is luck.
Fame needs to be grabbed while it is available and the most dangerous thing is to have a biographer.
Fame never lessens but always magnifies a fact.
Fame pervades, it leaks out.
Fame requires sacrifices.
Fame seduces speakers into believing their own press releases.
Fame seems like a good word, but it actually is a four letter word.
Fame starts small and then snowballs onto itself.
Fame therefore is an unsubstantial and delusive pursuit.
Fame travels that way.
Fames are albums.
Fames are bands.
Fames are honor.
Fames are musicals.
Fames are proof.
Fames improve logical and strategic thinking, memorization and concentration abilities.
Fame often follows tragedy, especially when the victim is cut down in the prime of life.
Fame often serves as an addiction and as a drug.
Famiily practitioners have special training in dealing with the common problems faced by families.
Familial abuse is common all over the world.
Familial actions range from acceptance to enforced treatment to family expulsion.
Familial amyloid is the only type of amyloidosis that is inherited.
Familial cases are most desired but all cases are welcome.
Familial cases are rare.
Familial cases have an earlier onset and longer duration than sporadic.
Familial cases tend to be younger.
Most familial cases are presenile.
Familial clustering is common.
Familial conflict is a result of trade-offs as a function of lifetime parental investment .
Familial connections give a sense of affirmation that is irreplaceable.
Familial diseases are rare.
Familial duties are paradigms of special duties.
Familial evidence indicate that essential tremor is an inherited disease.
Familial factors are manifold.
Familial forms follow autosomal dominant, recessive and X-linked modes of inheritance.
Familial glycosuria is a benign disease that has an excellent prognosis and requires no treatment.
Familial history is also a significant factor.
Familial hypercholesterolemia is a disease
Familial hypercholesterolemia is a symptom
Familial hypercholesterolemia is an autosomal dominant disorder.
Familial hypercholesterolemia is one such disease.
Familial hypercholesterolemia is recognizable in childhood.
Familial incidence is low.
Familial inheritance occurs, but classic mendelian inheritance is rare.
Familial occurrence is rare.
Familial polyps are one type of colon cancer with strong heredity patterns.
Familial poverty jeopardizes the mental health of native-born children.
Familial relations are central to their lives.
Familial relations is another type, and so on.
Familial sarcoidosis is extremely rare.
Familial sarcoidosis is linked to the major histocompatibility complex region .
Familial status is one such class.
Familial status is protected in housing and credit.
Familial types have higher incidence of multifocal lesions.
Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
Familiar actors flub their lines and pretend they ve adapted some new dynamism.
Some familiar algorithms appear, as well as some new ones.
Familiar animals form icons children can associate with different regions.
Familiar animals occurring in the medusa body form include jellyfish.
Familiar animals occurring in the polyp form include sea anemones, hydras, and corals.
Many familiar animals have four legs.
Familiar appearance attracts customers.
Familiar areas make people feel secure about trying something new.
Familiar beetles are known by various names including fireflies, ladybugs, june bugs, and weevils.
Familiar brands give consumers familiarity and comfort in the new online world.
Familiar characters are rare and hard to find.
Familiar classics come alive with Victoria's original arrangements for the harp.
Familiar components are also easier to maintain and troubleshoot.
Familiar conifers have needle-like leaves and woody cones.
Familiar containers help students identify common liquid capacities.
Familiar crustaceans are crayfish in freshwater, and shrimp and lobster in saltwater.
Familiar dualisms are empty and unhelpful.
Familiar elements dominate.
Familiar entrees appear in arresting fashion.
Familiar environments allow children to focus on targeted learning.
Familiar examples are cattails, bulrushes, and saltmarsh cordgrass.
Familiar examples are the electrocardiogram, electromyogram,etc.
Familiar examples are topological maps and temperature regions on a weather map.
Familiar examples reinforce learning for all participants and make material more relevant.
Some familiar examples are numerical integration, matrix operations, and payroll computation.
Some familiar examples are Rickettsia prowazeki which causes typhus fever.
Some familiar examples are the barbiturates, the amphetamines, and the so-called tranquilizers.
Familiar faces are few.
Familiar faces become names, names become people, and people become family.
Familiar faces come round time and again.
Familiar faces dot the crowd.
Familiar faces emerge from the cabs.
Familiar faces glow with a strange radiance by firelight.
Familiar figures amble by.
Familiar flavors can help make unfamiliar foods easier to try.
Familiar fluids range in viscosity.
Familiar foes meet again .
Familiar fonts are best.
Familiar foods are important.
Familiar foods can lift morale and give a feeling of security in time of stress.
Familiar foods trigger a memory.
Many familiar foods make a vegetarian meal.
Familiar forms develop exaggerations.
Most familiar functions are square-integrable .
Familiar ground is always a comforting place to be.
Familiar icons are shortcut tools for functions like add, edit, delete, find, and help.
Familiar icons support the operation of the instrument.
Familiar items help students understand symmetry and transformational geometry.
Many familiar items are heterogeneous mixtures.
More familiar items get first-rate treatment, as well.
Familiar journeys are shorter.
Familiar knowledge is knowledge of common things.
Familiar landmarks can correct for cumulative error in the inertially based dead-reckoning system.
Familiar language takes the edge off the technology's daunting geekiness.
Familiar layouts encourage readers to stay longer at a site.
Familiar lift is gone, vanished, defeated.
Familiar locales are well-observed and minor characters especially pungent.
Most familiar materials are mixtures of various substances.
Familiar melodies float amongst stilted electro-patterns while the beats oscillate.
Many familiar names are present.
Many familiar names have sites that offer product reviews, comparisons, and evaluations.
Some familiar names lead the bestseller lists.
All familiar nouns have a default assignment by convention.
Familiar objects can stimulate ideas and emotions that are part of the artist's vision.
Every familiar object is changed and dwarfed.
Familiar ones are the loblolly, slash pine, long and shortleaf pine, and others.
Familiar patterns die hard.
Familiar pets are no insurance against attack.
Familiar premise has numerous laughs and legit roundball action.
Familiar processes are comfortable.
Most familiar processes treat suggestions as proposals.
Familiar programs repeat thousands of elementary steps millions of times.
Familiar reality can come in myriad shapes and faces.
More familiar seafoods are popular on Mexican tables.
Familiar sequences are often characteristic of predictable books.
Familiar sites bring many memories to mind.
Familiar sites take on altered appearances once the sun has set.
Familiar size is itself a distance cue.
Familiar smells can conjure up very vivid memories of our childhood or other nostalgic moments.
Familiar songs are incredibly important to learning.
Familiar songs do seem to make the time go by faster.
Most familiar species tend to be jellyfish, sea anemones, and freshwater hydra.
Familiar symbols are also likely to be retained.
Familiar tasks become overlooked or forgotten.
Many familiar terms mean very different things to different people.
Familiar territory is less intimidating.
Familiar Territory Touch the waist.
Familiar text is a linear sequence of parts.
Familiar things seen at greater distances are smaller than they appear close up.
Familiar things take on fresh life as their origins are uncovered.
Familiar topic helps rivet students' interest in ethical questions.
Some familiar varieties are fennel, rosemary, lavender, carraway and dill.
Familiar voices describe letter sounds in a clear distinctive manner.
Familiar words acquire different meanings.
Familiar work habits no longer work.
A familiar is spirit
Familiars are servants.
Familiars are spirit.
Familiars offer help, companionship, protection, and usually unconditional love as well.
Familiars usually stay with their shaman until death, then disappear.
All familiars have spells they can cast.
Familiarity affects the assessment of facial signals in free-ranging rhesus macaques.
Familiarity also breeds expertise.
Familiarity also plays a part because familiar risks and surroundings diminish outrage.
Familiarity also plays a role in the decision-making process.
Familiarity apparently does breed contempt.
Familiarity applies to the species, the trait, and cultivation practices.
Familiarity becomes a necessary condition of accurate representation.
Familiarity becomes identity .
Familiarity breeds attractiveness.
Familiarity breeds charity.
Familiarity breeds children.
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
Familiarity breeds contempt and some fans started giving a bit of career advice.
Familiarity breeds contempt and too much gruesomeness becomes funny.
Familiarity breeds contentment for toddlers.
Familiarity breeds funk.
Familiarity breeds repetition.
Familiarity breeds response.
Familiarity breeds the perception of quality.
Familiarity brings a comfort level to shows.
Familiarity brings a degree of ease and comfort.
Familiarity builds confidence and confidence builds sales.
Familiarity builds confidence.
Familiarity can also increase a young female's chance of breeding successfully.
Familiarity can be a barrier to a professional interview.
Familiarity can be deceptive.
Familiarity can breed lazy, limited faith.
Familiarity can breed stupidity.
Familiarity can impede recognition.
Familiarity can lead to indifference, and worse still, indifference can lead to erosion.
Familiarity carries with it a certain amount of peace and contentment.
Familiarity comes quickly, fortunately, with a couple of days of practise.
Familiarity definitely breeds contempt.
Familiarity destroys fantasy and mystery, so people have to work at making things interesting.
Familiarity develops versatility.
Familiarity dissipates eroticism.
Familiarity does breed contempt, sometimes.
Familiarity does breed contempt.
Familiarity does breed tolerance.
Familiarity easily allows the user to assimilate the tool into clinical work patterns.
Familiarity encourages a more casual business atmosphere.
Familiarity gives a palatable gloss to the case material.
Familiarity guarantees a crowd.
Familiarity happens on a lot of levels.
Familiarity has nothing to do with it.
Familiarity has to be one of the most compelling arguments.
Familiarity increases the comfort level.
Familiarity indexes the extent to which imported specialized goods enhance learning productivity.
Familiarity involves connectedness.
Familiarity is a big one.
Familiarity is a big thing for an opposing team.
Familiarity is a good thing.
Familiarity is a great ally.
Familiarity is a problem today.
Familiarity is all that is required, however.
Familiarity is also important.
Familiarity is an anchor when storms of anxiety threaten.
Familiarity is assumed with stochastic analysis and parabolic partial differential equations.
Familiarity is comforting.
Familiarity is critical in developing readership.
Familiarity is everything.
Familiarity is important at a venue where the pitchers have been treated harshly.
Familiarity is important.
Familiarity is information
Familiarity is key.
Familiarity is nice, but there is something appealing about flying without instruments.
Familiarity is no reason to pull the trigger on a trade.
Familiarity is one of the key factors driving a customer s selection process.
Familiarity is one of the most important concepts there is underpinning the value of a brand name.
Familiarity is one reason behind the claim.
Familiarity is perhaps the biggest generator of loyalty.
Familiarity is similary related.
Familiarity is still a factor.
Familiarity is the best weapon with which to gauge what is necessary.
Familiarity is the death of fascination.
Familiarity is the first essential component of an effective endorser.
Familiarity is the great enemy of every feeling of holiness and elevation.
Familiarity is the key to acceptance.
Familiarity is the key to good worship participation.
Familiarity is the key word here.
Familiarity is the key.
Familiarity is unrelated to any characteristic about that food, such as smell or taste or texture.
Familiarity is what leads to habits.
Familiarity keeps the reader of technical documents focused.
Familiarity leads to attraction.
Familiarity lends itself to people going back to a product.
Familiarity likes comfort.
Familiarity makes it easier for the show manager and the exhibitor.
Familiarity makes it easier to notice any changes in the breast from one month to another.
Familiarity makes it easier to notice any changes in the breasts from one month to another.
Familiarity overcomes the fear and suspicion usually directed at strange and unknown entities.
Familiarity plays a key role in a great many aspects of music and trumpet playing.
Familiarity plays a part, too.
Familiarity produces calmness.
Familiarity produces the same results.
Familiarity puts a church to sleep.
Familiarity saves Where the Heart Is from sinking any further.
Familiarity seems to have bred some contempt.
Familiarity then reduces activity.
Familiarity truly breeds contempt here.
Familiarity truly breeds contempt.
Familiarity using the different configuration modes available on the Cisco router is required.
Familiarity varies from case to case.
Familiarity often shortens the length of therapy and increases it's effectiveness.
Familiarity sometimes breeds contempt.
Families values are the foundation of society.
Family actions account for half the civil legal aid budget.
Family affairs continue to have ups and downs.
Family affairs dominate.
Family affairs run smoothly.
Family albums depict the scenes and the happiness they shared.
Family albums go high-tech as intergenerational teams produce the virtual family legacy.
Family albums have a habit of growing as the years go by.
Family allowances are limited to unemployed single mothers with young children.
Family annihilations are almost never spontaneous, academics say.
Family bibles are a good source.
Family bibles can provide a wealth of information.
Family blood is thick with conservative politics.
Family bonds are important to behavioral development.
Family bonds are profound.
Family bonds are very strong in Asia.
Family bonds are very strong, being deeply rooted in their Aboriginal tradition.
Family bonds can be so strong under certain circumstances that outside people are irrelevant.
Family bonds can weaken when members move away.
Family bonds exert an enormous influence.
Family books make wonderful gifts at reunions or holiday time.
Family business can stay in the family.
Family business is a corporation
Family business is a unique environment where blood, money and power are mixed together.
Family business is also the center of all businesses.
Family business is in electrical distribution.
Family business is much more difficult to manage because relationships get in the way.
Family business is the heart of American commerce.
Family business is the original oxymoron.
Family businesses are also successful.
Family businesses are an extremely vital sector of the U.S. economy.
Family businesses are creatures of entrepreneurs.
Family businesses are difficult to operate.
Family businesses are in no danger of evaporating.
Family businesses are like families.
Family businesses are quite complex.
Family businesses are really particular.
Family businesses are the heart and soul of our local communities.
Family businesses are the heart of the American business economy.
Family businesses are tough to value.
Family businesses are truly very big business.
Family businesses are very vital to the economy.
Family businesses can be either growth investments or income investments.
Family businesses can be wonderful.
Family businesses can have an enormous amount of complications.
Family businesses considering membership are welcome as our special guests.
Family businesses considering membership are welcome as special guests.
Family businesses dominate some of the largest sectors of the Canadian economy.
Family businesses employ more than half of the national workforce.
Family businesses face issues and challenges unique to their composition.
Family businesses generate about half the gross national product and half of the total wages paid.
Family businesses have a different relationship.
Family businesses have a distinct capability to provide synergy.
Family businesses have an active board of directors that includes nonfamily members.
Family businesses play a crucial and often under appreciated role in the local economy.
Family businesses play a pivotal role in our economy.
Family businesses provide leadership for our communities, particularly in rural areas.
Family businesses represent a significant proportion of the world economy.
Family businesses survive and prosper when they follow the same rules as a nonfamily business.
Family businesses tend to find it difficult to attract top drawer managerial talent.
Family businesses tend to operate from relationship consciousness.
All family business headquartered in Washington are eligible, except for prior winners.
All family businesses are eligible with the exception of prior winners.
All family businesses are eligible, with the exception of prior winners.
All family businesses face predictable and manageable obstacles.
Many family businesses have to fold because of the tax burden.
Most family businesses pay few dividends, and liquidity is hard to achieve.
Most family businesses pay little or no annual dividends or distributions.
Some family businesses find qualified plans to be too costly or too cumbersome to sponsor.
Family caps are genocidal measures being pushed by the ruling class.
Family caps deny additional payments for children born to women who are already receiving welfare.
Family cars are big break-in targets.
Family caregivers are among our state's most important resources.
Family caregivers are the bedrock of our national health care system.
Family caregivers are the nation's invisible health care system.
Family caregivers are the underpinnings of our healthcare system.
Family caregivers are under house arrest.
Family caregivers are under tremendous strain.
Family caregivers assume many different roles in different settings.
Family caregivers can experiment with encouraging more independence.
Family caregivers can learn strategies from books, videos, professionals and other caregivers.
Family caregivers can provide compelling stories of their daily struggle in caring for a loved one.
Family caregivers embody the finest of American values.
Family caregivers face a chronic shortage of resources.
Family caregivers focus on their loved one's needs.
Family caregivers have to cope with many confusing and frustrating inconsistencies.
Family caregivers provide a tremendous amount of long-term care services.
Family caregivers provide the bulk of home care already.
Family caregivers provide the vast majority of care needed by frail elderly in the state.
Family caregivers receive education, counseling, and support.
Family caregivers receive support and encouragement from our capable RNs and aides.
Family caregivers shoulder an increased burden in the advanced stages of the disease.
Family caregivers suffer from more stress than the general population.
Family caregivers tends to be invisible and their contributions minimized or ignored.
Most family caregivers are women, many of whom work and have children at home.
Family centers can fill the role of a sympathetic neighbor.
Family centers coordinate volunteer programs and sponsor family life education programs.
A family circle is an area
Family circle Keeping money in the family can complicate tax.
Family circles shrink.
Family communication becomes more challenging with stressful days and busy schedules.
Family communication is an absolute necessity.
Family communication is an introduction to the communication phenomena in the setting of the family.
Family communication is high context, but stranger communication is low context.
Family companies have no such constraint.
Family content includes behavioral and culturally specific themes.
Family cookbooks are the best for ease of preparation and low cost.
Family cookbooks make great presents for friends and family members.
Family councils are effective tools for starting and maintaining a dialogue between family members.
Family counsels are a fun way to teach responsibility.
Family counsels are a wonderful way to accomplish family planning.
Family counseling can help everyone in the family.
Family counseling can provide education and support.
Family counseling can repair communications and help restore normal interaction.
Family counseling is a great resource for everyone.
Family counseling is also available for the parents of the youth.
Family counseling is also one of their services.
Family counseling is available for all patients having echo-cardiography.
Family counseling is available on an outpatient basis.
Family counseling is available.
Family counseling is effective in strengthening families.
Family counseling is held first by phone and then in person.
Family counseling is provided if needed or requested.
Family counseling is provided in conjunction with placement.
Family counseling is provided to families on a scheduled basis.
Family counseling is really great for reducing stress on everyone.
A family court is a court
Family court handles cases where parties seek court intervention to solve their family issues.
Family court handles divorce, separation, and other family problems.
Family court has jurisdiction over domestic and juvenile cases.
Family court is one of the most significant developments in our court system's history.
Family courts are courts.
Family courts are prime examples of where parties frequently appear on their own behalf.
Family courts claim immunity from the Constitution and from scrutiny by federal courts.
Family courts provide a more consistent, efficient use of trial court resources.
Family courts tend to hand down custody and child support decisions in a punitive manner.
Family day is always fun and the boys eagerly participate in the various sporting events.
Family deity is worshipped and blessings are showered on young ones.
Family dinners are important.
Family dinners offer a natural forum that fosters togetherness.
Family divisions are for convenience.
A family doctor is a doctor
Family doctors are general practitioners.
Family doctors are in a unique position to promote breastfeeding.
Family doctors are responsible for treating the majority of hypertensive patients.
Family doctors are scarce, as medical professionals flee to the United States for higher salaries.
Family doctors are the gate-keepers.
Family doctors can care for all members of a family.
Family doctors can provide a referral to a specialist when necessary.
Family doctors can share test results while they confer with specialists in other cities.
Family doctors diagnose and treat the majority of common illnesses and injuries.
Family doctors ensure continuity and comprehensiveness of care.
Family doctors help care.
Family doctors hold clinics twice weekly.
Family doctors know it.
Family doctors remain among Canada's most valuable assets.
Family doctors require on average a three-year residency in family practice.
Family doctors witness the increasing poverty in our country.
Family doctors work for and are accountable to their patients.
Every family doctor has similar stories to tell.
Most family doctors are quite used to dealing with emotional problems.
Most family doctors help care.
Some family doctors deliver babies.
Family dogs enjoy holiday weekend family outings.
Family dogs live longer, healthier and happier lives.
Some family dogs make very good protectors with the right kind of training.
Family dysfunction is an equally important predictor of delinquency.
Many family dysfunctions start out as minor problems which get out of hand.
Family enterprises offer unique opportunities to either strengthen or sever the ties that bind.
Family entertainment abounds with several waterparks, amusement parks, mini golf courses and more.
Family entertainment is also available for online purchase.
Family entertainment is centered around two programs.
Family entertainment is clearly an emerging trend.
Family entertainment is in the parish hall.
Family entertainment is one of the fastest growing global industries today.
Family entertainment is the operative phrase.
Family fares are available on weekends and selected holidays.
Family farms are a dying species.
Family farms are generally much more humanely and sustainably run.
Family farms are in dire straits.
Family farms are nursery of moral character.
Family farms are practically museum pieces today, but schools still give students a summer break.
Family farms are the backbone of America and Montana.
Family farms are the heartbeat of America.
Family farms are unlike any other businesses.
Family farms boast vibrant and colorful vegetable and herb gardens.
Family farms disappear first, the churches follow.
Family farms feed our Nation.
Family farms go broke, no one's paying taxes or purchasing goods or services.
Family farms remain the dominant and most successful type of food producer in Canada.
Many family farms are partnerships of more than three people.
Most family farms are subsistence, but also surplus crops for cash.
Family farmers appreciate more fully the frailty of life as it relates to their livelihood.
Family farmers are almost as unlikely to feel the estate-tax pinch.
Family farmers are by statute permitted to manage their businesses on a cash basis.
Family farmers are front-line victims of corporate globalization.
Family farmers are mad.
Family farmers are outraged.
Family farmers benefit with an added source of income.
Family farmers don t have a speck of job security.
Family farmers face a tough battle on a global playing field of biotechnology and corporate clout.
Family farmers face pressing economic and environmental problems.
Family farmers grow vegetables.
Family farmers have a passion for preserving the environment, producing a high quality, safe food.
Family farmers have much to lose and little to gain from gene manipulation.
Family farmers have to unify and bring prices back to profitable levels.
Family farmers produce lettuce seeds.
Family farmers produce seeds.
Family farmers sell their products directly to consumers through various avenues.
Family farmers weep.
Family farmers work hard and pay taxes throughout their lives.
Many family farmers are rich with a lot of things, but they are cash poor.
Most family farmers grow vegetables.
Most family farmers produce lettuce seeds.
Most family farmers produce seeds.
Some family farmers grow coffee.
Some family farmers grow shade coffee.
Family farming gives Iowa a certain sense of uniqueness, and hopefully pride.
Family farming is now under pressure.
Family farming needs new allies if it is to have a future.
Family feuds are more common then any form of crime.
Family feuds happen outside the ring.
Family feuds lead to stronger relationships.
Family fights can be the worst of all.
Family films are at their best when they entertain the whole family.
Family folklore can be a rich learning experience.
Family folklore is indestructible.
Family folklore retells blowout college parties from the past.
Family folklore says the family came from the Western isles.
Family friends are a necessity at an engagement party, as they're part of our extended family.
Family friends are important too.
Family fun can build closeness.
Family fun includes outdoor experiences of canoeing, swimming, camping, hiking and fishing.
Family fun includes theme parks, water slides, zoos, wildlife parks and aquariums.
Family fun is the focus of summer and winter festivals.
Family fun is what they have achieved.
Family games are an entertaining way to interact with each other.
Family games are great to have around in a holiday season.
Family gatherings are also nice.
Family gatherings are particularly difficult.
Family gatherings are smaller today.
Family gatherings are social activities, times to come together to enjoy one another's good company.
Any family gathering is a good time for a mouth-watering turkey.
Every family gathering becomes a potential source of information.
Some family gatherings are larger than the average.
Family group ride through quiet residential streets and ravine paths of West-end Toronto.
Family groups are also roommates.
Family groups are most welcome at all times.
Family groups are small, random groups of people.
Family groups are stable members maintaining strong bonds over many years.
Family groups are strongly territorial.
Family groups are territorial, similar to other African suids.
Family groups are welcome on day trips.
Family groups are welcome.
Family groups associate into big herd with hundred individuals, who find food together.
Family groups can join together to form a herd that moves together.
Family groups can participate in wilderness trips.
Family groups consist of an adult male, an adult female, and their young.
Family groups consist of an old male and several females and their young.
Family groups consist of mothers, daughters, sisters and immature males.
Family groups consist of two adults, several two year olds and the young of the current year.
Family groups focus on the losses family members experience and effective coping skills.
Family groups huddle together to sleep and intertwine their tails.
Family groups live in a firm territory .
Family groups live in a firm territory.
Family groups live in modern, purpose-built flats which are airy and spacious.
Family groups live in walled compounds containing a number of living areas and a family temple.
Family groups lounge around on mats and mattresses in the cool moist shade amongst greenery.
Family groups meet at one of our area sites.
Family groups meet every day.
Family groups meet on a weekly basis at various places.
Family groups pay less.
Family groups remain intact for about a year.
Family groups remain together during summer and early fall.
Family groups remain together throughout the fall migration and winter.
Family groups roost together.
Family groups serve as a special bonding element in our community building at the school.
Family groups think so.
Family groups welcome.
Family groups yelping in unison can create the illusion of a dozen or more performing together.
Some family groups drive their cars, while others hire a taxi.
Some family groups drive their cars, while yet others hire a taxi.
Family health is delicate.
Family heritage is a true treasure.
Family heritage is so important.
Family historians are always excited to find an ancestor's name in the index of a book.
Family historians are on a constant quest for knowledge.
Family historians can learn about the local world in which their forebears lived and worked.
Family historians know the phenomenon well.
Family historians spend valuable time trying to learn the address of some place.
Any family historian can verify that.
Every family historian knows about the family diseases.
Many family historians create their own Web pages.
Many family historians seek images of the ships that brought their ancestors to Australasia.
Most family historians view copies.
Most family historians wait until it's too late before interviewing relatives.
Family histories are acceptable.
Family histories are also very important.
Family histories are part of the database.
Family histories can overlap.
Family histories show a recurrence of depression from generation to generation.
Family history appears to play a part in a person's development of allergies.
Family history can be a stressful topic.
Family history can help families heal old wounds.
Family history can provide students of all ages with a personal connection to America's history.
Family history counts.
Family history does make a difference.
Family history does mean slightly increased risk.
Family history fills out the genealogy.
Family History Find relativces or people who can help with family history.
Family history includes father, mother, siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc.
Family history indicates that the Christian family originated on the Isle of Man.
Family history is a consistent risk factor.
Family history is a critical factor in whether one is likely to develop colorectal cancer.
Family history is a diagnostic key.
Family history is a factor, with strong evidence of genetic inheritance.
Family history is a risk factor.
Family history is a significant factor in the incidence of both diseases.
Family history is a strong consideration when determining cancer risk.
Family history is a strong predictor of breast cancer.
Family history is a wonderful mender of old grudges too.
Family history is also a contributing factor.
Family history is also an important risk factor for cancer.
Family history is also important in the development of colon cancer.
Family history is also very important.
Family history is an extremely important risk factor.
Family history is an important factor in the development of many diseases.
Family history is an important risk factor.
Family history is an interesting way to enrich students' understanding of immigration.
Family history is another risk factor.
Family history is another.
Family history is benign.
Family history is case history
Family history is case history.
Family history is considered to be one of the important factors in the development of many diseases.
Family history is considered with high priority in all risk factor discussions.
Family history is easy to do, and plenty of fun.
Family history is far from being a boring collection of names and dates.
Family history is frequently positive for a similar type of spondyloarthropathy.
Family history is full of joys and sorrows.
Family history is fun and the Internet makes it so easy to get started.
Family history is helpful in making the diagnosis.
Family history is highly suggestive.
Family history is important in diagnosis.
Family history is important.
Family history is like the web, uncontrollabele and free.
Family history is loaded with affective, including bipolar, disorders.
Family history is more than birth, marriage and death dates.
Family history is much more than a set of names and dates.
Family history is negative for colon cancer.
Family history is negative for diabetes, positive for hypertension in paternal grandfather.
Family history is negative for neuromuscular disease.
Family history is noncontributory.
Family history is of paramount importance in making the diagnosis.
Family history is often the building block to understanding local history.
Family history is on file there.
Family history is one important factor.
Family history is one of Britain's fastest growing hobbies.
Family history is one of the most significant risk factors for colorectal cancer.
Family history is one of the most significant risk factors.
Family history is only one risk factor.
Family history is part of medical history.
Family history is personal and genealogy is general.
Family history is positive for allergies and attentional problems.
Family history is positive for heart disease and diabetes.
Family history is positive for prostate cancer and gastric cancer.
Family history is positive for seizures in a paternal uncle.
Family history is pretty important.
Family history is revealed.
Family history is significant for some type of anemia.
Family history is so important.
Family history is something that is in each student's history.
Family history is sometimes positive for mood disorders.
Family history is the biggest risk factor, and the biggest predictor of osteoporosis, experts say.
Family history is the expansive expression of eternal love.
Family history is the most significant risk factor for ovarian cancer.
Family history is the primary indicator of an inherited risk for cancer.
Family history is the principal identified risk factor.
Family history is the study of history from a personalized perspective.
Family history is unremarkable.
Family history is very important in jaundice.
Family history is very important.
Family history meets modern technology and the marriage is a beautiful one.
Family history plays a big part in the diagnostic process.
Family history plays a part as does one s own feelings about oneself and the world.
Family history plays little, if any, part in who gets the disease.
Family history provides roots - a sense of belonging.
Family history remains extremely important in assessing whether a cancer appears hereditary.
Family history says b.
Family history seems to be a factor in the strength of the patient's immune system.
Family history seems to dominate the beginning of the week.
Family history shows no teeth problems.
Family history shows reduced males in the pedigree.
Family history shows up in the strangest places.
Family history spills over into social history.
Family history supplies a foundation for children's lives.
Family history tests a friendship.
All family history is rendered retrospectively.
Many family histories are available at the society.
Many family histories are in the collection.
Much family history is kept active through the use of the clan system.
Family homelessness is usually the end state of a tragic series of events.
Family honor is of utmost importance.
Family hour is an hour set aside for the parents to be with their children.
Family income affects child-rearing costs.
Family income can fluctuate widely form month to month.
Family income correlates with lead exposure in children.
Family income excludes one-person households and is therefore higher.
Family income includes student AND parents income.
Family income includes wages and all other types of income.
Family income is also a factor in determining eligibility.
Family income is based on health insurance unit.
Family income is considered.
Family income is derived primarily from personal earnings.
Family income is documented only at the time of enrollment in the program.
Family income is down.
Family income is key to children's involvement in sport.
Family income is one key factor in determining eligibility.
Family income is only one of the factors used in awarding aid.
Family income is used to determine monthly parental fees.
Family income is usually above average.
Family income refers to sum of the total incomes of all members of that family.
Family income seems to be a factor significant to increased loneliness.
Family incomes are too low to feed the children.
Family law deprives mothers of financial equality in marriage.
Family law dictates whom one can marry and sets forth minimum ages for marriage.
Family law gives women inferior status in property, inheritance rights, and divorce.
Family law gives women inferior status in property, inheritance, and divorce rights.
Family law is a body of law that changes frequently.
Family law is a field that traditional legal lexicography has somewhat ignored over the years.
Family law is a socio-legal course.
Family law is also highly recommended.
Family law is an area of joint federal provincial-territorial responsibility.
Family law is another area where activists have called for reform.
Family law is another highly specialized branch of business valuation.
Family law is as much a specialty as any other.
Family law is destined always to be a rapidly changing area of the law.
Family law is for individual member states to decide.
Family law is important for women as it regulates divorce, custody, and financial settlements.
Family law is one of the subjects on the bar exam.
Family law is the name given to a variety of situations, including the following.
Family laws have to change to ensure gender equality, rights activists say.
Family leaders organize the morning meeting, where they plan daily business.
Family leave is also available.
Family life appears to be insignificant.
Family life can be a window to eternity.
Family life can become more pleasurable for everyone.
Family life can differ in Honduras as well.
Family life can extend beyond the walls of a home with a skillfully planned and executed landscape.
Family life can produce anxiety, tension and disagreement.
Family life comes first now.
Family life goes on, in the absence of abusive males.
Family life goes on, with or without house guests.
Family life goes through many adjustments when a member starts dialysis.
Family life has enormous power in people's lives.
Family life has plenty of high and low moments.
Family life is a clear display of one's character.
Family life is a dance of compromise.
Family life is a great adventure.
Family life is a great concern to our staff.
Family life is a natural fusion of religion, myth, law and culture.
Family life is a wonderful laboratory of trial and error, growth and setback.
Family life is about creating memories together.
Family life is also a strong cord within the Tibetan culture.
Family life is an intermingling of blessings and burdens.
Family life is as important to a child's education as is school life.
Family life is as relevant as the welfare of the company.
Family life is based on love, respect, trust, support, and on spending time together.
Family life is better than most any other thing going on in the universe.
Family life is celebrated.
Family life is centered on the inner courtyard.
Family life is chaotic, a nightmare.
Family life is characterized by chaos and unpredictability.
Family life is complex.
Family life is different.
Family life is disrupted and parents feel they have failed.
Family life is divided-there is lack of harmony and reconciliation.
Family life is emphasized.
Family life is essential for our well-being.
Family life is essential.
Family life is far from ideal.
Family life is featured here too, as both teens cope with single parents.
Family life is fine.
Family life is full of that in many ways.
Family life is full of transitions.
Family life is good.
Family life is happy and contented.
Family life is hard enough nowadays, they said, without their being criticized.
Family life is impacted by the demand for, use of, and access to current and emerging technologies.
Family life is important and appreciated by the program's faculty.
Family life is important in Liberia.
Family life is important to local residents.
Family life is important to residents of North Central Montana.
Family life is important.
Family life is improved, as teleworkers genuinely get to see more of their family.
Family life is in jeopardy today.
Family life is in the spotlight, either for fun or problem solving.
Family life is infinitely more than the attitudes or values one has about it.
Family life is messy.
Family life is more fragmented than the century before.
Family life is more than what can be learned from a television, a computer, or a telephone.
Family life is no less important or relevant to trans people than it is to any other person.
Family life is part of the sacramental life of the parish because matrimony is the basis of family.
Family life is patrilocal, which means that newlyweds live with the groom's parents.
Family life is really an intricate, demanding art form.
Family life is reduced to a minimum.
Family life is sacrificed.
Family life is still interesting.
Family life is strong and is based on kinship groups within village clans.
Family life is such a cauldron of emotions.
Family life is supported in myriad ways from health care to education to recreation.
Family life is the beginning of life in society.
Family life is the first experience a person has in under standing the meaning of commitment.
Family life is unbelievably stressful.
Family life is very important as is owning and building their own home.
Family life is very important in Egypt.
Family life is very important.
Family life is warm, cosy and affectionate.
Family life is weakened and children are harmed.
Family life is wild and woolly, wacky and wonderful.
Family life is wonderful.
Family life is, in fact, under stress.
Family life is, to a large degree, dislocated by increasing industrialization.
Family life keeps changing.
Family life means a great deal, and they have a keen sense of family history.
Family life mirrors the outside world for children.
Family life needs to be supported by other institutions and governments.
Family life plays a major role in both types of societies.
Family life provides high level of love and support.
Family life provides high levels of love and support.
Family life seems to suit the pair, who in their prime burned up the Hollywood grapevine.
Family life takes place in private around the inner courtyard.
Family life varies greatly and many factors influence the outcome for children.
All family life is organized around the most damaged person in it.
A family line is ancestry
Family lines list only the names of known descendants with birth and death dates.
Many family lines travel at least ten generations, and some for more than sixty generations.
Some family lines are just more prone to the whacky ovulation cycles that cause double yolks.
Family links are key Getting to the United States is tough for many immigrants.
Family links are links to the family tree pages.
Family links provide support but are also reasons for discord between partners.
Family literacy builds on family strengths.
Family literacy builds on the strengths and addresses the needs of parents and their children.
Family literacy can work, and does work, in some instances, with quality control.
Family literacy encompasses ways parents and children use literacy at home and in their community.
Family literacy involves a one- way transfer of skills from parents to children.
Family literacy involves, and works with, children and families of all ages, genders and races.
Family literacy is a powerful and innovative approach to education.
Family literacy is about improving skills of both children and their parents.
Family literacy is about rethinking the values and relevance of what is learned in school.
Family literacy is about whole-ness and connections and relationships and integration.
Family literacy is an excellent way to increase vitally important parental involvement.
Family literacy is promoted and parents are helped to reach personal and family goals.
Family literacy reduces dependency on public assistance and significantly increases employment.
Family literacy strengthens the ability of families to participate fully in society.
Family litigation has a high incidence of malpractice claims.
A family man is a husband
Family man Sounds dangerously close to intellectualism.
Family matters are friendlier.
Family meal is still the norm.
Family meals are a comforting ritual for both parents and kids.
Family meals are flexible and simple.
Family meals are important to kids' development.
Family meals are important.
Family meals can be enjoyable for all family members.
Family meals offer opportunity.
Most family meals offer opportunity.
Some family meals provide comfort.
Family mediation is an expanding development.
Family mediation is provided to help youth and their families resolve conflicts.
Family medicine has a key role in the preparation of students and residents for rural practice.
Family medicine involves continuing care for patients of all ages with all types of problems.
Family medicine is a community-based discipline.
Family medicine is a foreign concept.
Family medicine is a specialty that serves people at every stage of life.
Family medicine is a vibrant and exciting specialty.
Family medicine is actually a fairly new term used to describe an old discipline.
Family medicine is based in the community and is significantly influenced by community factors.
Family medicine is based upon continuity.
Family medicine is certainly no different than other medical specialties.
Family medicine is community-based.
Family medicine is comprehensive medical care with particular emphasis on the family unit.
Family medicine is medical practice
Family medicine is much more than primary care.
Family medicine is the key to health-system integration.
Family medicine is well respected with full support of the other departments.
Family medicine is where the whole thing begins.
Family medicine offers a unique opportunity to the practicing physician and to their patients.
Family medicine provides care across all age ranges and to both genders.
Family meetings are a good time for mutual support and reinforcement.
Family meetings are a good time to assess and assign individual family members' responsibilities.
Family meetings are a good time to discuss boundaries.
Family meetings are a preemptive way to resolve crises before they begin.
Family meetings are also helpful to the health care team.
Family meetings are most effective when they are prescribed on a weekly basis.
Family meetings are often useful.
Family meetings are one way to begin the process.
Family meetings bring a family together to talk about the issues important to the family.
Family meetings can be a very effective way of improving communication within a family.
Family meetings can occur once a week or twice a month.
Family meetings can resolve issues much quicker than endless power struggles.
Family meetings can start by posting an agenda.
Family meetings open the lines of communication among family members.
Family meetings provide an important opportunity to teach children social skills.
Family meetings work best with families whose children are school-aged or older.
Family member confides information concerning real estate.
Family member develops allergy to dog.
Family member has something of importance to reveal.
Family member is really, really sick.
Family member means the son, daughter, spouse, or parent of the employee.
Family member reveals unexpected program.
Family members accompany many students.
Family members accompanying students are subject to the same health care considerations.
Family members affirm each other.
Family members amuse themselves by playing music, cards and mahjong.
Family members are a source of strength and inspiration from which our tree sprouted.
Family members are able to feed the baby.
Family members are active in planning, designing and evaluating the services they receive.
Family members are active volunteers in a variety of community activities.
Family members are also eligible for membership.
Family members are also eligible to join as well.
Family members are also eligible to join, and take advantage of lifetime membership benefits.
Family members are also eligible to receive tickets.
Family members are also eligible.
Family members are also often helpful in persuading the person to seek medical care.
Family members are also welcome but tickets are required.
Family members are also welcome to attend.
Family members are also welcome.
Family members are always welcome to all events.
Family members are always welcome to attend.
Family members are always welcome to observe or participate in activities.
Family members are always welcome.
Family members are an important and necessary part of the discharge plan.
Family members are an important part of the rehabilitation and recovery process.
Family members are an important resource in the treatment of brain disorders.
Family members are at risk to inherit the traits and increased heart disease risk.
Family members are at their respective homes.
Family members are best able to understand the needs of their child.
Family members are better able to cope with the guilt of placing loved ones outside the home.
Family members are both actors and reactors, especially in maintaining chronic problems.
Family members are congenial and cooperative.
Family members are Cuban hostages.
Family members are disruptive such that it becomes a detriment to patient care.
Family members are each individuals and have unique ways of looking at the world.
Family members are eligible during family hours.
Family members are eligible for expanded services.
Family members are eligible for the same benefits that primary members receive.
Family members are eligible to join.
Family members are eligible too.
Family members are e-mailed during the move so the whole experience is one of inclusion.
Family members are encourage to attend.
Family members are especially important people to traumatized refugees.
Family members are essential partners in the rehabilitation process.
Family members are exempt from the laws prohibiting gifts.
Family members are explosive.
Family members are flesh and leaders are bones.
Family members are free to decline or discontinue participation at any time.
Family members are individuals with individual activities, interests, and goals.
Family members are involved to support changes in diet and exercise.
Family members are key members of our treatment teams.
Family members are key to understanding any subject.
Family members are likely to be confused and irritated by the depressed person's actions.
Family members are likely to have an impact on shaping a patient s attitude about pain management.
Family members are limited to the employee, spouse, children and the employee's parents.
Family members are located in dinner.
Family members are lost, some die and many are separated.
Family members are members.
Family members are more likely to kick in money for pet projects now.
Family members are more likely to take an interest in seeing the offspring survive.
Family members are more mobile and geographically spread out than ever before.
Family members are most welcome and encouraged to attend.
Family members are most welcome to attend.
Family members are no eligible for a referral fee.
Family members are notoriously bad interpreters.
Family members are now free to leave or to take pictures with the judge.
Family members are often ashamed that someone killed themselves in their family.
Family members are often eligible to apply as well at the same low group rates.
Family members are often ill-treated.
Family members are often so overcome with grief, it is difficult or impossible to remember details.
Family members are often the forgotten members, especially other children.
Family members are often the primary caregivers of long term health care.
Family members are often times very encouraged by how their family member can read.
Family members are often willing to help.
Family members are on hand with banners to greet the now weary but worldly-wise travelers.
Family members are our colleagues.
Family members are part of the biological system and are key to pain and stress management.
Family members are people to think about, to socialize with, and to help in one way or another.
Family members are persons related by blood, marriage, or adoption, and include the applicant.
Family members are responsible foe their own transportation, meals and accommodation.
Family members are significant role models.
Family members are sometimes THE problem.
Family members are son, daughter, grandchildren, great grandchildren, stepchildren.
Family members are the best new owners for well-loved possessions.
Family members are the best new owners for well-used possessions.
Family members are the best source for planning.
Family members are the first ones responsible to care for widows.
Family members are the major providers of long term care in the United States.
Family members are the primary providers of care for persons with dementia.
Family members are the victims of such violence in the majority of cases.
Family members are then offerred the vaccine.
Family members are tired physically and emotionally at the end of the day.
Family members are too busy to enroll in a college class, but they want to earn credit, too.
Family members are unable to discuss and solve problems together.
Family members are usually less clear about the information needed for a genealogy.
Family members are usually the first targets.
Family members are usually too shocked and disorganized to coherently respond to accusations.
Family members are very close-knit and loyal to each other.
Family members are very satisfied with the process, although they find it stressful and difficult.
Family members are vital to the success of the instructional process.
Family members are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Family members are welcome around the clock.
Family members are welcome as employees.
Family members are welcome at all meetings.
Family members are welcome at all orientation events.
Family members are welcome at our meetings.
Family members are welcome at their own expense.
Family members are welcome on tour.
Family members are welcome to assist in the patient s care.
Family members are welcome to attend as well.
Family members are welcome to attend at no additional charge.
Family members are welcome to attend both meetings.
Family members are welcome to attend sessions and to learn therapy skills.
Family members are welcome to attend the sessions.
Family members are welcome to attend.
Family members are welcome to gather there any time.
Family members are welcome to join students for lunch after registering at the school office.
Family members are welcome to remain with patients while they receive treatments.
Family members are welcome to share in the birthing experience.
Family members are welcome to take part in the education.
Family members are welcome to visit.
Family members are welcome too.
Family members are welcome, provided space is available.
Family members are welcome, provided the space is available.
Family members are welcome, too.
Family members are welcome.
Family members are willing to sacrifice their individual desires for the good of the family.
Family members are young people's most important role models.
Family members articulate their hopes and fears as they complete and discuss self-assessment tests.
Family members attend free.
Family members attend lectures, videos and shared therapy experiences.
Family members bathe early in the morning and dress in whit or yellow coloured clothes.
Family members become active participants in their children's education, at home and at school.
Family members become better at communicating and more supportive of one another.
Family members become fellow travelers out of necessity.
Family members become partners in the recovery process of their loved ones.
Family members become visitors rather than caregivers, and the patient often dies alone.
Family members begin practicing what they have learned.
Family members believe that, in Rachel's imagery, the rose represents America's youth.
Family members believe they was only there a short time before they died.
Family members belong to gangs.
Family members belong to many social systems that influence family health.
Family members benefit from supporting one another.
Family members can affect one another directly and indirectly.
Family members can agree and disagree.
Family members can also apply for assistance when the soldier is unavailable.
Family members can also assist by encouraging their loved one to seek help.
Family members can also be good sources of information.
Family members can also be important sources of information.
Family members can also benefit from the support of shared experience.
Family members can also buy meet programs for half price.
Family members can also choose to be notified every time a new recipe is entered.
Family members can also decorate patient's rooms to individual preferences.
Family members can also easily share files between computers on the network.
Family members can also find out about current events on board the ship.
Family members can also have trouble dealing with a dramatic physical change.
Family members can also help out.
Family members can also learn how to help.
Family members can also provide informed consent on behalf of an impaired patient.
Family members can also provide valuable assistance.
Family members can also strongly disagree about the care to be given the hospice patient.
Family members can avoid considerable conflict by identifying alternatives to risky activities.
Family members can be extremely helpful in assisting with rehabilitation.
Family members can be important in helping a person deal with a problem in a variety of ways.
Family members can be instrumental in helping the patient get proper treatment.
Family members can be steps away from their loved ones who are inpatients.
Family members can be support people, and so can friends.
Family members can be the most difficult people to tell.
Family members can become favorite pets too.
Family members can become sick if workers take lead dust home on their clothes and shoes.
Family members can bring examples, perhaps even cutting out articles, to share with one another.
Family members can call directly.
Family members can call from school or work without a calling card or change.
Family members can check it each day for friendly reminders.
Family members can choose to participate in all the events or select individual events.
Family members can communicate frequently, openly, clearly and directly.
Family members can communicate frequently, openly, clearly, and directly.
Family members can contact the church office with information.
Family members can contact the hospitalists through the nursing unit.
Family members can cooperate by sharing and taking on more responsibility.
Family members can create their own password-protected files, providing complete privacy.
Family members can create their own password-protected files, which provides complete privacy.
Family members can discuss their needs as well as their fears and frustrations.
Family members can each have their own personal account, so can students with limited resources.
Family members can each have their own personal e-mail box with their own unique password.
Family members can enjoy time in the petting zoo or sampling homemade apple juice.
Family members can even perform the treatment once provided instruction.
Family members can feel differently about the same event.
Family members can figure out to have everyone get a fair share of attention on a daily basis.
Family members can find themselves behaving in uncharacteristic ways.
Family members can fly if the patient is being transferred from a hospital to a hospital.
Family members can go on a compound word hunt together.
Family members can have fun making their own buttons for articles of clothing they sew.
Family members can help a great deal throughout the process.
Family members can help by dropping their laundry into the appropriate containers.
Family members can help by giving permission for the feeling and coping with the anger.
Family members can help choose the casket without going to the funeral home.
Family members can hurt each other by actions, and gravely at times.
Family members can join in the fun once their work is done.
Family members can join inmates at the jail sites for the hearings.
Family members can learn as much as possible about spasticity and treatment options.
Family members can learn much by attending scheduled school meetings with the staff.
Family members can learn to cope with stress.
Family members can learn to use feeling words when upset.
Family members can leave each other messages as well as check their e-mail.
Family members can leave messages for the teen and vice versa.
Family members can now access all the information right here.
Family members can observe nursing staff as they assess patients' pain.
Family members can offer additional support.
Family members can offer ideas for meals they want.
Family members can often only provide services support, practical things.
Family members can often provide a lot of help and support.
Family members can order for themselves.
Family members can participate in daily activities.
Family members can place the flowers onto a stretcher at the shore.
Family members can play an important role in recovery.
Family members can provide information and support.
Family members can provide significant emotional and psychological support.
Family members can provide the structure and work together to set the rules.
Family members can read and learn about a variety of child health issues.
Family members can receive educational programs in the same facilities.
Family members can relax and start to be themselves.
Family members can request ballots.
Family members can send e-mail to each other and to the Internet in one batch.
Family members can serve as a haven in a heartless world.
Family members can serve to either buffer or accentuate negative social factors.
Family members can serve various roles here.
Family members can share one form.
Family members can sign up for their own account or share username and password information.
Family members can still pay using their credit cards if they want.
Family members can still receive dental care in overseas dental treatment facilities.
Family members can still use that site for secure communication and sharing documents.
Family members can stretch the person's limbs and perform basic massage.
Family members can support each other and recognize that each has different talents.
Family members can take a number of steps to cope with the stress associated with the holidays.
Family members can take a paper exam.
Family members can take steps to further a cause.
Family members can take turns dusting, sweeping, vacuuming and doing laundry.
Family members can talk things over and improve understanding of each others' needs.
Family members can tell each other what has been happening at school, work or home.
Family members can tell each other what has been happening at school, work, or home.
Family members can transmit influenza to persons at high risk.
Family members can understand child's speech.
Family members can update their own addresses and e-mail for other family members to see.
Family members can use their struggles to become more sensitive to others' pain.
Family members can view the initiation of the process through a witness cremation.
Family members can visit for up to two weeks, but no longer.
Family members can visit our neighbor attractions .
Family members can wait in private rooms, complete with sofas, telephones and TV's.
Family members can work together or make their own.
Family members care for one another.
Family members carry cards.
Family members choose options.
Family members come and go at all hours of the day, including mealtime.
Family members come and go.
Family members come from all parts of the country to visit their ancestral homes.
Family members come in to augment the work with the individual member.
Family members come up once in a blue moon.
Family members compete for attention.
Family members complete an environmental questionnaire and donate a one-time blood sample.
Family members control the amount of information that individual users see in the publishing window.
Family members cooperate on the basis of intimate knowledge and shared concerns.
Family members cope and cop-out in a child's fight with cancer.
Family members create special dishes of love for each other.
Family members dash about.
Family members devote their lives to teaching and practicing the art.
Family members differ in certain respects, but they also share the same heritage.
Family members disappear.
Family members discuss early symptoms and the progression of the disease in the victim.
Family members do everything from announcing to timing to cooking hot dogs and hamburgers.
Family members do share the growth that can be experienced within themselves and with each other.
Family members do usually attend the group.
Family members eat together and participate in other activities as a group.
Family members encounter a series of health events during the course of the game.
Family members engage in activities.
Family members enter the password protected site and post photographs.
Family members expect to eat together around the table.
Family members expect to launch a fund-raising campaign for the museum and theater complex.
Family members experience pain, exhaustion, and are more prone to depression.
Family members extend their benefits to all members of the family.
Family members face off as the reader has come to identify with men and women on both sides.
Family members fail to recognize it almost one-quarter of patients.
Family members fall into old styles of interaction.
Family members feed together usually, but sometimes they forage alone.
Family members feel empowered as a result of effectively dealing with stress.
Family members feel increasingly anxious, unworthy, and helpless as a result.
Family members feel isolated and stressful since their normal life no longer exists.
Family members feel loyal to each other.
Family members feel that anguish as well, and they make up a large portion of the support group.
Family members feel welcome in the school.
Family members fight about whether it's right or wrong to abort a child.
Family members fight about who is responsible for caring for older parents.
Family members fill up the remaining time slots.
Family members filter in.
Family members find their loved one's name on the plaque.
Family members find themselves telling stories in a simpler way.
Family members focus on what is controllable.
Family members follow lead.
Family members follow the Episcopalian faith.
Family members get a complimentary meal at any dining hall when they come to visit.
Family members get along well and can rely on each other in a crisis.
Family members get discounts on summer programs and all other schooner sponsored events.
Family members get the pages as soon as they are published and run with it from there.
Family members give trust and acceptance.
Family members go fishing every morning to supply the restaurant.
Family members gossip about each other, leading to misunderstandings.
Family members greet each other by touching noses.
Family members grieve at a different pace.
Family members groom each other often, especially during the mid-day rest.
Family members harass each other all the time, in some sense.
Family members has no possibility to avoid or ignore the one with the disease.
Family members have a moral obligation to share genetic information with each other.
Family members have a reputation.
Family members have a role to play before placing a loved one in an assisted-living home.
Family members have access to vast amounts of information which needs to be managed over time.
Family members have all the rights and privileges of a regular member.
Family members have and still do provide most long-term care services.
Family members have daily and continuous contact with their home environment.
Family members have different roles and different responsibilities.
Family members have different skills.
Family members have feelings, too.
Family members have ideas.
Family members have jobs.
Family members have many skills that programs can use.
Family members have no immunity.
Family members have no known ocular abnormalities.
Family members have no right to object to a nikah whether contracted between the equals or inequals.
Family members have ownership documents dating back to the Ottoman Empire.
Family members have pain.
Family members have parents.
Family members have rights.
Family members have several choices about the types of care available.
Family members have the right to be free from mental, physical, and sexual abuse.
Family members have the same priviledges as a full member.
Family members have their own mailbox where both e-mail and video messages are stored.
Family members have to reside at the same premises.
Family members have ways.
Family members help develop goals and an individual pro- gram plan for each participant.
Family members help each other and love each other.
Family members help themselves, serving with a spoon and eating with right hands.
Family members help with daily management as well as the processing of our own venison mince meat.
Family members hold most of the top positions and public squabbling is unheard of.
Family members hold other key positions.
Family members hope others learn from the accident.
Family members join the honored person on an indoor roller coaster ride, similar to Space Mountain.
Family members keep getting replaced.
Family members know and understand each other completely.
Family members know conditions.
Family members know more about their family than any professional can ever know.
Family members know nothing about the claim or alleged accident.
Family members know status.
Family members know their loved ones.
Family members let each other know on a daily basis that each is appreciated.
Family members listen, and family members watch over each other.
Family members live in areas.
Family members live in homes.
Family members live in houses.
Family members live together in the community and share farming obligations.
Family members living apart from the family also require special consideration.
Family members living in the employee's household are often eligible for services too.
Family members living outside metro Detroit are eligible to participate in the study.
Family members look to elders for advice.
Family members lose track of their relatives.
Family members make a lot of mistakes about taking over their parents lives.
Family members make a lot of mistakes about taking over their parents' lives.
Family members make decisions.
Family members make desperate calls over the radio for lost family and friends.
Family members make note of the number of times they read the story.
Family members manage the demands of the child within the context of family life.
Family members mark each other with scent for recognition since their sight is poor.
Family members meet periodically with physicians and staff.
Family members mill about.
Family members move away or become distant.
Family members offering to watch and care for the infant are also equally important.
Family members opt for employment versus the business' needs to fill only the positions required.
Family members paint a different picture of the teen.
Family members participate in care.
Family members pass objects they value from one generation to the next.
Family members pay a high price for going against the grain.
Family members pay a modest price for using the pool.
Family members personalize any picture.
Family members play a crucial role in the success of college students.
Family members play a very important role in the young person's recovery.
Family members play an active role in determining care.
Family members play an important role throughout the care process .
Family members play major roles.
Family members play roles.
Family members portray nurses, tradesmen, school children, and other civilian roles.
Family members practice signing the book, and they receive feedback from the tutor.
Family members practice signing the story.
Family members prepare token gifts to be given back to the people who come to mourn for the dead.
Family members protect each other, and cater to each other's needs.
Family members provide a much-needed source of care and support.
Family members provide assistance.
Family members provide most long-term care.
Family members provide reassurance and familiar items from home to reorient patient.
Family members provide the link to the world for the child with vision impairment.
Family members receive braces on a space-available basis .
Family members receive dinner, breakfast and food to pack for sack lunches.
Family members receive discounted membership rate.
Family members receive no publications and have no voting rights.
Family members receive two copies.
Family members recite the day's principle while the candle is lit.
Family members recognize that decisions and routines are flexible.
Family members reenact scenes from their lives as the mother reads.
Family members register for the program when the addicted person is admitted for treatment.
Family members relate according to certain arrangements which govern transactions.
Family members relate with openness, warmth, and empathy.
Family members rely on each other for assistance and enjoy being together.
Family members rely on their escorts for support and comfort during the weekend.
Family members remain skeptical based on previous diaries that are believed or known to be fakes.
Family members remember loving to visit and enjoy their gracious hospitality.
Family members reside mostly in Arizona, some in Nevada, Utah, and Hawaii.
Family members respect each other.
Family members return to their own lives out of economic and social necessity.
Family members say it happened when the women opened a gift-wrapped package left on a doorstep.
Family members say locals have helped by donating water.
Family members say the dispute was over a man.
Family members say the four rejected government offers to go into exile rather than face trial.
Family members say the two became inseparable.
Family members say they are thankful for all the support.
Family members say they believe someone familiar with the house snatched the little girl.
Family members say they had no warning that lightning was a danger that evening.
Family members see the good in each other and are generally supportive.
Family members serve as coaches.
Family members serve for two years.
Family members share a certain percentage of genes in common, depending upon their relationship.
Family members share a history and know each other's personalities and preferences.
Family members share a significant amount of genetic information.
Family members share characteristics.
Family members share food, defend one another, and refrain from having sex with one another.
Family members share reading the board.
Family members share software.
Family members share space and resources, for instance.
Family members show intimacy by affectionate actions and loving words.
Family members show their support with homemade signs.
Family members sign up for two weeks to use the computer at home.
Family members sleep on the floor, and eat only vegetarian food.
Family members speak for each other and intrude on each others' thoughts and feelings.
Family members spend considerably less time together as a unit, and it s getting worse.
Family members spend small amounts of time together.
Family members spend the night at the cemetery and share in the memory of their dearly deceased.
Family members stick together.
Family members stop by, bringing hugs and money.
Family members strengthen each other, help each other and defend each other.
Family members suffer as well.
Family members suffer collective punishment for the alleged offenses of relatives.
Family members suffer economic loss, mental anguish, and loss of companionship.
Family members support each other.
Family members sustain one another and other people in prayer daily.
Family members take it from there.
Family members take part in the training in psychosomatic and imagogic music therapy.
Family members talk about grandmother on a video loop.
Family members talk about their health, or one another.
Family members teach it to each other.
Family members tell each other they are special.
Family members tell of huge gardens to the north of the buildings.
Family members tend to get lost.
Family members tend to tell old wives tales and exaggerate negatively on labor.
Family members think in terms of mutual benefit to foster support and mutual respect.
Family members traveling with the travel industry employee are often eligible for discounts too.
Family members understand choices.
Family members use different given names.
Family members use FACs or laminated cards.
Family members visit sites.
Family members wait and smoke.
Family members wanting to learn more about it are welcome too.
Family members wear medals on the right breast.
Family members welcome also.
Family members welcome.
Family members wish each other prosperity and good fortune.
Family members work to explore sensitive issues, build trust and take risks.
Family members work together to set goals and help solve individual and family challenges.
Family members working for partnerships and corporation pay all taxes and withholding.
All family members are active in the business.
All family members are carriers.
All family members are eligible to receive services and supports.
All family members are half price per person.
All family members are likely to be affected, including children.
All family members are strictly carnivorous.
All family members are to be respected.
All family members are welcome along with their current student.
ALL family members are welcome and encouraged to attend - including young siblings.
All family members are welcome to attend and the service is followed by a shared supper.
All family members are welcome to attend class.
All family members are welcome to attend.
All family members are welcome to sign up.
All family members are welcome, especially children.
All family members are welcome.
All family members can get email addresses without artificial constraints.
All family members can help by doing and saying the same thing.
All family members can help in some way, no matter how young.
All family members display with dates last seen and next due.
All family members eat together and give each other good blessings.
All family members exude a milky latex.
All family members get together for less than one hour to talk with each other.
All family members have a job, of course.
All family members have a part in the operation of the farm.
All family members have something to contribute to and gain from a smoothly running system.
All family members help around the home.
All family members help in the care of the brood.
All family members help with housework and agricultural labor.
All family members living in the home are required to meet the animal prior to adoption approval.
All family members play an important role inside the family.
All family members share the same information when there are multiple hams in a family.
All family members sign the covenant, which can be renewed at any time.
All family members take turns sitting on the logs.
All family members write down two fruits that they see in each of the others.
Any family member can share information with and receive content updates from any other member.
Any family member can use the card to receive prescriptions.
Any family member can use the card.
Any family member including older citizens are welcome.
Any family member is welcome to attend the weekend and participate in the program.
Any family member is welcome.
Any family members are welcome to attend.
Every family member can have an email account.
Every family member has a different fruit face, but the bodies are endearingly humanoid.
Every family member has responsibilities.
Every family member has some horror story to tell.
Every family member has to adjust to the situation created by the presence of an arthritic member.
Every family member is challenged and stimulated in the home school.
Every family member is important to the effort.
Every family member needs a warm coat, a warm hat, heavy gloves or mittens, a scarf, and boots.
Every family member needs to be alert for fire hazards in the communal areas of the home.
Every family member needs to know how to use it.
Every family member plays a musical instrument no matter how bad or good, to their heart's content.
Many family members are grown as ornamental plants .
Many family members are grown as ornamental plants.
Many family members are here unlawfully largely due to an inherent flaw in the immigration system.
Many family members become victims of verbal abuse which is caused by depression.
Many family members contain in-built isolation barriers for system protection.
Many family members continue to reside in Southeast Michigan.
Many family members drink because other members of the family drink themselves.
Many family members experience emotional ups and downs.
Many family members find it very difficult.
Many family members have low Internet literacy skills.
Many family members share the same first and last names.
Many family members share the same first names.
More family members desire screening than the general public.
Most family members appreciate the opportunity to understand the real concerns within the family.
Most family members are omnivores and use a variety of foraging techniques.
Most family members brush their teeth twice a day for about two minutes each time.
Most family members carry cards.
Most family members choose options.
Most family members come to the Island on weekends and holidays.
Most family members engage in activities.
Most family members follow lead.
Most family members go to visit parks with their cameras to take pictures, and have fun.
Most family members have a long, narrow, tapering abdomen containing segments.
Most family members have ideas.
Most family members have jobs.
Most family members have no idea what is happening when their child starts behaving bizarrely.
Most family members have pain.
Most family members have parents.
Most family members have responsibilities.
Most family members have rights.
Most family members have ways.
Most family members hesitate to discuss estate plans with one another.
Most family members know conditions.
Most family members know status.
Most family members live in areas.
Most family members live in homes.
Most family members live in houses.
Most family members make decisions.
Most family members participate in care.
Most family members play major roles.
Most family members play roles.
Most family members provide assistance.
Most family members remark about the increased standing height and normal bearing following surgery.
Most family members say they are resigned to the sale.
Most family members share characteristics.
Most family members spend a great deal of their time at home in the kitchen.
Most family members spend long hours at the hospital waiting for news, test results, etc.
Most family members suffer from some sense of anger or loss at separation.
Most family members understand choices.
Most family members visit sites.
Some family members are afraid.
Some family members are arrested for murder.
Some family members are at greater risk of severe grief reaction, or even suicide, than others.
Some family members are diagnosed with diabetes.
Some family members are still there.
Some family members ask physicians.
Some family members attend schools.
Some family members become angels.
Some family members become diets.
Some family members can have bathroom habits.
Some family members can have habits.
Some family members can have peculiar habits.
Some family members carry cancer.
Some family members carry copies.
Some family members carry residues.
Some family members carry smoke residues.
Some family members choose to keep the presents as remembrances of their little one.
Some family members confirm news.
Some family members consider doggies.
Some family members create crises.
Some family members create family crises.
Some family members deal with a daughter's death.
Some family members diagnose with illnesses.
Some family members diagnose with mental illnesses.
Some family members experience intense attraction.
Some family members experience intense sexual attraction.
Some family members experience sexual attraction.
Some family members feel decisions.
Some family members find antelopes.
Some family members find boys.
Some family members find comfort and joy in writing to transplant recipients.
Some family members get a free ride.
Some family members get emphysema.
Some family members get their hair braided island style.
Some family members get tired of being videotaped.
Some family members handle bats.
Some family members have applications.
Some family members have children.
Some family members have diseases.
Some family members have kidney diseases.
Some family members have months.
Some family members have pinworms.
Some family members have timetables.
Some family members help infants.
Some family members identify women.
Some family members involve in business.
Some family members know parents.
Some family members maintain neutral perspective.
Some family members maintain perspective.
Some family members make announcements.
Some family members make arrangements.
Some family members move to other areas of the USA, following their career or job needs.
Some family members participate in education.
Some family members progress faster than others.
Some family members react to finding a loved one's body floating in some water.
Some family members share duties.
Some family members share residences.
Some family members suffer from diseases.
Some family members suffer from heart diseases.
Some family members suffer from hypertension heart diseases.
Some family members support patients.
Some family members take many precaution.
Some family members take precaution.
Some family members think the show has something to do with puppets and they've left it at that.
Some family members use talent.
Some family members use techniques.
Some family members visit hospitals.
Some family members wait until they move their relative out of the facility to file a complaint.
Some family members wear black scarves.
Some family members wear scarves.
Some family members work floors.
Family movies are also available.
Family movies sell more tickets than most do.
A family name is a name
Family names appear in boldface in the listing.
Family names are a rather recent invention in Thailand, and often they are awkwardly long .
Family names are a rather recent invention in Thailand, and often they are awkwardly long.
Family names are in capital letters.
Family names are lists.
Family names are names.
Family names are often an indication of ethnicity.
Family names are shown as row labels, and tissue names are given as column labels.
Family names are traditional clan names and each has a village from which it comes.
All family names end in the letters 'aceae' and begin with a capital letter.
Many family names are German, but in the wake of World War II, parents preferred French first names.
Some family names appear more than once.
Some family names have up to twenty variations in spelling.
Some family names occur more than once.
Family offices are nothing new.
Family offices offer another avenue to socially responsible investors.
Family outings can get expensive.
Most family outings start off on an optimistic note.
Family ownership is particularly crucial when difficult journalistic decisions arise.
Family Parties Get-togethers to celebrate the holidays or just for fun.
Family photos appear on nearly every page.
Family photos are also most welcome.
Family photos are also very welcome, whether with written material or on there own.
Family photos are always a favorite room accent.
Family photos are always welcome and certainly add a personal touch.
Family photos are fun to look at.
Family photos are great, especially in an informal setting.
Family photos are important whether at a wedding or just a get together weekend.
Family photos are our specialty.
Family photos bring personality and conversation.
Family photos can be snapshots, too.
Family photos cover a large slumpstone wall.
Family photos dominate one wall.
Family photos line the walls at the top of the steps.
Family photos suggest they are farming.
More family photos are available.
Some family photos are here.
Family physicians act as patient advocates.
Family physicians are a prime market in the current medical environment.
Family physicians are also available for interviews and as speakers on breast cancer issues.
Family physicians are both businessmen and health care providers.
Family physicians are committed to promoting health and preventing disease in their patients.
Family physicians are committed to providing care to patients and their families over time.
Family physicians are concerned with more than the treatment of disease.
Family physicians are coordinators of healthcare services for patients.
Family physicians are doctors who are trained to take care of the whole person, body and mind.
Family physicians are empathic, and empathy can lead to overinvolvement.
Family physicians are experts in common medical conditions.
Family physicians are generally under enough pressure to raise their temperature.
Family physicians are in a position to catch early warning signs and prevent serious complications.
Family physicians are in leadership practice in key courses in the first two years.
Family physicians are medical doctors trained in the specialty of family practice.
Family physicians are no exception.
Family physicians are on the front lines in the battle against antimicrobial resistance.
Family physicians are skilled at dealing with ambiguity and uncertainty.
Family physicians are specialists, just like obstetricians, pediatricians or surgeons.
Family physicians are still divided on their attitudes toward abortion.
Family physicians are the catch-net.
Family physicians are the key to our nation's evolving health care system.
Family physicians are the specialists trained to meet the health care needs of the entire family.
Family physicians are well suited for ethics committee work.
Family physicians can go on to developing a special interest in any of the areas in their field.
Family physicians can play an important role for such referral.
Family physicians can select the one that best fits their style of practice.
Family physicians care about the public.
Family physicians care for patients of all ages and handle a wide range of medical problems.
Family physicians complete a residency training program in family practice.
Family physicians consider themselves masters of communication and patient interviewing.
Family physicians focus on the whole person and the entire family.
Family physicians have a central and essential role in today's health care system.
Family physicians have an average of seven clinically important unanswered questions each day.
Family physicians have an average of seven clinically important, unanswered questions each day.
Family physicians have distinctive values and ways of thinkgin and feeling.
Family physicians have effective strategies for self-directed, lifelong learning.
Family physicians have work schedules that vary considerably.
Family physicians know it.
Family physicians perform a variety of office, surgical and diagnostic procedures.
Family physicians play a central role in the provision of mental health care in most communities.
Family physicians play a key role in the treatment of depression.
Family physicians prescribe treatments.
Family physicians provide a vital link to obstetrical care in rural areas.
Family physicians provide comprehensive, continuing care to all family members.
Family physicians provide comprehensive, continuing care to all members of the family.
Family physicians provide continuing care to their patients.
Family physicians provide general healthcare for the whole family, from birth through old age.
Family physicians provide high quality, cost effective care.
Family physicians provide high quality, cost effective health care.
Family physicians provide most of the care for a large prenatal population.
Family physicians provide the greatest proportion of care in rural communities.
Family physicians respect the primacy of the person.
Family physicians respect the privacy of the person.
Family physicians specialize in being generalists.
Family physicians treat a wide variety of patients from infancy to old age.
Family physicians work within a broader system of health care which meets the needs of our patients.
Many family physicians can teach some simple techniques or point patients in the right direction.
Many family physicians move on to another practice opportunity within one to three years.
Many family physicians share the same frustrations.
Most family physicians are satisfied with their hospital privileges.
Most family physicians do some counselling.
Most family physicians prescribe treatments.
Most family physicians work in private offices, hospitals, and clinics.
Some family physicians teach ethic.
Some family physicians worry about whether midwives are competition.
Family pictures are also on site as are links to other related sites.
Family pictures are available here .
Family pictures are here .
Family pictures are located in desks.
Family pictures are located in homes.
Family pictures are on the piano.
Family pictures are simple.
Family pictures are so very hard.
Family pictures are welcome to .
Family pictures can be helpful, too.
Family pictures decorate the walls.
Family pictures give children an important sense of belonging and strong sense of history.
Family pictures line the bathroom walls.
Family pictures line the walls.
Family pictures make it homey, and the window has a nice view of a wooded hillside.
More family pictures are available.
Family plan clinics help treatments.
Family plan applies.
Family plan requires one primary number on qualifying rate plan.
Family plans are also available.
Family plans are available for students with spouses and children.
Family plans are available.
Family plans are one of the biggest perks.
A family planning is a planning
Family planning allows women to choose when to have a child and how many children to have.
Family planning becomes the responsibility of the couple rather than of an individual.
Family planning can help reduce both abortions and deaths from unsafe abortion.
Family planning can prevent a quarter of infant deaths by spacing births at least two years apart.
Family planning continues to remain a very sensitive issue.
Family planning contributes both to reproductive and sexual health and to maternal and child health.
Family planning does.
Family planning enables couples to prevent unintended pregnancies.
Family planning enables couples to space their children.
Family planning encompases a much more comprehensive range of options for women.
Family planning extends personal choice, and is a good thing.
Family planning funning is essential to saving lives.
Family planning gets a shot in the arm.
Family planning has little cultural relevance.
Family planning has many benefits.
Family planning has many misconceptions.
Family planning has religious overtones.
Family planning has to be enforced irrespective of cast or creed.
Family planning helps millions of people today and also helps to assure a better future.
Family planning helps save lives by preventing unwanted pregnancy and allowing births to be spaced.
Family planning helps to prevent birth defects and low birthweight babies.
Family planning implicates the rights of fathers and mothers.
Family planning increases the chances of survival of both mother and child.
Family planning involves a lot of preventive care for women.
Family planning is a basic health care service.
Family planning is a basic right and something people want worldwide .
Family planning is a basic right and something people want worldwide.
Family planning is a compassionate issue.
Family planning is a simple, win-win solution to many complex problems.
Family planning is a vital part of basic health care services-and a basic right.
Family planning is a vital part of that empowerment.
Family planning is a way to avoid abortions.
Family planning is also a subject of interest.
Family planning is an accepted issue now.
Family planning is an essential component of reproductive health.
Family planning is an important arena of international cooperation .
Family planning is an important arena of international cooperation.
Family planning is an important component of adolescent reproductive health.
Family planning is an important element in efforts to stabilize population growth.
Family planning is an issue that affects people across gender, ethnic, and class lines.
Family planning is another area suffering from business as usual.
Family planning is another important aid in reduction of maternal mortality rates.
Family planning is considered the norm.
Family planning is dressed up as a way of safeguarding people's health in the third world.
Family planning is good for the environment.
Family planning is important.
Family planning is integrated into maternal and child health services in the public sector.
Family planning is integrated into maternal and child health services.
Family planning is integrated into the maternal and child health at the primary health care level.
Family planning is more than just preventing pregnancy.
Family planning is national policy in many industrial countries, such as Japan and most of Europe.
Family planning is needed in every country, including our own.
Family planning is needed to save children's lives.
Family planning is needed to save women's lives.
Family planning is one of the church's emphases.
Family planning is one of the critical decisions a married couple makes.
Family planning is only one basic aspect.
Family planning is policy of China.
Family planning IS politically correct.
Family planning is preventive health in the truest sense.
Family planning is seen as a decision for both partners.
Family planning is talked about and offered, too.
Family planning is the answer.
Family planning is the best antiabortion method around.
Family planning is the key to reaching a reasonable balance.
Family planning is the most effective way to control the population of a nation through education.
Family planning is the only thing that prevents abortion.
Family planning is the primary intervention along the pathway in reduction of unwanted pregnancies.
Family planning is the responsibility of men as well as women.
Family planning is thus crucial at the health level but so too at the social level.
Family planning is to plan a healthy delivery for children ensuring their proper growth.
Family planning is today one of the world's most acute issues.
Family planning is used only by a small segment of Polish society.
Family planning is well under way.
Family planning means having a baby only if one is wanted.
Family planning means much more than providing contraceptive services.
Family planning means so much more than just having fewer children.
Family planning means using some form of birth control to prevent pregnancy.
Family planning reduces mortality.
Family planning saves children s lives.
Family planning saves lives.
Family planning saves women s lives.
Family planning saves women, children and our planet.
Family planning stands for empowering women and preventing the spread of STIs.
Family planning supports U.S. goals.
Family plots are rare, and it is difficult to find a grave of a loved one.
Family Portrait is pretty much the same thing, except it's a lot funnier.
Family portraits are also available.
Family portraits have an important role in building a family.
Family Portraits make a great gift to cherish a lifetime.
Family portraits make ideal gifts.
Family portraits play an important role in building a family.
Family portraits play an important role in telling family history.
Most family portraits are of middle and upper class families.
Family practice integrates all phases of medicine serving people of all ages and both genders.
Family practice integrates the biological, clinical and behavioral sciences.
Family practice is a medical career that offers physicians diversity and flexibility.
Family practice is a traditional philosophy that promotes well-rounded care with continuity.
Family practice is based in the community and is significantly influenced by community factors.
Family practice is based on relationships that count.
Family practice is by far the preferred specialty.
Family practice is common sense and uncommon perception.
Family practice is medical practice
Family practice is medical practice.
Family practice is the flexible specialty.
Family practice is the product of currents both swift and strong.
Family practice is trio's specialty.
Family practice provides a special opportunity to learn about Indian health.
Family practice provides many opportunities for research.
Family practitioners are general practitioners.
Family practitioners are now more willing to use SSRIs.
Family practitioners are the starting point of treatment.
Family practitioners provide health care to all family members, regardless of age.
Family practitioners see patients of all ages and both sexes.
Family prayer can greatly increase the unity and solidarity in the family.
Family prayer ensures the building of honest sincere relationships between it's members.
Family preservation is a case in point.
Family preservation is about ensuring that children and youth can remain safely in their own homes.
Family preservation is always the preferred outcome.
Family preservation is one of the most intensively-scrutinized programs in all of child welfare.
Family preservation is the most promising innovation in child welfare in decades.
Family pride is a touchy subject.
Family pride is behind the hospitality lavished on visitors.
Family pride is renewed.
Family quarrels are always more mysterious and more intense than conflicts between strangers.
Family quarrels are the work of a muloi.
Family quarrels lighten up after a discussion on the phone.
Family radios are also limited in range, and have problems with impediments such as buildings.
Family records indicate it was the family church.
Family records provide data of the children.
Family records show that their children then went to North and South Carolina and Tennessee.
Some family records say they went to Union City, Ohio or Ind. Have found no records.
Family relations are off-limits to sex.
A family relationship is a relation
Family relationship can again be harmonious.
Family relationship is neither an aid nor an impediment to employment.
Family relationships are also important.
Family relationships are also in transition.
Family relationships are always tricky, and they make great raw material for drama and comedy.
Family relationships are complicated, and it is normal to experience setbacks along the way.
Family relationships are dynamic and evolving.
Family relationships are extremely powerful elements in a person's life .
Family relationships are human relationships.
Family relationships are probably stronger in Asia than in Western countries.
Family relationships are still important.
Family relationships are strained as women try to keep up with the rigors of two full-time jobs.
Family relationships are the most widely-used avenue to obtain a green card.
Family relationships are the primary criteria for admission.
Family relationships are very important in society.
Family relationships become abusive.
Family relationships can be biological, adoptive, foster, step, and in-law.
Family relationships can be eternal through the sealing power of the priesthood.
Family relationships can break down.
Family relationships continue in the afterlife.
Family relationships dominate, make intelligent concessions.
Family relationships exist superficially amongst high-ranking members of society.
Family relationships fail to nurture and sustain healthy love and acceptance.
Family relationships happen in context.
Family relationships have to be re-established.
Family relationships involve reciprocity, giving when it's needed.
Family relationships provide an ease, a closeness, a deep sense of intimacy.
Family relationships remain intact.
Family resemblance brings comments.
Family restaurant open all year.
Family restaurant serves Canadian cuisine.
Family restrooms are useful for single parents or one parent with several children.
Family reunification continues, and Filipino immigrants now represent a wide range of background.
Family reunification has nothing to do with it.
Family reunification is a fluid and dynamic process.
Family reunification is a primary goal.
Family reunification is a priority in official immigration policy.
Family reunification is important to the general health and well-being of refugees.
Family reunification is nearly impossible as well as a myriad of other social benefits and rights.
Family reunification is provided to children unaccompanied to the United States by their parents.
Family reunification is the primary goal of the residential adolescent program.
Every family reunification seems spiked with sadness about family members who are missing or dead.
Family reunion is included in refugee admissions programme.
Family reunion is outside the quota.
Family reunion is reunion.
Family reunion notices Documents such as group records, newsletter articles, etc.
Family reunion takes away some negative effects of interdiction.
Family reunions are also popular.
Family reunions are another group that can use buttons.
Family reunions are nothing more than a vehicle for telling the family story.
Family reunions are our specialty.
Family reunions are prime time for retelling old stories and enjoying treasured family recipes.
Family reunions are real important but class reunions are also significant.
Family reunions are small.
Family reunions are special times that continually strengthen bonds and traditions.
Family reunions are the best way to get a lot of information.
Family reunions are usually excellent times.
Family reunions can be fascinating.
Family reunions can cause stress for family members.
Family reunions enjoy personalised outdoor programs with activities for everyone.
Family reunions give kids that experience.
Family reunions provide additional opportunities for language learning and teaching.
Family reunions tend to find their orientation in the past and their focus on the way things are.
Family reunions welcome.
Many family reunions have some kind of price per person to cover food, drink, and other costs.
More family reunions please.
A family room is a room
Family room adjoins kitchen and large patio.
Family room boasts vaulted ceilings, fireplace and sliding glass doors to spacious yard.
Family room comes together nicely with oak trim, beams, pillars and archway.
Family room features big screen TV with satellite service.
Family room features gas fireplace.
Family room features wet bar and glass block windows.
Family room flows smoothly into the bright sun room and out onto the multi-level deck.
Family room has a fireplace.
Family room has a gas fireplace.
Family room has a natural fireplace with matching mantle and shelf.
Family room has a nice cozy fireplace.
Family room has a vaulted ceiling, fireplace and palladium window.
Family room has fireplace and built-in shelving.
Family room has fireplace and desk built-ins for computer.
Family room has fireplace and French doors to patio.
Family room has FP with gas logs.
Family room has large floor to ceiling brick fireplace.
Family room has large wood stove.
Family room has lots of additional storage and utility sink.
Family room has pool table, dart board and fireplace.
Family room has private bathroom with tub and shower.
Family room has queen sofa sleeper as well, and there is off-street parking.
Family room has see-through fireplace into the living room.
Family room has see-thru fireplace to bedroom.
Family room has spacious closets providing extra storage.
Family room has walkout to back garden.
Family room includes a vaulted ceiling standard.
Family room is bathed in sunlight.
Family room is new addition.
Family room opens onto deck overlooking well landscaped back yard and pool.
Family room opens onto fully fenced sunny rear yard with plenty of room for kids.
Family room opens to kitchen, log burning fireplace, crown molding and new carpet.
Family Rooms accommodating up to four people are available at no extra charge.
Family rooms are also available and some with own sauna.
Family rooms are also available with a double and single in one room.
Family rooms are also available.
Family rooms are available - prices on request.
Family rooms are available along with ground floor rooms with disabled access.
Family rooms are available and children are made most welcome.
Family rooms are available and there are reduced rates for children sharing adult rooms.
Family rooms are available and there are reduced rates for children sharing adults rooms.
Family rooms are available and there is private parking space.
Family rooms are available by prior arrangement.
Family rooms are available on request.
Family rooms are available with baby listening devices.
Family rooms are available, baby listening intercoms on request.
Family rooms are available, together with cots and highchairs if required.
Family rooms are available.
Family rooms are large rooms.
Family rooms are larger and some have a seperate room for the children.
Family rooms are located in homes.
Family rooms are located in large houses.
Family rooms are part of dwellings.
Family rooms are rooms.
Family rooms are sometimes available.
Family rooms are two rooms that interlead and can be used as a triple or a quad room.
Family rooms are used for family gathering.
Family rooms are used for games.
Family rooms are used for play cards.
Family rooms are used for play games.
Family rooms are used for playing games.
Family rooms are used for reading.
Family rooms can sleep two adults and two children.
Family rooms comprise two queen size beds and are inter-connecting.
Family rooms have a double bed with double sofa bed.
Family rooms have a single or double sofa bed in addition to the double.
Family rooms have a small separate bedroom for up to two children.
Family rooms have a small seperate bedroom for up to two children.
Family rooms have additional sofa and kitchenette with microwave.
Family rooms have clean private bathroom.
Family rooms have furniture.
Family rooms have two queen size beds.
Family rooms offer wood burning fireplaces with marble profile and wood mantle.
Some family rooms are part of bungalows.
Some family rooms are part of castles.
Some family rooms are part of convents.
Some family rooms are part of cottages.
Some family rooms are part of dairies.
Some family rooms are part of farmhouses.
Some family rooms are part of farms.
Some family rooms are part of fireplaces.
Some family rooms are part of houses.
Some family rooms are part of manors.
Some family rooms are part of monasteries.
Some family rooms are part of palaces.
Some family rooms are part of ranches.
Family Rules apply to all users, regardless of their filtering levels.
Family safety Make sure all family members know how to respond after an earthquake.
Most family searches take less than two hours.
Family secrets can change the course of a life.
Family secrets stay family secrets.
Family secrets surface.
Family sedans have four doors.
Family separation increases post-traumatic stress disorders often experienced by refugees.
Family separation is particularly inappropriate for a victim of torture.
Family services are a big part of student success.
Family services are appropriate for all ages.
Family services are pending.
Family services go out to see what people have lost, helping to replace furniture, beds, etc.
Family services is a business, and families in crisis get federal money.
Family services is involved in three of the initiatives.
Family services run concurrently with evening and morning services for each holiday.
Family size begins to decrease as the total fertility rate drops.
Family size can also affect income distribution.
Family size can be any combination of family members.
Family size is an important factor, which leads to how much care is given to individual children.
Family size is larger in remote regions and less-developed areas than in urban and developed areas.
Family size is matched with size of house available.
Family size refers to the number of family members of the survey respondent.
Family size Refers to the number of people in a family.
Family size varies from a single parent with one child to a family of six.
Family sizes range from three to five people, with school-age children.
Family sizes vary, and a department can choose how large a family it can assist adequately.
Family snapshots cover the top of an upright piano.
Family solidarity is of prime important.
Family solidarity is threatened.
Family studies are underway, as well as studies for the pharmacologic prevention of colon cancer.
Family studies can ease parental conflicts.
Family studies indicate a strong genetic component in the disease etiology.
Family studies indicate a strongly inherited tendency to develop Crohn's.
Family studies indicate genetic causes in most cases.
Family studies reveal an increased risk for schizophrenia in relatives of schizophrenic patients.
Family studies suggest an underlying biologic vulnerability.
Family studies suggest that manic depression in particular sometimes runs in families.
Family studies work well when a single gene underlies a disease.
Family study is needed in advance to determine if it is feasible.
Family support can also be beneficial.
Family support can and does work.
Family support can be particularly helpful during difficult times.
Family support can be quite helpful, and is part of most treatment programs.
Family support can come in many forms.
Family support comes in all shapes and sizes.
Family support decreases influence of deviant peers on Hispanic adolescents substance use.
Family support embraces a wide spectrum of approaches to strengthening family functioning.
Family support helps to transform dreams into reality.
Family support includes child support, spousal support, medical support, and educational support.
Family support includes counseling, and referral to community resources.
Family support is a critical component to any community-based support system.
Family support is a given.
Family support is a great asset for students struggling with alcohol and drug abuse problems.
Family support is a key to success for many of the respondents.
Family support is a positive sign to most recruiters.
Family support is a vital antidote to stress, so be sure to relax and talk together.
Family support is about providing the support needed to keep family members connected to each other.
Family support is also important.
Family support is also very important when deciding career and educational plans.
Family support is also very important.
Family support is always an important element in ensuring the success of an overseas mission.
Family support is an ongoing consideration.
Family support is available in the form of individual meetings, family meetings or group support.
Family support is available individually and to groups.
Family support is critical in the lives of all citizens.
Family support is critical to success.
Family support is crucial to the long-term outcome of schizophrenic patients.
Family support is crucial.
Family support is essential.
Family support is extremely important in order for all children to suceed in the academic world.
Family support is extremely important to the success of overseas missions.
Family support is family driven, easy to use, and flexible.
Family support is frequently a natural extension of the family child care service.
Family support is important during and after the time of the initial diagnosis.
Family support is important to make breast-feeding successful.
Family support is important too, counselors say.
Family support is important, and open discussion of feelings is recommended.
Family support is just as important as treatment.
Family support is needed throughout the life span of the individual who is developmentally disabled.
Family support is one of the most critical elements to a student's success.
Family support is the basis of a strong preventative emphasis.
Family support is the building of a partnership between the provider and the parent.
Family support is the initial condition.
Family support is very important to the success of overseas missions.
Family support is very important.
Family support is vital to any home-based business.
Family support is vital to the student's success.
Family support is vital.
Family support means different things to different families.
Family support plays an essential role in connecting communities with marketplaces.
Family support promotes success - dads and grandparents welcome.
Family support refers to services provided to help families keep a member with a disability at home.
Family system is different for each child.
Family systems approach as a means for critical thinking.
Family systems are powerfully stable.
Every family system contains many sub-systems, little alliances or tightly knit circles.
Most family systems fall somewhere in the middle between open and closed.
Family talk says that they live seperatly after some time.
Family theater Find out what treats are in store for families on Houston-area stages .
Family therapists can help schools and families identify at-risk kids.
Family therapists can use marriage counseling techniques.
Family therapists hear about it frequently.
Family therapists understand that families are groups just like other groups in society.
Family therapists use a systems framework to assess and intervene in interaction patterns.
Most family therapists use tracking.
Most family therapists work with the couple together as the primary approach.
Family therapy addresses problems that occur in a family context.
Family therapy approaches with adolescent substance abusers .
Family therapy begins immediately and can continue on an outpatient basis following discharge.
Family therapy can also reduce relapse and re- hospitalization rates for severe mental illness.
Family therapy can also reduce relapse and re-hospitalization rates for severe mental illness.
Family therapy can ameliorate severe sibling rivalry.
Family therapy can be either short or long term.
Family therapy can be extraordinarily beneficial for everyone involved.
Family therapy can be helpful to increase education and understanding among family members.
Family therapy can be helpful.
Family therapy can continue on an out patient basis also.
Family therapy can help close relatives understand and cope with the illness.
Family therapy can restore hope and intimacy.
Family therapy can significantly decrease relapse rates for the schizophrenic family member.
Family therapy can take many different forms.
Family therapy comes of age as a profession.
Family therapy continues as needed and a parent's support group meets once a week.
Family therapy enables families to communicate more effectively and resolve conflicts.
Family therapy focuses on the interactions between family members.
Family therapy goes postmodern.
Family therapy help a couple avoid separation or divorce.
Family therapy helps families understand the disorder and become involved in the patient's recovery.
Family therapy includes discussion and problem-solving sessions with every member of the family.
Family therapy is a terrific resource to help people learn problem solving techniques that work.
Family therapy is a way of working with people with problems.
Family therapy is also helpful in treating some addictions.
Family therapy is an important component, and is scheduled twice monthly whenever possible.
Family therapy is an integral part of the program when reunification is planned.
Family therapy is an integral part of the program.
Family therapy is an integral part of treatment.
Family therapy is available for an additional fee.
Family therapy is extremely important for teens with eating disorders.
Family therapy is group psychotherapy
Family therapy is group therapy.
Family therapy is important to help educate relatives.
Family therapy is more useful for individuals living at home than for others.
Family therapy is much cheaper than paying divorce lawyers.
Family therapy is often helpful to assist relatives in coping with the affected individual.
Family therapy is usually unnecessary and inappropriate.
Family therapy occurs on a regular basis and is geared to each individual family's needs.
Family therapy presumes total dominance of the system.
Family therapy teaches the whole family how to change self-defeating patterns.
Family ties are a topic of enduring interest the world over, and Japan is no exception.
Family ties are as valuable as communal ties in the barrio community.
Family ties are badly strained and family member are forced to choose sides.
Family ties are being strained, a pall is cast over the whole city.
Family ties are important to Pollock.
Family ties are important.
Family ties are really important, too.
Family ties are strong and each person is made to feel wanted and important.
Family ties are strong here.
Family ties are strong, often with relations on both sides of the border.
Family ties are strong.
Family ties are the high point for today.
Family ties are tight in our rural setting.
Family ties are tight, but money has snapped the strings of many a familial relationship.
Family ties are very close.
Family ties are very important in Northern Ireland.
Family ties are very important to the Tatars.
Family ties are very important.
Family ties are very strong and nearly sacred.
Family ties are very strong, extending to the most distant relatives.
Family ties are very strong.
Family ties can also be important.
Family ties can reduce crime and save tax dollars.
Family ties endure because of sealings in the temple.
Family ties enter a slow period of readjustment.
Family ties give unity and strength.
Family ties help a person have greater love for others.
Family ties help.
Family ties involve life-long attachment, emotional closeness and economic dependency.
Family ties is the number one reason employees reject a transfer.
Family ties play an important role in Viper's motivation and actions.
Family ties remain strong throughout the first year.
Family time gives people a chance to explore the fun side of Vermont history.
Family time has to be counted too.
Family time is a lot more pleasant.
Family time is also important.
Family time is as important as the bottom line.
Family time is hard to find, but extremely important.
Family time is important but so is couple time.
Family time is important.
Family time is the best time.
Family time is tied with education for first place on the teens' list of concerns.
Family time is tied with education for first place on the teens list of concerns.
Family time is too precious to be squandered on TV shows.
Family time is very liberal.
Family time runs counter to the hyper-individualism of our age.
Family time spent at the nearest park can feature fun-filled activities for everyone.
Family time suffers.
Family times are too often rare or non existent.
Family tradition can have a powerful effect in shaping attitudes toward giving.
Family tradition continues at university.
Family tradition contributes to life.
Family tradition contributes to long life.
Family tradition has it the loot was printed up solely for friendly poker games.
Family tradition holds that the family went from Switzerland to Germany.
Family tradition is a part of folklore.
Family tradition is another reason some vegetarians choose to live their particular lifestyle.
Family tradition says it was love at first sight.
Family tradition says that they blew up the railroad bridge just about one mile west of here.
Family tradition says they are related.
Family tradition states possible immigration to South America.
Family tradition states that Fanny ran away from a boarding school in Louisville, Kentucky to marry.
Family tradition states that they had sold some precious jewels to raise the money.
Family tradition suggests that they came at the same time.
Family traditions are an important part of the holidays.
Family traditions are full of wisdom sayings.
Family traditions are important.
Family traditions are nothing new for the lacrosse team.
Family traditions are one thing that can always be counted on.
Family traditions are the blocks to make special family moments.
Family traditions are to be treated only as clues until substantiated.
Family traditions are very different.
Family traditions can be a rich source of such memory-building.
Family traditions can be hard to break.
Family traditions have a way of eliciting powerful memories.
Family traditions help establish and strengthen faith.
Many family traditions are greatly exaggerated or completely fabricated.
Most family tradition contributes to life.
Most family tradition contributes to long life.
A family tree is a clan
Family tree is a diversified site for the inclusion of family and genealogy related web sites.
Family tree is absent.
Family tree is located on the web.
Family tree Try to take a family tree to display.
Family trees are a timeless heirloom.
Family trees are history.
Family trees are more like a mangrove swamp.
Family trees are notoriously difficult to show on web pages.
Family trees are trees.
Family trees provide seeds.
Family trees range from one family to several generations covering many pages.
Family trees show the genealogy of the earliest patriarchs.
Family trees work both upward and downward.
Any family tree produces lemons, nuts, and a few bad apples.
Any family tree produces some lemons, nuts and bad apples.
Any family tree produces some lemons, some nuts and a few bad apples.
Every family tree has some sap in it.
Most family trees provide seeds.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, but some just have a bunch of nuts.
Family trips are possible and easy to arrange.
Family trips can be a lot of fun, but they're also a lot of work.
Family trips take slow and meandering routes with some occasional, brief thrills.
Family trouble is thought to have caused the rash act.
Family trusts provide a strategy for income splitting.
Family unification is at the heart of U.S. immigration law.
A family unit is a clan
Family unit is center of service delivery system.
Family units are available for women and children age five and under.
Family units are available.
Family units are one of our specialties with two-room units.
Family units are per four.
Family units are two connecting cottages with one king bed connecting to two doubles.
Family units can accommodate a maximum of two children under twelve.
Family units comprise related adult cows and their immature offspring.
Family units maintain year-round exclusive territories.
Family units sleep up to six people and all units are serviced daily.
Every family unit is uniform and prescribed according to the community leaders.
Family vacations are also essential and can be very healing.
Family vacations are awesome.
Family vacations are great.
Family vacations are one of our most requested services.
Family vacations are our specialty.
Family vacations are still available at all budget levels, but time is running short.
Family vacations are under way.
Family vacations are wonderful times, but they do have their tedious moments.
Family vacations are wonderful.
Family vacations can be a real drag.
Family vacations can be a very memorable experience.
Family vacations center around outdoor adventures.
Family Vacations Get ready to hit the road.
Family vacations provide a natural opportunity for children to learn many things.
Family values apply.
Family Values are a combination of all the Values of family members, their traditions and culture.
Family values are a personal credo.
Family values are a prominent focus of our vision, as is partnership among organizations.
Family values are a strong point in Minnesota.
Family values are at stake.
Family values are at the root of America's greatness.
Family values are extremely important for the relationship.
Family values are good.
Family values are important in the Indian tradition.
Family values are important to both the manager and the worker.
Family values are no bargain.
Family values are our greatest resource.
Family values are powerful amongst a lot of people around the world.
Family values are the true check against crime.
Family values are too much overlooked today.
Family values are, after all, the coin of the conservative realm.
Family values disappear on one side, and the work ethic disappears on the other.
Family values is a hot topic.
Family values is a specific thing.
Family values is a vague term that at one point in time sort of meant something.
Family values is a variable with dynamic impact.
Family values is primarily a religious issue.
Family values matter very much and are to be maintained.
Family values represent a great dividing line between the parties.
Family values run high.
Family values speak for themselves.
Family values top the list of several Fulton employees.
Family videos are also available for check out.
Family violence affects children from every income level, race and religion.
Family Violence can be a state-approved exemption category if states choose.
Family violence can happen anywhere, to anyone.
Family violence can happen at any time, to anyone.
Family violence crosses all racial, ethnic, geographic, religious, and socio-economic boundaries.
Family violence does violence to our hopes and dreams.
Family violence elicits very strong feelings.
Family violence exists, and the danger to victims of family violence is exacerbated in a separation.
Family violence hurts everyone.
Family violence impacts everyone.
Family violence includes both physical assault and emotional abuse.
Family violence includes child abuse, domestic violence, and elder abuse and neglect.
Family violence includes emotional, psychological, physical, sexual and financial abuse.
Family violence is a complex issue with a diverse set of causes.
Family violence is a complex problem for which there appears to be many casual factors.
Family violence is a crime against all family members.
Family violence is a crime.
Family violence is a human development issue.
Family violence Is a human development Issue.
Family violence is a human rights issue.
Family violence is a leadership issue.
Family violence is a learned behavior that can be prevented.
Family violence is a problem that pervades all of society.
Family violence is a result of power imbalances within the family, community, and society.
Family violence is a serious problem in our society.
Family violence is a very complicated phenomena.
Family violence is a very serious problem in our society.
Family violence is an escalating problem.
Family violence is another area where more answers are needed.
Family violence is another indicator of youth violence.
Family violence is any violence by one family member against another family member.
Family violence is believed to be the most common, yet least reported, crime in the country.
Family violence is hard thing to go through.
Family violence is more traumatic for most children than street violence.
Family violence is often a learned behavior from childhood.
Family violence is often a well-kept secret.
Family violence is on the increase in all segments of society, and affects everyone.
Family violence is one of the most important contributing factors for future violence.
Family violence is one of the most insidious forms of violence against women.
Family violence is one of the most serious social problems today.
Family violence is scary.
Family violence is the mistreatment of one family member by another.
Family violence is the most common and least reported crime in America.
Family violence is the most unreported crime in our nation.
Family violence is transmitted through generations of learning.
Family violence is unjust.
Family violence leads to delinquency and other societal problems.
Family violence manifests itself in a number of ways.
Family violence needs to end.
Family violence occurs at least one in two-thirds of marriages, and among all races and classes.
Family violence occurs in all ethnic, economic, racial and social groups.
Family violence seems to be more common than most people think.
Family violence spills over into the community and affects all of our families.
Family violence tends to be repeated over many generations.
Family violence touches one-fourth of all American families.
All family violence has the potential of inflicting psychological and physical harm.
Most family violence is committed against women.
Family Voices Can Help.
Family voices have some similarities.
Family voices offers a comprehensive publications list.
Family worship encourages order and structure.
Family worship is a means by which the complete family can pray together .
Family worship is a most amiable and becoming thing when performed according to truth .
Family worship is a regular reminder of the one thing most needful.
Family worship is a test of the faith of parents and the reality of religion.
Family worship is closely related to catechetical instruction.
Family worship is encouraged during the evening worship service.
Family worship is important.
Family worship is the most important obligation of a Christian father.
Family worship is the natural outcome of such a view.
Family worship means that parents worship through the involvement of their children.
Family worship promotes peace and unity.
A family is an unit
Families abound, and families expand.
Families abound, but so do downtown types at lunch time.
Families accept that pregnancy and birth are inherently risky to some degree.
Families accounts of the causal processes in food choice.
Families achieve their goals.
Families acquire multiple phones and add line extensions-shared access.
Families actually live at the market, sleeping there while the rest of the family harvests the crop.
Families adapt to aquatic environments.
Families adapt to environments.
Families adopting through private agencies are eligible.
Families adore Aruba.
Families affect and are affected by the global society in which they live.
Families affected by rare diseases lack information and means to end their isolation.
Families agree that blame is a major stumbling block to seeking and receiving support.
Families allow children.
Families Allow employees the time to go to schools to pass on their knowledge.
Families also attend educational workshops.
Families also benefit by getting much needed respite .
Families also benefit from a top-rated school system.
Families also benefit from contact with the volunteer as they wait for news of their loved one.
Families also benefit from the per-child tax credit included in the bill.
Families also can attend open house at any other schools that they are interested in.
Families also can get special rates with children.
Families also can go walking or turn on music and dance instead of watching television.
Families also can use the guide to evaluate their own TV-viewing habits.
Families also can use the school library and computer lab for enrichment and remediation.
Families also contribute to the purchase of private health insurance.
Families also develop excellent supportive skills and understanding.
Families also engage in private mourning rituals that extend beyond the funeral and burial period.
Families also enjoy campfire activities like singing and storytelling.
Families also enjoy camping in the summer.
Families also enjoy the popular dolphin cruises offered by several tour operators.
Families also experience change.
Families also experience crossover effects .
Families also feel guilty because they are unable to care for the patient.
Families also find themselves to be very busy despite all the modern conveniences.
Families also gain knowledge about the earth's delicate ecology through shared experiences.
Families also gather for service projects both within the church and in our local community.
Families also get a discount.
Families also get help with child care and transportation.
Families also give men purpose and direction.
Families also have a role in impacting the system.
Families also have a unique view of the strengths and weaknesses of the service system.
Families also have access to a food bank, clothing, housewares and transportation assistance.
Families also have access to various support groups.
Families also have an opportunity to host students for an extended stay during the winter break.
Families also have emotional needs.
Families also have many more possessions.
Families also have many strengths.
Families also have several opportunities during the year to have recreational swims in the pool.
Families also have significant needs when helping an impaired family member.
Families also have the option of retaining an attorney of their choice.
Families also have to make different kinds of adjustments to raise children.
Families also learn from each other and form supportive relationships.
Families also make up our communities, which become our larger, extended families.
Families also raise goats, sheep, chickens, and bees for their milk, wool, meat, and honey.
Families also receive a post-high newsletter highlighting important dates throughout the year.
Families also receive assistance in locating and accessing community resources.
Families also remember the deaths of loved ones who have passed.
Families also reside in separate buildings in the complex.
Families also respond to public school quality through their housing choices.
Families also sign up to provide daily snacks in the classrooms.
Families also spend a little time reading and reflecting on the upcoming meeting's materials.
Families also stand to be benefit from telehealth.
Families also stay longer than the average guest.
Families also support each other through all life s stuff.
Families also tend to have similar habits, although habits can be changed.
Families also use the space to review the handbook of policies.
Families also worry about oversight.
Families appear to be impacted the most when considering nutrition services.
Families apply for admission during an application process and are selected by lottery.
Families apply to the fund for help paying the cost of Catholic school tuition for their children.
Families appreciate knowing, in gentle language, what is going on during the code.
Families appreciate our concern and assistance at a stressful time in their lives.
Families appreciate that.
Families appreciate the reasonably priced lift tickets and equipment rentals.
Families are a blessing.
Families are a child's first teacher in life.
Families are a common sight at the ticketed indoor concerts as well.
Families are a complex network of interactions.
Families are a critical influence in the lives of adults with mental retardation.
Families are a crucial component in the movement toward self-determination.
Families are a great help when they express their feelings about their loved ones.
Families are a great source of tradition, but so are offices.
Families are a great thing.
Families are a group that include boys and girls.
Families are a key component to our success.
Families are a large part of our church.
Families are a maximum of six members per household.
Families are a primary source of strength and support for a sick child.
Families are a priority for the company, too.
Families are a significant market for most resorts, tourist destinations.
Families are a vital part of surgical patients recovery.
Families are a welcome part of city life.
Families are able to access strategies that have worked with other children with the syndrome.
Families are able to choose among such facilities.
Families are able to grow their own food.
Families are able to have a very nice living in Wis. with moderate incomes.
Families are able to pay for their child's future college education at today's price.
Families are able to stay together in a home-like atmosphere for little or no charge.
Families are able to strengthen relationships with youth through improved communication skills.
Families are able to use the main rooms downstairs to visit or sit and listen to the stereo.
Families are about emotion.
Families are about teamwork and communication.
Families are about togetherness, and sharing common problems.
Families are accustomed to watching TV as a group for entertainment.
Families are afraid to bring their children for fear they'll fall through.
Families are afraid to go outside.
Families are all different.
Families are all that most men have.
Families are also concerned about quality of education.
Families are also eligible.
Families are also incubators for awareness.
Families are also responsible for park admission.
Families are also to remain on the opposite side of the field as the players.
Families are also very welcome.
Families are also welcome and children instinctively head for the outdoor playground on warmer days.
Families are also welcome in meetings.
Families are also welcome to call.
Families are also welcome to have meals with the residents, free of charge.
Families are also welcome to watch the surf bums fill their brain up with more water .
Families are also welcome.
Families are always a subset of the society of which they are a part.
Families are always encouraged.
Families are always the best stewards of their own money.
Families are always welcome and cribs are available upon request.
Families are always welcome and prices are modest.
Families are always welcome at our inn.
Families are always welcome at the office.
Families are always welcome on American campuses.
Families are always welcome, no matter what the hour.
Families are always welcome.
Families are an essential factor in the overall readiness and well being of our armed forces.
Families are an essential part of a child s education and development.
Families are an important and integral part of each patient's rehabilitation.
Families are an important influence on whether their teenagers become pregnant or cause pregnancy.
Families are an important part of all of our lives.
Families are an important part of orientation.
Families are an important part of our mental health program.
Families are an important site for the spread of influenza viruses.
Families are an integral part of our educational team.
Families are an integral part of our treatment philosophy.
Families are an integral part of the organization and the caregiving team.
Families are an integral part of the students' programs.
Families are an integral part of the treatment process.
Families are an interconnected system of relationships.
Families are association.
Families are at high risk.
Families are at risk after a suicide.
Families are at risk of being torn apart.
Families are at the center of social life in India, with the nurturing of children at the core.
Families are at the heart of a restorative justice approach to corrections.
Families are available right now and ready to adopt a needy child.
Families are barriers to many organ donations, study finds.
Families are better off as they enter the work force and trade a paycheck for a welfare check.
Families are both private and public institutions.
Families are busy decorating their homes.
Families are busy with shopping and little children are eagerly waiting to see Santa.
Families are by far the most important providers of preschool services.
Families are can access various supports including respite.
Families are capable.
Families are care-giving institutions.
Families are carriage.
Families are central to a child's development.
Families are children's first and most significant teachers.
Families are clearly the best vehicle for providing loving and caring relationships.
Families are cohesive and nurturing.
Families are cohesive groups of females and their young.
Families are complicated, messy and primal.
Families are concerned about being heard in the legislature.
Families are considerably smaller now, but the habit stuck.
Families are coordinated sets of graphics.
Families are crazy, sometimes.
Families are critical in the physical, emotional, spiritual, and social development of children.
Families are cross-referenced with older and younger generations.
Families are crucial to successful school reform.
Families are delighted and surprised by the delicious results.
Families are delighted.
Families are desperate, vulnerable, hoping against hope.
Families are determined by anatomical features and breeding peculiarities.
Families are determined to start the process of rebuilding.
Families are Different .
Families Are Different .
Families are different all around the world.
Families are different in some ways.
Families are different in the United States.
Families are different, so there is no one approach that is perfect for everyone.
Families are different.
Families Are Different.
Families are difficult to nurture and protect in our society.
Families are disrupted, corporations are crippled, and millions are left disabled.
Families are distraught, lives are ruined.
Families are diverse.
Families are divided, some members are able to stay in East Jerusalem and others kept out.
Families are divided.
Families are divorced.
Families are dysfunctional.
Families are eager to share what they are learning.
Families are economically and emotionally strained.
Families are eligible based on their income.
Families are eligible regardless of creed or ethnic heritage.
Families are embarrassed.
Families are encouraged to use grocery scrip, it is the easiest way to earn money points.
Families are endlessly fascinating.
Families are enriched.
Families are especially fond of holidays and the summer on the lake.
Families are especially hard hit.
Families are especially welcome and family rates available on request.
Families are especially welcome.
Families are essentia l to our existence.
Families are essential to all the research being done.
Families are ever less nuclear.
Families are everywhere.
Families are expensive.
Families are family units.
Families are far more fragmented and disconnected.
Families are far too diverse and dynamic to be pigeon-holed or strictly defined.
Families are fewer and re-arranged.
Families are for one another.
Families Are Forever .
Families are forever.
Families are Forever.
Families are free to come and go as they please.
Families are free to spend more time together while learning together.
Families are free to write their own letters, and many routinely do so.
Families are frequent visitors and enjoy a congenial atmosphere.
Families are frequently available for teaching.
Families are full members of health care teams, participating in all decisions.
Families are full partners in coordinated, team-oriented decision making.
Families are fun to be around.
Families are fundamental to the lifeblood and strength of our country and world.
Families are fundamental to the lifeblood and strength of our world.
Families are gathered under orders, or in some cases, into superfamilies under the orders.
Families are generally large, with an average of six children per family.
Families are good because they are loving and caring.
Families are good things.
Families are groupings of species with similar features.
Families are groups of interdependent persons.
Families are groups of light fixtures that match in style and finish.
Families are groups of people who love each other.
Families are groups of people.
Families are groups that are brought together by common bonds and look out for each other.
Families are groups.
Families are hard to say anything to.
Families are head by biological parents.
Families are head by parents.
Families are healthier and happier.
Families are here to stay.
Families are here too.
Families are highly interdependent.
Families are hostages on their own property.
Families are huge .
Families are human groups of extreme complexity.
Families are imperfect.
Families are important because they are children's first teachers.
Families are important educators of their children.
Families are important for several reasons.
Families are important in our society today.
Families are important members of the planning team for people of all ages.
Families are important sources of support and guidance for children.
Families are important to offenders.
Families are important to the bby gals.
Families are important, and a vital part of society.
Families are important, courts are important, but children are our primary focus.
Families are important.
Families are in a hurry to get to work and get to school and corners end up getting cut.
Families are in conflict today.
Families are in contact with the school and students are going home at the family's convenience.
Families are in contact with the student at least three or four times during the semester.
Families are in crisis, emotionally and financially.
Families are in crisis.
Families are in danger.
Families are in disarray across the entire socio-economic spectrum.
Families are in for a treat.
Families are in involved in short and simple award and recognition ceremonies.
Families are in it together, and they actually have time together.
Families are in no way financially responsible for students.
Families are in numerical order.
Families are in tension.
Families are in the minority.
Families are increasingly busier.
Families are increasingly mobile and lack information about immunizations.
Families are increasingly the primary caregiver, and in too many cases, the sole caregiver.
Families are inexact composites and some dates are approximate.
Families are interested in more than cause of death.
Families are interracial, multiracial, intergenerational, gay and straight.
Families are just too personal.
Families are key in shaping values and behaviors of our future leaders.
Families are kin.
Families are large and it is a growing population.
Families are large and poor and are absorbed as a unit into the industry on subsistence wages.
Families are large and several generations often share a house with extended kin.
Families are large and tend to live in small, overcrowded houses.
Families are large, on average, consisting of five people.
Families are large, young people attending school away from home, live with their distant relatives.
Families are largely two-parents.
Families are less likely to help financially because resources are stretched too thin.
Families are like a business.
Families are like fudge . . .
Families are like fudge mostly sweet with a few nuts.
Families are like fudge, mostly sweet, with a few nuts.
Families are like tapestry and mosaics.
Families are like that too.
Families are like that.
Families are lineage.
Families are located in funerals.
Families are located in houses.
Families are located in parks.
Families are located in supermarkets.
Families are located in weddings.
Families are low income and the majority are Spanish speaking only.
Families are made of relatives.
Families are middle and upper middle class by Mexican standard.
Families are middle and upper middle class by Mexican standards.
Families are more and more asked to sort out their rubbish.
Families are more and more likely to eat separately and at different hours.
Families are more comfortable there than other coffee houses in town.
Families are more concerned about their economic security than about their tax burden.
Families are more isolated today than ever before.
Families are more likely to accept separations in times of war than during peaceful assignments.
Families are more likely to have unmet medical needs after leaving welfare.
Families are more mobile and more likely to be affected by family separations or divorce.
Families are more mobile than ever.
Families are more socialistic, more emotionally based, less task based.
Families are more than just names.
Families are more than welcome.
Families are more transient, there is less a sense of community as support structure.
Families are most welcome with reductions for children.
Families are most welcome.
Families are mostly female with one adult male.
Families are much better than orphanages.
Families are much more mobile.
Families are much more than room-mates or neighbors.
Families are much smaller and the toy chests are bigger.
Families are no longer able to maintain a comfortable living on one minimum wage income.
Families are no longer concerned with just getting wet.
Families are no longer just a mom, a dad, and kids.
Families are no longer mom, dad, kids and a dog.
Families are now diverse in nature.
Families are now more like variations on a theme.
Families are now smaller than they used to be.
Families are numerous.
Families are obviously important sources of social capital everywhere.
Families are obviously the ones who suffer most.
Families are of primary importance in children's development.
Families are off to the park, lake or museum.
Families are often apart.
Families are often appalled at how their loved ones are treated.
Families are often at a loss when they have an alcoholic or addict in their midst.
Families are often concerned about memory changes in older adults.
Families are often divided over how best to care for elderly and incompetent relatives.
Families are often far away, or estranged.
Families are often reluctant to discuss the hereditary aspects of the dlsease.
Families are often reluctant to travel great distances to attend church.
Families are often the first to raise concerns about their child's development.
Families are often the site where cultural practices are passed down in living form.
Families are often the source of their own healing.
Families are often unable to provide adequate daycare for their children.
Families are on the road for more time and more often, which means less time around their kids.
Families are one of the most significant contexts of Christian discipleship.
Families are one thing, but adding people in the community adds context.
Families are Oregon's most important and constant care providers for individuals with special needs.
Families are our focus for our employees as well as the community.
Families are our focus.
Families are our greatest strength.
Families are our heart in other ways as well.
Families are our heart, and when they are hurting, our heart is broken.
Families are our most prevalent institution, and often the most misunderstood.
Families are our most prized community asset and support is essential.
Families are our primary focus.
Families are our specialty - suited for children of all ages.
Families are Our specialty.
Families are part of order.
Families are part of the health care team.
Families are part of the solution to the problems that young people face.
Families are particularly welcome.
Families are partners in policy, planning, and treatment.
Families are partners in the education of their children.
Families are people.
Families are perfect.
Families are preferred.
Families are prepared for the legal process of adoption.
Families are problematic.
Families are reluctant to seek help.
Families are rent asunder and new loves are found.
Families are resources to their own members, to other families, to programs, and to communities.
Families are responsible for all travel, food and lodging expenses.
Families are responsible for any remaining balance unpaid by insurers.
Families are responsible for getting their children to school.
Families are responsible for interviewing and selecting their own tutors.
Families are responsible for making their own overnight arrangements.
Families are responsible for making their student's transportation arrangements.
Families are responsible for medical expenses in excess of policy limits.
Families are responsible for observing, screening, selecting and paying for their own child-care.
Families are responsible for paying their own fuel and water bills.
Families are responsible for seeking payment from managed care systems.
Families are responsible for the costs.
Families are responsible for the creation, nurturing and building up of the next generation.
Families are responsible for their children.
Families are responsible for their own rooms and cleaning up after themselves in the common areas.
Families are responsible for their own travel, hotel, home study, etc.
Families are responsible for transportation to and from classes.
Families are safe from domestic violence.
Families are scattered, job pressures are intense, schedules are tight.
Families are schools of moral learning, but they are more than that.
Families are selective in their child care choices.
Families are small and scattered, the divorce rate is high, and people move around a lot.
Families are small socialist societies.
Families are small, intimate, persisting groups of adults and children.
Families are smaller and family members are more likely to live far away.
Families are smaller and tend less to stick to ranching alone.
Families are smaller than in the past.
Families are smaller, and children take up a good portion of the family income each month.
Families are smaller, especially in the cities.
Families are smaller, more diverse, more complex, and less stable.
Families are smaller, more urban and suburban than ever.
Families are smaller, some because they choose careers over children.
Families are smaller.
Families are so complex that it is impossible for any one theory to explain everything.
Families are so important for patients who are ill, regardless of the disease.
Families are something they ve been steadily distancing themselves from for years.
Families are sometimes surprised to think of themselves as advocates for their family member.
Families are sort of like a flock of geese.
Families are special.
Families are still able to get away from it all and spend relaxing time together.
Families are still able to hold on to tradition and enjoy all the things the holiday season brings.
Families are still safer without any gun in the house, they say.
Families are still the best vehicle for raising children.
Families are still vitally important.
Families are still welcome at both locations.
Families are strong advocates and push for collaboration.
Families are strong when they have the abilities and confidence to nurture their children.
Families are stronger when fathers are actively and consistently in their children's lives.
Families are stronger, so people get more support there.
Families are subject to domination at work, where workers are considered expendable.
Families are such a special part of the wedding ceremony.
Families are swords.
Families are systems in which each member affects, and is affected by, every other member.
Families are systems that exist in and are affected by larger systems in society.
Families are the backbone of our society and the foundation of community life.
Families are the backbone of society.
Families are the basic unit of society.
Families are the bedrock of all societies.
Families are the bedrock of society.
Families are the best cover and make the best traders.
Families are the best source of support.
Families are the building blocks of society.
Families are the building blocks of the larger community in which they live.
Families are the building blocks to a strong nation.
Families are the center of children's lives.
Families are the center of faith formation.
Families are the chief buyers.
Families are the child's primary source of support and act as their first teachers.
Families are the constants in the child's life and are pivotal in making any system work.
Families are the core of America.
Families are the core of any health system .
Families are the core of any health system.
Families are the cornerstone of a healthy society.
Families are the cornerstone of America and of our future.
Families are the cornerstones of all societies.
Families are the essence of a civilized society.
Families are the fastest growing segment of the homeless population.
Families are the first and usually the best providers for their children's health and welfare.
Families are the first caregivers for children.
Families are the first to experience the disease, and the last to recover.
Families are the foundation of a nation.
Families are the foundation of American life.
Families are the foundation of every society.
Families are the foundation of our community.
Families are the foundation of our society.
Families are the greatest natural resource available to an individual.
Families are the infant s primary support system and are partners in care.
Families are the keepers of our springs.
Families are the key.
Families are the largest residential provider in the state.
Families are the main caregivers for their child with asthma.
Families are the major producers and consumers of goods and services.
Families are the major providers of long term care in the United States.
Families are the major providers of support, care, and love.
Families are the missing piece.
Families are the most effective and economical system for rearing children and nurturing adults.
Families are the most important influence on the education of their children.
Families are the most important unit in society.
Families are the number one purchasers of both canoes and kayaks, excluding whitewater kayaks.
Families are the ones who suffer the most.
Families are the only constant team member during their children's school careers.
Families are the primary caregivers for children with brain injuries.
Families are the primary decision makers regarding their children.
Families are the primary educators of their children.
Families are the primary influence in the lives of their children.
Families are the primary providers of care for adults with developmental disabilities.
Families are the primary providers of care for their own members.
Families are the primary source of love, joy, warmth and togetherness in our lives.
Families are the primary source of vocations.
Families are the primary teachers of their children.
Families are the scene of most murders, really.
Families are the seat of power for women, is a persistent myth.
Families are the soil for growing good people.
Families are the stage on which such skills are practiced.
Families are the strongest link in the social network.
Families are the training ground for eternity.
Families are the ultimate consumers of child care.
Families are the very fibre of our nation.
Families are the vital link the values of in creating healthy, non-violent communities.
Families are thefirst, the primary, and the lifelong point of reference and reality forchildren.
Families are their children's primary caregivers and educators and their lifelong advocates.
Families are their first consideration.
Families are therefore, the incubator for the seeds of world peace.
Families are tight and complex social structures.
Families are to be encouraged and directed in their love and duties at home.
Families are to be involved in all aspects of planning and delivery of services to that family.
Families are traditionally patriarchal, patrilineal, and patrilocal.
Families are troubled.
Families are truly the cornerstone of society.
Families are two or more persons, living in a household, related by blood, marriage or adoption.
Families are unaware leftover body parts of loved ones are sold to biomedical interests.
Families are under more pressure, and have lives that are so busy.
Families are under pressure.
Families are under stress.
Families are under tremendous pressure today from many quarters.
Families are unique.
Families are united.
Families are units.
Families are usually either happy or relieved to be here.
Families are usually small, and descent is recognized through the father's line.
Families are valuable partners in a child's education.
Families are very close, and they stay close.
Families are very important.
Families are very much a part of campus life.
Families are very proud of it.
Families are very proud of their property.
Families are very vital to the success of our school community.
Families are very welcome, - a cot and highchair are available.
Families are very welcome.
Families are vital to our parish.
Families are vital.
Families are weaker in America than in any other country.
Families are welcome and a child cot can be provided upon request.
Families are welcome and assistance is provided for school fees at international private schools.
Families are welcome and children are invited to attend.
Families are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Families are welcome and encouraged to come.
Families are welcome and invited to bring their favorite lawn chairs.
Families are welcome and smoking is permitted.
Families are welcome and there is regular live music.
Families are welcome any time day or night.
Families are welcome any time.
Families are welcome at all services and there are weekly children's groups.
Families are welcome at any other time on tour, but at the player's cost.
Families are welcome at any time of the day or night.
Families are welcome at The Beef Baron.
Families are welcome but guests are usually couples or singles.
Families are welcome but please leave the pets at home.
Families are welcome during the day, as there is space to play soccer or some other sports.
Families are welcome during tourist season.
Families are welcome each year at the reunion even after the recipient child has passed away.
Families are welcome here.
Families are welcome in the cottage.
Families are welcome in their restaurant areas and conversation is the order of the day.
Families are welcome on all outings.
Families are welcome or any group of four people or less.
Families are welcome to attend any of the classes listed below .
Families are welcome to attend any of the classes listed below.
Families are welcome to attend any of the foreign language classes as a group.
Families are welcome to attend program orientations before the students depart.
Families are welcome to attend star parties.
Families are welcome to attend.
Families are welcome to borrow the video free of charge.
Families are welcome to bring a picnic and enjoy the festivities.
Families are welcome to bring out a blanket and lawn chairs to enjoy the evening activities.
Families are welcome to bring their children for the screening.
Families are welcome to come after troop meetings to discuss any matters concerning their daughters.
Families are welcome to come and enjoy the other activities besides soccer.
Families are welcome to come for a time of home grown fun.
Families are welcome to come with their Kids.
Families are welcome to enjoy a quiet rural setting with beautiful views.
Families are welcome to enjoy our year round facilities, including our petting zoo.
Families are welcome to fish the remainder of the day.
Families are welcome to join the new members at the sorority house.
Families are welcome to march, and last year some families marched with their children.
Families are welcome to request separate descriptive materials about financial aid.
Families are welcome to stay at arrival for as long as they have time, and to visit at any time.
Families are welcome to stop by for the festivities.
Families are welcome to take photos following the ceremony.
Families are welcome to the festival.
Families are welcome to volunteer to work together as a group.
Families are welcome to volunteer together.
Families are welcome to worship together.
Families are welcome with special arrangements.
Families are welcome with the a minimum age of twelve.
Families are welcome, and no experience is necessary.
Families are welcome, and there is a safely-enclosed playground for children.
Families are welcome, as children are needed to help decorate gift bags.
Families are welcome, with reduced rates for children.
Families are welcome, with some guidelines.
Families are welcome.
Families are well catered for and our children's room has a pool table and video machines.
Families are where it' s at.
Families are where social reproduction takes place.
Families are work, and most of the work gets done by women.
Families are worried about building a future for their children.
Families are, at best, tolerable.
Families are, by their very nature, a relatively powerless constituency.
Families are, however, strongly encouraged to take advantage of both.
Families are, in sum ''the first and irreplaceable school of social life.
Families are, of course, also welcome to eat at a local restaurant.
Families argue, neighbors come to blows, countries lob weapons at each other.
Families arrive . . . .
Families arrive at the competition with their children, dogs, coolers and beach chairs.
Families arrive in town from all over the country.
Families ask about the recreational facilities and schools.
Families assemble around a fire throwing prasad and coconut in the fire.
Families attend a one-hour workshop with their children.
Families attend church in the morning and celebrate in the afternoon.
Families attend church services and midnight supper, then children play in the moonlight.
Families attend for a week at a time.
Families attend mass and in-home festivities.
Families attend one two-hour class session.
Families attend the beginning of the service together.
Families attend the patient's treatment sessions for instruction and education in patient care.
Families attend the weekly, four hour sessions together.
Families attend therapy sessions once a week.
Families bake our communion bread.
Families bear the cost of services.
Families bear the major responsibility for such care.
Families become friends and support one another by sharing ideas and information.
Families become friends.
Families become involved because of the values, ideals, and safe environment of Scouting.
Families become more and more isolated.
Families become more connected.
Families become more mobile.
Families become more self-sufficient.
Families become non existent.
Families become self-sufficient by leaving or avoiding public assistance and entering employment.
Families become self-sufficient.
Families become the little church when accepting their role in faith development and practice.
Families begin because of a love relationship between man and woman.
Families benefit by receiving a comprehensive research evaluation report.
Families benefit from the strong sense of community found here.
Families benefit in many ways.
Families blend into other families to form a community.
Families book more and more cruise vacations with children.
Families borrow the software, books, manipulative and activity guides for three weeks.
Families bottle up feelings.
Families break apart for all sorts of reasons.
Families break down.
Families break up and lives are confused.
Families break up over the issue.
Families break up, which usually only exacerbates the economic problems, especially for the woman.
Families break up.
Families bring cameras.
Families bring food and drink and sit down to share a meal and celebrate with their dearly departed.
Families bring in elderly members and ask questions about available sources of help.
Families bring kids, bikes, dogs, and cats.
Families bring offerings of fruits, flowers, incense, wood, and money for the rituals.
Families bring overflowing baskets of flowers, and children offer food and presents to the monks.
Families bring peace to the world.
Families bring picnics and enjoy each other's company.
Families bring the banks to the front during the offering.
Families bring their own bed linens and towels.
Families bring their own food and drinks, and an area with tables and chairs is available nearby.
Families bring their own food, blankets and drinks.
Families bring their own food, cook their own meals, come and go on their own time schedules.
Families bring warm blankets, a telescope and a musical instrument, if they play.
Families browse historical exhibits, antiques, collectibles and war memorabilia.
Families browse historical exhibits, antiques, collectibles, and war memorabilia.
Families build a family house to represent individual family values.
Families build businesses at small airports and send their children off to aviation colleges.
Families build our society and drive our economy.
Families build places.
Families built on solid, spiritual foundations are central to our party's inspiration.
Families buy dogs.
Families call in advance to confirm performance date and time.
Families camp out on the banks of the Mekong and pan for gold, most of which is sold to Thailand.
Families campout and are supported by the guidance of a skilled adventure based counselor.
Families can access accounts after they leave welfare and have been employed for six months.
Families can access services such as newsletters, respite, educational programs or support groups.
Families can accommodate to such a dog in two ways.
Families can actually see what they are purchasing.
Families can adopt more than one child at a time.
Families can all dive on one membership.
Families can also assist by finding imaginative ways to help their relative cope.
Families can also be in the dark, or in denial.
Families can also benefit from having more experienced and powerful allies in facing their problems.
Families can also browse, download, or order the full text of the kit.
Families can also check with their doctor, clinic or local community-based organizations.
Families can also choose a secretary for each meeting.
Families can also contribute.
Families can also effectively apply pressure by confronting the patient.
Families can also enjoy a full calendar of special events and activities.
Families can also enjoy a variety of special events, workshops, and other activities.
Families can also enjoy the beautiful destinations they visit.
Families can also enroll their children in regular classes, including after school.
Families can also explore science displays about animals, water, minerals and maps.
Families can also feel overwhelmed, frustrated, angry and guilty.
Families can also find bargains on hunting and fishing equipment for the novice hunter or fisher.
Families can also find sites to help manage their pets.
Families can also get to know the Chicago area with a double-decker bus tour of architectural sites.
Families can also mourn pets that disappear without explanation.
Families can also opt for pod classes meeting at times decided on by the participants.
Families can also order an optional child safety seat for the rear.
Families can also play on their television any computer games accepting keyboard or mouse control.
Families can also provide useful information to the health care professionals.
Families can also register to receive information through the mail for a nominal annual fee.
Families can also reinforce essential concepts while running errands or reading a bedtime story.
Families can also restructure their working lives to be more family friendly.
Families can also set up investment accounts in children's names.
Families can also sponsor in their wrestlers' name.
Families can also take advantage of the picnic tables and barbecue grill that furnish the park.
Families can also take out loans for fertilizer, poultry or mat-making schemes.
Families can also take to the Sound for kayaking, windsurfing, sailing, and powerboating.
Families can also try the newest ride, Wildfire, and other rides, shows and attractions.
Families can also use the activities with children over the summer.
Families can also visit financial aid offices at local colleges.
Families can always use help in developing their devotional life.
Families can and do cope with disaster by preparing in advance and working together as a team.
Families can and do cope with disasters by preparing in advance.
Families can apply for all four services in a single application.
Families can apply to as many magnet and choice schools as they want.
Families can assure they're receiving a solid foundation of healthcare.
Families can attend all or some of the days.
Families can attend local high school plays, basketball games and other functions.
Families can avoid agency fees by performing self-searches.
Families can be a big help.
Families can be a resource in a system that has been focused on the individuals that are arrested.
Families can be a source of rejuvenation, fun and encouragement.
Families can be active regardless of the season.
Families can be another big stress factor.
Families can be creative about memorializing their pet.
Families can be creative together as they build a story based on a piece of art.
Families can be different, even when they share the same cultural background.
Families can be different.
Families can be forever.
Families can be large.
Families can be married couples with or without children or single parents with children.
Families can be real bastions of humane values and human progress.
Families can be rich or poor in many ways other than money.
Families can be supportive and help the person compensate.
Families can be together forever.
Families can be trouble.
Families can be unemployed, working, or preparing for work to qualify for food stamp benefits.
Families can become homeless and disabled over night.
Families can become targets for unwanted attention.
Families can benefit by developing a mission statement too.
Families can benefit from the family reduction also when taking part in a group.
Families can benefit from their decision to donate.
Families can book a cabin with a private bathroom, and sleeping room.
Families can borrow copies of sign language videotapes and read aloud stories used during workshops.
Families can borrow games, books, tapes, magazines, and many other materials.
Families can borrow toys, read a book with their child, or do laundry.
Families can bring a picnic, and children can play on the swing set.
Families can bring about healing - or ignore problems.
Families can bring gifts, see Santa and share the spirit of giving.
Families can bring lawn chairs or blankets.
Families can bring picnics or buy food from vendors.
Families can bring their sleeping bags and spend the night exploring four floors of frightening fun.
Families can browse listings of available properties and then contact the homeowner via email.
Families can build a compost bin for yard waste or construct a worm bin for food wastes.
Families can build a secure nest in many ways.
Families can call in to the center on snow emergency school days.
Families can call up the site at the kiosks.
Families can certainly keep their own records.
Families can change.
Families can check the offical program for scheduled times.
Families can choose a casket and headstone and have the pet laid out for a viewing.
Families can choose an elementary or middle school in the zone where they live.
Families can choose an ornament with a needy child's name on it and buy whatever that child needs.
Families can choose from a number of educational programs.
Families can choose from a variety of settings and curricula.
Families can choose from an assortment of options, depending on their scheduling needs.
Families can choose from one of two types of graves that are available.
Families can choose how to spend the holiday season.
Families can choose supports and services based on their individual needs and preferences.
Families can choose to care for their newborns in the room or in the nursery.
Families can choose to have boys do dishes and girls take out garbage.
Families can choose to incorporate useful materials from the destroyed house.
Families can choose to participate in all four funds.
Families can choose to participate in one activity from the offerings.
Families can choose to send lunch or purchase hot lunch at school.
Families can choose to stay with a host family or in a traditional tepee.
Families can choose which program to enroll their children.
Families can claim only a limited amount of their care expenses.
Families can come and enjoy our concerts together.
Families can come and enjoy themselves.
Families can come and shop and kids can have a good time.
Families can come out and enjoy the soccer and the players.
Families can come together or fall apart.
Families can connect their troubles with the headlines .
Families can connect there.
Families can consider selling their home to a person with disabilities.
Families can continue to fish the remainder of the day.
Families can cope with disaster by planning ahead.
Families can cope with disaster by preparing in advance and working together as a team.
Families can cope with disaster by preparing, in advance, and working together as a team.
Families can cope with disasters by working together as a team.
Families can count on educational games, activities, stories and illustrations.
Families can create a decorative pillow using the cyanotype photographic process for fabrics.
Families can create a map and track one of the natural hazards, like earthquakes.
Families can create cards, banners and posters for each other or friends.
Families can create one together . . .
Families can decide which agencies they wish to allow to access the information.
Families can depend on assistance from the same student for at least one semester.
Families can dine in beachside picnic areas and watch the river flow by.
Families can discuss the trait of the month at mealtimes.
Families can dissolve over a loaded sink.
Families can do a number of activities, from studying fossils to solving dino-mysteries.
Families can do many volunteer jobs.
Families can do something fun together.
Families can do the same kind of analysis.
Families can do the same with family meetings.
Families can easily access medical records and other important information and documents.
Families can easily become intimidated or overwhelmed by the long-term care process.
Families can easily find and use information about grievance and appeals processes.
Families can either rent or own their home.
Families can engage middle-grade children in active decision making.
Families can enhance their visits to the Gardens through a range of child-focused activities.
Families can enjoy a variety of courses for beginners, intermediate, and advanced skiers.
Families can enjoy a variety of early-evening entertainment options here.
Families can enjoy a variety of holiday activities, events, entertainment and wagon rides.
Families can enjoy area amenities during scheduled meetings.
Families can enjoy arts and crafts plus a variety of educational and recreational activities.
Families can enjoy croquet, tennis, swimming and , for a fee, golf.
Families can enjoy established campsites with lots of amenities and activities for the kids.
Families can enjoy hayrides to the field and barbecue at picnic tables.
Families can enjoy hiking and camping year-around in the facilities that abound throughout the area.
Families can enjoy horse-drawn sleigh rides, ice skating and movies.
Families can enjoy inexpensive food just as much as expensive food.
Families can enjoy live entertainment, displays, BBQ, and vendors.
Families can enjoy making their own traditions.
Families can enjoy many special events throughout the year.
Families can enjoy picnicking and weekend wagon rides to the tree fields.
Families can enjoy sailing, swimming, fishing, grilling and other great activities.
Families can enjoy swimming at two open beaches, and an outdoor or indoor swimming pool.
Families can enjoy the adventure playground beside the beach.
Families can enjoy the day playing games, singing, dancing or enjoying a concert.
Families can enjoy the games and educational materials available.
Families can enjoy the lake and surround area.
Families can enjoy the local amusement park, with thrilling rides and entertaining attractions.
Families can enjoy the nature trails together.
Families can enjoy the new group picnic area at the park's entrance.
Families can enjoy the on-site playground.
Families can enjoy the pool and jacuzzi hot tub.
Families can enjoy the scenic picnic areas complete with barbecue pits and reservation areas.
Families can enjoy themselves with the assurance of our complimentary baby monitoring service.
Families can enjoy touring around and stopping for the leisure swim and BBQ on the shore.
Families can enjoy various entertainment videos.
Families can enjoy world-class food and adventure while dining on a grounded yacht.
Families can enjoy year round fun country activities.
Families can enroll at any time of the year.
Families can enroll for one class or several.
Families can enroll for one class, several, or all day.
Families can establish accounts as soon as a student has a social security number.
Families can exchange travel information, too.
Families can expand their rituals to mark the key events in each member's life.
Families can expect all partners to be knowledgeable about each other's services.
Families can expect compassion and confidentiality.
Families can expect their values and culture to be respected.
Families can expect to be connected with natural supports in their community.
Families can expect to have a resource team that meets at one time and place.
Families can expect to pay less than half fare for children staying in the same cabin.
Families can expect to wait for approximately three to six months for a child referral.
Families can experience disasters at any time.
Families can explore the physical and emotional changes that come about during puberty.
Families can face hours every day and weeks every year with few safe places for their kids to go.
Families can fall out as much over little things as big ones.
Families can fall out.
Families can feel even more abused by aggressive media persons.
Families can find a little something for everyone to enjoy.
Families can find books, audio and video tapes on children's illnesses, parenting, and other issues.
Families can get behind a goal better then.
Families can get food relief once a month and assistance on rent or utility bills once per year.
Families can get guest passes for spouse and children.
Families can get help - if necessary, without involving the veteran.
Families can get help from a number of sources.
Families can get help from professional counselors or therapists.
Families can get help through government tax credits.
Families can get information about caregiving skills, activities, legal planning or communication.
Families can get overwhelmed.
Families can get ugly over property and money.
Families can go for months, even years, without knowing where their symptoms are coming from.
Families can go to parades and see all the beautiful costumes from sunrise to primetime.
Families can have as many or as few of the available offerings they choose.
Families can have children present .
Families can have exclusive use of our private kitchen.
Families can have many children or none at all.
Families can have up to three children.
Families can hear great music and learn about how to take care of their environment.
Families can help by locating a sponsorship in their local community.
Families can help explore available community programs.
Families can help fill the grave and can do a token amount of digging.
Families can help themselves and each other by sharing our experiences and working together.
Families can imitate the best ideas, and see what results from bad ideas.
Families can immerse themselves in a world of adventure and fun.
Families can ingest lead dust that settles on windowsills, floors, and furniture.
Families can invaluably aid our work at school.
Families can join intercultural training seminars held during the school year.
Families can join together to honor their family name.
Families can keep bulletin boards at home where parents and kids post notes and responses.
Families can learn about the proper use and installation of child car seats and safety belts.
Families can learn about the services that are available and make plans for the future.
Families can learn and play together in a safe interactive environment.
Families can learn coping skills together.
Families can learn grammar together, in pairs, or individually.
Families can learn new and creative ways to make play a successful and interactive experience.
Families can let our teachers know anytime of year that they are appreciated.
Families can let their veterans know of their concerns and where help is available.
Families can look for missions projects with needs that can be met through their own resources.
Families can lose their farms and businesses just to pay the tax.
Families can love each other in the true sense of love.
Families can make a difference by the things they do with the school as well.
Families can make an appointment to talk with professionals about their needs.
Families can make media literacy a part of their lives.
Families can make seashell candles and winter berry garlands together.
Families can make their own quilt squares with materials provided by the museum.
Families can make up their own songs, or have fun changing the words to their favorite songs.
Families can make use of connecting rooms.
Families can match the landmark with the location.
Families can meet other families to share ideas and provide mutual support.
Families can nominate themselves to be host families through local community organisations.
Families can now apply for financial aid online in a secure, encrypted format.
Families can obtain detailed contest rules and guidelines from local pharmacies.
Families can obviously lose their online accounts and privileges through their mischievious kids.
Families can offer support through encouragement and advice.
Families can often come up with the best plan to meet their needs.
Families can only do so much with all of the emotional, financial and time pressures that they face.
Families can pan for gold, join a frog jumping race, ride in a covered wagon or visit a petting zoo.
Families can participate in learning activities on-line.
Families can participate in many activities and make simple machines themselves.
Families can participate in the many wildlife classes and programs offered.
Families can participate in the selection of their service coordinator.
Families can pay by credit card, cheque or cash.
Families can pay one-day admissions or purchase season passes for the whole summer.
Families can picnic in the park across the street from the caverns.
Families can plan a handicapped accessible vacation.
Families can plan events to do together.
Families can plan get-togethers during every season.
Families can play on the beach and swim near the campground.
Families can pool their baggage allowances.
Families can pool their flight credits, and any member can use the free ticket.
Families can post their page on site also.
Families can prepare for discipline with family councils.
Families can prepare themselves to accept the new evolving role of their child.
Families can preserve favorite recipes for generations to come.
Families can provide a great sense of pleasure and personal fulfillment.
Families can provide important information on a child s behavior outside the program or classroom.
Families can provide important information on a child's behavior outside the program or classroom.
Families can provide tremendous emotional support, especially in times of crisis.
Families can purchase a weather alert radio as an additional resource for emergency preparedness.
Families can purchase books for home.
Families can purchase goods, services, or equipment.
Families can purchase materials from other sources if they wish.
Families can purchase mouthguards in stores.
Families can purchase pizza and a drink at the beginning of the family night activities.
Families can purchase small or large bags of dirt that contain treasures galore.
Families can purchase the homes at cost with no-interest loans.
Families can purchase the needed items from various dealers.
Families can qualify to receive one week s worth of food, a maximum of one time per month.
Families can read a Bible story, talk about what they have read and even make simple crafts.
Families can read the manual online or download chapters for free.
Families can readily find a vehicle and payment plan to fit their needs.
Families can receive a full or partial subsidy which is based upon program eligibility and income.
Families can receive a grant for more than one child.
Families can receive assistance for up to five years, but some states have chosen just two years.
Families can receive assistance until total income reaches the federal poverty level.
Families can receive groceries once a month.
Families can receive services from home health care agencies, respite programs, or family friends.
Families can reduce air pollution and save money.
Families can register anonymously on the Internet web site.
Families can register at either center.
Families can register just one computer.
Families can register their students at the business office located next to the middle school.
Families can register to build their own boat in a weekend.
Families can remain in residence for up to one year.
Families can rent the swimming pool and indoor playground for private functions.
Families can ride together or kids can have their own wrangler.
Families can role-play on how to respond to teasing.
Families can save a lot of money.
Families can schedule weekly or private lessons.
Families can see and hear themselves in a positive light.
Families can see how corn is ground at the grist mill on the nature trail.
Families can see pictures and receive detailed profiles about the donor.
Families can see their daughters or sons photographs on their home computer.
Families can select a chairperson at the end of each meeting to be responsible for the next meeting.
Families can select cremation before or after the funeral service.
Families can select from a wide range of providers through the use of child care vouchers.
Families can select from the following fun and educational offerings.
Families can serve as advocates and resources for middle-grade children.
Families can share photographs.
Families can share photos in their own private page.
Families can share their stories with school staff and other students.
Families can ship factor or medical ancillaries, or call to volunteer their time.
Families can shop at our award-winning commissary and exchange facility.
Families can sign up anytime during the school year.
Families can sign up for a walk through a local park.
Families can specify adjacent rooms with linking door.
Families can specify which organs and tissues are donated.
Families can spend lots of quality time together on the mainland, too.
Families can spend more time on moving to self-sufficiency and less time on obtaining basic support.
Families can spend quality time together through hands-on art programs, storytelling and more.
Families can spend time together through hands-on art programs, storytelling and more.
Families can start by reading Scripture and putting it into practice in their own homes.
Families can stay in the lodge, motel or log cabins.
Families can stay together during trying times.
Families can still get cash assistance, but many of the rules have changed.
Families can still visit sites to enjoy viewing ducks and geese.
Families can strengthen reading skills while having fun together.
Families can subtract the credit directly for their total tax owed.
Families can subtract the credit directly from their total tax owed.
Families can suffer the added loss of the deceased's lifetime work.
Families can suffer under domestic violence and child abuse.
Families can suffer while parents struggle with low-paying jobs.
Families can swim, fish, boat, water ski, and sail on the waters of the lakes.
Families can t find homes.
Families can take a picnic lunch or buy food from the food cart.
Families can take advantage of children's menus in most of the restaurants listed.
Families can take advantage of neighborhood playgrounds, trails, parks, and organizations .
Families can take the subsidies to new rental housing if they decide to move.
Families can take time out from the constant demands of caring for a disabled family member.
Families can take trips, do yard work, exercise, ride motorcycles or operate a business together.
Families can take vacations off-season.
Families can take walks, play ball or go bicycling together.
Families can talk about how kids distinguish between real and cartoon violence.
Families can talk about what happens when children play war games.
Families can talk about wildlife families.
Families can then form networks of support for each other.
Families can then remind the athlete to use the techniques and relay information to coaches.
Families can then see areas to save energy and increase recycling.
Families can thereby educate themselves and others on resources.
Families can thrive today.
Families can travel together.
Families can use a homemaker on a regular basis or for a week or two as respite.
Families can use a kitchen to prepare their own foods, though a full breakfast comes with the rates.
Families can use it as a budgeting tool to meet their needs.
Families can use qualified state-sponsored tuition plans to save for college expenses.
Families can use the easier huts and backcountry devotees rave about the more difficult huts.
Families can use the magnet to post the tip sheets on the refrigerator.
Families can use the money for various purposes.
Families can use the video and family guide as a home-study learning packet.
Families can usually count on good weather for outdoor activities, as well as time off from work.
Families can visit historic sites, museums, etc.
Families can visit museums and information centres.
Families can visit on most Sundays.
Families can visit their baby during the adoption process and stay as long as they desire.
Families can visit their child during the process.
Families can watch it together.
Families can win additional prizes and goodie bags.
Families can wind up having to sell off their livestock.
Families can work together to fill a shoebox or send items to school to be assembled into a shoebox.
Families can work together to participate in family garden projects at home or a local site.
Families can work together.
Families can worship together for the first half of the service.
Families can write an account and draw a sketch map to show their ancestors migration to America.
Families can, and do, cope with disaster by preparing in advance and working together as a team.
Families care for two-thirds of persons with schizophrenia.
Families carry out a variety of functions critically important to society.
Families catch up.
Families caught in the crossfire have little leverage on their own and often seek legal assistance.
Families cause a desire to lives.
Families caution that one of the most important things to watch for is resentment in siblings.
Families celebrate birthdays.
Families celebrate holidays together.
Families celebrate holidays.
Families celebrate Jewish holidays together.
Families celebrate many festivals.
Families celebrate the faith in daily life.
Families celebrate the New Year in various ways, but tradition remains similar.
Families ceremoniously launch the rowboats after a weekend of sanding and varnishing.
Families change due to many factors, such as birth, death, marriage, and divorce.
Families change in composition and function to respond to social and economic pressures.
Families change, and remain the same.
Families choose among a variety of service-oriented programs in the community.
Families choose and hire their own respite care providers.
Families choose between homeschooling and local public schools, in consultation with the group.
Families choose intercountry adoption for a variety of reasons.
Families choose pediatricians for several reasons.
Families choose special needs camps for a wide variety of reasons.
Families choose the degree of help they want.
Families choose to home school their children for many different reasons.
Families choose when they wish to change to khaki.
Families choosing nurse-midwives find their experience to be safe and very satisfying.
Families clean their houses and make special food, and make costumes.
Families Click on a small image to see it full size.
Families comb out hides and sell the qiviuq to the co-op.
Families come and go.
Families Come First .
Families come first.
Families come for church, or an event, and then they come here for their health care.
Families come for one weekend or for as long as two weeks.
Families come for our programs with children and youth.
Families come from all over the United States for help.
Families come from Florida, Indiana, Tennessee and Kentucky.
Families come from many different churches and denominations.
Families come from numerous countries and speak a variety of languages.
Families come from the greater Detroit region, and from across the nearby Canadian border, to play.
Families come here to get away, but have high expectations for their children.
Families come here to see wildlife and the rain forest in a safe and politically stable environment.
Families come here with children.
Families come in all different shapes and sizes today.
Families come in all kinds of packages and sizes.
Families come in all shapes and sizes .
Families come in all shapes and sizes, but they share one thing in common.
Families come in all shapes and sizes, nuclear and extended, past and present.
Families come in all shapes and sizes, usually with an older person who is an authority figure.
Families come in all shapes and sizes, with multiple and differing needs.
Families come in all shapes and sizes.
Families come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
Families come in all shapes, sizes and configurations.
Families come in all sizes, with varying needs and desires for their children's care.
Families come in all sorts and shapes.
Families come in and apply.
Families come in and browse our new-software shelf.
Families come in different forms.
Families come in many configurations.
Families come in many forms.
Families come in many sizes and varieties.
Families come in so many sizes and shapes.
Families come in their wagons from miles around.
Families come is all shapes, sizes and configurations.
Families come once a week for the first few weeks.
Families come out to barbecue and see the floats come in.
Families come out to enjoy the spooks, haunts, and fun of it all.
Families come out to socialize and guests gather in front of the chief's room.
Families come there to play mahjong and to chat together.
Families come to America to make a better life for their children.
Families come to celebrate weddings and birthdays.
Families come to cycle along the trails or to canoe the sparkling lakes.
Families come to enjoy a picnic, fly their kites or just relax.
Families come to enjoy sights that aren t readily accessible in most of the rest of the country.
Families come to honor their loved ones, and it is a totally amazing experience.
Families come to school for fun, often introducing new foods and traditions.
Families come to school in pajamas, robes, and slippers for a supper, followed by reading.
Families come to school together.
Families come to String Lake to splash and swim, canoe, or just float on inner tubes.
Families come to the campus one or two at a time.
Families come to the decision to homeschool in a variety of ways.
Families come to the school from a variety of religious backgrounds and traditions.
Families come to the table with their own baggage, education levels, and cultural values.
Families come together and eat together.
Families come together for special occasions, such as graduation from the residency.
Families come together to assist each other.
Families come together to groom, rest, and sleep.
Families come together to honor their ancestors, and build alters in their homes.
Families come together to honor their ancestors.
Families come together under very close quarters.
Families come together, each expressing gratitude for the other.
Families come together.
Families come up for the area recreation facilities.
Families commonly use a combination of after-school care options.
Families communicate more easily and cheaply than ever with the ubiquitousness of email.
Families communicate with each other in a supportive manner and are free from abuse and neglect.
Families complete simple financial data forms based on numbers from their last tax return.
Families comprise a large part of the mini-cruise business.
Families comprise households.
Families concerned with disabilities also turn to our resources for information and answers.
Families Connect A fun website for families to learn about the Internet, and how to use it together.
Families consist of a number of similar genera .
Families consist of mothers.
Families consist of parents and children as well as singles, young and old.
Families consist of parents.
Families consist of people living together who are related by marriage or birth.
Families consists of at least one child and one adult with a maximum of four people.
Families constitute a good part of our summer business.
Families constitute an extremely complex group experience.
Families constitute the basic social unit of humankind.
Families constitute the building blocks of society.
Families constitute the training ground for aggression.
Families consume salt.
Families contact the DSS office that covers their city.
Families contact the local department and an application is completed.
Families contain members.
Families contain types.
Families continue to be a source of education, training, motivation and support as children develop.
Families continue to be broken due to false allegations of abuse which never happened.
Families continue to be divided with no possibility of even communicating with each other.
Families continue to disintegrate.
Families continue to live in shelled-out buildings.
Families continue to lose loved ones.
Families continue to suffer separated from loved ones.
Families contribute toward construction.
Families convene for an hour-long catechism class before praying the rosary.
Families cooperate to manage the land and utilities.
Families cope best when basic preparation and a plan are in place.
Families correspond to multiple alignments performed by hand.
Families cost more to raise.
Families craft the final work agreement.
Families create a vital foundation for literacy from the beginning of a child's life.
Families crowd supermarkets to bring home the meals that week.
Families currently receive a preprinted application that is used for redetermination.
Families cycle together.
Families deal with death.
Families deal with the issue in different ways.
Families deal with tragedies in different ways.
Families decide for themselves what they can and want to do.
Families decide what goals are most important.
Families decide who is competent.
Families decorate their homes and trees with starbursts, candles and other ornate finery.
Families demonstrate diversity.
Families depend on working women.
Families deposit money in a family account.
Families deserve a decent place to live at a price they can afford.
Families deserve affordable health care, with good long-term care for their loved ones.
Families deserve red-carpet treatment from the tax code.
Families deserve television they can share comfortably and enjoy watching together.
Families deserve that freedom.
Families deserve the opportunity to increase and enhance their reading and writing skills.
Families deserve to spend more time together.
Families desiring a neighborhood pool and playground area have several communities to select from.
Families develop an internal culture.
Families develop communication styles, for example, that then get translated into the business.
Families develop skills.
Families develop unique resiliency patterns over time.
Families develop unique resiliency patters over time.
Families didn t talk about sex and it was like the forbidden fruit.
Families differ as much as individuals differ in their habits, temperaments, cares and prejudices.
Families differ from one another on several dimensions.
Families differ in size, composition, resources, history, and cohesiveness.
Families directly benefit from the harvest.
Families disagree now.
Families discuss desires, needs, and interests, then plan the week accordingly.
Families display a set of carp-shaped streamers to celebrate the holiday.
Families divide and distribute family treasures.
Families divide with the child right in the middle.
Families do care.
Families do come top.
Families do divide.
Families do everything for the children.
Families do evolve.
Families do get tired and they get fed up with it.
Families do grieve after an adoption disruption.
Families do many special things together.
Families do meet the needs of their members.
Families do play a pivotal role in helping young people grow up healthy.
Families do service projects together .
Families do spend special holidays together, such as religious celebrations and birthdays.
Families do their best, but modern society can make elder care a logistical nightmare.
Families do their own housework along with other assigned in house tasks.
Families Do Things Together.
Families don t figure into that.
Families donate scraps of material.
Families DON'T want to place children with disabilities in institutions.
Families draw sharp distinctions between members and strangers.
Families dress in new clothes and jewels and go visiting others.
Families drift apart.
Families drive their own vehicles at their own pace.
Families drop in already for eggs, vegetables, and conversation.
Families earning three times above their welfare grant lose the grant.
Families eat bread.
Families eat dinner.
Families eat fish several times a day.
Families eat food.
Families eat in rotation so that there is a little more for the others.
Families eat less when they eat together because they talk.
Families eat meals at their family tables.
Families eat meals that include traditional New Year dish of stuffed dumplings known as jiao-zi.
Families eat meals.
Families eat on the run.
Families eat together.
Families eat vegetables they grow themselves.
Families eat vegetarian meals.
Families eek a living spinning wool much as they did in the Middle Ages.
Families embrace the idea of creating a lasting tribute to their loved ones.
Families employ workers.
Families Encourage development of family friendly work environments .
Families encourage dying patients to hang on regardless of the cost.
Families encourage humor and lightheartedness.
Families enjoy a buffet breakfast or lunch followed by magic, stories, crafts, songs and more.
Families enjoy a catered lunch under a big top tent.
Families enjoy an evening of activities and performances, which provide fun for the entire family.
Families enjoy an evening's ice skating.
Families enjoy coming to school to meet friends and chat over a cup of coffee.
Families enjoy food and fellowship after worshipping together.
Families enjoy getting wet and having fun as they explore tide pools left behind by the ebb tide.
Families enjoy lunch.
Families enjoy making foreigners feel at home.
Families enjoy our spacious accommodation and warm, friendly service.
Families enjoy outings on our grassy common areas and winding bike trails.
Families enjoy picnics at the beach.
Families enjoy picnics or special dinners.
Families enjoy professional sports at a reasonable cost.
Families enjoy soccer, hiking and golf in their own neighborhoods.
Families enjoy special family events.
Families enjoy special meals.
Families enjoy swimming in the warm, shallow waters and playing on the wide sandy beach.
Families enjoy tennis, swim, join league play, or picnic in acres of lush parks and playgrounds.
Families enjoy the beauty of indigenous, low maintenance landscapes and permaculture.
Families enjoy the creche and coconut kids club meal plans are available.
Families enjoy the freedom to teach what they want, when they want.
Families enjoy the games, fun, and picnic atmosphere.
Families enjoy the paddle and row boats on our newly enlarged private fishing pond.
Families enjoy the quiet neighborhoods in Robinson.
Families enjoy the sandy beach with gentle slope into the water for swimming.
Families enjoy the simple and convenient cabins.
Families enjoy the southern end of the beach park, while nudists claim the northern portion.
Families enjoy the well-maintained lakefront picnic areas, pavilions and beautiful swimming beach.
Families enjoy tubing and canoeing the river.
Families enter the program through referrals from a shelter, church, or agency.
Families entertain themselves by singing, reading and dancing.
Families especially enjoy spending time in a canoe for a soft adventure challenge.
Families especially enjoy taking the kids to the Yuletide Celebration concert.
Families especially like to walk to see what's new as building continues.
Families especially seem to appreciate the quality time they enjoy on a train.
Families everywhere are under siege.
Families evolve over time based on their structure and trajectory.
Families exchange gifts and have African-style feasts.
Families exchange sweets and people embrace each other, vowing brotherhood.
Families exhaust their savings trying to provide for disabled relatives.
Families expect the user to control the reaction to the chemical.
Families expect women to marry early and concentrate on raising children.
Families expecting their first child are eligible.
Families experience a lack of confidence and trust at all levels and directions.
Families experience bewildering times.
Families experience death.
Families experience growth.
Families experience many challenges and as well as rewards through out the life cycle.
Families experience personal growth.
Families experience stress whenever they undergo change.
Families experiencing divorce have the same range of functionality as intact families.
Families experiencing hunger in Utah are unique compared to other states.
Families explode because of unkind words.
Families explode under the strain of stretched resources.
Families Exploring families in literature makes a strong theme with very personal implications.
Families face a heavy tax when a small business owner dies.
Families face crises.
Families face daily trial to meet such basic needs a food, clothing and shelter.
Families face difficult decisions when selecting a person to care for a family member.
Families face financial disaster because of the high cost of serious illness.
Families face great hardship.
Families face many decisions regarding diagnosis and treatment of their child.
Families face many difficult decisions today.
Families face reduced incomes, loss of health insurance and uncertain futures.
Families face the risk of separation under our detention practices.
Families fail to recognize the danger signs.
Families fall together and they come back together.
Families fear going outside after dark because of gang violence.
Families fear restlessness Critics of state prisons acknowledge people are in prison to be punished.
Families fear separation since many children are deportable when they lose their immigration status.
Families feel financial pressure.
Families feel pretty comfortable here.
Families feel safer here as all of the runs funnel into one base area.
Families feel the loss of their pets very deeply and the pet also loses a loving home.
Families feel welcomed in the school.
Families fight over who gets to go to the match.
Families fight, yes, but healthy ones fight in an open and honest way and stay together.
Families finance one year of college at a time and make monthly payments of principal and interest.
Families finance practically half of their expenses in health.
Families finance the remainder, paying out of their own pockets.
Families find a friendly, safe and peaceful atmosphere.
Families find a room that they can eat and work in very handy.
Families find a way to come closer together.
Families find comfort.
Families find decisions surrounding placement in a nursing home extremely difficult.
Families find doctors.
Families find evidence.
Families find inspiration.
Families find it perfect for reunions.
Families find it relatively easy to get housing.
Families find news.
Families find opportunities in their own communities to take leadership.
Families find our professionally decorated, home-like interior warm and inviting.
Families find out afterward.
Families find peace.
Families find that urban amenities exist side by side with rural open spaces.
Families find the rates more affordable than a hotel.
Families find their own housing and pay for all meals.
Families find their way into shelters in a variety of ways.
Families find themselves in many different situations.
Families find they have little time to be alone together.
Families first apply to our local office.
Families First believes that to target older teens is to wait too late.
Families First charges no fee for service.
Families First helps parents prepare for the adoption process.
Families First is a multi-service, nonprofit family and children s agency in Atlanta, Georgia.
Families First is a national peer education program.
Families First is a whimper.
Families First is critically different, however, in one very important way.
Families First provides cash benefits to needy families with children.
Families First realizes just how crucial the role of a father is in a young child's life.
Families fishing together is a favorite past time.
Families fleeing domestic violence are afraid to send their kids to public school.
Families float south on the river unless they paddle.
Families fly in and out of Moscow, and travel by plane or train to the orphanage region.
Families focus many of their activities on children and the unique needs of families.
Families follow courtship patterns.
Families follow interpretations.
Families follow patterns.
Families follow specific patterns.
Families follow tradition.
Families form one kind of network, and whether family members live nearby or a long way off.
Families form the foundations for reading success.
Families form the foundations on which society is built.
Families fortunate enough to have their own homes often live together in extended families.
Families freak out all the time, and paramedics are trained to deal with that , too.
Families function thus, rights, human and other, are determined thus, wrongs are also so determined.
Families gain an understanding of basic budget and credit concepts.
Families gain in other ways, too, when they discover new ways to help their children succeed.
Families gather again for the annual ritual of tree trimming as the scent of cider fills the air.
Families gather and share in the festivities.
Families gather at a farm to celebrate their blessings and enjoy a wonderful meal together.
Families gather at a table for all regular meals.
Families gather at graves of ancestors, leaving flowers and food after tidying the graves.
Families gather daily for meals consisting of a special bread, honey and fish.
Families gather for a long, festive seder meal.
Families gather for a picnic lunch, and then dig in to clean up and improve the area.
Families gather for a potluck supper, mingle and share stories.
Families gather for learning sessions held at the parish several times during the year.
Families gather for special meals and go on visits.
Families gather in the cemetery to clean and decorate graves of loved ones.
Families gather in the graveyard.
Families gather in their pueblos to participate in ceremonial dances on feast days.
Families gather outside for a meal.
Families gather there.
Families gather to dance, cakewalk, and socialize.
Families gather to enjoy dinner together followed by a seminar while the children play.
Families gather to pray and play together.
Families gather to rejoice and share their joy and their harvests with others.
Families gather to watch the Parade of the Dead.
Families gather together and spoil the children with treats and tasty moon cakes.
Families gather together for meals and open houses after attending temple services.
Families gather together for parties at which Mexican food and pinatas are featured.
Families gather together to eat and give thanks.
Families gather, couples stroll, and teenagers gossip on a bustling main street.
Families gather, rings are exchanged, and vows of eternal fidelity and love are spoken.
Families generally are aware of the nature of the writing program and support it.
Families generally climb the lower mountains and the young people the steeper ones.
Families generally have few possessions.
Families generally participate in all activities together.
Families generally prefer male children.
Families generally prefer to avoid institutionalization of AD patients.
Families generally receive a fifth of an acre per person.
Families generally receive two keys.
Families get bigger, and if there is a shortage of space, bunk beds are ideal.
Families get by on soup and rice, for lunch and dinner.
Families get firsthand experience working a prehistoric Indian dig site.
Families get help in finding a job or housing or any number of services that lead to independence.
Families get into bad debts.
Families get lessons in proper housecleaning.
Families get more quality time together.
Families get no special treatment.
Families get out of the habit of taking care of themselves.
Families get photos.
Families get smaller as standards of living improve.
Families get three meals a day, medical care and counseling.
Families get to take home activities that they can continue to enjoy after the workshop is done.
Families get to view records and video tapes of eligible children while in the Ukraine.
Families get together and attend the festivals.
Families get together and open presents.
Families get together and share food and presents.
Families get together for New Year's Day or the Lunar New Year's Day.
Families get together for picnics and barbecues or in the evening for coffee and cake.
Families get together to eat mooncakes and celebrate the end of the harvest season.
Families get together to make their favorite rice dumplings .
Families get together to seek forgiveness from the elders and loved ones.
Families get together.
Families give children love, roots, and eventually wings.
Families give messages to children about how to handle conflict out of the home.
Families give roots, identity, future.
Families give the newsletter lots of positive feedback.
Families give their tearful farewells to loved ones, and children run amid the crowds and columns.
Families give up a lot of money each year because of pay disparity.
Families go around and visit their friends and neighbors.
Families go back for five or six generations.
Families go biking of a night.
Families go broke putting on funerals.
Families go broke.
Families go camping or spend time at a cottage on a lake or river.
Families go home, play the games, and come back again to learn some more games and activities.
Families go in and out.
Families go on picnics and outings.
Families go out and spend the evening at the park and really enjoy themselves.
Families go through difficult time.
Families go through stages.
Families go through time.
Families go to cemeteries and spruce up the grave of loved ones.
Families go to famous shrines at the beginning of the new year.
Families go to the cemeteries to place flowers and candles on the graves of their family members.
Families go to the cemetery for a picnic and eat skeleton cookies and sugar skull cakes.
Families go to the lake as often as possible to fish, swim, boat, and simply enjoy the outdoors.
Families go to visit relatives and kids go to play.
Families go together to a site to learn math games and activities to do at home.
Families greatly desire male children.
Families grieve over their menfolk, whom they believe to be dead or in Serb hands.
Families grieve the loss of normal life after diagnosis of a disabling condition.
Families grieve, the country grieves and the extended military family grieves.
Families grow by going through many times of happiness and also times of despair.
Families grow together, support each other, and quite often plan special 'family' events together.
Families guide personal growth and education, while offering love and protection.
Families hang scrolls in doorways for good luck, health and prosperity.
Families hang their world map at home in a prominent place.
Families have a chance to have fun together and to meet other families facing similar challenges.
Families have a chance to share experiences and connect with their children in a very special way.
Families have a choice of health care providers and state-contracted HMOs.
Families have a delicate balance and every member plays a different role.
Families have a financial as well as educational investment in their success.
Families have a great deal to offer child care providers.
Families have a great experience of family fun and learning.
Families have a great time.
Families have a greater variety of income sources.
Families have a harder time to survive in the larger cities.
Families have a maximum of three deductibles each year.
Families have a range of options to consider.
Families have a responsibility.
Families have a right to be free from internal and external violence.
Families have a right to be together.
Families have a right to discipline.
Families have a right to expect that their water is clean for drinking, fishing, and swimming.
Families have a right to good nutrition and medical care.
Families have a right to have time to care for each other.
Families have a right to know where, when and by what hands their loves ones died.
Families have a right to live in the absence of abuse and neglect.
Families have a role in educating their members to deal fairly with others.
Families have a role in the governance of our school.
Families have a since of security and know where they are going when they know where they have been.
Families have a stake in listening to their members.
Families have a stake in their children's education .
Families have a variety of service needs associated with funerals.
Families have a vital role in providing encouragement and support.
Families have a wealth of knowledge to share as well as being able to provide emotional support.
Families have a wide range of responses to gun play.
Families have ability.
Families have access in their community to updated information and referral services.
Families have access to a wider range of affordable and high quality products.
Families have adult children.
Families have adults.
Families have all kinds of needs today.
Families have an average of seven children, and much family work is done together.
Families have an even harder time finding affordable housing.
Families have an excellent record for firearms safety.
Families have an important role in providing the primary care for and shaping the lives of children.
Families have arguments.
Families have backs.
Families have been know to mortgage their houses in order to afford more training and travel.
Families have bellies.
Families have big dinners in the middle of the day.
Families have bills.
Families have bonds.
Families have business.
Families have careers.
Families have carnivorous diets.
Families have children because they believe in the future.
Families have children who go to school.
Families have children.
Families have choices in where and how their children with disabilities are supported and educated.
Families have concerns about their teenagers doing well in and outside of school.
Families have conditions.
Families have cultural values.
Families have daily devotions as morning and evening prayers.
Families have dens.
Families have descendants.
Families have diets.
Families have differences.
Families have different expectations about care managers as well.
Families have different ideas.
Families have different likes and requirements.
Families have different needs, so direct cash subsidies can be a good option.
Families have different priorities than businesses do.
Families have different rules.
Families have different spending priorities because they think different things are important.
Families have different traditions.
Families have dinner and go to church afterwards.
Families have dinner.
Families have discussions, which are of no concern to their neighbors or the general public.
Families have ears.
Families have eat food.
Families have eat healthy food.
Families have endurance.
Families have enough concerns to cope with when a loved one dies.
Families have enough problems as it is during a funeral.
Families have faces.
Families have facilities.
Families have facts.
Families have feet.
Families have flowers.
Families have food.
Families have fun together in various activities and storytime, as they grow together in Jesus.
Families have functions.
Families have genus.
Families have goal oriented, time-limited, individualized work plans.
Families have good times and bad times, and some more than others.
Families have great strength.
Families have group souls.
Families have habitats.
Families have habits.
Families have healthy food.
Families have homes.
Families have houses.
Families have huge meals of ham and turkey and brightly colored cookies.
Families have huge pasta dinner.
Families have ideas.
Families have inadequate resources to meet emergencies.
Families have individuals.
Families have information.
Families have interest.
Families have internal differences, even fights, and they still stay together.
Families have issues.
Families have legal responsibility.
Families have legal rights.
Families have lineage.
Families have major problems.
Families have major social problems.
Families have many common solutions and issues.
Families have many opportunities to keep themselves occupied at the inn.
Families have many pressures on their time and energy.
Families have many unexplored options as well.
Families have meetings.
Families have members.
Families have more activities than ever, and even young kids are busy after school.
Families have more children than they can feed adequately.
Families have more choices than ever before.
Families have mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters.
Families have much at stake in the face of sky-high tuition and room and board costs.
Families have no incentive to lay off workers.
Families have no way of paying their energy bills.
Families have offspring.
Families have one year to develop a long-term employment strategy for their son or daughter.
Families have only one child, over the age of six.
Families have opportunity.
Families have other choices as well.
Families have other places.
Families have outcomes.
Families have own cultural values.
Families have parents.
Families have pasta dinner.
Families have patterns.
Families have people.
Families have pets.
Families have photos.
Families have picnics and go to parks in the evening to watch fireworks displays.
Families have picnics and people relax on benches surrounding the lake.
Families have places.
Families have preference for the two-bedroom units.
Families have problems.
Families have real needs, and systems have real money.
Families have really different beliefs about homosexuality.
Families have regular devotions.
Families have relatives.
Families have repetitive interaction patterns that regulate members' behavior.
Families have reproduction.
Families have responsibility.
Families have rights.
Families have roles in making cost decisions, including vendor selection.
Families have rules.
Families have same outcomes.
Families have similarity.
Families have social problems.
Families have something to offer child care providers.
Families have special bonds.
Families have special bowls which are used only for kava.
Families have special celebrations.
Families have special issues.
Families have strengths and can change.
Families have strengths that flow from individual members and from the family as a whole.
Families have strengths.
Families have structures.
Families have tasty food.
Families have tendencies.
Families have territory.
Families have the ability to be with their hurting buddy when the procedure takes place.
Families have the autonomy to choose schools.
Families have the final responsibility for matching with the most suitable candidate.
Families have the first responsibility for the physical and emotional well-being of children.
Families have the knowledge and capability to design their own services.
Families have the most influence in their children's development and language acquisition.
Families have the much larger mission of being a leaven of the Gospel in the wider world.
Families have the opportunity to contribute squares to the quilt at any time.
Families have the opportunity to get tutoring from teachers and check out books from the library.
Families have the option of applying for a townhouse, depending on availability.
Families have the option of hiring a private practice pathologist to conduct an autopsy.
Families have the option of investing in either program or both.
Families have the option of sending their children to a variety of parochial and private schools.
Families have the primary opportunity to set up the team.
Families have the primary responsibility for providing positive nurturing environments for children.
Families have the primary responsibility to meet educational costs.
Families have the right and responsibility to make major decisions affecting their children.
Families have the right to appeal decisions handed down in county and state reviews.
Families have the right to educate their children.
Families have the right to emotional and social support from the community.
Families have the right to have an interpreter present at mediations and fair hearings.
Families have the right to know about the quality of their environment.
Families have the right to make their own decisions about gun ownership.
Families have the time to renew their energy and meet their own needs.
Families have their own lives to consider.
Families have their own un-moderated bulletin board here .
Families have their own way of doing things, too.
Families have time to meet one another and talk about important health and behavioral issues.
Families have to call ahead to the facility of their choice and register for the free lesson.
Families have to learn to budget their resources in order to be successful today.
Families have to make commitments to schools systems.
Families have to mobilize in their own defense, the two authors declare.
Families have to mobilize in their owndefense, the two authors declare.
Families have to plan a special reunion just to get all the members together.
Families have to provide child care for half a day, all year.
Families have to remain supportive as well.
Families have to search for available seating in the pews.
Families have to speak up when asked to make time commitments they believe to be unreasonable.
Families have to spend their nights in inside rooms or under staircases.
Families have to spend their nights in the inside rooms or under staircases.
Families have to take a look.
Families have to take their summer vacations.
Families have to talk about the changes.
Families have to weigh benefits and risks.
Families have to work at communicating effectively.
Families have trouble paying for school uniforms and supplies to send their children to schools.
Families have troubles.
Families have two or three jobs.
Families have two special ceremonies to remember their ancestors.
Families have unique ability.
Families have unique information.
Families have unmet needs for supports to maintain caregiving .
Families have values.
Families have wisdom and solutions.
Families have wonderful parks and a number of educational options.
Families head to the lower portion of the track, where instructors teach first-time racers.
Families headed by married couples also have much higher incomes and greater financial assets.
Families headed by single impoverished African American women is the norm.
Families headed by women are nearly five times more likely to be poor than other families.
Families headed by women now comprise one-quarter of all households in the world.
Families headed by younger persons use credit cards more than families headed by older persons.
Families heal, only when members speak out, and tell their Truth.
Families Hear a fun story or two, and do an activity related to the story.
Families hear about the connection between mathematics and careers and success in high school.
Families Help Line maintains website.
Families Help Line offers Governesses for families seeking the very best in child care.
Families help one another.
Families help students learn the language in practical situations.
Families help students plan their future.
Families helping families manage asthma.
Families here are no different.
Families here are younger with high incomes.
Families here say they deserve answers and demand accountability.
Families hibernate together during winter.
Families hold anniversaries.
Families hold on to their land for generations.
Families home schooling special needs children often feel very isolated.
Families homeschool their children for a variety of reasons.
Families homeschooling teens are no longer a rarity.
Families host one student for the entire homestay experience.
Families host only one student or one couple at a time.
Families huddle around wood fires.
Families huddle together in bed with all their clothes on.
Families imply care, expectation, control or, on the other side of the wallpaper, neglect and abuse.
Families include boys.
Families include carnivores.
Families include children.
Families include daughters.
Families include different genus.
Families include fly squirrels.
Families include genus.
Families include grandchildren.
Families include grind squirrels.
Families include infants.
Families include land mammals.
Families include lineage.
Families include mammals.
Families include members.
Families include old boys.
Families include parents.
Families include plants.
Families include pregnant wives.
Families include several different genus.
Families include several genus.
Families include squirrels.
Families include wives.
Families including children are welcome.
Families increase their knowledge and improve skills for caregiving and living with change.
Families increasingly take turns eating, as well.
Families inevitably end up being part of the system.
Families influence children's social, emotional, intellectual, and physical development.
Families inhibit or promote children's talents and abilities.
Families instill discipline in children and discipline leads to good schooling and good jobs.
Families instinctively try to stay together, a daunting task as their lives give way to chaos.
Families interact in our hands-on exhibits, that provides fire safety messages to everyone.
Families intertwine and help build the fabric of today's Australia.
Families involve women.
Families involved in family businesses perform an additional function of production.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where our wings take dream.
Families is where our nation finds hope, Where our wings take dream.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.
Families is where our nation finds shape, where wings take dream.
Families is where our nation takes hope, where wings take dream.
Families join parent groups to end the sense of isolation their unique situation can create.
Families join the program as annual members and participate in a series of scheduled events.
Families join together to build houses for each other and for themselves.
Families join together to hire support and other staff.
Families join together to purchase housing.
Families juggle several jobs, overlapping shifts, and child care.
Families just don t matter.
Families just have the potential to focus it more.
Families keep a close watch on their daughters' friends and social contacts.
Families keep livestock.
Families keep their members humble as well as build self-esteem.
Families keep track of their reading time on simple reading logs.
Families keep tzedaka boxes for charitable purposes.
Families know as families.
Families know best.
Families know facts.
Families know how much money they can invest in a college education for their children.
Families know it.
Families know that it is best to keep their dirty laundry in the home.
Families know that prisons can be a dangerous place.
Families know that they are most happy when together.
Families know that they can get help at school for a variety of problems.
Families know they can depend on our variety, high quality and good value in a comfortable setting.
Families know when a member is acting differently than before the traumatic event.
Families lack adequate shelter and needlessly suffer through the harsh rainy season.
Families lack time, money, or both.
Families learn about museum jobs through hands-on activities.
Families learn communication techniques to resolve conflicts.
Families learn methods artists use and then try similar techniques in the studio.
Families learn that computers can be user-friendly.
Families learn through field trips and informal activities off site.
Families learn to replicate holiday celebrations and observances through experiential learning.
Families learn to use Finnish through music, stories, games, arts and meals.
Families learn together.
Families learn ways to improve communication, self-esteem and decision making skills.
Families learn, together, the skills to enjoy a lifetime of investigation.
Families learning and reading together is important to improving literacy rates.
Families leave their homes early in the morning, walk to their farms, and return home at dusk.
Families leave their shelters in better shape than they came in.
Families light a candle or oil lamp, set near a mirror and a portrait of Zarathustra.
Families like chickens.
Families like goats.
Families like to reserve the camp for reunions, cookouts, and camp outs.
Families like turkeys.
Families line the roadsides, flashing gap-tooth grins as bike after bike blows by.
Families listed below have multiple histories posted.
Families live and sleep together in one room shanties, exposing girls to predatory older relatives.
Families live at the center two or three months while they find employment.
Families live by integrity.
Families live in a group of rooms in a Pueblo.
Families live in a rapidly changing world.
Families live in different homes.
Families live in extreme poverty.
Families live in habitats.
Families live in homes.
Families live in poverty.
Families live in ruined buildings with no heat or water.
Families live in rural compounds in Tamale, Ghana.
Families live in rustic cabins.
Families live in separate structures, houses vary in form and material.
Families live in shady habitats.
Families live in small, mud-walled huts covered by plastic tarps.
Families live in states.
Families live in the midst of violence.
Families live in towns.
Families live individually, seeking shelter and protection under trees.
Families live life through such stories around the table, and pictures passed around.
Families live packed in unheated buildings that bear the scars of the shelling.
Families live side by side, in life and death.
Families live together and a sense of community thrives even in school.
Families live together in compounds.
Families live with inherited meaning.
Families live with the everpresent fear of relocation to death camps.
Families live with their heads down struggling to survive.
Families living along the border face some of our nation s most severe health challenges.
Families living along the route drum their support on saucepans on their balconies.
Families living here survive by cutting down timber and raising cattle.
Families Living in a French home provides an immediate introduction to life abroad.
Families living in poverty have every interest in saving money on heating fuel and electricity.
Families living in squatter homes or shantytowns struggle daily to meet their most basic needs.
Families living in the urban Midwest and rural areas have the lowest child-rearing expenses.
Families living off social welfare are in the worst material situation.
Families lodge land claims against luxury game reserve.
Families look a lot different today.
Families look forward to meeting new friends who share their interest in music.
Families look to schools for support.
Families looking for a religious dimension to their holiday can read from the Bible.
Families looking for live in help experience the best results.
Families lose about half of the clutch each year.
Families lose everything in an earthquake.
Families lose friends.
Families lose homes, and worse.
Families lose savings, college and retirement funds.
Families lose their homes, again.
Families lose their homes.
Families loss their loved ones.
Families love and care for each other.
Families love animals.
Families love cats.
Families love dogs.
Families love hearing good news from school.
Families love it and many make it an annual event to kick off the holiday season.
Families love it.
Families love our larger units.
Families love our program combining recreation, social interaction, and academics.
Families love our summer day and evening supervised children's programs.
Families love parrots.
Families love rabbits.
Families love shopping for their food and are grateful for the opportunity to choose.
Families love Tamarind Reef for getting together.
Families love that kind of versatility.
Families love the extra large rooms and amenities.
Families love the extra large rooms with bunk beds in the junior suites.
Families love the Kids Pay Their Age program.
Families love the quick ride and stable feel.
Families love to look at a map of their community.
Families love to see their young athletes immortalized in a highlight tape.
Families love unconditionally and easily.
Families maintain a storeroom where they keep corn that has been dried in the sun.
Families maintain relatives.
Families make a community more stable.
Families make a difference.
Families make a great effort to come together to celebrate their memories of their loved ones.
Families make a strong commitment to send they children to college.
Families make a variety of decisions.
Families make a wide variety of choices regarding their goals, their finances, and their resources.
Families make a written application stating the reasons for the subsidy.
Families make all job offers.
Families make arrangements.
Families make choices based on their cultural backgrounds.
Families make choices.
Families make choices.
Families make controversial decisions.
Families make decisions.
Families make effort.
Families make elaborate preparations for the day long event.
Families make Herculean efforts to care for frail and ill loved ones.
Families make homes here to raise their children in rural safety.
Families make it a special time for their children.
Families make it a tradition to shop and visit the store.
Families make it happen.
Families make joint excursions into the countryside.
Families make limited phone calls to find the right resources.
Families make monthly house payments, which are generally adjusted based on income.
Families make offerings on their Buddhist altars, and visit the family graves.
Families make people.
Families make skeletons masks to wear to the parade.
Families make the commitment to adopt the children if and when it becomes legally possible.
Families make the decision to homeschool out of a strong commitment to their children.
Families make tough choices.
Families make up a large proportion of our membership.
Families make up society.
Families make up the basis of every society.
Families manufacture the building materials that are then used to build their homes.
Families mean life and a lot of love.
Families mean overnight stays.
Families mean women.
Families Meet a live falcon up close and learn why it is a skilled hunter.
Families meet in cordiality and exchange pleasantries.
Families meet new friends.
Families meet together for opening icebreaker.
Families meet weekly for a variety of learning experiences.
Families meet with professionals in the comfort of their homes to learn positive interaction skills.
Families migrate into minivans and larger sedans.
Families mingle with couples and singles along the concrete walkway.
Families ministering to families is a very useful model.
Families mourn death.
Families move apart and they lose track of each other.
Families move from one job to another to better their financial situation.
Families move here for our great school system and family oriented community activities.
Families move here, just so they can send their children to our schools.
Families move house - and children lose familiar social and school structures.
Families move in and out frequently, depending on work situations.
Families move in and out of the district as they seek jobs and affordable housing.
Families move in.
Families move into their homes only when all homes are finished.
Families move many times and members of many nuclear families live many miles apart.
Families move often, so many students come and go throughout the year.
Families move out, unattached adults move in.
Families move slowly but steadily through the program.
Families move to different communities.
Families move towards suburbs as they earn more money - often in search of better schools.
Families move, break up, changing schools and neighborhoods.
Families move, change jobs, take vacations, and have computer systems that occasionally fail.
Families Moving Forward provides aftercare and follow-up services.
Families Moving Forward provides emergency shelter for families temporarily without homes.
Families moving into Arlington are appalled at the substandard conditions in the public schools.
Families moving to a new neighborhood are always concerned about the location.
Families moving to the New York area often find the site particularly useful.
Families naturally get together to explore common interests, socialize, discuss, debate, celebrate.
Families never stop growing and learning from each other.
Families never stop loving, even when one of their members does an absolutely horrible thing.
Families normally consult doctors within the surrounding locale of their home.
Families normally leave the facility after the body is placed in the retort.
Families normally seek to reconcile such problems informally, and, if necessary, communally.
Families normally travel in their own cars.
Families now compose the largest and fastest growing segment of the homeless population.
Families now have an alternative to placing their loved one in a nursing home or other institution.
Families now have their own pediatrician and a medical home.
Families now have two, three and four cars because the children are all working.
Families now pay more in taxes than they do for food, clothing, and shelter combined.
Families now sit, and watch television, as they mourn.
Families now wash in warm water during the winter.
Families observe first hand how the kelp beds are actually a forest under the sea.
Families occasionally disagree.
Families occasionally wish to spend time with the deceased child before leaving the hospital.
Families occupy areas.
Families occupy distinct territory.
Families occupy habitats.
Families occupy territory.
Families occur in temperate zones.
Families occur in zones.
Families offer a private room, linens, and towels.
Families offer attention.
Families offer friendship, hospitality and knowledge of the community.
Families offer treatments.
Families only have so much money to spend.
Families only have to be out of the house during the day for one or two days.
Families only survive due to backyard agriculture.
Families open their doors to let the dragon bring luck into their homes.
Families open up picnic baskets, and put on hats to block the strong summer sunshine.
Families operate according to certain rules.
Families operate as part of a total system.
Families operate on a more flexible schedule and within an informal support system.
Families opting to make two trips can expect each trip to be approximately five days.
Families order take-out food from time to time.
Families order the background investigation, and pay for it directly.
Families ought to be able to deduct their part, too.
Families ought to be able to thrive on the equivalent of one full-time wage.
Families own homes.
Families own mammals.
Families own most of the farmland in Libya.
Families own pets.
Families own private living units and run their own financial affairs.
Families pack briefcases, backpacks and cell phones before heading out the door.
Families paint playground equipment and tables, plant gardens, and install benches on weekends.
Families paint their homes to give it a new look.
Families participate and are the primary labor force in the gardens.
Families participate at school and, through collaboration with staff, enrich communication at home.
Families participate in decision making at all levels and find the services they receive beneficial.
Families participate in in-service trainings with providers, agencies and health plans.
Families participate in the presentation of the gifts.
Families participate in the program of care.
Families participate in weekly family therapy.
Families participating in the program choose their health, dental and vision plan.
Families participating in the research include both 'traditional' and 'blended'.
Families participating in the settlement are from as far away as California, Texas and New Jersey.
Families particularly influence the development of social and emotional competence.
Families pass on cultural values, beliefs, and traditions using their home language.
Families pay a low monthly premium for health insurance.
Families pay a low monthly premium, based on the plan chosen and the number of children covered.
Families pay a premium.
Families pay according to their ability, and the levy money covers the rest.
Families pay an earnings-related fee.
Families pay as they go for activities.
Families pay both income and other federal taxes.
Families pay fees set by the center or family child care provider.
Families pay for services on a sliding scale.
Families pay for their homes through sweat equity hours and zero interest loans.
Families pay more in taxes than food, clothing and shelter combined.
Families pay most of that cost themselves.
Families pay no taxes on the earnings, as long as the money is used for education expenses.
Families pay on a sliding scale based on income.
Families pay on a sliding-scale basis, according to their financial means.
Families pay one flat fee per month for the service they receive.
Families pay only a web services fee, no placement fees ever.
Families pay people.
Families pay prevention costs and suffer loss of income from repeated attacks.
Families pay rent based on income.
Families pay school taxes.
Families pay state and local taxes as well.
Families pay taxes for using radios and televisions in their homes.
Families pay the price at home.
Families pay the provider's regular child care rates.
Families pay the rest.
Families perceive extra commitments as a threat to their time together.
Families perform countless unseen tasks that prepare children to sit still and learn.
Families perform many vital functions for society.
Families perform tasks.
Families personalize their homes through the selection of paint colors and floor coverings.
Families pick up on that right away when they visit.
Families picnic in bay or Gulf-front parks.
Families picnic in the city of memories.
Families picnic in the shade, their meals flavoring the air with scents of charcoal and beef.
Families picnic on the bay or Gulf front parks.
Families pile in for picnic destinations and low-tide exploration.
Families pitch plastic tarps from driftwood sticks for shade.
Families plan a Three Sisters Garden and seeds are chosen.
Families plan birthdays, reunions and weddings around their children's games.
Families plan for and pay college expenses in very different ways, and over a number of years.
Families plan meetings that involve discussion groups, speakers, panels and social activities.
Families plan their summer vacations around the pools and creeks of local motels and campgrounds.
Families plan their vacations around the camps.
Families planning a bar mitzvah or other event find both kinds of books indispensable.
Families planning a beach vacation can find out whether the water is safe for swimming.
Families play a big role in encouraging the socialisation of girls into sport.
Families play a big role in military readiness.
Families play a crucial role in the workplace readiness of their members.
Families play a far more important role in the development of a child's gifts than do schools.
Families play a fundamental role in the development of children.
Families play a very important role in our individual lives and in society.
Families play a very important role in stimulating student interest.
Families play a vital role in educating children.
Families play a vital role in educat-ingchildren.
Families play a vital role in the formation of a child's early attitudes, behaviors and habits.
Families play a vital role in the growth of a healthy community.
Families play a vital supportive role in any treatment process.
Families play a vital, active, and responsible role in the education of children.
Families play among breakers within sight of the greatest commercial city ever conjured by humanity.
Families play an essential role in society, whose permanence they guarantee.
Families play an important role in decreasing isolation and increasing hope for the patient.
Families play an important role in support and understanding.
Families play an important role in supporting residents during their stay.
Families play and learn in exciting, hands-on exhibits.
Families play games and hear music played by the band and chorus.
Families play on the slopes.
Families play the central role in the team.
Families plead for a blood donation to save the life of their child who has leukemia.
Families possess pets.
Families possess the inherent capacity to heal themselves.
Families post jobs.
Families potentially contribute towards social capital at a family, community and national level.
Families practice cost-effectiveness and expect the same from health systems.
Families practice skills and have fun together during the second hour.
Families pray, sing, draw pictures and teach one another biblical lessons.
Families precede persons of the same name.
Families prefer playgrounds and a sense of community.
Families prefer rooms with microwaves, refrigerators and easy access to buses for school and work.
Families prefer to invest and rationally so in their males.
Families prepare for and handle moves in different ways.
Families prepare morning and evening meals in their cabins.
Families prepare special dishes to enjoy and celebrate the New Year.
Families protect children.
Families provide a person's first education about sexuality.
Families provide a support system to guide individuals through various life stages and life events.
Families provide a unique opportunity for testing, learning, and teaching values.
Families provide all food that infants are served.
Families provide an important sense of personal history, a sense of belonging.
Families provide bathing, linens, meals, and comfort.
Families provide breakfast and dinner each day.
Families provide capital.
Families provide clothing, toiletries and school supplies.
Families provide cultural, intellectual, social, and economic resources for achievement.
Families provide dinner and breakfast.
Families provide each other with emotional support.
Families provide easy access to family-related services and information.
Families provide environments.
Families provide financial capital.
Families provide home stay and support for the student.
Families provide home stay and support for the youth.
Families provide informal care for nearly eighty percent of frail older adults.
Families provide information about their children by filling out online questionnaires.
Families provide letters, photos, and contact information.
Families provide love and hope.
Families provide love and teach values essential to becoming good citizens.
Families provide love, support, and a family away from home.
Families provide much of the necessary caregiving for relatives.
Families provide primary care-giving for most people who have mental illness.
Families provide private room, three meals a day, laundry service for seven days a week.
Families provide pupils with adequate room and board.
Families provide room and partial board and a variety of services, including laundry.
Families provide room and partial board, laundry and a variety of other services.
Families provide room and partial board.
Families provide room, board and friendship.
Families provide stable environments.
Families provide strong role models when it comes to community service.
Families provide the basic care and support to most older dependent people.
Families provide the majority of care to chronically ill and disabled loved ones living at home.
Families provide the majority of care, even nursing services, without training or support.
Families provide their own bedding and toiletries.
Families provide their stories about how they said goodbye to loved ones.
Families provide vital support and direct care for their ill loved ones.
Families pull together and children learn to cope with and adjust to change.
Families pull together at the time of a family crisis or illness or very special celebration.
Families purchase and cook their own meals and clean up after themselves.
Families purchase curriculum and learning resources in addition to tuition.
Families purchase the home and lease the land from the trust.
Families purchase the homes interest free.
Families purchase the homes through interest free mortgages.
Families purchase the houses at no profit through interest free loans.
Families purchasing a static caravan make a long term commitment, involving significant outlay.
Families quake in their boots at the mere mention of child protection services.
Families qualify for the state subsidized program based on state determined criteria.
Families qualifying to receive child care assistance have to meet certain guidelines.
Families quarrel amongst themselves.
Families question the purity of their once clean and abundant drinking water.
Families raise cats.
Families raise cattle.
Families raise rabbits, chickens and sometimes even a pig in one room of their house or apartment.
Families raise their children in well-kept homes across the street from suspected drug houses.
Families raising children with disabilities deserve access to health care for their children.
Families range from married professionals to retirees.
Families reach decisions.
Families reach the summit and fall together on their knees in prayer.
Families react in a variety of ways to stressful events.
Families read together, followed by supper and a storyteller.
Families realize the variety of ways they can contribute in the classroom to the teacher.
Families reap the most benefits, because minivans are great people carriers.
Families rebuild relationships.
Families receive a handout with weekly devotion helps.
Families receive a medical card and a guardianship subsidy.
Families receive a monthly stipend during the baby's first year.
Families receive a premium subsidy and lower cost-sharing according to their income.
Families receive a special ticket price.
Families receive a state voucher to pay the tuition.
Families receive a summary of their child's performance.
Families receive an assessment of their understanding and ability to follow the prescribed protocol.
Families receive an identification bracelet and clothing labels for the individual affected.
Families receive assistance in paying for diapers, medicine, and the like.
Families receive budget forms and instructions.
Families receive case management services from a nurse for a year.
Families receive counselling in how to deal with problems and in developing healthy environments.
Families receive food referrals, assistance with utilities, and other services when appropriate.
Families receive food supplements and money for tuition and school supplies.
Families receive free gifts, coupons, retail checks and newsletters.
Families receive housing search and other support services.
Families receive information on citizenship goals and related skills for students.
Families receive intensive services while their adolescent is in residential treatment at camp.
Families receive no fees for hosting.
Families receive notice of approval within two weeks.
Families receive only one subscription, but each member retains all rights and privileges.
Families receive PCs and Playstation units to support literacy skill-building.
Families receive primary care services long-term.
Families receive priority for all houses.
Families receive reminder calls when immunizations are due.
Families receive reports and compensation for completion of the study.
Families receive scholarships based on eligibility rules of individual STOs.
Families receive services in their home, community settings and agency offices.
Families receive support for up to five years.
Families receive support from nurses, aides, counselors, clergy, and volunteers.
Families receive support, counselling and referrals.
Families receive technical assistance and training and homeownership counseling.
Families receive the same training through their unit and in frequent community-wide classes.
Families receive training about community services and agencies.
Families receive training regarding effective advocacy techniques.
Families receive training regarding the transition-related planning process.
Families receive updated quarterly progress reports and child photos.
Families receive workshop materials and dinner at each workshop.
Families receiving cash out benefits get a check instead of food stamp coupons.
Families receiving respite for their individual with special needs report many benefits.
Families receiving the benefit get a check instead of food stamp coupons.
Families receiving the benefit get a monthly check instead of food stamp coupons.
Families receiving the benefits get a check instead of food stamp coupons.
Families recoil in shame.
Families reconnect before a blank television.
Families recount their roles in a rescue for generations.
Families recruiting live in help report the greatest success staffing their positions.
Families recycle in their own house.
Families reduce the number of children they choose to have.
Families refuse to purchase homes in neighborhoods where schools are failing.
Families regularly enjoy picnicking and playing in the grassy area around the cave's entrance.
Families regularly move from house to house and from town to town.
Families reinforce relationships through symbolic mechanisms of rituals.
Families relax in the shade of the trees.
Families relocate, boredom takes hold, or better offers lure employees away.
Families relocating from other parts of the nation are frequent users of the internet to find homes.
Families rely on food stamps, help out with the cotton harvest, work in the school system.
Families remain in a private suite throughout labor, delivery and recovery.
Families remain in control of care giving style.
Families remain intact throughout the winter until they return to the breeding grounds.
Families remain loosely associated during summer before young disperse in the autumn.
Families remain on the brooding grounds until the goslings die or fledge.
Families remain the most important buffer between individuals and the stresses of life.
Families remain with no news, sometimes for twenty years.
Families remain with the patients during a recovery period of only a few hours before discharge.
Families remember how their members are treated.
Families report closer ties and increased commitment to the community and schools.
Families report that their children are learning.
Families represent a shrinking portion of Colorado households.
Families require a great deal of attention.
Families require a home in which to raise their children and create fond memories.
Families require adequate support from the community.
Families reside in completely furnished single family homes for up to one year.
Families respect one another and appreciate what each member of the family contributes.
Families return the tapes to the school to be catalogued into the video library.
Families return to the resort year after year.
Families return to the same spots year after year.
Families return year after year for our summer school programs.
Families reveal how traffic makes for hectic routines, triggers road rage, and road deaths.
Families reward everybody equally, while businesses reward performance and responsibility.
Families ruin themselves economically by spending all their savings in fees claimed by quacks.
Families run more smoothly when everyone works together as a team,sharing responsibilities.
Families run sidewalk stalls for their own profit.
Families save money in an escrow account, and then use the savings to buy the home.
Families save money, store food, and plan far in advance for Tet, major holiday in Vietnam.
Families save on long distances calls, paper, and stamps.
Families savor the life they build here.
Families say that they are entitled to know the truth.
Families say that when expenses exceed income.
Families say the apology comes too late.
Families say the system does work and defendants are being executed to pay for their crimes.
Families say they usually do.
Families say together for about nine to ten months.
Families scoop out the inside of the pumpkins to create ghosts pumpkins.
Families scramble for coveted slots in a handful of high-achieving schools.
Families see opportunity.
Families see the nurses and volunteers who provide physical and emotional support.
Families see their disposable income swallowed by excessive loan payments and fees.
Families see there are ways to spend free quality time together while getting exercise.
Families seek answers.
Families seek assistance.
Families seek financial assistance.
Families seek out something different.
Families seek out ways to participate together in activities that build and serve their communities.
Families seek prayers for loved ones who are sick or have been in accidents.
Families seek providers that are comfortable learning as well as teaching.
Families seek ways to move on.
Families seeking assistance apply thorough their local public housing agency .
Families seeking new homes weigh a community's appeal by the quality of the schools.
Families seeking to adopt have their own mini web sites.
Families seem able to cope and adapt, especially when appropriate services are available.
Families seem to be comfortable with the District.
Families seem to be using resources to help improve parenting skills.
Families select and rank four schools in their district in order of preference.
Families sell belongings in order to get shoes, clothing and schoolbags.
Families sell subscriptions to hundreds of magazines, including renewals.
Families sell their businesses.
Families sell their shell products in the Honiara city market.
Families selling books receive proceeds as a credit on their school bill.
Families send children to school ready to learn.
Families send their children into armies and bonded labor, or sell their daughters as sex workers.
Families separated by war find each other in cyberspace.
Families serve as lending institutions for many college students.
Families serve as the main tool for that function.
Families serve as the matrix of our identity.
Families serve as transmitters of culture to the youths.
Families serve diners.
Families serve on commissions reviewing expenditures for children with special health care needs.
Families serve on statewide and local public and private policymaking boards.
Families shape individuals' emotional templates, good and bad.
Families share a meal together.
Families share accommodations and meals at regular rates.
Families share bathrooms and are equally responsible for keeping it clean at all times.
Families share characteristics.
Families share common histories and traditions, and they share the language.
Families share feelings and experiences and continue grief work.
Families share genes and the kitchen.
Families share in learning about important scientific processes, concepts, themes and topics.
Families share in taking care of kids and extended family is usually more closely involved.
Families share information about resources with other families.
Families share information.
Families share life styles and genetics and provide support for each other.
Families share many traits together.
Families share meal times in our spacious dining room.
Families share news of events, classes and field trips and other interesting info.
Families share one bowl and one pot , and sometimes there are no beds.
Families share pictures of their children with the world.
Families share the cost of respite on a sliding scale.
Families share their experiences and information about community services and facilities.
Families share their experiences in relating to gay and lesbian children.
Families share their knowledge to help teams understand what is the best way to meet their needs.
Families share their previous birth failures, frustrations and fears.
Families share their values about sexuality.
Families share universal characteristics.
Families shoot off strips of firecrackers to help the children find their way home.
Families shop in supermarkets after all, and sex has no place in the business of raising families.
Families shop smarter, improve diets.
Families show concern.
Families show cooperation.
Families shuffle like zombies around the village, barely illuminated by the glowing dioramas.
Families sign up for boxes that can feed up to six people.
Families signing up two or more children are eligible for special payment arrangements.
Families simply provide for their child's clothing, medical care, and personal needs.
Families sing a Hanukkah song while watching the candles burn.
Families sing and dance together and are encouraged to respond spontaneously to music.
Families sing traditional songs, exchange gifts, and play dreidle .
Families sit at long tables, and small children run about excitedly.
Families sit cross-legged in the grass playing cards that are still officially outlawed.
Families sit down to eat dinner.
Families sit on corners, selling American flags from their pick-up trucks.
Families sit under pastel umbrellas, oblivious.
Families sleep eight to a room.
Families sleep on quilts on the floor and have to cook outside.
Families smile giddily.
Families speak of a maze of community services and often get lost in the system.
Families speak only Spanish and are very friendly.
Families spend a significant portion of their time learning from involvement outside the home.
Families spend about an hour visiting the different activity tables.
Families spend excess money all the time.
Families spend less time with one another.
Families spend more for education when there are boys in the household than when there are girls.
Families spend relaxing time together.
Families spend the holiday enjoying and having fun together.
Families spend their summers playing on the beach, boating or just walking the quiet streets.
Families spend their weekends here, barbecuing, beaching and relaxing, with lifeguards on duty.
Families spend time together in a supportive way to enhance their relationships and bonds.
Families spend time together to learn about each other as well as to learn about facts and ideas.
Families sponsor huge feasts and gift giving festivals honoring events of the past year.
Families spread blankets and picnic cloths out on the grass.
Families stand at the center of society.
Families stand out.
Families start to break apart.
Families stationed overseas have to wait until they are stateside to file for citizenship.
Families stay at local hostelries or with friends or family nearby.
Families stay at local lodges or hotels.
Families stay at local lodges.
Families stay connected despite their physical separation.
Families stay for an average of four to six weeks.
Families stay for generations.
Families stay here forever.
Families stay in a room together at night.
Families stay in cabins or rooms with centrally located bathrooms.
Families stay in canvas covered teepees nestled in the woods.
Families stay in either private rooms in the main Lodge or cabins on main camp.
Families stay in individual thatched-roof cottages.
Families stay in their own cabins and eat meals together in the lodge.
Families stay in three housekeeping cottages, originally servants's quarters.
Families Stay in touch with friends or family out of state.
Families stay put.
Families stay stable.
Families stay together in the same territory for many years.
Families staying can receive a beeper and keep in close contact with hospital nursing staff.
Families Staying downtown is a family's best bet.
Families staying inland can enjoy a day at the seaside or visit the colleges and backs of Cambridge.
Families staying on the concierge level get six free meals for the kids.
Families staying overnight at nearby hotels often drop in for dinner.
Families still call each other over for a cup of tea or coffee, and a chat.
Families still can choose to apply for only one program.
Families still collect traditional foods and pass the knowledge on to their children.
Families still conduct ancestral rites and visit the graves of their forebears.
Families still do things together because there's something for everyone.
Families still laugh together and dogs are still man's best friend.
Families still suffer the effects.
Families stock up on groceries.
Families straddle the frontiers and cross-border trade is a strong tradition.
Families strengthen values, Values enrich life.
Families strive to keep up with neighbors.
Families strive to land at least one member in a government job.
Families strive to maintain the status quo.
Families stroll along the streets as the sun goes down.
Families stroll through the streets with arms interlocked, and laughter drifts out from the pubs.
Families struggle amidst the earthquake-related damage in India.
Families struggle as they have to spend an ever-increasing portion of their income on housing.
Families struggle desperately to make sense of what has occurred.
Families struggle following the losses of sons, fathers, husbands and brothers in combat.
Families struggle to see their kids can grow up strong and healthy.
Families struggle to stay intact.
Families struggle with many kinds of issues and demands.
Families struggling to obtain basic food and shelter, for instance, can be sure that more is better.
Families struggling to survive in developing countries put all members to work, young and old alike.
Families struggling with rarer ailments are worse off.
Families suffer as a result.
Families suffer huge losses while the drug addict steals, lies, gets arrested and goes to jail.
Families suffer needlessly.
Families suffer the pain too.
Families suffer too.
Families suffer, as a consequence.
Families supply the best road map.
Families supply their own clergy for services held in four covered shelters on the property.
Families supply their own linen.
Families supply their own lunch.
Families support and help one another.
Families support decisions.
Families support each other and families also have squabbles.
Families support the growth of the community, and growth becomes exponential.
Families support their children's learning and development.
Families support their child's learning and development.
Families supported by minimum wage workers still live in poverty.
Families supporting one another is kind of a lost art.
Families survive as migrant workers, traveling the nation as the seasons of produce change.
Families survive better during a crisis if they can weather the emergency together.
Families survive on small welfare payments and on what they can forage.
Families tackle math as a game-Together.
Families Take a fun AND educational family vacation.
Families take actions.
Families take advantage of our low cost of living, healthy lifestyle and excellent public schools.
Families take care.
Families take drastic actions.
Families take great pride in their new homes.
Families take home plastic banks shaped like bread loaves along with activity suggestions.
Families take leased horses home for several months before buying an animal.
Families take many forms now.
Families take no more than two students at the same time.
Families take on many different forms in our world.
Families take road trips.
Families take steps to ensure that they have at least one son.
Families take time.
Families take trips.
Families take vacations.
Families take work, and resources cost money.
Families taking care of families it s a great concept with great potential.
Families Talk About . . .
Families talk and laugh and share stories with each other.
Families teach moral virtues.
Families tell how they did it.
Families tend to appreciate the parents-only time created when kids are occupied with their own fun.
Families tend to be large, but members of the present generation seem determined to cut back.
Families tend to be large, with four or more children.
Families tend to be more happy and successful when they have shared values and goals.
Families tend to be small.
Families tend to congregate near the parks.
Families tend to dismiss it as part of the normal aging process.
Families tend to favour the Southern end, the gay communities the North end.
Families tend to find more time to spend together.
Families tend to have some good times out there.
Families tend to participate in many more learning opportunities on a regular basis.
Families tend to relate things from oldest to the youngest.
Families tend to remain in denial.
Families tend to stay for longer periods in shelters.
Families tend to stick together.
Families tend to use camp meetings as a way to mark the passage of their lives.
Families tend to use food banks for longer periods of time.
Families tend towards the earlier seatings.
Families then become re-energized about their civic responsibilities.
Families then contact each other and form their own car pools.
Families then have a set amount of time to complete the formal application process.
Families then have approximately one month to make their decisions.
Families then participate in a hands-on workshop.
Families then turn to other state and local agencies for financial support.
Families there are usually larger than American families.
Families there crave lower taxes, less crime and better schools.
Families there have few resources to build aids and equipment for their disabled children.
Families there have members on both sides and have used trails to go back and forth for centuries.
Families thrive despite typical small-town inconveniences.
Families thrive in healthy neighborhoods with access to economic opportunities and social networks.
Families thrive in Jefferson County.
Families thrive in the freedom and fresh air, and the traditions of years ago.
Families thrive on traditions, too.
Families thrive when they are part of a community in which they participate and contribute.
Families thrive when women and men share the responsibilities and joys of family life.
Families Together is a support group for parents of children with special needs.
Families Together links Helping Parents to parents with similar concerns for support and friendship.
Families Together offers events and learning opportunities for the whole family.
Families traditionally live in multigenerational households.
Families traditionally take their last vacation of the summer during that time.
Families traditionally take their samovars and rugs out into the country side and enjoy a picnic.
Families travel more frequently.
Families travel to or from the villages to be with each other.
Families travel to Romania, staying approx.
Families travel to their ancestral sites.
Families travel to tournaments, buy utility vehicles and eat out.
Families travel together, driving across the state or even across country to participate.
Families traveling to the hospital from distant areas have many options for accommodations.
Families traveling together can combine exemption amounts.
Families traveling together can pool their exemptions.
Families truly can be eternal.
Families try to at least sit down together for dinner.
Families try to hide or avoid problems through alcohol.
Families try to walk together.
Families trying to move back into their flooded homes face an overwhelming job.
Families turn out in full to celebrate the new year.
Families typically are in the home for six months.
Families typically like to live near quality schools.
Families typically live in houses built of mud bricks or stone, with tile or straw roofs.
Families typically participate two hours a week throughout the school year.
Families typically receive services at least weekly, over a period of six months or more.
Families undergo severe stress in a refugee environment.
Families undertake a different project every month.
Families undertake ablutions and offer puja.
Families use diets.
Families use different types of rituals as they move from one state of development to the next.
Families use E-mail to stay in touch.
Families use food.
Families use it to keep in touch.
Families use methods.
Families use paper.
Families use sprinklers.
Families use the holiday time to travel to the homes of family and close friends.
Families use the oven for take-out dinners and pizza parties.
Families use the site.
Families using treadle pumps withdraw from the local labor market to work their own lands.
Families Valued Gays and lesbians often face barriers when they want to become parents.
Families vary enormously in structure and size.
Families vary in their level of tolerance for the family member's physical condition.
Families vary in their levels of comfort with nudity, in general.
Families victimized in Florida fight back.
Families visit and bring food.
Families visit and join in the fun.
Families visit each other frequently.
Families visit each other to share feasts.
Families visit each other with prayers and song.
Families visit friends and relatives dressed in colorful clothes.
Families visit graves to pay their respects to founding ancestors.
Families visit one another and the mood is very festive.
Families visit school as often as they like.
Families visit temples to pay respect to their ancestors.
Families visit the graves of dead relatives.
Families visit the graves of their ancestors to bow and clean the area for the coming winter.
Families visit the graves of their ancestors to bow and clean the area for winter.
Families visit their neighbors and gifts are exchanged.
Families visit there and gather together for games and family parties.
Families visit with relatives, and there are plenty of fireworks, street fairs and parades.
Families volunteer their time and expertise to assist parents and consumers.
Families volunteer to be guests or hosts.
Families volunteer to be part of the program.
Families volunteer to host for each week s fellowship.
Families wake up before dawn to eat a light breakfast.
Families walk in a parade to the cemetery to clean the graves.
Families walk through the bus and receive treats as they leave.
Families warn that some individuals are bothered more than others by side effects.
Families wash their carpets, wax their furniture, and redecorate their homes.
Families watch and learn as their children begin to walk again.
Families water their lawns during the hot summer months to maintain a cooling, green lushness.
Families weaken as the state grows stronger.
Families welcome - come as guests, leave as friends.
Families welcome .
Families welcome and childcare available.
Families welcome and childcare services available.
Families welcome and children encouraged to attend.
Families welcome and great sunset views.
Families welcome any time.
Families welcome either one or two students into their homes.
Families welcome for guided tour.
Families welcome for guided tours.
Families welcome home spy plane crew.
Families welcome in adjacent hall.
Families welcome, children's play area, wildlife trails, warm Alaskan hospitality all year long.
Families Welcome, children's play area, wildlife trails, warm Alaskan hospitality all year long.
Families welcome, however no pets.
Families welcome, pets negotiable.
Families welcome, treats served.
Families welcome. . .
Families welcome. .
Families will have peace.
Families win when their loved ones no longer suffer.
Families win when they receive cash for recycling their used children s products.
Families win, and the students win.
Families wish that they had gotten more funding and resources from outside sources.
Families wishing to view our available nannies, click here .
Families withdraw into subsistence farming.
Families witness the first bath, weighing, measuring and baby's first pediatric exam.
Families work cooperatively, reasoning and thinking logically to solve problems.
Families work for months.
Families work hard for their money and don t want it squandered by the government.
Families work hard together.
Families work in groups under the developer's supervision to construct their own homes.
Families work many more hours today than they did ten years ago, often just to make ends meet.
Families work on trust, communication, understanding other cultures and personal interaction.
Families work together for the good of all.
Families work together to fulfill projects as they learn together.
Families work together to improve conditions in the home, workplace, community, and world.
Families work together to promote mutual learning.
Families work when they are healthy and stable.
Families work with a primary therapist who is responsible for coordinating all aspects of care.
Families work with their case managers to determine the best day programs for their family member.
Families working together can stop our show.
Families worry about children getting into trouble with the law.
Families worry, and worry to an exaggerated extent.
Families worship together, go to the beach together and to the movies together.
Families wouldn t disintegrate before our very eyes in ever expanding numbers.
Family abuse the standard for orders.
Family accept Forty at either rail within either room.
Family accounts available.
Family activities a wood carver and living history are featured.
Family adds another miracle They wanted desperately to be parents.
Family advocates regularly breach privacy by telling their children's stories.
Family agrees if no progress in next month, to withdraw life support.
Family also incorporates all of the SM staff.
Family also influences consumer behavior through the family life cycle.
Family also is another word for tyranny.
Family also receive hands-on training in the important skills needed for the transition home.
Family announcements Out and about Tourist information and what's on.
Family arcade open year round.
Family are all outdoor lovers of biking, jet skiing and anything else a sunny day allows.
Family are the next challenge.
Family are welcome to participate in educational conferences with the patients and caregivers.
Family arrives . . .
Family artifacts in both houses recall life in one of New England's leading seport.
Family assess the causes.
Family attempts to help the student develop feelings of caring, self-worth, and concern for others.
Family attends weekly group sessions with therapist and support groups.
Family avoid till little silk so apply hiking trails.
Family Be sure there is open communication to address needs.
Family begins in true love, and ends in pure joy.
Family begins plans for a funeral and burial.
Family brings peace.
Family brings puppy home.
Family businesses emotional commitments to their communities stem from their longevity.
Family campgrounds with beach, stocked lakes, playground, and family planned activities.
Family can be a temple.
Family can be one of the toughest obstacles when choosing a major.
Family can cure failure by by completing compliance test.
Family can cure failure by completing compliance test.
Family can deal with stress.
Family can enjoy pumpkin festival at site.
Family can enjoy pumpkin festival on site.
Family can enjoy.
Family can get a person through the toughest of situations.
Family can live, travel, study in U.S. Can convert to permanent status.
Family can moderate their expectations.
Family can request a patient care conference with the nursing home to evaluate the situation.
Family can request the web master for a mail message with the complete information.
Family can work together.
Family caregiver expectations and management of the stroke traajectory.
Family centered care is provided through a multidisciplinary approach.
Family centered care is stressed.
Family centered care is vital.
Family characterizes our fellowship.
Family childcare workers work in their own homes.
Family clearly is the top priority.
Family Click the answer button to see the correct answer.
Family comes always first.
Family comes before a job.
Family comes before all else.
Family comes before basketball or anything else.
Family comes before friendship.
Family comes first and can endure the most difficult hardships.
Family comes first even at the expense of a career.
Family comes first in a crisis.
Family comes first than others things.
Family comes first.
Family comes from Canada and Germany.
Family comes from Nice, France.
Family comes in all colors and personalities.
Family complains about dead passenger .
Family consists of five.
Family continues to be a major theme in entries.
Family continues to do well.
Family continues to reinforce a male or female identity.
Family controls the content in the medical log.
Family cruises with a day of water sports and barbecues on a private island.
Family denies stresses.
Family dentistry in Plano, Texas.
Family dentistry including children, adults, and seniors.
Family deserts first from trenches.
Family determines monthly payment.
Family Dines Out.
Family Discuss what to do in case of a flood.
Family displays the product, process and record keeping of their home industry.
Family dominates the weekend.
Family doubts their account.
Family encourages either a male or female identity.
Family engines power hundreds of mainline and switcher locomotives worldwide.
Family enjoys snow skiing in the mountains and water skiing.
Family exists to share troubles, doubts, difficulties and joys with each other.
Family experiences Many family members have expressed sincere gratitude to Remembering with Dignity.
Family Experiences Over the Life Course.
Family faces tragedy 'It was horrific what they did.
Family farms Hard work and persistence kept the family farm going through the past century.
Family feeds together with little squabbling, even on small kills.
Family feel the squeeze.
Family fills a house.
Family find activities.
Family finds treasure in regional parks.
Family first is the commitment.
Family flees advancing Soviet troops and eventually settles near Leipzig.
Family flees Iran.
Family floats ranging in degree of rapids, and inflatable kayak tours are offered.
Family focus Taking care of families is where Shanty Creek really shines.
Family focus to encourage family participation in the delivery of services to infants and children.
Family focuses on one objective.
Family focuses on present calamity.
Family focuses on the positive and the future.
Family follows the Presbyterian faith.
Family forms an important part of our lives.
Family freebies Things to do, places to see, fun to be had, all for free.
Family garden fair featuring plant sales, live entertainment and food booths.
Family get to a century until deny web mining.
Family Get Together.
Family get togethers usually included uncles and aunts who played various instruments and sang.
Family gets bucketload of dosh.
Family gets in the way.
Family gets puppy.
Family get-together today.
Family get-togethers are frequent and a lot of fun, even for outsiders.
Family get-togethers are frequent in our family.
Family get-togethers are torture.
Family get-togethers, Church activities and visiting friends are also popular.
Family gives up after the parents' shock subsides.
Family go right go wrong.
Family Going home for the first time can be tricky.
Family grows from that covenant.
Family has clear rules and consequences and monitors the young person s whereabouts.
Family has clear rules and consequences and monitors the young person's whereabouts.
Family has clear rules and consequences and monitors the young the young person's whereabouts.
Family has clear rules and consequences and monitors youth's whereabouts.
Family has clear rules and consequences, and monitors the young person s whereabouts.
Family has clear rules and consequences, and monitors the young person's whereabouts.
Family has different picture.
Family has extra room for rent.
Family has holiday in Florida.
Family has little more sense of boundaries and emotional ties.
Family has new baby and jealous dog.
Family has no control over probate costs or delays.
Family has no other countable income.
Family has preparation, education and homestudy completed.
Family has problems with drugs, alcohol, mental illness, etc.
Family has quiet time in auditorium.
Family has roots going back into the Middle Ages of Central Europe.
Family has to do with a sense of connectedness.
Family has truck going from Miami to Wash D.C. area for a very affordable fee.
Family Having a close and loving family is important for every child.
Family here takes on a broader theme of humans working as one.
Family hikes to a shady mountain stream.
Family Homebased business owners often let their work intrude on family life.
Family hurts, but family heals, too.
Family implies commitment.
Family includes a single individual.
Family includes all persons living at the same address.
Family includes dissolution, custody, support, paternity, domestic abuse and adoption cases.
Family includes family satisfaction, family integration and parent support.
Family includes only spouses, ancestors, and lineal descendants, or any trusts for their benefit.
Family includes past, present, and future immediate and extended family.
Family includes person with whom the patient is closely associated.
Family includes siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins.
Family includes spouse, dependent children, and members of personal household.
Family includes the spouse and dependents residing with the overseas employee.
Family influences on coping processes in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease .
Family influences on coping processes in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease.
Family influences on girls' sexual experience and pregnancy risk.
Family -Inquire about similarities and differences.
Family is a basic cell of human society.
Family is a beyond-household concept.
Family is a big part of many veterans groups and families.
Family is a big part of recovery.
Family is a big thing here.
Family is a central aspect of Sinbad s life.
Family is a central experience in our lives.
Family is a challenge.
Family is a fleshed-out, yet faithful rendering of Scripture.
Family is a full-time job.
Family is a gift of strange and magnificent proportions.
Family is a great site for helpful information for today's family.
Family is a historical creation.
Family is a laboratory of learning.
Family is a major reason people move to the new subdivisions in Elk Grove and Laguna.
Family is a member of the club.
Family is a mixed bag of course.
Family is a perennial that comes up year after year, enduring the droughts of absence and neglect.
Family is a powerful part of all our lives.
Family is a priceless gift to be nurtured and sheltered.
Family is a primary influence in the development of the individual.
Family is a story.
Family is a support and advocacy group dedicated to the needs of non-traditional students.
Family is a top priority.
Family is a treasure and children are the crown jewels.
Family is a universal homecoming, a commemoration of the human spirit itself.
Family is a valuable asset in every life.
Family is a very important aspect in France.
Family is a very important aspect in the lives of middle school girls.
Family is a very important part of Moroccan social life.
Family is a very important part of our lives.
Family is a vital part of that.
Family is able to offer a flexible schedule and can work with a student's schedule.
Family is about commitment and lifelong meaning.
Family is above politics.
Family is African-American.
Family is after godliness.
Family is all about love.
Family is all fine.
Family is all important.
Family is all that really matters.
Family is all-important and the driving force of the social life.
Family is also important.
Family is also the element that can create some of our biggest life challenges.
Family is always an important aspect of life as well.
Family is always important also.
Family is always important.
Family is always more important than money.
Family is always welcome.
Family is an absolute value.
Family is an entirely different matter.
Family is an essential theme in Perry's writing.
Family is an important issue through drug court.
Family is an important part of our society.
Family is an inclusive word, and nowadays thanks to politicians it is a very popular word.
Family is an indestructible link.
Family is another important theme in the book.
Family is another thing.
Family is another very common try at a foundation.
Family is another.
Family is as important as work.
Family is asked to bring the child's adaptive devices, toys, or appropriate snacks.
Family is at an economic disadvantage.
Family is at least one adult and another member of the same household.
Family is at respective homes.
Family is at the core of child development and lifetime relationships.
Family is basis of social order.
Family is both a bond and a burden.
Family is close by and different ones stop in.
Family is closer, and therefore more emotionally involved, than our friends and neighbors.
Family is community.
Family is cool like that.
Family is dedicated to fossils, rocks, and environmental protection.
Family is defined as a group of people related by birth, marriage, or adoption who reside together.
Family is defined as any group of people with biological, emotional or legal ties.
Family is defined as husband and wife, married at least one year, with or without children.
Family is defined as immediate family members residing in the household.
Family is defined as parents and dependent children, or married couples.
Family is defined as persons living as a family at the same address.
Family is defined by function rather than bloodlines.
Family is defined by marriage, baptism, and religiously enforced concepts of kinship.
Family is definitely one.
Family is desperately concerned and anxious.
Family is devastated with loss.
Family is different things to different people.
Family is distraught over the loss.
Family is encouraged to attend.
Family is encouraged to visit later on the maternity ward.
Family is essential to an individual's well-being.
Family is essential.
Family is ever'thing.
Family is everyone brought together as one.
Family is everything.
Family is extremely important in the Somali community.
Family is extremely important to most people in Appalachia.
Family is family, and sometimes, difficulty can help bring people back together.
Family is family.
Family is fanatically Christian, and children are forced to pray and listen to Scripture readings.
Family is fine.
Family is first to receive our love.
Family is first, and the job is second.
Family is first.
Family is fit for two adults and three children.
Family is for life.
Family is foremost.
Family is forever, but marriages come and go.
Family is forever.
Family is friends and fun.
Family is from minarl county wv.
Family is fun in many ways.
Family is generally a source of support, encouragement, and comfort.
Family is given information of age appropriate developmental activities.
Family is gone, and so is any sense of spirituality.
Family is good - check.
Family is grown.
Family is hands on.
Family is here.
Family is highly aromatic.
Family is homeless or living in unstable or unsafe housing.
Family is hope throughout the days.
Family is identified as immediate unmarried children living with parents.
Family is important and frequently cruises with children or grand children.
Family is important and so is quite time.
Family is important and Southern hospitality is permeating.
Family is important in the novel and to most people in Appalachia.
Family is important to both men.
Family is important to gardeners.
Family is important, and let's face it, so is work.
Family is important, but priorities are priorities.
Family is important, so please stay in touch.
Family is important, too.
Family is important.
Family is in Beaver County, PA, census.
Family is in Chennai.
Family is in order and has right priorities.
Family is in the heart.
Family is incredibly important, mysterious, powerful.
Family is just what it sounds like.
Family is left to interpret the information and apply it when and how they see appropriate.
Family is less important.
Family is less prone to fund managers' defection.
Family is lifelong connectedness and accountability .
Family is literally the boot camp for life.
Family IS love, and perhaps there is no greater blessing.
Family is more a matter of intention than of blood.
Family is more important than footy.
Family is more important than gold.
Family is more important than government.
Family is more important then money.
Family is more than a concept.
Family is most important.
Family is nice and clear-cut.
Family is number one.
Family is obviously critical here.
Family is of primary importance, even more so than in most other Latin American countries.
Family is often a third important element in the narrative, but has a minor role.
Family is on the top of the list.
Family is one of the best online resources for family related information and activities.
Family is one of the cornerstones of the Georgian life style.
Family is one of the main tools for the structure of personality.
Family is one of the most basic social institutions.
Family is one.
Family is only once.
Family is open to receiving services.
Family is organic life flow, common life, kinship, common order, and purpose.
Family is our core value.
Family is our spiritual blueprint.
Family is out of Philly but are now in Ohio.
Family is paramount in the South.
Family is Proteaceae.
Family is referred to genetics.
Family is registered and an active member of a Catholic parish in one of the geographic areas above.
Family is rejected.
Family is relationships that twist and bend.
Family is rigid, fixed.
Family is second.
Family is seen as more important than art.
Family is so important that it has been studied in both the functional and non functional times.
Family is so important, yet so easy to take for granted.
Family is so important.
Family is so precious.
Family is source of human creation.
Family is special.
Family is still in the surounding area.
Family is still undecided.
Family is strong support system.
Family is supposed to be a blessing.
Family is the backbone of community here.
Family is the backbone of their business.
Family is the basic building block of society in general.
Family is the basic unit of civilization.
Family is the basis for any worthiness of life that keeps people together.
Family is the basis of Islamic society.
Family is the bedrock of a healthy society.
Family is the big cover up in the Christian faith.
Family is the biggest influence.
Family is the binding fiber of human experience.
Family is the business.
Family is the celebration's main focus.
Family is the cell of the society.
Family is the center, the heart of life.
Family is the center.
Family is the central concept of social behavior in India.
Family is the central issue.
Family is the context of a child s life.
Family is the core of society.
Family is the corner stone of our societies and culture, and the source of our strength.
Family is the cradle of class, gender oppression.
Family is the developmental anchor for five and six year olds.
Family is the domestic church.
Family is the entire key to happiness.
Family is the first school of manners and morals.
Family is the first source of that.
Family is the focus.
Family is the foundation for everything else in life.
Family is the foundation of a child's learning.
Family is the foundation of American life.
Family is the foundation of civilization.
Family is the fundamental unit of society.
Family is the institution theytrust.
Family is the main engine of education.
Family is the most basic group a person belongs to.
Family is the most important aspect in the world.
Family is the most important part of the statement.
Family is the most important thing for a normal person, and there can be no other alternative.
Family is the most important thing in human life.
Family is the number one priority in life, and they know their clients feel the same way.
Family is the one institution in which teens continue to express great confidence.
Family is the primary influence in the development of the individual.
Family is the primary influence on a child's development.
Family is the stable backyard of human life, is the place for relex and enjoying the life.
Family is the thread that weaves all of our other life goals together.
Family is top priority no matter what.
Family is touchy.
Family is unconditional acceptance .
Family is unity in diversity .
Family is universal.
Family is unsupportive, unloving, with a good deal of aggression, rejection, and hostility.
Family is usually second to work.
Family is utmost.
Family is very important at Genesis.
Family is very important in the south.
Family is very important there.
Family is very important to Hispanic students.
Family is very important to Russian women.
Family is very important to tamarins.
Family is very important to the Hispanic culture.
Family is very important.
Family is very much a part of one's everyday life in South America.
Family is very strong, particularly in Asian countries.
Family is very strong.
Family is very supportive.
Family is viewed by management, no matter how enlightened, as a personality flaw.
Family is what family history is all about.
Family is what has made it special.
Family is what Manhattan Beach is all about.
Family is what marriage is all about.
Family is where it begins.
Family is where it needs to stay.
Family is where it s at.
Family is where the heart is and family is where is counts.
Family is where the sacred lives in the ordinary.
Family is wife and dau.
Family is willing to compensate the right caregiver for their time and offers benefits as well.
Family is willing to relocate.
Family is wonderful, but a loving spouse is very hard to replace.
Family is worth fighting for.
Family is, for many people, what holidays are all about.
Family isa organization.
Family joins in holiday celebrations.
Family lacks social aggressiveness.
Family laughs together, cries together, wins together and loses together.
Family lays the groundwork for a life of value and meaning.
Family learn business counsel trusts family.
Family leave benefits strengthen businesses.
Family leave benefits strengthen families.
Family leave benefits work for families and businesses in the rest of the world.
Family leave is a new program.
Family leave is available.
Family leave is deducted from existing leave balances or leave without pay.
Family leave is eliminated.
Family leave is for workers who have jobs but choose to take time off for personal medical reasons.
Family leave is in addition to any other time off from the employer for being unable to work.
Family leave is separate from, and in addition to, any disability leave.
Family leave legislation covers two out of three workers in West Virginia.
Family leave proposal is being reviewed by the Trustees.
Family leave represents a way to be given time off for conditions as described in the policy.
Family leave rules issued.
Family leave to care for a child, spouse, or parent suffering from a serious health condition.
Family leave to care for elderly relative.
Family legally resides in one of the geographic areas listed above.
Family legends, like other stories, add color to the family history.
Family Let children know that school is important.
Family Let the kids follow the map.
Family likes it too.
Family link below.
Family live in the midst of smoke.
Family live in.
Family lives in Central Florida.
Family lives in the Midwest.
Family living from the farm-meat, vegetables, and fruits can cut grocery bills considerably.
Family living on the national level is shaky and uncertain.
Family look beyond now.
Family Look no further.
Family look with chrome oval grille.
Family loses the suits in favor of blue jeans and vests.
Family Make family time fun for everyone.
Family makes Murder with month for a badminton video either listen between little bee.
Family matters most.
Family matters Simple wills, simple dissolutions, name changes, ect.
Family matters Simple wills, simple dissolutions, uncontested divorces, name changes, etc.
Family means children, the guardians of our future.
Family means different things to different people.
Family means less and less in modern times.
Family means man, wife, kids.
Family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten.
Family means one or more persons occupying a single dwelling unit.
Family means that a human group develops or has developed a set of intimate.
Family meets basic requirements.
Family membersusually attend the group.
Family misses their pet.
Family mourns on both sides.
Family move to Italy for around a year.
Family moves into new schedule fairly quickly.
Family moves out of county.
Family moves to a house in Camden Town, London.
Family moves to Barking.
Family moves to Cleveland, Washington.
Family moves to Dresden.
Family moves to housing project in upper Bronx.
Family moves to live in Paris for next twenty years.
Family moves to neutral Switzerland during first world war.
Family moves to Oxford, Mississippi.
Family needs .
Family needs a driver and a swimmer.
Family needs as a whole are addressed.
Family needs help caring for their lively miracle child .
Family needs land to move frame house and raise children.
Family needs prayers.
Family needs to be a big part of the interprofessional team.
Family needs to be informed of the best approach at each stage.
Family needs, collective solutions.
Family needs, when teens stay out of school to earn money or baby-sit siblings.
Family never changes.
Family notes to be added.
Family now has a homeschooling chat.
Family now lives in Las Vegas, New Mexico.
Family now resides in Melbourne, Florida.
Family oriented hosts enjoy cooking, travel, and languages.
Family oriented information is included.
Family originally form London.
Family owned and family run.
Family owned businesses are the backbone of the U.S. economy.
Family owned ranch in southwestern Alberta welcomes cyber visitors, great pictures.
Family owns a dog and a cat.
Family owns hunting property.
Family pass available.
Family passes available.
Family passes for access to the pool are available to faculty, staff, and students.
Family passes on planner's advice A family copes with their parents failing finances.
Family passes to seven museums Wordprocessing workstation for public use.
Family pays only interest during in-school years.
Family pervades the three novels.
Family pets on a leash are welcome.
Family pets very welcome.
Family planning rumors often build to fantastic proportions.
Family planning workers there conduct monthly checks of every household to ascertain pregnancy.
Family plans as well as couples only.
Family plans no viewing.
Family play area with bumper cars - largest soft play area in Ontario.
Family play therapy with children in transition.
Family play therapy.
Family plays a central role in fishing participation.
Family plays little role in business beyond assistance at start-up.
Family portrait in front of the steam engine.
Family portrait with seven individuals.
Family portrait with the youngster.
Family practice high tech low overhead practice with a strong focus on patient eduction.
Family practice medical family.
Family prefers Memorials.
Family pretend at several mount unless kept corduroy shirts.
Family pretend at several mount unless kept salt water fly tying.
Family pretend at several mount unless kept womens sleepdress.
Family priced restaurants are everywhere, and plenty of hotels have pools.
Family programing at it's best.
Family Promote a statewide educational system for quality parenting.
Family Provides advice and information on kids, crafts, medical, recipes, and families.
Family provides names of people to whom they wish the report sent.
Family provides necessary security and support, and acts as a buffer against external problems.
Family provides room and three meals a day.
Family provides that human connection, and keeps characters grounded in a recognizable world.
Family provides the most significant answer.
Family ptg no.
Family pulls together, leans on each other and makes it possible to go on.
Family ratings Our site has been rated safe for kids by three prominent Internet rating services.
Family reading turns family members and teachers into true partners in the educational process.
Family refers to up to two adults and four children.
Family reinforces valuable characteristics within the social context.
Family remains a big part of the operation, too.
Family remains disorganized long after separation.
Family remains the first consideration here.
Family represents a safe haven and a sense of belonging.
Family requests donations in lieu of flowers to be made to All Souls.
Family requests no flowers or donations.
Family requests no flowers.
Family requires accountability.
Family reside there.
Family resides in Brooks County, single.
Family resides in Oklahoma.
Family resort open year around.
Family responses to a young adult's cult membership and return .
Family responses to a young adult's cult membership and return.
Family responses to the identification of extrafamilial child sexual abuse.
Family restrooms Any dad who's stuck with diaper duty has no reason to fret.
Family returns home and retires to bed.
Family returns to Dresden.
Family returns to Lawrence, Mass. for burial.
Family returns to Pepin, Wisconsin.
Family rivalries flame anew when a champion boat racer returns home to help a troubled boy.
Family romances that are spread out over several books can be wonderful reading.
Family run and on the bank of a river.
Family run and supervised business.
Family run attraction.
Family run buisness.
Family run business in Albany, Oregon.
Family run business that specialises in the hiring of sports bike on the South coast of England.
Family run campground on the family homestead on beautiful Resurrection Bay.
Family run colchester based florist with on-line ordering, national and international delivery.
Family run converted farmhouse.
Family run establishment offering traditional English and Italian cooking.
Family run establishment, convenient for shops, beach, cinema etc.
Family run establishment, excellent atmosphere and staff.
Family run for years.
Family run friendly yard.
Family run funeral service providing funeral arrangements for everyone.
Family run garden centre in beautiful surroundings.
Family run grocery store on ground floor.
Family run guest house offering quality accommodation at affordable prices.
Family run guest house visit our web site for more information.
Family run hotel providing warm and friendly attention.
Family run hotel three minutes from the beach and local shopping parade.
Family run hotel with a friendly atmosphere Full cooked breakfast.
Family run hotel with a growing reputation for good food.
Family run hotel with personal attention and care.
Family run hotel.
Family run in an ideal location from which to explore the Lake District.
Family run in the most intimate way with nice and clean rooms without facilities.
Family run licensed period guesthouse with en suite rooms.
Family run mortgage broker offers mortgages in the United Kingdom.
Family run multi-activity centre.
Family run pension in a quiet area of the city, within easy reach of the centre of Prague.
Family run pottery business in the heart of the Potteries.
Family run remote fly-in lodge.
Family run restaurant serving home cooked meals.
Family run restaurant with twenty years experience from the kitchens of Korea.
Family run self sufficiency style property, tours by arrangement.
Family run town centre guest house.
Family run town house hotel.
Family run Victorian guest house sympathetically restored.
Family run village Free house, restaurant and motel.
Family run with a warm welcome.
Family run with an open peat burning fire in teh common room. .
Family run with award winning food.
Family run with emphasis on good food and service.
Family run, clean comfortable newly redecorated rooms.
Family run, it's is a marvellously interesting, delightfully rustic establishment.
Family run, with a choice of two restaurants, and Italian cuisine.
Family run, with great inexpensive food.
Family run, with very high standards.
Family runs like a circus try to avoid quarrels in family.
Family says on boat coming to America from Norway.
Family See nature and sport.
Family seeks a new home for the materials.
Family seeks single with space for small excercise pool.
Family seems happier.
Family sends their love.
Family serves as an appropriate venue for anthropological praxis.
Family settles out of court in death of lab worker participating in asthma study.
Family show featuring dirt races between monster trucks, street trucks, dune buggies and more.
Family shows featuring music, jugglers, and other performers from around the world.
Family Shows great family movies on the big screen to residents surrounding Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Family speaks German.
Family specifies the general style of the font.
Family stands up for one another when times are tough or when integrity is questioned.
Family starts demanding a name for the baby.
Family stay available.
Family Stay experience offers students a rare occasion to live in a French home.
Family stay options are possible.
Family stays for school groups around Greenwich, near the millenium dome.
Family still live in the village.
Family still lives in the house.
Family still lives there.
Family still living in the area wish to make contact.
Family still matters, but in a different way.
Family still matters.
Family still operates a small dairy farm.
Family still owns land.
Family still searching for lost son It is every parent's worst nightmare - a son is missing.
Family storytelling concert is free.
Family strengthening programs can curb crime and delinquency.
Family struggles with marital and cultural conflicts.
Family sues .
Family suggests memorials to cancer research organization of choice.
Family suggests memorials to the charity of the donor's choice.
Family suggests no carnation flowers.
Family suggests no memorial gifts and donations.
Family support key to crime issue.
Family supports and services aimed at keeping the family member at home.
Family surnames with earliest recorded person,date and location in parenthesis.
Family swim for day students, staff, and families.
Family takes care of one another, always.
Family talk about drinking .
Family Talk It is always nice to have someone to talk to.
Family travels to pick up child.
Family troubles the cause.
Family typically has dinner together, seven nights a week.
Family uses a totally secure website.
Family visiting is central to successful reintegration.
Family wait for journalist's release Links to more Europe stories are at the foot of the page.
Family walk on metre-wide gravel path.
Family wants to know if medications help.
Family wishes to talk with other families.
Familys are most Welcome.
Families always care for older people.
Families always have the opportunity to schedule more individual sessions with our psychologist.
Families always help each other.
Families always improve even if the addict refuses help.
Families always take care of the elderly until death.
Families always welcome.
Family always comes first.
Family always wins.
Families frequently come together for holidays no matter how far apart their members are.
Families frequently find themselves needing more information to best care for their loved one.
Families frequently leave their communities of origin, ending up far from relatives and friends.
Families frequently live closely.
Families often ask how they can strengthen the parent -teen relationship.
Families often begin homeschooling using a complete curriculum package.
Families often benefit by having a nanny who helps with errands and light housework.
Families often bring a picnic lunch to enjoy along with the view.
Families often change school districts over the course of their children's school careers.
Families often choose Radfords as their holiday destination for many years.
Families often display great mobility.
Families often eat from a communal dish.
Families often endure greater financial obligations when caring for a loved one who is disabled.
Families often fail to take advantage of possible ways to save in purchasing life insurance.
Families often fall apart under the stress of caring for their adult child.
Families often fall in the last category.
Families often fast until early evening and visit local temples or shrines.
Families often feel guilty.
Families often find a warm and friendly church home where their children are involved in Scouting.
Families often find it hard to follow treatment recommendations.
Families often find it helpful to meet with others dealing with similar situations.
Families often find the stigma difficult to handle.
Families often find themselves out of their comfort zones.
Families often flee their villages to escape the required service.
Families often function better if decision making is democratic.
Families often gather at cemeteries to socialize among the spirits.
Families often gather for holidays, birthdays, and weddings.
Families often gather for picnics or visits to a park.
Families often get together on Sundays to have picnics or have a meal together at home.
Families often give a higher priority to their sons' education.
Families often have problems.
Families often have to borrow money from relatives or sell their land to pay.
Families often have to choose a nursing home for a loved one during a crisis.
Families often have to make life or death decisions about a patient's wishes.
Families often have to turn to a nursing home or other setting to care for their loved ones.
Families often hide the fact that they are in denial.
Families often insist that rails be raised because the resident has a history of falls.
Families often keep the body alive for days or even weeks refusing to accept the person has died.
Families often like to see the body once it has been removed from the machines and put to rest .
Families often like to see the body once it has been removed from the machines and put to rest.
Families often live further from the high school and are less able to spend time there.
Families often look for ways to keep the memory of a loved one alive after death.
Families often move because landlords offer free rent for one month.
Families often move in to the community for the expressed purpose for attending our school.
Families often place a portrait of the deceased on the altar as a remembrance.
Families often provide long-term care as well.
Families often provide poignant descriptions of their experiences as well.
Families often request donations be made to hospice in memory of a loved one at the time of death.
Families often request that gifts be made to a charity to aid others in the community.
Families often retreat to the deserts near Riyadh for short visits or longer camping trips.
Families often set unrealistic expectations, especially for people with multiple illnesses.
Families often share at best about three square metres of dirt floor.
Families often share private legacies and myths.
Families often spend more time together.
Families often suffer more from addiction than the addicts do.
Families often swap child care for an evening out with the parents of their children s friends.
Families often take the responsibility of bringing water to their sick relatives.
Families often try to shield others in the family from the reality and the pain.
Families often turn to community resources for help.
Families often unite to help each other at harvest time.
Families often use mealtime as a chance to come together and talk.
Families often wait until there is a crisis before consulting professionals.
Families sometimes are places of great pain and struggle.
Families sometimes celebrate quietly by having dinner at a local restaurant.
Families sometimes experience difficulty obtaining adequate medical services.
Families sometimes fracture.
Families sometimes have to choose a nursing home for a loved one during a crisis.
Families sometimes have to wait months to move into their own tents, but the situation is improving.
Families sometimes host more than one student at the same time.
Families sometimes plan to use pets to teach children about reproduction.
Families sometimes rent individual rooms, or basement apartments in their private homes.
Families sometimes solve their financial difficulties with the help of their children.
Families sometimes stop there to inquire about renting.
Families sometimes try to make a college decision by looking at their current budget.
Families usually attempt to reconcile such problems informally as is standard islander practice.
Families usually come weekly or every second week.
Families usually eat one main meal a day that includes vegetables, lamb, fish, and rice.
Families usually exchange some small gifts as well.
Families usually find that it is futile to argue about whose reality is the correct one.
Families usually give the children candy.
Families usually group together into communities for mutual support and protection.
Families usually have a piece made especially for display next to the urn.
Families usually have houses in four or five different locations at the higher altitudes.
Families usually have one main meal daily, including many fresh vegetables, lamb, fish, and rice.
Families usually have room to pack a few extras.
Families usually have strengths as well.
Families usually have their favorites, whether it's chocolate chip, shortbread or pinwheels.
Families usually honor the adult who died most recently.
Families usually keep lots of records and objects from the past.
Families usually request more than one session.
Families usually view divorce as the end of the family and some view death in the same manner.
All families adding new members go through an adjustment period.
All families adopting from Russia make donations in cash to the orphanage through their agency.
All families are central located within convenient distance of the program premises.
All families are currently back in their homes.
All families are different and have different spending patterns.
All families are different from one another.
All families are different.
All families are economically self-sufficient.
All families are eligible for selection.
All families are eligible for some aid.
All families are eligible to apply.
All families are eligible.
All families are hand-picked and most have had students in previous years.
All families are mines for a wealth of stories and experience.
All families are normal, no matter what their make-up.
All families are psychotic.
All families are responsible for arranging transportation to the camp in Salem, Oregon.
All families are similar, all are different.
All families are smaller, more distant.
All families are therefore dysfunctional at times.
All families are under stress to one degree or another.
All families are unique.
All families are upper middle class with very nice homes.
All families are very friendly, have some years of experience of receiving guests and speak English.
All families are welcome and the cost is free.
All families are welcome here.
All families are welcome regardless of ethnic origin or religion.
All families are welcome regardless of religious affiliation or curriculum choices.
All families are welcome to apply for financial aid.
All families are welcome.
ALL families are welcome.
All families are within walking distance of the school.
All families argue.
All families can benefit from automation of tasks.
All families can benefit from support, individually or in a group, from the time of conception.
All families can have online access to teacher-advisors, office staff, and other students.
All families deserve the opportunity to achieve the American dream of owning a home.
All families deserve the opportunity to attain the American dream.
All families develop habits, routines, and a set of rules.
All families experience both good and bad times.
All families experience conflict.
All families experience healthy and unhealthy interactions to some degree.
All families experience strains and difficulties.
All families experience stress and problems and have conflict.
All families experience stress.
All families experience such moments of redemption and grace.
All families face challenges as they experience inevitable life changes.
All families face unique challenges as they seek opportunities for themselves and their children.
All families feel special, even families with severe problems like physical or substance abuse.
All families feel special, even families with severe problems.
All families feel stress, regardless of their size, shape or economic background.
All families go through growing pains.
All families have access to effective first line treatment for malaria for their young children.
All families have areas where they are at risk, where they can improve.
All families have arguments from time to time.
All families have basic physical, emotional, and spiritual needs.
All families have competencies and know-how as well as capacities to grow and change.
All families have Conflict, particularly if there is at least one teenager in the household.
All families have conflict.
All families have different needs and it is important that the different needs are met.
All families have disagreements.
All families have dysfunctional elements.
All families have endurance, roots, and rules or limits.
All families have extra costs as a result of bringing up children.
All families have interesting stories with listening and learning value.
All families have many opportunities to learn and celebrate along with their children.
All families have many tributaries.
All families have multiple demands on their time and resources.
All families have ongoing problems that sometimes create tension.
All families have other household help.
All families have pet names.
All families have problems.
All families have rules, limits, laws and ways of enforcing family rules.
All families have rules.
All families have secrets.
All families have stories of their own.
All families have stories.
All families have strengths and capacities.
All families have strengths and skills they can contribute to their children's school success.
All families have strengths and the ability to change.
All families have strengths.
All families have the right to provide child care themselves for their children.
All families have the right to self-determination.
All families have the suffix viridae e.g.
All families have the suffix viridaee.
All families have their challenges.
All families have their own special food traditions.
All families have their share of sibling rivalry and sibling squabbles.
All families have times when they have to deal with a lot of stress and worry.
All families have traditions and mythologies of their own.
All families have trust between family members.
All families have ways of enforcing rules, limits, and the laws of their clan.
All families intending to occupy the property are eligible to apply.
All families know conflict.
All families live in Nice itself, with most in the centre of town.
All families live in or near the city center, within walking distance of the classroom building.
All families live off base on the Italian economy.
All families live off-base on the Italian economy.
All families live within walking distance of the school and town centre.
All families live within walking distance of the school.
All families now have their own telephones and televisions.
All families participating in the program are volunteers.
All families pay a portion of the cost as a co- payment.
All families pay a portion of the cost as a co-payment.
All families pay a semester enrollment fee and then students receive a discount for monthly care.
All families receive a Family Orientation Manual when their child is admitted.
All families receive follow-up care at appropriate intervals.
All families rise and fall together.
All families seek homeostasis.
All families seeking shelter start out here.
All families seem to be content with their latrine in general.
All families seem to be too busy to sit down together and share the joys and pleasures of life.
All families share common concerns about the cost of going to college.
All families symbolize loving and caring for each other.
All families take long walks, and the dogs usually go.
All families ultimately trace to Wisconsin.
All families welcome.
All family is lined up out front.
All family resources to enrich the lives of families.
Any family can do it.
Any family is a big empty pot, save for what gets thrown in.
Any family lore about the origin of the name.
Any family momentos, simple heirlooms or relevant photos.
Every family breaks up.
Every family brings enough food to eat.
Every family can be creative in finding ways to save up money before a trip.
Every family can benefit from the employment of a nanny.
Every family can benefit from the read-aloud habit.
Every family can build such love.
Every family can sympathize.
Every family can.
Every family celebrates the holidays in their own special way.
Every family confronts popular culture differently.
Every family contributes food and pictures, and suggests a game.
Every family contributes to the religious education program.
Every family cooks eggrolls a little differently.
Every family cooks it a little differently with different ingredients.
Every family cooks it a little differently, with different ingredients.
Every family cultivates several dozen to thousands of ground lotus plants.
Every family deals with problems.
Every family deserves a family chiropractor.
Every family deserves that, because emotionally, it's very hard.
Every family deserves the fun and joy that making music together can bring.
Every family deserves the honor, respect and support of the larger family.
Every family deserves the opportunity to realize the American dream of owning a home.
Every family deserves to live in a home that is safe from the threat of lead.
Every family develops a family medicine box over the years.
Every family experiences arguments, hurt feelings, anger, and sadness.
Every family faces growing pressure.
Every family faces stresses in raising children.
Every family faces that situation now and then.
Every family faces the danger of becoming introverted, aloof from the surrounding world.
Every family faces transitions.
Every family faces trouble at one time or another.
Every family gathers several piles of wood or brush to be lit shortly after the sunset.
Every family gets free rice, sugar and tea packages.
Every family gets their own friendly nanny who look after the entire family.
Every family goes through tough times.
Every family grieves differently.
Every family has a black sheep or one who is notorious.
Every family has a bunch of mystery pictures.
Every family has a couple of expenses that only occur once or twice a year.
Every family has a different idea about the perfect matzoh ball.
Every family has a favorite food or tradition for the holidays.
Every family has a healing tree.
Every family has a heritage, a model of beliefs and behavior passed from generation to generation.
Every family has a heritage.
Every family has a joker.
Every family has a keepsake photo album that captures special moments and memories.
Every family has a member afflicted with bed-wetting.
Every family has a ministry of justice.
Every family has a mother, father, and two children, one of each sex.
Every family has a natural storyteller and a rich history.
Every family has a nutty relative.
Every family has a photograph, and every photograph contains a story.
Every family has a right to expect that the water from their tap is safe to drink.
Every family has a secret.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet - a dark secret or two.
Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard.
Every family has a small plot.
Every family has a special chore, especially on a farm.
Every family has a special history that makes each family special.
Every family has a story to tell about their home.
Every family has a story to tell.
Every family has a story.
Every family has a system of filing valuable financial documents and papers.
Every family has a talent of some kind.
Every family has a traditional way to celebrate the holidays.
Every family has a treasured family recipe.
Every family has a unique and elaborate history that's waiting to be told.
Every family has a unique form of nonverbal communication.
Every family has a unique history, complete with fascinating stories and meaningful keepsakes.
Every family has a unique set of circumstances and expectations.
Every family has a weapon, because they are afraid to be without one.
Every family has access to nurturing, affordable and comprehensive child care services.
Every family has areas that are private.
Every family has at least three, four or more.
Every family has black sheep and skeletons.
Every family has concerns and needs.
Every family has different circumstances.
Every family has different computing needs at different times.
Every family has different eating, shopping and health habits.
Every family has different expenses and needs.
Every family has different financial circumstances and choices.
Every family has different needs and priorities when choosing a school.
Every family has different needs, wishes and wants when someone close dies.
Every family has different needs.
Every family has different priorities and different coping skills.
Every family has different priorities when choosing a school.
Every family has different standards about language.
Every family has different storage needs.
Every family has different values, customs, income levels and attitudes towards money.
Every family has drawers or boxes filled with photographs.
Every family has expectations of behavior that are determined by principles and standards.
Every family has favorite recipes that have been passed from generation to generation.
Every family has gardens and orchards to grow food for themselves and their domestic animals.
Every family has holiday traditions.
Every family has individual circumstances that affect their financial aid award.
Every family has many tasks and rules to observe, both for daily living and for long range goals.
Every family has milestones the celebrate .
Every family has moments where life just seems to go right.
Every family has needs - food, shelter, clothing, health, safety, education, and family stability.
Every family has one.
Every family has other, more valuable, keepsakes.
Every family has problems sometimes.
Every family has quarrels.
Every family has resources and strengths which can be tapped to improve overall functioning.
Every family has rules about dating, sex, drugs, smoking, drinking, and curfews.
Every family has skeletons in the closet.
Every family has some interesting, colorful story that never seems to die as the generations pass.
Every family has some major league hams in it, just dying to show off their acting skills.
Every family has some sorrow, some failure.
Every family has some special rules.
Every family has something to hide.
Every family has special needs and each family member is affected differently.
Every family has special possessions that are treasured.
Every family has special recipes that have been handed down from generation to generation.
Every family has stories of their past.
Every family has stories.
Every family has strengths and abilities.
Every family has strengths, abilities, and assets that are unknown and unused.
Every family has stress.
Every family has that deviant cousin that nobody likes to talk about in mixed company.
Every family has the bold, the timid, the beautiful, and the nuts.
Every family has the right to a decent and safe home.
Every family has their own big house.
Every family has their own comfortable bedroom and bathroom.
Every family has their own form.
Every family has their own heritage, pride, and traditions.
Every family has their own standards.
Every family has their own way of handling finances.
Every family has their share of dysfunction and sadness.
Every family has times of conflict.
Every family has times when it seems like everybody in it is dying.
Every family has to deal with anger.
Every family has to do a different job.
Every family has traditions.
Every family has trouble getting along every now and then.
Every family has unique stories.
Every family has wonderful old photos.
Every family here has a story.
Every family here is overcrowded.
Every family is a community first.
Every family is a member of the PTO and parents are encouraged and welcome to participate.
Every family is a war between two people arriving with different family cultures.
Every family is a work in progress.
Every family is affected.
Every family is asked to bring a shovel.
Every family is asked to bring a tray of finger foods.
Every family is at risk, regardless of income status and family dynamics.
Every family is different and has different needs and wants and allergies etc.
Every family is different and the way they do things is different.
Every family is different in size and taste.
Every family is different in what they can handle.
Every family is different moving to a new family is always a cultural shock for children.
Every family is different, but there are a few problems that many have in common.
Every family is different, just like every JET is different.
Every family is different.
Every family is dysfunctional in some way.
Every family is encouraged to attend meetings and to participate in sponsored activities.
Every family is encouraged to have at least one member become a patron.
Every family is encouraged to join.
Every family is human and subject to human errors and emotions.
Every family is in mourning for the loss of their first born.
Every family is interesting, and everybody has a story to tell.
Every family is mixed and in each home several languages have always been spoken.
Every family is ordered to supply one male to serve in the army.
Every family is proud of their family.
Every family is provided a decorated and spacious villa.
Every family is required to complete a minimum of sixteen service hours per year.
Every family is rich in history, and every family member has a story.
Every family is sovereign.
Every family is to some extent normally dysfunctional.
Every family is together at some time.
Every family is touched directly or by near kinship.
Every family is treated to a beautiful accommodation with plenty of space for all the little ones.
Every family is unique and there is no one formula for perfect parenting.
Every family is unique.
Every family is vulnerable.
Every family is willing to lend a helping hand to one another.
Every family keeps a photograph album.
Every family looks forward to a healthy pregnancy and to the birth of a healthy newborn.
Every family looks forward to the birth of a healthy newborn.
Every family loves a good round of miniature golf.
Every family makes a non-refundable deposit with the enrollment contract.
Every family makes significant events every day of our lives.
Every family makes special offerings to guard against the spirits doing any harm.
Every Family Needs a CEO provides a defining role of parents and a significant point of view.
Every family needs a home fire escape plan.
Every family needs a plan for an emergency at home.
Every family needs a relative so naturally tuned in to the real lives of children.
Every family needs a strong foundation with connections to community resources.
Every family needs a time and place to celebrate accomplishments and talk about challenges.
Every family needs an objective, non-partisan referee for daily events.
Every family needs an optimist.
Every family needs hot water.
Every family needs money management skills, no matter how large or small their bank accounts.
Every family needs one for the unexpected.
Every family needs outside help at some stage.
Every family needs parents who put their children first.
Every family needs some structure.
Every family needs support raising children.
Every family needs to be safe.
Every family needs to create their own set of rules.
Every family needs to know what it is worth financially.
Every family needs to take a few minutes each day for just the family.
Every family needs tools and rules that reflect their family s values.
Every family occupies a separate room, but all rooms share a common verandah.
Every family ought to be well supplied with a choice supply of books for reading.
Every family ought to foster and maintain such communion and become truly a domestic community.
Every family owns land to plant rice, maize, sweet potatoes, cassava, gourds, and vegetables.
Every family participating regularly in the spiritual life of our parish is encouraged to register.
Every family pays property tax, either directly or through the rent they pay.
Every family provides one or more food items, and all the items are shared between the families.
Every family puts their goods in an area around several square metres.
Every family rises pigs and cows and chicken.
Every family saves a precious collection of chipped saucers for the panisse preparation.
Every family seems to have a recipe of their own.
Every family selects one job for the year when they register with the school.
Every family signs a homework pledge and participates in a mandatory homework policy.
Every family spends their income.
Every family suffers from hunger and disease.
Every family there has definite rules and authority.
Every family understands the necessity of sharing.
Every family wants a girl sooner or later.
Every family wants a home that is convenient, comfortable, and attractive.
Every family wants to be able to save some money.
Every family works a three hour shift.
Many families often feel that health professionals give information in a very negative way.
Many families often share stories remembering their dead relatives.
Many families adopt a family project together.
Many families already face the problems of looking after aged parents or relatives.
Many families already have or are planning to purchase air conditioners for their homes.
Many families already have rules about bedtime, TV watching, chores, etc.
Many families already use their insurance to supplement early intervention services.
Many families also believe in home-birth.
Many families also do some local sightseeing.
Many families also eat mochi , a rice cake prepared by pounding rice into a sticky dough.
Many families also engage in producing beef, cattle, hogs, or sheep.
Many families also face heavy child care responsibilities and parental abuse as a child.
Many families also find the transition a challenge.
Many families also invite guests for dinner and for lunch .
Many families also invite guests for dinner and for lunch.
Many families also keep cats, birds and hamsters.
Many families also lack provisions for child care.
Many families also supplement at-home curriculum with outside activities.
Many families are a wonderful combination of races and cultures.
Many families are already well beyond that number.
Many families are at last having their questions answered about their brown skin.
Many families are barely able to make ends meet.
Many families are basically happy.
Many families are behind the blockade hoping for an end to the clear cutting.
Many families are concerned about college costs.
Many families are concerned about having access to the Internet in their home, and rightly so.
Many families are concerned about the affordability of a quality private education.
Many families are concerned about their children's school attendance, and help is available.
Many families are concerned about their financial health.
Many families are deeply concerned now about their child's welfare at school.
Many families are democracies rather than kingdoms.
Many families are double income families, meaning both husband and wife work.
Many families are dual income and commute to jobs out of the area.
Many families are dysfunctional and the children have suffered.
Many families are either all interchangeable or all substitutable.
Many families are eligible and don t know it.
Many families are financially strapped and max out credit cards.
Many families are ill-equipped for the responsibility of socialising children.
Many families are illiterate.
Many families are in turmoil.
Many families are ineligible for elderly housing because they disallow children.
Many families are interested in both fostering and adopting.
Many families are justifiably concerned about unearned money creating problems.
Many families are linguistically isolated.
Many families are multi-ethnic, with two and even three cultures influencing the way of life.
Many families are now eligible for free or low-cost health insurance for their children.
Many families are now refugees, having had their goods stolen and relatives killed.
Many families are now two-income families and rely upon the income provided by a spouse.
Many families are now willing to offer health benefits.
Many families are of rural background and went to refugee camps in Sudan and Kenya.
Many families are one parent, working more than one job.
Many families are reliant on remittances from migrant labourers and pensions.
Many families are severely socially and economically disadvantaged.
Many families are sincere about seeking assistance.
Many families are so far apart, and they're using the Internet to supplement telephone and mail.
Many families are still homeless.
Many families are surprised that there is even an option.
Many families are surprised when they discover they are eligible for assistance.
Many families are totally impoverished.
Many families are two income families.
Many families are understandably fearful of completing forms such as vaccination records.
Many families are unsure how to best accomplish their charitable goals.
Many families argue over who HAS to take care of an aging parent.
Many families ask about adopting older children.
Many families assume that work study or campus employment is deductible from the student bill.
Many families attend church services.
Many families ban all painful topics from family conversation.
Many families bear a red lion.
Many families become church members after their initial exposure to the church through the school.
Many families become frustrated from false alarms.
Many families become our ambassadors to the community.
Many families believe there are enough scholarships to completely pay for their child's education.
Many families benefit since grandparents often provide daycare while parents are at work.
Many families bring camping gear and barbecue along the river to enjoy the day.
Many families bring extensive lunches and fine foods.
Many families bring jugs to take home the mineral water.
Many families bring picnic lunches and then feast on the array of desserts on the hill.
Many families bring to marriage children from a previous marriage.
Many families buy computer systems with their children's education and future in mind.
Many families buy fuel wood to supplement supplies from their own trees.
Many families camp out, take the tours and observe the dinosaur footprints.
Many families can find that the work of one or both parents can rule the roost too easily.
Many families can focus on holiday-crafts, household chores and entertainment.
Many families can grow Victory Gardens.
Many families can no longer afford to buy food.
Many families can now afford vacation homes close to where they live.
Many families can only send one of their children at a time, and even that is at a great sacrifice.
Many families can work their schedules for a part-time person around a student's schedule.
Many families cancel their appointments because they are unable to pay the fee.
Many families caring for older persons develop a pattern over time.
Many families carry more.
Many families celebrate menarche as the time when a girl becomes a woman.
Many families celebrate the departed life on the twelfth or thirteenth day after the funeral.
Many families change from one type of program to another to fit their needs at the time.
Many families cherish the quality time they can count on together in their kitchen.
Many families choose a new home design from plan books.
Many families choose a swimming pool to help create opportunities to have fun.
Many families choose other alternatives.
Many families choose to adopt a child born in another country.
Many families choose to buy homes in neighborhoods with the best schools.
Many families choose to come in for periodic preventive care.
Many families choose to drive to camp.
Many families choose to establish endowed funds in memory of a loved one.
Many families choose to explore more than one option at a time.
Many families choose to have some form of ongoing contact both before and after the adoption.
Many families choose to live on the economy and live in a variety of areas surrounding Miami.
Many families choose to take one room for themselves and put the children in the other.
Many families choose to use some of both.
Many families combine cultural activities with weekend get-togethers.
Many families come here for barbeques and picnics by the beach.
Many families come here who are hurting a great deal.
Many families come in costume.
Many families come with their lawn chairs and coolers.
Many families come, and most leave with new products or practical tips for saving money at home.
Many families compete with parents and children riding together.
Many families construct elaborate ofrendas or altars in their homes.
Many families construct safe but confining bedrooms to accommodate disruptive nighttime wakefulness.
Many families continue their friendships into the child's teenage years.
Many families continue to be very protective of women and girls with disabilities.
Many families contribute to or pay in full the cost of healthcare coverage.
Many families count on it one night a week as a quick and easy meal.
Many families currently compete - parent and children riding together.
Many families decide against donation.
Many families decide to combine elements of both approaches.
Many families decide to leave pets they've had for years in the U.S. due to the costs of quarantine.
Many families decorate their sukkah.
Many families deny the disability and refuse assistance.
Many families describe mealtimes as stressful rather than enjoyable.
Many families discover a renewed sense of both the fragility and beauty of life after the diagnosis.
Many families discuss daily activities over dinner.
Many families display tanka poetry written on strips of thick paper and hung from bamboo trees.
Many families do a great deal of traveling.
Many families do what the early Christian fathers did.
Many families do.
Many families don t eat together.
Many families don t follow a curriculum.
Many families eat a clam soup, with spring herbs, to also recognize the arrival of spring.
Many families eat dinner together.
Many families eat their meals in their sukkah .
Many families encourage siblings to sleep together.
Many families end up with an elderly parent liv ing with the child because they have to.
Many families enjoy a game of touch football or catch.
Many families enjoy club activities together.
Many families enjoy having a lead name and recognizing several names within their family.
Many families enjoy our floating docks and easy access to our neighboring bays.
Many families enjoy resting on the benches and watching fish snatch bugs off the water s surface.
Many families enjoy summer vacations along the banks of a river.
Many families enjoy the rural life on small acreages with horses or other farm animals.
Many families enjoy their picnic in the fields.
Many families establish a stopping time for homework, allowing for baths and other bedtime routines.
Many families experience hard times.
Many families experience the following symptoms.
Many families expose babies to water at a young age.
Many families face challenges and lack the skills to be effective in their role.
Many families face relocation in search of new jobs and are reluctant to re-establish new roots.
Many families face serious struggles when seeking medical intervention for their children.
Many families face teen troubles.
Many families face the common estate planning problem of liquidity.
Many families face the same dilemma.
Many families face the stress of financial hardship, drug abuse and domestic violence.
Many families face the task of how to meet the rising cost of a college education.
Many families fail to raise their children or maintain their family.
Many families fall apart after loss of money, failure of business, or any other type of trauma.
Many families fear retaliation if they become bossy or too demanding.
Many families fear their violent teenagers or adult children as well.
Many families feel a commitment to care for their aging loved ones.
Many families feel isolated and alone when someone close has a mental illness.
Many families feel that they are placed in a mixer and blended together.
Many families finance their contribution through a combination of loans and a monthly payment plan.
Many families find a monthly or extended payment plan more convenient.
Many families find comfort in knowing that their own or loved ones arrangements are already planned.
Many families find it challenging.
Many families find it desirable to use a combination of programs for their child.
Many families find it difficult to obtain an effective education for their children.
Many families find it fascinating to watch a performance.
Many families find it helpful to have a chart of household tasks and to rotate the assignments.
Many families find it helpful to make a safety checklist and go over it together.
Many families find it impossible to come to terms with bereavement.
Many families find it worth it.
Many families find meal times suitable occasions for such discussion.
Many families find monthly installments more manageable than lump-sum payments each term.
Many families find our payment plan a convenient way to manage the costs of an education.
Many families find that as they pray about adopting, they feel led to a particular country.
Many families find that the experience is like riding a roller coaster.
Many families find the quiet time before children fall asleep to be special listening time.
Many families find their insurance needs change over the years.
Many families find their most treasured learning resources at garage sales and thrift shops.
Many families find themselves being separated by distance at some point in their lives.
Many families find themselves facing acute debt problems.
Many families find themselves simply incapable of supporting their children.
Many families find they have to trade quality for affordability.
Many families find ways to draw down a child's funds before college.
Many families first discuss their concerns with a family physician, school counselor, or clergy.
Many families form bilingual play groups for their children.
Many families get together for the holiday season and the festivities usually include a big dinner.
Many families give one gift to their children for every night of Hanukkah.
Many families go in together and split the costs.
Many families go on to use their new skills to supplement their income with construction jobs.
Many families go on vacation or have picnics or go to the beach.
Many families go up North and when they're gone are victims of arson.
Many families go without any answers for many years.
Many families have a difficult time coping when mental illness first strikes.
Many families have a difficult time making ends meet because of child care expenses.
Many families have a hard time making ends meet.
Many families have a hard time with the process.
Many families have a history of both wife and husband employed outside the home.
Many families have a meatloaf recipe that has been handed down for a few generations.
Many families have a place to go hunting or fishing.
Many families have a rich cultural or religious heritage to share as well.
Many families have a temporary sitter while making a long term provider decision.
Many families have a tradition of attending the state fair.
Many families have a TV on almost continually.
Many families have activities together in Scotland, and many shops are closed today.
Many families have an historian.
Many families have an individual who pulls everyone together.
Many families have Buddhist altars where they honor their ancestors.
Many families have chapters for their genealogy, many with photos.
Many families have children spend a week or so with grandparents during summer vacation.
Many families have children spend a week or so with their grandparents during summer vacation.
Many families have difficulty expressing their true feelings to each other.
Many families have difficulty finding time for devotions.
Many families have enough of a relationship to be able to function in a reasonably harmonious way.
Many families have fathers, step-fathers, adopted fathers and grandfathers.
Many families have foreign domestic workers.
Many families have guest rooms for people to sleep and store their belongings.
Many families have holiday recipes they make year after year.
Many families have home improvements on their mind.
Many families have maids and nannies.
Many families have members on both sides of the river, and residents speak Spanish and English.
Many families have more than one generation that races.
Many families have neither cars nor telephones.
Many families have New Year's day get-togethers.
Many families have no other income, and so are living in a situation of complete deprivation'.
Many families have no other income, and so are living in a situation of complete deprivation.
Many families have one credit card account number one have individual cards issued to each person.
Many families have one now.
Many families have one or more ceramic objects.
Many families have one wages to live, others cumulate several to have enough money.
Many families have pets, a dog or a cat or both.
Many families have picnics.
Many families have problems because the parents have broken up.
Many families have roots in their communities.
Many families have several members working in underground coal mines.
Many families have similar concerns.
Many families have situations where having a teen driver is helpful, or in some cases, necessary.
Many families have small swimming pools.
Many families have special childcare arrangements for their children after school.
Many families have special dishes for Pesach.
Many families have strong faith inwhich they use the Bible as a handbook for life.
Many families have the service in their own home with the urn present.
Many families have the whole day planned and there is little time left over for the new pet.
Many families have their own orchard.
Many families have their own priest or clergy person who is already involved with the family.
Many families have to walk eight hours before reaching a rural pharmacy or health post.
Many families have traditional ways of celebrating the holidays.
Many families have TV on during dinner.
Many families have two parents who work.
Many families have two to four phone lines plus a cell phone or two.
Many families have unsaved parents, spouses, or children.
Many families have weekend outings to places like waterparks, amusement parks, parades etc etc etc.
Many families have wonderful recipes that have been handed down from generation to generation.
Many families have young children, the oldest being in their early teens.
Many families here have awful memories of the disease.
Many families here have dogs.
Many families hire people to mow the lawn, clear the snow and clean the house.
Many families hold family reunions.
Many families incorporate several traditions.
Many families involve their children in recreation programs and youth groups.
Many families just accept in faith, with differing degrees of understanding.
Many families just run the family portrait in place of a live image.
Many families keep dogs to help with the tending of the animals and to help catch small game.
Many families keep food storage in the basement or in the back of their food pantries.
Many families keep time both ways, unable to synchronize their watches.
Many families lack the financial means to send their children to college.
Many families lack the resources to provide adequately for children s basic needs.
Many families lack the support network to control and guide their children.
Many families learn of new found talents and skills.
Many families leave behind family support systems in other states when they move here.
Many families leave their children for the first time to attend the Start-Up program.
Many families leave their children with other relatives that stay back in Texas.
Many families light up their driveways and walkways as well.
Many families like to bring their lunch and make it an all-day outing at the Garnet Area.
Many families like to create sites for their family reunions.
Many families like to keep outside testing to a minimum.
Many families live busy lives.
Many families live in cardboard boxes and crates they have nailed together.
Many families live in Old Town.
Many families live in poverty.
Many families live in rentals.
Many families live on houseboats and in floating villages.
Many families live on the grounds year-round.
Many families live rough lives.
Many families live two or three generations to a small wooden hut.
Many families live well beyond their incomes by using credit cards.
Many families live with daily fear for their safety.
Many families live with day to day inadequate homes.
Many families look at where they can cut back and save to keep one parent at home.
Many families maintain a single shopping list used for purchasing most of the family groceries.
Many families maintain temporary dwellings in the highest pasture areas.
Many families make food the center of their family gatherings.
Many families make the convention their primary summer vacation.
Many families make the mistake of assuming they are ineligible for federal aid or apply too late.
Many families make the mistake, for instance, of assuming that all members share the same values.
Many families make their own arrangements for respite and build the cost into the family budget.
Many families make their own, guarding recipes with near-religious fervor.
Many families make their plans at least a year in advance.
Many families make travel a pleasure by playing games to pass the time.
Many families mistakenly believe that going to a private college is out of the question.
Many families move for reasons like better job opportunities or to be closer to a sick relative.
Many families move to a new home in the summer.
Many families name their children after a relative who died in the shootings.
Many families now favour cremation with the private storage or spreading of the ashes.
Many families now have faucets behind their homes that they share with other families.
Many families now live productive drug free lives.
Many families now prefer video tapes over photographs to record family experiences.
Many families now use sheets of metal or plastic to roof their houses.
Many families now use the computer to pay bills and maintain all their financial records.
Many families offer the nanny medical insurance.
Many families omit the morning meal.
Many families only eat one meal a day.
Many families only travel to the church on special occasions.
Many families opt to keep their children at home or use day care providers in the community.
Many families organize car-pools from suburban areas.
Many families own both a PC and a game console and play different kinds of games on each.
Many families own two cars which are used daily.
Many families own two or more cars.
Many families pack up for a picnic or a trip to the beach.
Many families participate in carpools.
Many families pass the evening watching special television programs.
Many families pass treasured Bibles from one generation to the next as spiritual heirlooms.
Many families pay more than that for similar coverage.
Many families pay nothing for child care.
Many families plan their summer vacation around a college tour.
Many families possess a tradition of remembering and telling family stories.
Many families post house rules in a prominent place in the household.
Many families practice, but few admit it.
Many families prefer a transition program to have smaller classes initially.
Many families prefer respite that is provided in the home.
Many families prefer to homeschool year-round.
Many families prefer to individualize the service by focusing on a special interest.
Many families prefer to pay their college payments in smaller, more manageable installments.
Many families prefer to select their own resources from the huge range available in New Zealand.
Many families prefer to sleep in a family bed.
Many families prepare food in aluminum cookware.
Many families prepare plans to protect themselves in case of an emergency or natural disaster.
Many families probably have photos of grandparents and family in front of a quilt.
Many families provide transportation for aging parents and relatives who no longer drive.
Many families purchase orange juice and a variety of fruit juice products for breakfast.
Many families purchase portable basketball nets for home use.
Many families purchase the khaki uniform when the blue one is either out grown or damaged.
Many families purchase the khaki uniform when the blue one is either outgrown or damaged.
Many families reach a point when they recognize that an ill or older relative needs help.
Many families reach their financial obligation with the help of family and friends.
Many families read it aloud each year, as it is so inspiring.
Many families receive bags of food each week and financial assistance in emergency situations.
Many families receive helpful information from their doctors, nurses, or social workers.
Many families reduce spending for items such as vacations, eating out, and home furnishings first.
Many families register for the full year and prefer to have the same teacher for the school year.
Many families rely on friends or family for support.
Many families rely on life insurance to pay for funeral expenses.
Many families rely on loans, thus resulting in more students graduating with debt than ever before.
Many families rely on nursing homes to help care for loved ones.
Many families rely on the public school system as a form of day care.
Many families remaining on the reservations combine their resources in order to stay together.
Many families remember their deceased loved ones, by placing flowers on their graves.
Many families report an overwhelming sense of feeling alone and isolated.
Many families report losing control of their children to gangs.
Many families report that their children are learning to speak English almost immediately.
Many families reserve a night for their children to lower the flag a year in advance.
Many families restrict television watching to only favorite shows, and use videos as special treats.
Many families restrict TV viewing during the week, allowing no TV on school nights.
Many families return to the routines of daily living with little or no restrictions.
Many families return year after year because they like the peace and quiet.
Many families roast a goose for a special treat.
Many families routinely funnel college savings into a custodial account in their kid's name.
Many families rush through homework and dinner, and then it's time for bed.
Many families say that's a small price to pay.
Many families seek professional help in handling their finances.
Many families send a letter describing their religious beliefs.
Many families settle in at the beach for the summer.
Many families share news during the holiday season.
Many families shield dysfunction within their family walls.
Many families simply can t afford it.
Many families simply fill out the financial aid forms and hope for the best.
Many families sleep poorly.
Many families speak Spanish only.
Many families spend a few hours decorating their tree putting on lights and ornaments even tinsel.
Many families spend a large portion of their annual income on health care.
Many families spend as much on car payments.
Many families spend down to poverty paying for care for an older relative.
Many families spend hours on the range enjoying the boom and smoke of the muzzleloader.
Many families spend some time on move-in day shopping for last minute needs.
Many families spend their entire lifetime building their small businesses.
Many families stay at Cass and ski.
Many families still have photo's stored in sticky magnetic photo albums that are very damaging.
Many families still hold out hope for eventual return of their lands.
Many families still live here, although they have to go to the mainland to work on their fields.
Many families still ranch in the canyon today.
Many families still return to visit their tree and recollect.
Many families stop using car seats too soon.
Many families struggle to keep up with busy schedules but still value time spent talking.
Many families struggle with getting children to like poetry.
Many families subsist on salmon, moose and waterfowl they harvest themselves.
Many families take a vacation for two or three weeks.
Many families take advantage of the optional extended day and extended year programs.
Many families take advantage of the school's flexibility and extended day schedule.
Many families take it on holidays, to grandmothers and even to baby sitters.
Many families take months to recover financially.
Many families teach one to respect other people s freedoms.
Many families tend to learn to live with broken doorknobs and cracked windows.
Many families then visit the child s country of birth.
Many families tie the reunion into a family vacation.
Many families trace their presence here back seven generations.
Many families trace their roots to one of many countries in Africa .
Many families traditionally write the genealogy of their ancestors into the family bible.
Many families travel during the summer.
Many families travel there with young children.
Many families travel to mountainside resorts to view the trees ablaze with fall colors.
Many families try to anticipate the best time for a child to come into the family.
Many families try to integrate their child's culture into their American life.
Many families turn a blind eye to the regulations, however.
Many families turn to such groups, if only to ensure that their kids socialize with their peers.
Many families use a combination of savings, loans, and financial aid.
Many families use a second income to pay their tax burden.
Many families use aides two times a week, four hours at a time.
Many families use an advent calendar .
Many families use car pools to transport children to and from school or activities.
Many families use eating as a way to entertain themselves and feel good.
Many families use extreme measures to safeguard nightwalkers form injury.
Many families use melatonin to promote sleep in a condition which often affects sleep patterns.
Many families use preplanned curriculum materials and textbooks.
Many families use the child's bedroom.
Many families use the holidays as an excuse to visit with relatives.
Many families use the ten-month plan to pay their contribution.
Many families use wine or other alcoholic beverages as a part of traditions or rituals.
Many families visit campus more than once.
Many families visit cemeteries and have memorial services.
Many families visit daily.
Many families visit during the summer and take a tour.
Many families wait until all of the family members have assembled and then light the candles.
Many families watch the public access channel.
Many families wish to maintain their privacy and the security of their child.
Many family keep cats and dogs as a family members.
More families are single-parent and dual career than ever before.
More families contribute time to church activities than to any other area of interest.
More families have access to home appliances.
More families have air-conditioning today than had electricity then.
More families have more debt.
More families have portraits done to remember a pregnancy.
More families have the money to eat out on a regular basis.
More families have their own pediatricians and a medical home.
More families means more children.
More families now live on the edge of disaster.
More families own a television set than a telephone.
More families qualify than ever before.
More families tend to be centered around the children.
More families visit here every year than anywhere else.
Most families usually hike only a mile and then decide it is toomuch exercise anyhow.
Most families usually share some mealtime experience and responsibilities to some degree.
Most families adapt to aquatic environments.
Most families adapt to environments.
Most families allow children.
Most families also continue to receive help from the food stamp program.
Most families also have copayments for doctor visits, prescription drugs, and emergency care.
Most families also provide a private bathroom.
Most families also raise cattle, sheep, goats, and chickens.
Most families are able to either slot in with a local school or are able to join a club.
Most families are agriculturists.
Most families are at home with kids in school or waiting for summer to take a long vacation.
Most families are better than most institutions.
Most families are both unique in their own ways and also unexceptional.
Most families are from Orange County.
Most families are groups of varied lizards tied together by anatomical similarities.
Most families are happy.
Most families are head by biological parents.
Most families are head by parents.
Most families are in similar circumstances and have similar interests.
Most families are in the USA but contacts are available in other countries as well.
Most families are intuitively easy to recognize.
Most families are kinda proud of their black sheep or horrid experiences.
Most families are middle to upper middle income families.
Most families are middle-class.
Most families are more stressed and less satisfied.
Most families are of German descent.
Most families are resilient.
Most families are supportive of such initiatives.
Most families are supportive, often to the surprise of the person converting.
Most families are surprised to learn that they do have a variety of resources within their reach.
Most families are terrestrial, but some are partially aquatic or semiaquatic.
Most families are together during the period of highest probability of severe weather.
Most families are too busy to deep clean.
Most families are too poor to hire a private attorney.
Most families are tragically underinsured .
Most families are two income.
Most families are unaware of the money they waste on nonessential items and services.
Most families are very busy and eat convenience foods - such as cereals and toast in the morning.
Most families are very willing to help.
Most families are willing to send pictures.
Most families become concerned from time to time about money matters.
Most families begin the college admissions process far too late.
Most families bring a picnic lunch, sunscreen, and blanket or lawn chairs.
Most families build places.
Most families buy dogs.
Most families can afford that.
Most families can be debt free in three or four years.
Most families can contribute much, much more when they break it down into monthly installments.
Most families can do that if they make savings a priority and keep debts and spending manageable.
Most families can fit easily into the family units designed for six.
Most families can get by for a while with a difficult situation.
Most families can make it on one salary, contrary to the popular culture.
Most families can plan ahead and investigate their options.
Most families celebrate birthdays.
Most families celebrate holidays.
Most families choose a combination.
Most families choose to hold services, which help the bereaved cope with the loss of a loved one.
Most families come from an Australian ethnic background.
Most families come to homeschooling as a conscious, informed choice.
Most families comprise households.
Most families consist of a husband, a wife, and their children.
Most families consist of mothers.
Most families consist of parents.
Most families consume salt.
Most families contain members.
Most families contain types.
Most families continue to eat most meals in the home.
Most families continue traditional dress and cultural practices.
Most families deal with death.
Most families demonstrate diversity.
Most families depend to some extent on subsistence activities to supplement their livelihoods.
Most families develop skills.
Most families do care.
Most families do require the assistance of an attorney.
Most families do the same thing.
Most families do.
Most families don t have enough insurance to cover the costs of losing a loved one.
Most families don t have the resources to pay annual college costs directly out of their income.
Most families don t read laws or regulations until a problem arises.
Most families draw on a combination of programs to meet college expenses.
Most families draw together in such times.
Most families earn too much to qualify for financial aid.
Most families eat bread.
Most families eat dinner together about five times a week.
Most families eat dinner.
Most families eat food.
Most families eat meals.
Most families eat two meals a day.
Most families eat vegetarian meals.
Most families employ workers.
Most families endure traffic accidents in silence and isolation.
Most families engage in both activities.
Most families enjoy a shared sauna every week.
Most families enjoy an excursion once each week.
Most families enjoy an occasional meal out.
Most families enjoy decorating their homes for the holidays.
Most families enjoy exploring their camping area, walking the trails and observing nature.
Most families enjoy the flexibility homeschooling provides.
Most families exclude black and white from the trousseau.
Most families expect more aid than they receive.
Most families experience death.
Most families experience growth.
Most families experience personal growth.
Most families face crises.
Most families face difficult strains on time, money, and emotions.
Most families face many challenges.
Most families face money problems because of a lack of planning and communication.
Most families face money problems due to a lack of planning and communication.
Most families feast on traditional dishes, but some also include other specialties.
Most families feel comfortable if their student receives interest from five to ten college coaches.
Most families feel positively about their adoption.
Most families feel that they have been left to their own devices.
Most families feel very positive about the decision.
Most families fill the bathtub when it is running just in case.
Most families find a suitable rental within a short time.
Most families find a way to get a computer or get access to one at school or at work.
Most families find comfort.
Most families find doctors.
Most families find evidence.
Most families find family child care homes by word of mouth - asking friends, coworkers, neighbors.
Most families find hosting to be a very rewarding experience.
Most families find inspiration.
Most families find news.
Most families find out about their child s diagnosis shortly after birth.
Most families find peace.
Most families find that loans are a necessary or helpful way to help meet college costs.
Most families find their costs to be tax deductible.
Most families find value in joining with other homeschoolers.
Most families fish and grow bananas, breadfruit, papaws, and taro.
Most families follow courtship patterns.
Most families follow interpretations.
Most families follow one of two approaches.
Most families follow patterns.
Most families follow specific patterns.
Most families follow tradition.
Most families function.
Most families get photos.
Most families go through difficult time.
Most families go through periods when the mail from the missionary gets scarce.
Most families go through problems at some point or another.
Most families go through stages.
Most families go through time.
Most families go to church later at night.
Most families grow a bit of cacao that they sell for cash.
Most families have a cow and chickens.
Most families have a member who cures minor ailments.
Most families have a nahs.
Most families have a 'shoe box' full.
Most families have a story explaining their origins and the Schmulands are no exception.
Most families have a symbol that is somehow related.
Most families have ability.
Most families have adult children.
Most families have adults.
Most families have albums full of the first-born and very few of the baby.
Most families have alternative sources of earnings and foodstuffs.
Most families have an advent wreath.
Most families have an income-provider in the Gulf, but opportunities are drying up there.
Most families have at least one automobile as a principal means of transportation.
Most families have at least two careers.
Most families have at least two sets.
Most families have backs.
Most families have bellies.
Most families have between five and eight children.
Most families have bills.
Most families have bonds.
Most families have boxes of old photographs.
Most families have business.
Most families have careers.
Most families have carnivorous diets.
Most families have certain traditions and rituals.
Most families have chickens, a goat or a cow and a garden.
Most families have children.
Most families have civil war ancestors.
Most families have Civil War ancestors.
Most families have conditions.
Most families have coverage on both spouses.
Most families have cultural values.
Most families have dens.
Most families have diets.
Most families have differences.
Most families have different ideas.
Most families have different rules.
Most families have dinner.
Most families have ears.
Most families have eat food.
Most families have eat healthy food.
Most families have email addresses for every member old enough to take advantage of email.
Most families have facilities.
Most families have facts.
Most families have feet.
Most families have flowers.
Most families have food.
Most families have functions.
Most families have genus.
Most families have habitats.
Most families have habits.
Most families have healthy food.
Most families have histories defined by radical choices.
Most families have homes.
Most families have houses.
Most families have huge pasta dinner.
Most families have ideas.
Most families have individuals.
Most families have information.
Most families have interest.
Most families have irreplaceable letters, photographs and memorabilia within their care.
Most families have issues.
Most families have just a few favorite dishes.
Most families have large balances and pay outrageous interest rates.
Most families have large debts to pay.
Most families have legal responsibility.
Most families have legal rights.
Most families have lineage.
Most families have little free time.
Most families have major problems.
Most families have major social problems.
Most families have meetings.
Most families have members.
Most families have no access to potable water.
Most families have offspring.
Most families have one big gathering during the season.
Most families have one or two and that's it.
Most families have opportunity.
Most families have other places.
Most families have outcomes.
Most families have parents.
Most families have pasta dinner.
Most families have patterns.
Most families have people.
Most families have pets.
Most families have photos.
Most families have places.
Most families have problems.
Most families have relatives of some degree or another who actually experienced the Holocaust.
Most families have relatives.
Most families have reproduction.
Most families have responsibility.
Most families have rights.
Most families have rules of the house.
Most families have rules regarding their children's drug and alcohol use.
Most families have rules.
Most families have same outcomes.
Most families have several radios.
Most families have several sets around the house and often many turned on at once.
Most families have similarity.
Most families have social problems.
Most families have some food in store.
Most families have someone in state or federal prison.
Most families have special bonds.
Most families have special issues.
Most families have structures.
Most families have tendencies.
Most families have territory.
Most families have the ability to find jobs, but they are usually low paying, part time jobs.
Most families have the luxury of time and privacy in which to adjust and recalibrate.
Most families have the virtue of a distinct international character.
Most families have to make special considerations when choosing flooring for their homes.
Most families have two cars.
Most families have two working parents or only one parent who is a working mother.
Most families have two working parents that can t make it to children s events during the day.
Most families have two working parents, which leaves children home alone.
Most families have unique ability.
Most families have values.
Most families have various brands pf PC's.
Most families have various stories about their past.
Most families here are introverts and only interact when they run into each other.
Most families hire an in-home aide, or companion, that is on the payroll of the agency.
Most families hold a skit night or talent show as well.
Most families hold anniversaries.
Most families hold services of some kind which help the bereaved cope with the loss of a loved one.
Most families host two American students per semester.
Most families house more than one CEA student.
Most families inhabit fresh water.
Most families initially come to the clinic for six to eight hours per day for two to four days.
Most families invest their earnings in the education of their children.
Most families involve women.
Most families involved in home schooling organize activities with other families.
Most families keep a few pigs somewhere in a little pigsty away from the family's main dwelling.
Most families keep livestock.
Most families keep their own cow in the back yard just so the kids can become ace tippers.
Most families know as families.
Most families know facts.
Most families lead very busy hectic lives today.
Most families lead very busy lives.
Most families leave in the mid to late afternoon.
Most families like to believe there are connections to famous people somewhere in their family tree.
Most families like to join a club close to where they live.
Most families live close to the school and can be reached on foot or by bus in a few minutes.
Most families live close to the school which can be reached within a few minutes on foot or by bus.
Most families live close to the school.
Most families live in distressed neighborhoods in concentrated Ethiopian pockets.
Most families live in extreme poverty.
Most families live in habitats.
Most families live in homes.
Most families live in houses that consist of a sleeping room and a large living room.
Most families live in poverty.
Most families live in public housing.
Most families live in shady habitats.
Most families live in states.
Most families live in the neighbour town and the school provides bus services several times a day.
Most families live in towns.
Most families live in two-story townhouses clustered around courtyards with playgrounds.
Most families live near the school and can be reached in a few minutes on foot or by bus.
Most families live near the school.
Most families live on incomes that are barely half of a six-figure salary.
Most families live only a few minutes' walk away from the school.
Most families live relatively close to the school and only a handful of students are bussed.
Most families lose friends.
Most families love animals.
Most families love cats.
Most families love dogs.
Most families love parrots.
Most families love rabbits.
Most families love to play it.
Most families maintain relatives.
Most families make arrangements.
Most families make choices.
Most families make controversial decisions.
Most families make decisions.
Most families make do with bicycles, and travel any distance at all by bus, ferry, or boat.
Most families make effort.
Most families make more money today.
Most families make tough choices.
Most families manage to eat dinner together most of the time, according to a recent survey.
Most families meet at the kitchen or dinner table.
Most families mourn death.
Most families move out of the neighborhood before their kids reach high school level.
Most families now consist of the mother and children or the father and children.
Most families now depend on two incomes to get by.
Most families now have both spouses working and time is a much bigger issue.
Most families now own at least one and many have several.
Most families occupy areas.
Most families occupy distinct territory.
Most families occupy habitats.
Most families occupy territory.
Most families occupy their own homes in what is an attractive suburb boasting essential facilities.
Most families occur in temperate zones.
Most families occur in zones.
Most families offer attention.
Most families offer treatments.
Most families only focus on saving for retirement after their children are out of college.
Most families only go to Moscow once.
Most families order one copy for each child and for the parents.
Most families order one copy for the parents and one for each family member.
Most families own a television and one or more radios.
Most families own a TV set and one or more radios.
Most families own around five to eight acres of trees.
Most families own homes.
Most families own livestock such as cattle, donkeys, horses, pigs, chickens, and turkeys.
Most families own mammals.
Most families own pets.
Most families own several different kinds of buggies since they have several uses.
Most families own their own business.
Most families own their own home.
Most families pay for college with savings, current income, and loans.
Most families pay more in taxes than they do for food, clothing and shelter combined.
Most families pay people.
Most families perform tasks.
Most families possess pets.
Most families possess their clothes, a few hand-tools and some livestock.
Most families prefer nonsmoking nannies.
Most families prefer to host only one student.
Most families probably participate in about half a dozen during the course of a year.
Most families provide a private bathroom as well.
Most families provide capital.
Most families provide educational experiences outside as well as inside the home.
Most families provide environments.
Most families provide financial capital.
Most families provide stable environments.
Most families raise cats.
Most families raise cattle.
Most families raise large number of children to supplement meagre family income.
Most families reach decisions.
Most families realize that their lives can move on.
Most families receive a solicitation call during evening hours about contributing.
Most families receive benefits for no more than two years at a time.
Most families rely on inspiration, planning and information all the time.
Most families report cancer in the parents or grandparents, the most common being colon cancer.
Most families request a monthly subsidy beginning at the time of approval request.
Most families require female au pairs.
Most families require two incomes just to get by.
Most families respond in very positive ways.
Most families respond with dismay and a kind of corporate shame.
Most families restrict driving after an accumulation of warning signs.
Most families return to emergency shelter again and again.
Most families run out of coverage long before running out of illness.
Most families see opportunity.
Most families seek answers.
Most families seek assistance.
Most families seek financial assistance.
Most families seem to be doing fine, but a great many are still declaring bankruptcy.
Most families select a form of memorialization with their cemetery of choice.
Most families serve diners.
Most families share a common bed.
Most families share characteristics.
Most families share the responsibilities of the home.
Most families share universal characteristics.
Most families show concern.
Most families show cooperation.
Most families spend a sizable portion of their flexible income at the supermarket.
Most families spend more on housing than on any other single expense.
Most families start to blame each other.
Most families still patronize neighborhood schools.
Most families struggle and experience a lot of confusion.
Most families support decisions.
Most families survive by herding llama, alpaca and sheep.
Most families survive.
Most families take actions.
Most families take care of their elderly members without resorting to abuse or neglect.
Most families take care.
Most families take drastic actions.
Most families take road trips.
Most families take trips.
Most families travel to fish camp each summer.
Most families travel to various places during the summer.
Most families travel, even going as far afield as Europe and Asia.
Most families try to live within their income, making it from paycheck to paycheck.
Most families use a combination of resources to help pay for their children s education.
Most families use a combination of savings, current earnings and financial aid to cover expenses.
Most families use car pools.
Most families use diets.
Most families use dug-out canoes to come for miles to church in rural areas.
Most families use food.
Most families use methods.
Most families use paper.
Most families use savings, income or loans in order to meet their contribution to college costs.
Most families use savings, income or loans to meet their contribution to college costs.
Most families use sprinklers.
Most families use their computers to access the Internet and seniors are no exception.
Most families wait until the first couple of school days and then form car pools among themselves.
Most families wish to do so and find it a therapeutic experience.
Most families work for months.
Most family based preference categories have waiting lists that are several years long.
Most family has more than one species.
Some families abandon children they can no longer afford to feed.
Some families accept reality.
Some families achieve strength.
Some families act more violent than others.
Some families actually do get along.
Some families actually move closer to extended family to get help with sick child care.
Some families add chopped onions to the mix.
Some families add side trips to Egypt, Jordan or elsewhere.
Some families add to the amount each year after discussing expense needs with the child.
Some families adopt children while their biological children are still in the home.
Some families adopt or foster large sibling groups.
Some families adopt or foster several children, one at a time.
Some families adopt students while they are away from home.
Some families advise citizens.
Some families advise private citizens.
Some families affect acceptance.
Some families allege illegal body-part harvesting in the rush to increase supply, profits.
Some families allow a fixed number of hours per week.
Some families allow all decisions to be made by one person.
Some families allow private telephone lines to be established at an additional cost.
Some families allow students to cook in their kitchens with limitations.
Some families allow the child to sleep with the parents or the mother until the age of six.
Some families allow their children to check out one book for every year in their age.
Some families allow their children to watch TV only on weekends.
Some families allow their teens to practice safe sex while others insist on abstinence.
Some families also ask relatives or friends to stand up as Godparents for their children at baptism.
Some families also celebrate with symbolic foods like the head of a fish, pomegranates and carrots.
Some families also celebrate with symbolic foods like the head of a fish, pomegranates, and carrots.
Some families also eat the tegu meat and use the fat for medicinal purposes.
Some families also find that they prefer to start out using a packaged curriculum.
Some families also grow tea or coffee for export.
Some families also have blessings at other times.
Some families also order butterflies for release at a cemetery during funerals.
Some families also own cattle and sheep.
Some families also provide vacation and health benefits.
Some families also receive additional foodstuffs and tools.
Some families also share scriptures, sing songs, or teach mini-lessons.
Some families are able to do more financially than others are.
Some families are able to endure life's events with few adjustments.
Some families are able to pay the full cost while other families require fee assistance.
Some families are able to start saving when their children are small.
Some families are already on their third and fourth vehicle.
Some families are athletic and some are musical.
Some families are athletically inclined, sports enthusiasts, avid competitors.
Some families are big eaters and habits regarding overeating can begin early in life.
Some families are bigger than others.
Some families are bilingual.
Some families are close-knit.
Some families are distinctive and well defined.
Some families are dysfunctional, while others are encouraging and supportive.
Some families are even in one school district for elementary school and another for high school.
Some families are from remote areas where nannies and nanny agencies are nonexistent.
Some families are full of bankers.
Some families are good families.
Some families are happy all in one big bed.
Some families are happy with the legal vacuum around 'homeschooling'.
Some families are hard to reach because both parents work.
Some families are head by women.
Some families are healthy families.
Some families are joyous and enthusiastic, while others are somber and stern.
Some families are keepers of old calendars, notebooks, clippings, and other items in their attics.
Some families are large.
Some families are lean hungry types and burn up energy just sitting on a seat.
Some families are less likely to play than others.
Some families are lodged in hotels or motels.
Some families are lucky to have a modest harvest of sweet potatoes growing now.
Some families are more blessed than others.
Some families are more complicated than others.
Some families are more conservative than others.
Some families are more flexible about the ethnicity of the child they adopt.
Some families are more tightly structured than others.
Some families are naturally lean.
Some families are pretty crafty and have figured out ways to make long-handled gadgets at home.
Some families are private pay, meaning they pay out of pocket for music therapy services.
Some families are prone to have conflicts around who has the right to discipline.
Some families are pulled out of bed very early by children who want to open their presents.
Some families are ready for the financial pressures.
Some families are small.
Some families are so concerned that they have hired assistants to feed their relatives.
Some families are so toxically rigid that they disown their gay kids.
Some families are strict in discipline, whereas others are lenient or even indifferent.
Some families are the results of relatively recent splits.
Some families are thought to be notably long lived.
Some families are truly dysfunctional.
Some families are two or three generations removed from church involvement.
Some families are unwilling to use medication.
Some families are upset about division involvement in their personal lives.
Some families are very intentional about what they discuss at family meals.
Some families are very large and contain many genera.
Some families are very supportive.
Some families are worse for children than even the worst institutions.
Some families arrange multiple beds in one room or even sleeping bags on the floor.
Some families ask for much more and can make it quite difficult on the groom.
Some families ask officials.
Some families avoid all online commerce, while others have rules for purchases.
Some families become angry with the patient.
Some families become counters.
Some families become issues.
Some families become makers.
Some families become residences.
Some families begin as soon as their baby is born just to get into the habit, and that's fine.
Some families believe their income is the only item reviewed in determining aid eligibility.
Some families belong to and attend services at the Rochester or La Crosse synagogues.
Some families bring a baby sitter to play quietly with children while parents attend workshops.
Some families bring children.
Some families bring notebooks with family histories, assessments, and school records.
Some families bring picnics to eat during the ride.
Some families bring several.
Some families bring spiders.
Some families build castles, some prefer little cottages.
Some families buy a lot of cards.
Some families can accommodate students who are traveling with children.
Some families can afford the rising prices.
Some families can be in two stages at one time.
Some families can borrow an oximeter, or rent one.
Some families can no longer afford to feed themselves.
Some families can return to their rural roots.
Some families can trace their ancestry on the land back over twenty-five generations.
Some families catch fish.
Some families celebrate menarche as the time when a girl becomes a woman.
Some families choose a goose, duck, rib roast, ham, or perhaps a fancy crown roast of lamb or pork.
Some families choose to alternate years and visits to parts of their extended family.
Some families choose to arrive early and have a vacation before the adoption takes place.
Some families choose to assign each family member a song, short lesson, activity and treat.
Some families choose to be separate from the Samoan community.
Some families choose to bury the ashes.
Some families choose to hold school year round.
Some families choose to keep the cremated remains in an urn or other appropriate container.
Some families choose to place special items in the casket or urn with the deceased.
Some families choose to take road trips.
Some families claim that after they get used to the new pet, they never even want another dog.
Some families claim the police are stealing their money and humble possessions.
Some families claim they have never received any aid, even for burial expenses.
Some families clean their houses and throw away old clothes.
Some families clearly have a string of cardiovascular disease.
Some families combine a sweet with sugar-free items.
Some families come apart when the emotional supports are exhausted.
Some families come, and the prisoners worry themselves sick about bad weather and drunken drivers.
Some families complain about conditions in the facilities.
Some families compose of twins.
Some families comprise hare rabbits.
Some families comprise of brothers.
Some families comprise rabbits.
Some families consider green turtles.
Some families consider turtles.
Some families consist of carnivores.
Some families consist of cats.
Some families consist of girls.
Some families consist of husbands.
Some families consist of llamas.
Some families consist of mad old witches.
Some families consist of offspring.
Some families consist of old witches.
Some families consist of people.
Some families consist of plants.
Some families consist of sons.
Some families consist of witches.
Some families consist of women.
Some families contain alligators.
Some families contain animals.
Some families contain banana plantains.
Some families contain beneficial insects.
Some families contain genus.
Some families contain insects.
Some families contain pineapples.
Some families contain plantains.
Some families contain privets.
Some families contain small animals.
Some families contain vegetables.
Some families contain walruses.
Some families continue to be buffeted by economic and social forces.
Some families create expression.
Some families create unique expression.
Some families dance and sing to bring in the new year.
Some families decide that they're going to try it on their own.
Some families decide to build a new home rather than purchase an existing one.
Some families deny or minimize the client's difficulties.
Some families deny the problem or fantasize about an instant cure.
Some families depend on chickens.
Some families depend on goats.
Some families develop favorite meals because there's a role for everyone.
Some families develop prenuptial or antenuptial agreements.
Some families develop types.
Some families discuss money with ease, for most though the subject is taboo.
Some families do both, depending on the needs of each child.
Some families do have specialized eyes called the aesthetes.
Some families do offer rewards.
Some families do talk about it, however.
Some families do that very well.
Some families do the math and opt to move vs. improve.
Some families draw closer during times of trouble.
Some families dream of having their own basketball team.
Some families drive animals.
Some families drive ponies.
Some families dry corn husks for tamales on the front lawns.
Some families eat crabs.
Some families eat diets.
Some families eat fish on the Jewish New Year as a sign of fertility and prosperity.
Some families eat lunch at the park and have picnics.
Some families eat out a lot.
Some families eat out on the holidays for a cooking and cleanup break.
Some families eat pheasants.
Some families eat rabbits.
Some families employ full time maids for child care services.
Some families enjoy following exercise videos together.
Some families enjoy hosting two or more students in their home.
Some families enjoy small gatherings while others have a large family reunion.
Some families enjoy small, private gatherings.
Some families enjoy their moon cakes on their balconies while gazing at the moon.
Some families enroll their children in the Italian schools out on the economy.
Some families establish depressions.
Some families even go as far as setting up their own school.
Some families even go as far as to schedule ''interviews'' with their children each month.
Some families even go so far as to run up debts in order to go on holiday.
Some families even have a private celebration to honor the maturation of the young woman.
Some families even have birthday parties with a cake and a present for the child from the newborn.
Some families even schedule one evening every week for special family activities.
Some families even share plots.
Some families even take vacations to see original documents pertaining to family history.
Some families even use microhydro generators to supply electricity to light their homes.
Some families expect each member to give a gift to everyone in the family.
Some families expect to be wealthy leaders, others expect to be poor.
Some families experience a stressful time two weeks before and two weeks after a move.
Some families experience convergent evolution.
Some families experience evolution.
Some families experience hallucination.
Some families experience mental illness of a loved one in a particular way.
Some families experience multiple changes, others lead quite stable lives.
Some families fall into an intermediate category of risk.
Some families feed goats.
Some families feed hummingbirds.
Some families feed rabbits.
Some families feel that they have too much income to be eligible for financial aid.
Some families feel they have to hide their relative's illness from the rest of the world.
Some families fill photo albums with pictures that are shared with the classmates.
Some families find answers.
Some families find blending easy.
Some families find chefs.
Some families find comfort in doing what they've always done, and other families do some of both.
Some families find it difficult to talk about cancer or share their feelings.
Some families find it difficult to talk about serious illness or share their feelings.
Some families find it easier and less expensive to administer saline enemas.
Some families find it helpful to bring the person with dementia for a tour of the setting.
Some families find it helpful to have a brief meeting after dinner once a week.
Some families find it helpful to have the parents take turns putting the child to bed.
Some families find it meaningful to recite the blessings while the candles are being lit.
Some families find memory.
Some families find personal chefs.
Some families find schizophrenia.
Some families find strength in gathering to say the Rosary or evening prayers.
Some families find that having a reading time when the whole family reads works.
Some families find they save enough money for an annual vacation.
Some families focus on methods.
Some families follow an eclectic approach, where they pick and choose curricula as they go.
Some families follow caribou.
Some families follow steps.
Some families follow the crops up the East Coast with children in tow.
Some families frequent the bookstores and educational supply stores in their communities.
Some families function via consensus and have family meetings, processes common with associations.
Some families gain and others lose.
Some families gather coconuts to sell in the markets, or from the side of the road.
Some families gather used coats, mittens, boots, and scarves to distribute to homeless people.
Some families get both.
Some families get more done at homework time when they set up an incentive program.
Some families get waves.
Some families give away pencils and colorful erasers for school.
Some families give up television.
Some families go online to look up and reserve books at their local library.
Some families go to church earlies to give thanks for all the blessings received during the year.
Some families go to church.
Some families go to restaurants and others have parties in their houses.
Some families go to the cemetary to pay a visit to their ancestors or love one who died in wars.
Some families go up the coast for a holiday.
Some families grow closer, while some grow bitter, and some just endure.
Some families have a disproportionate number of rare members.
Some families have a hard time putting three meals a day on the table.
Some families have a history of inherited diseases or birth defects.
Some families have a mom and a dad and one or more children who all live together in one house.
Some families have a predisposition toward heart disease.
Some families have a prevailing mood of optimism, or of depression, or of thoughtfulness.
Some families have a significantly higher risk of developing certain cancers than other families.
Some families have a special feeling for another country or culture.
Some families have a strict bedtime which is never changed for any reason whatsoever.
Some families have a time limit on how long they can get food stamps.
Some families have a tradition of saying grace, a prayer, or holding hands before a meal.
Some families have a well and pump inside the courtyard.
Some families have access to and benefit from early childhood care programmes.
Some families have access to early childhood care programmes.
Some families have access to early childhood care programs.
Some families have an inherited tendency towards high blood cholesterol.
Some families have an initial family conference to discuss the arrangements.
Some families have animals.
Some families have autosomal inheritances.
Some families have autosomal recessive inheritances.
Some families have awesome backyards.
Some families have backyards.
Some families have beetles.
Some families have best chances.
Some families have bodies hanging from posts or trees around the burial square.
Some families have bought themselves generators, so they have DC current in their homes.
Some families have buds.
Some families have cats.
Some families have causes.
Some families have certain traditions for particular holidays.
Some families have certificates.
Some families have chances.
Some families have characteristics.
Some families have chickens.
Some families have children at home and children in school.
Some families have circles.
Some families have coal.
Some families have colonies.
Some families have concerns about their child, but their child is developing typically.
Some families have crests or tartans.
Some families have daughters.
Some families have death certificates.
Some families have desire.
Some families have division.
Some families have effects.
Some families have emergency cash hidden somewhere in the house.
Some families have family prayers and the reading of Scripture passages on each evening.
Some families have farm animals.
Some families have farms.
Some families have fireworks, too.
Some families have flower buds.
Some families have funeral and burial traditions.
Some families have general habitat preference.
Some families have gills.
Some families have good time.
Some families have guns.
Some families have habitat preference.
Some families have ham or roast goose instead of turkey.
Some families have high risk of cancer because of inherited cancer risk genes.
Some families have home businesses that all partake in.
Some families have hoofs.
Some families have horns.
Some families have information that have been handed down from generation to generation.
Some families have inheritances.
Some families have large farms.
Some families have mammals.
Some families have many styles.
Some families have mass.
Some families have more asthma than others.
Some families have more moles than others.
Some families have more people living in the house.
Some families have more than one member affected.
Some families have nest sites.
Some families have no children living in the house, just a couple of adults.
Some families have no electricity or running water in their homes.
Some families have no idea.
Some families have only one member, some several, some dozens.
Some families have parties.
Some families have passports.
Some families have periods.
Some families have pests.
Some families have pet cats.
Some families have petals.
Some families have preference.
Some families have problems enjoying summer backyard activities because of chiggers.
Some families have problems paying taxes.
Some families have quality.
Some families have recessive inheritances.
Some families have regular family meetings which can be a good choice.
Some families have rest mass.
Some families have reunions that are gala events lasting for days.
Some families have rooms.
Some families have scorpions.
Some families have several characteristics.
Some families have several different last names involved.
Some families have several members competing in the races.
Some families have several outdoor living areas.
Some families have several special needs children.
Some families have several unique characteristics.
Some families have several weights included, and special characters.
Some families have sheep.
Some families have sites.
Some families have small numbers of horses, hogs, llamas and sheep.
Some families have so much wealth to manage, they hire a permanent, in-house money team.
Some families have some disagreements with some of the statements in the science CDs.
Some families have sources.
Some families have strands.
Some families have the grandfather clock.
Some families have the new-fangled radios, but there are few cultural opportunities.
Some families have their checks.
Some families have their children do homework before supper, some after.
Some families have their genealogies in book format which are distributed in limited edition.
Some families have their own homes.
Some families have time.
Some families have to pay a small monthly amount.
Some families have to walk for hours every day to tend their fields.
Some families have trips.
Some families have two daddies or two mommies.
Some families have two moms or two dads, or live with an aunt, uncle, or grandparent.
Some families have two or three machines.
Some families have two parents, some have only one.
Some families have two vehicles and two drivers.
Some families have two-room accommodation, each room no more than one by two meters.
Some families have unique characteristics.
Some families have weekends.
Some families have wonderful, strong, happy relations with their school district.
Some families have young people train under uncles, aunts, and outside managers.
Some families hire professional mourners to help the relatives to bring out their feelings of loss.
Some families hit deer.
Some families hold regular meetings at a designated time each month.
Some families hold services.
Some families homeschool because they want to travel extensively.
Some families homeschool for preschool as a way to test the waters.
Some families however are likely to abuse their children again.
Some families incorporate herbal therapy into their daily routines.
Some families increase the proportion of eggs and onions to liver.
Some families interact little.
Some families involve slaves.
Some families just have a desire to adopt.
Some families just have a sleeping bag on the floor for lonely or frightened children.
Some families just seem blessed.
Some families just seem to be able to get it all together.
Some families keep a child-sized kitchen setup in or near the kitchen.
Some families keep a diary or a record of daily blood counts and medications given.
Some families keep amphibians.
Some families keep animals.
Some families keep bees.
Some families keep cats.
Some families keep cattle.
Some families keep chickens and other small livestock.
Some families keep chickens.
Some families keep cows.
Some families keep cremated remains in an urn or other appropriate container.
Some families keep dogs.
Some families keep doves.
Some families keep ducks.
Some families keep goats.
Some families keep hamsters.
Some families keep horses.
Some families keep just one TV and leave it in the closet except for occasional viewing.
Some families keep pigeons.
Some families keep pigs.
Some families keep rabbits.
Some families keep secrets.
Some families keep sheep.
Some families keep the TV off on weeknights and tape favorite shows to be watched on weekends.
Some families keep their supplies in a basement shelter area or in a storm cellar, if they have one.
Some families keep turkeys.
Some families kill prey.
Some families know a great deal about their family roots, while others know very little.
Some families know details.
Some families know few details.
Some families learn about bats.
Some families leave the country.
Some families leave the middle name blank, then the child can pick a name later in life.
Some families leave updates on their telephone answering machines.
Some families let children decide which toys others can play with.
Some families like to make their soup with sweet cream instead of sour cream.
Some families like to start their kids early in athletics.
Some families like to use the middle name for naming the child after the mother or father.
Some families list genealogy on their Web sites while others post e-mail links and family histories.
Some families live behind boarded-up windows.
Some families live in a dingy basement at the end of a long tunnel bringing both visitors and rain.
Some families live in cars and tents.
Some families live in constant fear.
Some families live in dens.
Some families live in more spacious dwellings located in the city's suburban areas.
Some families live in zones.
Some families locate an organization or institution that needs help by checking in the phone book.
Some families look for ways.
Some families lose babies.
Some families lose children.
Some families lose cousins.
Some families lose grandsons.
Some families lose husbands.
Some families lose multiple children before the underlying disorder is identified.
Some families love cattle.
Some families love fish.
Some families love horses.
Some families love ponies.
Some families love turkeys.
Some families love turtles.
Some families make a formal arrangement about hours and curriculum.
Some families make a kawenta every year.
Some families make appearances.
Some families make first appearances.
Some families make glimpses.
Some families make it a point to vist every year.
Some families make it.
Some families make large quantities to be eaten for breakfast, lunch and snacks throughout Passover.
Some families make news.
Some families make recipes.
Some families make the practice time for one child the homework or story time for another.
Some families make therapy.
Some families manage by sharing responsibilities with siblings or hiring help.
Some families move cattle.
Some families move.
Some families now have access to satellite dishes and get direct television transmissions.
Some families nurture children's social skills before they begin kindergarten.
Some families obtain a power of attorney to address the relative's needs.
Some families offer a prayer of thanksgiving before beginning each meal.
Some families offer comfort.
Some families offer fiber.
Some families offer health insurance.
Some families offer jewelry.
Some families offer paid sick time as well.
Some families offer ranges.
Some families only bring their children sporadically.
Some families opt for the bulk solution, buying half a cow and freezing the meat themselves.
Some families opt to locate a surrogate mother via their own personal contacts.
Some families opt to receive friends at their home or other location.
Some families opt to see the park by moving from campsite to campsite.
Some families organize home schools like a conventional school, with structured daily activities.
Some families own animals.
Some families own birds.
Some families own business.
Some families own cats.
Some families own cattle.
Some families own chickens.
Some families own companies.
Some families own cows.
Some families own dogs.
Some families own fabric.
Some families own goats.
Some families own hares.
Some families own industries.
Some families own lizards.
Some families own manufacturers.
Some families own pigs.
Some families own ponies.
Some families own rabbits.
Some families own sheep.
Some families own snails.
Some families own territory.
Some families own turkeys.
Some families own turtles.
Some families own two or more television sets.
Some families participate in group therapy, but other types of involvement are also needed.
Some families pass objects and ideas down from generation to generation.
Some families pass on old letters, jewelry, books, snuff boxes.
Some families pass on stories, songs or sayings.
Some families pass on the disorder in an autosomal dominant pattern.
Some families pay a small monthly fee plus a small charge to visit a doctor.
Some families pay for ballet lessons, others have to be satisfied with purchasing soap.
Some families pay nothing.
Some families pay their kids' college tuition from trust funds.
Some families plan their Maine vacations around a series of day trips to collecting sites.
Some families plan to capture the seasons of their life styles.
Some families play footballs.
Some families play important roles.
Some families play lead roles.
Some families play roles.
Some families plunk down cash for towering sport-utility vehicles and luxury sedans.
Some families point to their businesses' longevity under family ownership.
Some families possess animals.
Some families possess carnivores.
Some families possess cats.
Some families possess cattle.
Some families possess cows.
Some families possess dogs.
Some families possess gerbils.
Some families possess goats.
Some families possess hamsters.
Some families possess herbivores.
Some families possess horses.
Some families possess livestock.
Some families possess lizards.
Some families possess parrots.
Some families possess pigs.
Some families possess pups.
Some families possess rabbits.
Some families possess rodents.
Some families possess sheep.
Some families possess tortoises.
Some families possess turkeys.
Some families possess turtles.
Some families possess vertebrates.
Some families prefer drums instead of marimbas for family music-making.
Some families prefer grades and some prefer raw numerical scores.
Some Families prefer someone who has experience, be it by training or through life experiences.
Some families prefer their own cooking.
Some families prefer to eat with their fingers, while others use chopsticks or cutlery.
Some families prefer to follow a packaged curriculum to the letter.
Some families prefer to follow the public school calendar.
Some families prefer to use bottled water for food preparation at home.
Some families prefer to work with agencies in other states or foreign countries.
Some families produce fruit.
Some families produce lawyers, others teachers.
Some families produce pottery as a sideline after their routine work in the fields.
Some families provide children.
Some families provide evidence.
Some families provide niches.
Some families purchase one or two nice puzzles each holiday season.
Some families qualify for aid because there are two or more children in college.
Some families qualify to receive government funds to help pay for child care.
Some families question their child's development and want more guidance.
Some families raise animals.
Some families raise bees.
Some families raise chickens.
Some families raise geese.
Some families raise goats.
Some families raise horses.
Some families raise livestock.
Some families raise pigs.
Some families raise rabbits.
Some families raise sheep.
Some families raise turkeys.
Some families reach into south Louisiana.
Some families read after dinner or as a part of their bedtime routine.
Some families read to their children.
Some families read together from their own Bibles, others take it in turns to read.
Some families really rely on their child to work during the summer.
Some families receive animals.
Some families receive instruction.
Some families receive services.
Some families receive support for the funeral, visiting the grave, and reactions that follow.
Some families receive tax free medical benefits from an employer.
Some families receive turkeys.
Some families reconcile, others remain estranged.
Some families reduce the cost by sharing a caregiver with another family.
Some families reject all help, or worse yet, reject the problematic child.
Some families reject attempts.
Some families release follow statements.
Some families release statements.
Some families rely on methods.
Some families rent more than one room or a larger room to be shared with another student.
Some families rent while others own a home.
Some families request additional tests.
Some families request food more regularly, just to make it to the next payday.
Some families request prayer.
Some families request tests.
Some families require it.
Some families require minimal training.
Some families review their advanced medical directives annually.
Some families ride horses.
Some families ride ponies.
Some families run stores either in town or along the main road.
Some families sail together.
Some families see each other only at dinnertime.
Some families see homework as an intrusion on family time.
Some families seek a more personalized architecture in response to specific situations.
Some families seek medical advice because they recognise that their child has a problem.
Some families seek redress with the death penalty after one of their own is murdered.
Some families seek the help of a family therapist who is trained in the field.
Some families select a family project which helps their children identify with other cultures.
Some families sell cattle.
Some families sell chickens.
Some families sell horses.
Some families sell pets.
Some families sell rabbits.
Some families sell sheep.
Some families send along breakfast, so there is often a small group munching away at a table.
Some families serve schools.
Some families share budget information with their teens.
Some families share fields.
Some families share homes to save money.
Some families share one email box at home.
Some families share several of the keepsakes.
Some families share the coins with everyone when the game is over.
Some families shoot deer.
Some families shoot rabbits.
Some families show a cat rampant with front paws on the wooden cross member of a vertical anchor .
Some families show an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern.
Some families show commercial production.
Some families show production.
Some families sign a document asking that no autopsy be performed.
Some families sing the praises of certain consultants and scholarship search companies.
Some families skip one meal a week and give the money they save to a charity.
Some families spawn doctors, some lawyers, others football players.
Some families spend a lot on meats.
Some families spend a week or so on their boat.
Some families spend hundreds a month.
Some families spend months paying back the debt they incur to obtain gifts.
Some families spend the entire night at the graveside eating and talking.
Some families start school in the morning and some in the afternoon.
Some families start the Passover meal with a boiled egg dipped in salt.
Some families start with rice porridge with sugar, cinnamon and butter.
Some families stay happily intact.
Some families still hope to find their loved ones alive.
Some families still kill their daughters.
Some families still live in homes that are half buried in mud.
Some families still live in the man-made cave dwellings in the cliffs and hills around the town.
Some families still observe the custom of exchanging gift baskets, mostly filled with edible treats.
Some families stockpile rations.
Some families suffer through a death of a child.
Some families supplement their income by making packagingmaterial for sweets.
Some families survive depressions.
Some families survive intact and the process forever alters some.
Some families take an aggressive approach to dealing with problems.
Some families take flight.
Some families take pride.
Some families take reductions.
Some families talk about current events.
Some families teach all summer and take winter vacations.
Some families teach children that home is safe and the world outside is dangerous.
Some families teach in the evenings and weekends to accommodate their work schedules.
Some families tend to develop thyroid and other cancers.
Some families tend to have moles that become cancerous.
Some families think so.
Some families thrive on small acreage country living with large gardens and farm animals.
Some families thrive on such heightened activity levels and stimulation.
Some families trace their roots back hundreds of years.
Some families try to hide their money from the aid officer's laser eye.
Some families try to make study time a quiet reading or work time for everyone in the family.
Some families try to preserve their property by selling or donating conservation easements.
Some families understand the many parts and obligations of parenting.
Some families unknowingly encourage their dogs to take over the pack.
Some families use a chair in a corner, some put their child in a bed.
Some families use a regular dinner plate.
Some families use a sofa or the bottom step of the stairs.
Some families use a treasured heirloom as part of the holiday celebration.
Some families use alcohol.
Some families use an automobile battery to power a radio.
Some families use binocularses.
Some families use energy resources.
Some families use fertilizer.
Some families use mealtime as the time to talk.
Some families use old coins or silver charms.
Some families use personal savings.
Some families use prepared prayers, while others pray extempore.
Some families use professional publishers.
Some families use religion as a unifying force, as do some communities.
Some families use resources.
Some families use the traditional umu for cooking, but many have electric or gas cookers.
Some families use their gas fireplace for weekends and others use it daily.
Some families visit national parks.
Some families visit parks.
Some families visit tombs.
Some families volunteer at homeless shelters serving the meals.
Some families wait until their child enters college to streamline their expenditures.
Some families walk around hand in hand singing songs.
Some families walk ten miles round trip, three or four times a day to fetch water just to survive.
Some families walk, always in single file, with the man leading and the woman bringing up the rear.
Some families watch pelicans.
Some families watch TV only on weekends.
Some families wear matching Santa hats.
Some families wish to include references to close relatives who have preceded the deceased in death.
Some families wish to scatter the cremated remains.
Some families wonder if judges even read the case records.
Some families work hard and adjust quickly, and others are doomed from the start.
Some families write the rules on paper to help children remember.
Some family addresses .
Some family says Scotland others say Ireland.
Famine accompanies drought here.
Famine affects society at large.
Famine becomes a social rather than a physical phenomenon.
Famine becomes an instrument of war.
Famine can induce spiritual hunger.
Famine causes hunger.
Famine comes upon the earth.
Famine continues in France as riots and looting of flour mills alert the king.
Famine creates a variety of birth defects.
Famine exists before and after the triggering event, yet the media ignore it until the event occurs.
Famine forces many people from their communities.
Famine is a common enough occurrence lately.
Famine is a constant finding in Africa, especially in Ethiopia and Sudan.
Famine is a constant.
Famine is a disaster of food insecurity.
Famine is a human phenomenon and therefore a political one Back .
Famine is a reality that many species face as competition can be fierce for food resources.
Famine is a situation of extreme scarcity of food, potentially leading to widespread starvation.
Famine is a tragedy
Famine is an absolute lack of food affecting a large population for a long time period.
Famine is an act of man.
Famine is an extreme example.
Famine is an inevitable result of poor weather and bad soil.
Famine is calamities.
Famine is determined at the beginning of the spring turn.
Famine is disasters.
Famine is imminent.
Famine is man made.
Famine is rife, everywhere, and thousands are dying for lack of medical attention.
Famine is rife.
Famine is shortages.
Famine is shown to be the most immediate and pressing of linked problems.
Famine is simply a widespread scarcity of food.
Famine is still a relevant topic.
Famine is their enemy they feed all with their work.
Famine is their shadow beneath the ashen Arctic sun.
Famine is usually the sad effect of war.
Famine is widespread and increasing as the population rises.
Famine occurs in northern India and western China.
Famine occurs in western India.
Famine occurs when there is an area of acute undernutrition.
Famine remains a stark reality.
Famine scourges the people.
Famine spreads in North Korea.
Famine stalks the land.
Famine strikes Europe.
Famine sums up the essence of a world order based on profits and state power.
Famine sweeps Russia.
Famine threatens ever larger portions of the globe despite increased food production.
Famine writes reviews of restaurants, recipes, and the occasional anime-related item.
Famines affect more people in the world than ever before.
Famines are common, limited resources, poor food, and poor medical coverage.
Famines are complex things since parts of Ethiopia produce a grain surplus.
Famines are entirely preventable through changes in policy.
Famines are extreme shortages of food that cause people to die of starvation.
Famines are likely to persist in Africa South of the Sahara.
Famines are really the withholding of food as a political act.
Famines are terrible.
Famines are the largest indirect hazard produced by volcanic eruptions.
Famines begin to spread.
Famines can occur even when there is plenty of food.
Famines destroy life today, as well as the hope of development.
Famines occur when there is a general shortage of food.
Famines thrive even in the absence of any general decline in food availability.
Most famines are man made.
Most famines have long gestation periods, typically covering two or more crop seasons.
Famished persons are liable to morbid excite- ment and fall into imaginative ecstasies.
Famous actress searches for real parents.
Famous alums are numerous.
Famous animals living in the sea are the whale and the dolphin.
Most famous area is Bordeaux.
Famous art abounds here and designed for fourth grader's and up.
Many famous artists owe their success to airplay on campus radio stations.
Many famous athletes are examples to the young generations.
Famous authors deserve some sort of gratuity.
Famous authors share practical and moving advise to others to help the words flow.
Many famous authors dictate everything and leave the transcription and punctuation to someone else.
Many famous authors use the services of ghostwriters.
Some famous authors die of brain cancer.
Some famous authors die of cancer.
Some famous authors send letters.
Famous beaches are only a short drive away.
Famous beer is made there.
Famous Buildings See all the most famous buildings from one comfortable seat.
Famous Cancers are to be found throughout the whole range of humanity.
Some famous caves are lava tubes.
Famous companies produce container vessels and automobiles there.
Famous conclusion features the madman being locked in a rubber room and never heard from again.
Famous cooks appear in aristocratic courts and they write cookbooks.
Famous cooks are in charge of the restaurant.
Most famous crew is probably the Rock Steady Crew.
Many famous curves are special cases of epitrochoid.
Many famous curves are special cases of hypotrochoid.
Famous Cyclists Read about some of the greats.
Some famous dancers can occasionally get away with doing it now.
Famous Dialogues lie on a table.
Many famous DJs appear in London to promote their overseas ventures.
Famous earthquake accounts.
Famous economists discuss public policy issues .
Famous entertainers like to go to the store and see their faces on the shelves.
Famous equations describe growth.
Famous equations describe logistic growth.
Famous equations describe logistic population growth.
Famous equations describe population growth.
Famous equations explain facts.
Most famous equations describe growth.
Most famous equations describe logistic growth.
Most famous equations describe logistic population growth.
Most famous equations describe population growth.
Most famous equations explain facts.
Some famous examples take places.
Some famous experiments cause burns.
Some famous experiments cause intense burns.
Some famous experiments demonstrate african hedgehogs.
Some famous experiments demonstrate hedgehogs.
Some famous experiments show air.
Famous faces abound.
Famous figures become real and alive when depicted on an old coin.
Famous figures float in and out of view.
Many famous franchises cost a million dollars or more to buy.
Famous Graves See the graves of thousands of famous people from around the world.
Famous Graves See the graves of thousands of famous people from around the world.
Famous guests pose questions for the viewers at home.
Famous guests share their thoughts on our city.
Many famous guitarists are known for their solo work .
Many famous guitarists are known for their solo work.
Famous guys can get younger women.
Some famous guy says sports promote violence.
Famous heroes wander the countryside, and can be summoned when their help is needed.
Every famous hero needs a villain, just as each great champion needs a worthy challenger.
Most famous introductions are the Explorer and Parkland series.
Many famous landmarks attract tourists to Sicily.
Many famous leaders do.
Most famous locality is Red Mountain near Birmingham, Alabama.
Famous magicians do tricks.
Most famous magicians do tricks.
Famous mark are especially vulnerable to such abuse.
Famous marks are, by at least one legal definition, distinctive and exclusive.
Some famous marks violate the following rules of thumb.
Famous models flit in and out of the film, too.
Famous monkeys provide surprising results.
Famous monument is constructed of reinforced concrete faced site of Texas fossilized buff limestone.
Famous monument is constructed of reinforced concrete faced with Texas fossilized buff limestone.
Famous musicians perform there , as well as young musicians who are just starting their career .
Famous musicians perform there, as well as young musicians who are just starting their career.
Famous musicians play concerts here all summer long.
Many famous musicians have a large repertoire of pieces that they can play from memory .
Many famous musicians have a large repertoire of pieces that they can play from memory.
Famous name offers free survey.
Famous names abound in the history of Liberty County.
Famous names answer the infamous question.
Famous names are indexes to ideas now in the public domain.
Famous names attend the use of kites.
Famous names Find out which adoptees have made a name for themselves.
Most famous names produce fine, long-lasting wines in good vintages.
Famous naturalists propose theories.
Most famous naturalists propose theories.
Famous nun joins call to end death penalty in Kentucky.
Famous parents leave diaries, like time-bombs, for their children.
Famous people appear in the records for much the same reasons as others.
Famous people are shown with bananas and scrapbooks are here too.
Famous people are the new royalty.
Famous people come here to talk.
Famous people come to have a public image.
Famous people come to show up and support their films .
Famous people come to show up and support their films.
Famous People Find biographical information online.
Famous people get a pass.
Famous people hate being in People.
Famous People Learn about Famous Japanese people here.
Famous people rely on discretion when spending time in public.
Famous people seem to know how to be helpful to the photographer.
Famous people talk about what food they crave and why.
Famous people visit.
All famous people are disgusting.
Many famous people are buried in the church .
Many famous people are buried in the church.
Many famous people are creative in spite of their spelling problems or other learning difficulties.
Many famous people are from Eastern Europe including composers, authors, athletes, leaders, etc.
Many famous people are from Egypt.
Many famous people are of Lakota heritage.
Many famous people come from the area around Stuttgart.
Many famous people come into the town.
Many famous people feel miserable the moment they slip from the limelight.
Many famous people have diabetes.
Many famous people have disabilities.
Many famous people have legacies connected with Nashville and Middle Tennessee.
Many famous people look forward to the opportunity to quit being famous for a short time.
Most famous people like to talk about how stinky it is to be famous.
Some famous people shy away from attention, publicity and awards.
A famous person is an adult
Every famous person has stuff.
Every famous person has their quirks.
Famous plantations are a short drive away, area beaches and golf are also available.
Famous Players do brief blurb and point the reader to the players section.
Famous Players has a companion-seating program.
Many famous players switching endorsements is a good indication of what's happening.
Famous poems are written by famous poets.
Famous poems are written by poets.
Most famous poems are written by famous poets.
Most famous poems are written by poets.
Famous professors allow leading universities to command higher tuition fees.
Famous quotes do much more than just stimulate the intellect.
Famous scientists perform experiments.
Most famous scientists perform experiments.
Famous sights are only a walk away.
Some famous skier dies in a tragic mountain biking accident in the south of France.
Most famous spas have some specific product that they consider their specialty.
Famous speakers come to talk about a wide variety of topics.
Famous stars act in minor roles.
Famous styles includes include abbey, alt, and brown beer as well as lambic, porter and stout.
Famous swimmers wear whole Speedo suits in the pool.
Many famous trademarks are computer addresses for unrelated entities.
Famous Trials Read about the most famous trials in history.
Famous universities are rich, so more money is available for financial aid.
Famous vegetarians are everywhere.
Famous vicar claims that the end is near.
Famous wineries abound and the region's exquisite cuisine features numerous gastronomic specialties.
Famous writer finds a passionate champion.
Famous writers write stories.
Most famous writers write stories.
FAMU opponents agree.
Fan artists submit as little or as much as they like and their artwork goes into the image gallery.
Some fan belts are part of ambulances.
Some fan belts are part of automobiles.
Some fan belts are part of autos.
Some fan belts are part of cars.
Some fan belts are part of dumpers.
Some fan belts are part of go-karts.
Some fan belts are part of motorbikes.
Some fan belts are part of pickups.
Some fan belts are part of taxis.
Some fan belts are part of trucks.
A fan blade is a vane
Some fan blades are sharp.
Fan clubs continue in Mexico, Italy and other countries.
Many fan clubs publish newsletters.
Fan clutches lose their grip as they age, and can be a common cause of overheating.
Fan disks are titles designed to appeal exclusively to fans of a series of games.
Fan fiction has an undeserved reputation as the red-headed stepchild of writing.
Fan fiction Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Fan fiction is a creative outlet for fans obsessive about any TV show, artist, book or video game.
Fan fiction is a form of derivative use.
Fan fiction is about writing and kinship with people.
Fan fiction is also here.
Fan fiction is also welcome.
Fan fiction is great.
Fan fiction is one way to learn the basics.
Fan fiction is read by millions.
Fan fiction is updated almost daily.
Fan fiction is welcome.
Fan fiction is written by hundreds of thousands of people across the globe.
Fan fiction welcome as well.
All fan fiction is the respective authors.
Every fan fiction is great in our opinion.
Fan force air transfers heat.
Fan interference is another possibility.
Fan loyalty does the rest.
Fan page features info on the star, media, interactivity, fan forum, news and links.
Fan page features links, fan club, scripts, quotes, and more.
Fan page offers biography, filmography, articles, multimedia, message board and links.
Fan page offers biography, links, photo gallery and filmography.
Some fan pages have glitz.
A fan palm is a palm tree
Fan palms have palmate leaves that radiate like fingers from a central hand.
Fan site features keyboard sheet music, misheard lyrics, pictures, and fan art.
Fan site includes news, biography, discography and pictures.
Fan site includes photos, biography, news and an interview.
Fan site includes sound files, photos, and discography.
Fan sites are for fans to express themselves.
A fan is a device
Fan isa device.
Fan travels abroad regularly to attend jewellery fairs and exhibitions.
Fans accept other fans, never mind the avoirdupois.
Fans accumulating the highest daily and weekly scores receive cash prizes.
Fans accumulating the highest daily scores receive cash prizes.
Fans adore Bossy for obvious reasons.
Fans adore it.
Fans agree following a winner is nice, but loyalty also comes from other avenues.
Fans also can bring their own food and non-alcoholic beverages to the park.
Fans also can enter east of the stadium.
Fans also can see special exhibits relating to air quality on the stadium's second floor concourse.
Fans also can sign up for a free team e-mail newsletter at the site.
Fans also complain about salaries.
Fans also contribute.
Fans also enjoy a busy schedule of minor-league style promotions and appearances.
Fans also have the ability to pay by check.
Fans also have the option of making a flat donation to help support the cause.
Fans also love the quirky contours of the field itself .
Fans also receive a keepsake enamel pink ribbon to show their support.
Fans also receive a keepsake enamel ribbon to show their support.
Fans also remain incredibly loyal.
Fans also seem attracted to the youth movement.
Fans also stock up on crunchy food.
Fans also take it home to use in planning the next home-game weekend activities.
Fans also throw marshmallows, pieces of ripped up paper, and pass beach balls around the stands.
Fans apparently are excited about the new site, too.
Fans appear to be growing increasingly restless with the program.
Fans appreciate hard work and effort.
Fans are a bi-product of a program in today's modern era.
Fans are a common failure point.
Fans are a different matter.
Fans are a terrific investment during summer months.
Fans are a very important part of racing and it's long-term success.
Fans are able to enter their votes in-arena or via the internet.
Fans are able to follow somebody for four years.
Fans are able to hear conversations in the huddle and on the sideline.
Fans are advisable during the beginning of the fall semester when living on the east side of campus.
Fans are also able to review all the highlights of the most recent games.
Fans are also available upon request.
Fans are also free to find other financing arrangements, or put the bill on their credit card.
Fans are also welcome to bring lawn chairs and blankets for seating around the fields.
Fans are always bizarre.
Fans are always interested in getting free gifts during games.
Fans are always welcome, autographs are available at the player's leisure.
Fans are among the most romantic of all species.
Fans are an imaginative bunch.
Fans are an important back-up to the lives of our clubs and the national team too.
Fans are angry and hurt.
Fans are are fickle and unforgiving.
Fans are available in single or double inlet and can be installed in any plane.
Fans are available on request.
Fans are avalable on request.
Fans are aware of how important sponsors are to the sport and realize they are taking a risk, too.
Fans are both men and women and boys and girls.
Fans are by turns crude and oddly respectful.
Fans are capable of cool air.
Fans are cheaper than clothes driers.
Fans are cheaper to operate than an air conditioner.
Fans are cheaper to operate.
Fans are closer to the action than any other sport.
Fans are crazy about trading pins and buttons.
Fans are crazy for their college basketball.
Fans are critically important, as are sponsors, as are race teams.
Fans are devices.
Fans are different as well.
Fans are different.
Fans are disconsolate.
Fans are disgusted and have little reason to show any fan support or loyalty to local teams.
Fans are eager to be like the racers they admire.
Fans are effective, too.
Fans are electrical appliances.
Fans are electrical devices.
Fans are eligible to vote once per week.
Fans are everything.
Fans are everywhere.
Fans are exceptional people.
Fans are excited to see the ultimate competition , man against beast.
Fans are excited.
Fans are extras.
Fans are fans.
Fans are far less puritanical today.
Fans are fickle.
Fans are flat pie-wedge shaped brushes used for blending in oil or acrylic painting.
Fans are followers.
Fans are frustrated and everybody in Springfield is frustrated.
Fans are funny, though.
Fans are grateful for that.
Fans are hot swappable.
Fans are human.
Fans are hungry for a World Series title, and that can be appreciated.
Fans are in an uproar.
Fans are in for a treat.
Fans are in for some big changes.
Fans are just tired of the greed.
Fans are large, clean and in good health.
Fans are limited to one entry per contest per person.
Fans are limited to one response per week.
Fans are located in bedrooms.
Fans are located in football stadiums.
Fans are located in houses.
Fans are located in living rooms.
Fans are located in race tracks.
