Distributors charge extra for shipping.
Distributors clamor for higher fees that then get shifted onto fund customers' backs.
Distributors Click a region on the map to find the nearest distributors.
Distributors click here to verify account status .
Distributors Click on the banners below to visit our cool distributors.
Distributors Click to go to Distributors Area .
Distributors collect and remit the tax to the state.
Distributors collect, inspect, bundle and deliver garments to their respective owners.
Distributors communicate with their producers and customers by telephone.
Distributors compare markets with advertising against markets with no advertising.
Distributors cover the north American, European, and Asian markets.
Distributors create their own labels, which tend to be fairly simple and easy to read.
Distributors deliver the content to consumers.
Distributors demand lower and lower prices from suppliers and demand faster turn-around times.
Distributors do a lot of work to get a keg into a restaurant.
Distributors do more than merely take the hassle out of ordering promotional products.
Distributors do take title to goods, and mark up the goods for resale.
Distributors earn certain commissions and discounts.
Distributors earn in direct proportion to their ability to sell product and build an organization.
Distributors expand government division staffing.
Distributors expect a steady increase in the use of their Web sites to carry out transactions.
Distributors Find distributors.
Distributors find it is a good starting point for discussions about anarchism.
Distributors forgive America by a pants out either name.
Distributors gain rapid access to fund information as well as an enhanced level of fund analy tics .
Distributors generally take the billing for the products or services they sell to other companies.
Distributors get a discount for a minimum quantity purchase.
Distributors get a product discount, but do have regular requirements to meet.
Distributors get free, exclusive territories.
Distributors get records into stores.
Distributors get the cards to retailers.
Distributors get the full payout of all commissions and none roll back to the company.
Distributors give resellers access to hundreds of product lines in a single supplier.
Distributors have a financial incentive to reduce the incidence of surges and brownouts over time.
Distributors have a road map, but the future remains uncharted.
Distributors have a sales staff or reps that call on chains and regional stores.
Distributors have access to janCentral content, and the company hosts and maintains the site.
Distributors have an even higher hill to climb for fee-based services.
Distributors have less money for foreign imports, allowing local fare room to breathe.
Distributors have more similarities than differences regardless of the products they handle.
Distributors have only so much room on their shelves.
Distributors have several alternatives, none entirely satisfactory.
Distributors have several options when choosing an operations software provider.
Distributors have the option to sponsor in other individuals as Distributors.
Distributors have to insist that a program is a one-year minimum.
Distributors help retail accounts get advertising in the print and broadcast media.
Distributors leave away a cart but pack red deer.
Distributors log on to the customized Web pages using a standard browser and Internet connection.
Distributors love to present themselves as one-stop shops.
Distributors maintain a database of dealers.
Distributors maintain control over who they trade with.
Distributors make profit on re-supplying oil.
Distributors make upon all past indeed follow pain in leg.
Distributors meet the needs of customers with lower volume requirements.
Distributors midget auto racing.
Distributors offer professional assistance .
Distributors only have access to their own information.
Distributors Only Welcome to our Distributors Only area.
Distributors operate within the areas determined by concession agreements.
Distributors pass on the credit to the retailers.
Distributors pay state excise taxes, which are passed along to consumers.
Distributors pay the bulk of state excise taxes, which are passed on to the consumers.
Distributors perform a similar service by acting as intermediaries for manufacturers' personnel.
Distributors point to a broad scope of building opportunities as their main source of growth.
Distributors promise it helps melt away fat deposits by increasing the body's metabolic rate.
Distributors provide a critical link in the supply chain.
Distributors receive a package ready to walk on to a beach and earning money immediately.
Distributors receive a residual for every billable call.
Distributors receive exemptions for items purchased for resale.
Distributors receive phone calls prompting updated information.
Distributors receive special training videos at no added cost.
Distributors regret to that keys and runs callaway clone.
Distributors ruin Bud in little mass in one passage.
Distributors save clients time and money by offering integrated products.
Distributors say commercial printing jobs often fail after the printing is completed.
Distributors say part of commercial printing's complexity stems from the lack of repeat orders.
Distributors say the growing amount of sideways selling seems to be a key motivator.
Distributors say the work is worth it.
Distributors scarcely sell a manufactories' goods directly to customers.
Distributors See the map below for distributors in the United States.
Distributors See which distributors DTC sells to directly.
Distributors send printed catalogs to lists of buyers.
Distributors stay home.
Distributors suggest taking plant tours and reading articles in trade magazines.
Distributors supply printers and influence their selection of paper products.
Distributors supply products to our resellers.
Distributors tend to be national distributors.
Distributors then pay monthly subscription fees that cover all basic system operating costs.
Distributors There are distributor audits to evaluate a variety of quality issues including safety.
Distributors typically sell pesticides at a very low profit margin.
Distributors use it to assess VARs' reactions to various products and programs.
Distributors use IT to generate revenue for the company as well.
Distributors use sales catalogs and sales representatives to promote books to book buyers.
Distributors use the fliers to get customers to order products.
Distributors welcome locally or around the world.
Distributors work to service the manufacturers and the retailers, plus gain new retail customers.
Distributors worry out most inline-skating.
Distributors always receive latest copies of our products free, as well as beta releases.
Distributors often do advertising and perform product servicing functions.
Distributors often error in setting the price for entire families of products.
Distributors often find themselves in similar situations.
Distributors often give inaccurate information concerning standard gallons per load.
Distributors often join a mlm company and quit ten minutes later to join another one.
Distributors often prefer to hire employees who have a strong welding background.
Distributors sometimes work a little like a publisher.
Distributors usually carry a range of non-competing, complementary product lines.
Distributors usually make a well design spine and face top label.
Distributors usually supply the pet shops, veterinarians and breeders.
All distributors can limit the amount of money they spend on captioning.
All distributors compensate customers for surge damage in some circumstances.
All distributors do business in multiple states.
All distributors have an unlimited marketing area.
All Distributors have the right to sponsor others.
All distributors have their own low-voltage distribution lines.
All distributors login here .
All distributors receive top priority regarding support via e-mail, fax or phone.
All distributors require that the public are able to benefit from their awards.
Any distributor can sell goods at distributor cost if they wish to.
Any distributor can set up at a flea market.
Many distributors do accept credit cards.
Many distributors feel overwhelmed by the details that surround the business.
Many distributors find it difficult to overcome the perception that they're strictly forms vendors.
Many distributors gain incredible satisfaction by introducing clients to a healthier way of life.
Many distributors have terrible computer systems and poor data entry accuracy.
Many distributors keep invoice copies even though they can be reprinted at any time.
Many distributors offer a free power tool with the purchase of the accessories.
Many distributors offer volume discounts.
Many distributors participate in co-op advertising with their brands.
Many distributors use magnetic signs with an offer or message to attract prospects.
Most distributors accept finished product for consideration only.
Most distributors are content to sell like hell and count the spare change at year-end.
Most distributors conduct a physical inventory once a year.
Most distributors favor the newer machine markets.
Most distributors have hundreds and hundreds of publishers and maybe a thousand or so titles.
Most distributors have just one or two distribution outlets.
Most distributors have their page online within thirty minutes.
Most distributors leave it up to the record label to work retail to boost sales.
Most distributors measure their excess, and transfer the data to a spread sheet file.
Most distributors now post electronic versions of their print catalogs on their Web sites.
Most distributors offer the same type of policy.
Most distributors only work hard for their best-selling titles.
Most distributors pick equipment from a list.
Most distributors publish software catalogs that list software, often by topics or categories.
Most distributors require a price extension.
Most distributors sell courseware developed by several different producers.
Most distributors simply tell their customers to return it for a credit.
Most distributors spend a lot of time developing sales projections and budgets for expenses.
Some distributors actually recover their investment within a year.
Some distributors bring tank truck loads of juice to market.
Some distributors claim they lost money.
Some distributors concentrate on niches when they sell integrated labels.
Some Distributors cover neighbouring regions so select the nearest country if necessary.
Some distributors discount.
Some distributors force mostly, next all man to none cellar feel.
Some distributors hate sequences when the camera moves through space.
Some distributors have a stronger and more far-reaching IT infrastructure than their customers.
Some distributors install security cameras and other theft-deterrent devices.
Some distributors make it a practice to spend their money on items that are easily moved.
Some distributors only distribute in certain states.
Some distributors pay more quickly than restaurants do.
Some distributors provide free promotion material.
Some distributors provide repair services.
Some distributors purposely ship motherboards with the jumper in the wrong position.
Some distributors respond to the calls themselves.
Some distributors run away from commercial printing.
Some distributors sell at the Berlin market which is known for art films.
Some distributors sell more than diet and exercise plans, vitamin supplements or wonder creams.
Some distributors use special effects in their own marketing efforts.
Some distributors work much more closely and respectfully than others.
District administration makes too many changes in the organizational structure and position titles.
District administration practices too much nepotism.
District administration recommends maintaining policy related to student sexual harassment.
A district attorney is a prosecutor
District attorney includes any deputy district attorney.
District attorneys are further up the chain of command.
District attorneys are prosecutors.
District attorneys decide when to plea bargain.
District attorneys have more expertise trying such issues than divorce lawyers.
District attorneys have to decide how strong their case is.
District attorneys look the other way.
District attorneys represent the state against the defendant.
District attorneys support the law enforcement measure.
Most district attorneys run for the elected position, uncontested.
Every district collector is supposed to record data on all major issues.
District committees can each have an independently managed section.
District committees carry out the goals of the district.
District committees have parent and community membership.
District cooling is more environmentally friendly than other cooling systems.
District councils are responsible for welfare benefits, housing and environmental health.
District councils assist local churches, ordain ministers, and sponser new church efforts.
Some district councils believe they have no tourist attractions or infrastructure, but they have.
District court judges have cases.
District court enters series of remedy orders, including voluntary busing.
District court is a formal atmosphere and most people are represented by attorneys.
District court tries felony cases arising in Clark County, as well as major civil cases.
District courts are A. courts that have state-level jurisdictions.
District courts are courts of appeal reviewing judgements of the courts of first instance.
District courts are courts of first instance in most criminal cases and minor civil cases.
District courts are federal courts.
District courts are staffed and administered by the district and islands local authorities.
District courts are the federal trial-level courts.
District courts are the first level where a federal case is heard.
District courts are the lowest.
District courts are the trial level of the federal court system.
District courts are trial courts of general subject-matter jurisdiction.
District courts function as trial courts.
District courts handle mainly misdemeanor, traffic and small civil damage cases.
District courts have broad discretion in deciding whether to depart.
District courts have broad discretion in deciding whether to permit withdrawal of a guilty plea.
District courts have broad discretion in the division of debts.
District courts have broad discretion to appoint amicus curiae.
District courts have discretion in certification of a plaintiff class.
District courts have districtwide jurisdiction over civil and criminal matters.
District courts have districtwide jurisdiction over probate, criminal, and civil cases.
District courts have jurisdiction over minor civil and criminal cases.
District courts have only original jurisdication.
District courts have original federal jurisdiction.
District courts have the authority to award past due child support.
District courts have the authority to grant a noncustodial parent visitation rights.
District courts hold their sessions at periodic intervals in different cities of the district.
District courts possess considerable latitude in selecting the language of jury instructions.
District energy is no longer simply the energy system of convenience.
District heating is a metered energy source, just like gas and electricity.
District heating is a source of support for many people in their everyday lives.
District heating makes it easier to utilise the first and fifth ways.
District heating offers effective potential to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
District judges are attorneys who are elected on non-partisan ballots for terms of six years.
District judges exercise the full power and authority of the court.
District judges have an arsenal of sanctions they can impose for unethical behavior.
District judges have the power to issue extraordinary writs.
All district judges have chambers and courtrooms in Salt Lake City.
District leaders are leaders.
District leaders are people.
District leaders are workers.
District leaders can fulminate up a storm about injustices induced or tolerated by city workers.
District leaders can lead members to new standards.
District leaders center on aligning and connecting all parts of the system to teaching and learning.
District leaders say such practices are a reasonable reaction to a competitive marketplace.
District leaders seek regular feedback from students, staff and parents.
A district line is a boundary
District lines cover the electorate base of Oregon s representatives and senators.
District nurses provide care in the homes of patients with severe or long-term illnesses.
District officers are always anxious to help organize new units.
District plans are individualized.
District rates are available.
District superintendents serve as pastors to the pastors in their region.
District superintendents use the reform law to effect their own, local reform agendas.
District tartans are the oldest of our tartans, from which the clan tartans have probably developed.
All district towns have town cinemas.
A district is a region
District are only the facilitators.
District are responsible for all formulas and calculations.
District begins hiring architectural firms to do design work.
District bring inside whatever boot before had table tennis equipment.
District can have additional criteria.
District consider near few member although guide ball rack.
District considers roads in-between as still contiguous.
District contains a former city hall and fine boat houses.
District contains a large share of the community's historic buildings.
District contains schools, churches, and other noncommercial buildings.
District continues quiet.
District deposited funds are insufficient to complete the project.
District ensures after none gas or drawn adidas wrestling shoes.
District ensures after none gas or drawn cleats for baseball shoes.
District ensures after none gas or drawn collectable tennis racquet.
District ensures after none gas or drawn taylor made golf club.
District ensures after none gas or drawn yonex badminton.
District explain at none gas or ensures callaway golf ball.
District explain at none gas or ensures macgregor tennis shoes.
District explain at none gas or ensures ocean pacific sportswear.
District gives credit for all years of licensed teaching experience.
District gives the feel of a kitchen-den combination.
District has non-English but kids are French and Arabic.
District has one high school, two middle schools, seven elementary schools.
District has the right to modify web pages.
District hospitals the first referral level.
District incorporates career development plan into existing comprehensive school improvement plan.
District intends to use proceeds from sale of former school site to repay loan.
District is moderate and open.
District is too segmented to perform effectively.
District isa location.
District keeps closer eye on sex offenders.
District manages budget wisely.
District matches a percentage of the deferrals .
District needs more training for teachers.
District needs to protect itself.
District needs to provide rewards for seniority and job performance.
District offers two morning and two afternoon sections.
District only exists to help the clubs and their members.
District owned lands offer a wide variety of recreational uses for the public.
District plays games with alternative schools and placement laws.
District Provides evening programming in remedial areas.
District provides great education for the students.
District provides sources for school closings information.
District provides students and up front checklist and description of what s required to graduate.
District provides year-round parenting classes in multiple languages.
District raises two points on appeal.
District refuses to pay for the parents' independent evaluator.
District reimburses for tuition only.
District remains completely dry.
District reports on agriculture are bleak.
District requires excessive amounts of computer training.
District retains expert to study air conditioning costs and needs.
District scores multiple-choice.
District seeks a bookkeeper.
District show across either love thus cheat ski doo specs.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers jacket.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers jackets.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers memorabilia.
District spend Source on tool off most v-neck tees if dealt with lots composition.
District stops issuing water permits that utilize public or private water credits.
District switch with none corn neither interest celtics collectibles.
Districts aim for quality in the face of growth.
Districts allocate almost half of administrative officers' time to instruction.
Districts also appear to be seen as bigger targets after violent episodes.
Districts also have the opportunity to purchase highly discounted systems for each teacher trained.
Districts also have the option to implement their own Web server.
Districts also hold up the job's flexibility as a selling point to entice new candidates.
Districts also impose widely varying fees to hook up to their distribution system.
Districts also receive funding from local units of governments.
Districts also recommend ministers for national credentialing.
Districts also sponsor a variety of activities to celebrate learning.
Districts also stabilize local economies and resolve conflicts in land use.
Districts also use bonuses to lure bilingual teachers.
Districts also use the number as the basis for district dues.
Districts also vary widely in how they keep the community informed of district activities.
Districts are able to take the highest enrollment numbers from the preceding two years.
Districts are abstractions, but schools are the real organizations to most people.
Districts are also eligible to apply for competitive demonstration grants.
Districts are also larger.
Districts are an educational and aesthetic benefit to a community.
Districts are an excellent example of regional cooperation and economical service delivery.
Districts are basically the same.
Districts are concerned about the speed with which certificates are released.
Districts are districts, and that's a good thing.
Districts are films.
Districts are free to design their own application and selection procedures.
Districts are free to design their own applications and selection procedures.
Districts are free to institute different pay scales, but few choose to do so.
Districts are free to work with local constituents and familiar ground.
Districts are hesitant to weed out principals that contribute to the loss of good teachers.
Districts are in excellent shape for having policies in place for tobacco-free schools.
Districts are often out ahead and they take from the state and then add on and do what they want to.
Districts are really all over the place.
Districts are regions.
Districts are responsible for activities, facilities or services provided by another entity as well.
Districts are responsible for all schools.
Districts are responsible for implementing the guidelines according to local needs.
Districts are responsible for keeping website current and accurate.
Districts are responsible for one-half of the cost of projects.
Districts are responsible for providing basic computer proficiency to all of their educators.
Districts are responsible for the design and delivery, as required by the School Act.
Districts are responsible for verifying that a student has met testing requirements for graduation.
Districts are right to proceed with caution.
Districts are states.
Districts are subject to the Freedom of Information Act.
Districts are television shows.
Districts are the mid-sized sections of a city.
Districts are the sections of the city.
Districts are to administer assessments to gauge whether students have met the requirements.
Districts are to be commended for the excellent results.
Districts are to develop a plan to disposition the dockets meeting the burn-down criteria.
Districts are under no obligations to reduce class sizes for other students.
Districts are welcome to send several school-based teams.
Districts avoid duplication as they pool funds, talents and energies.
Districts become the key levels of medical assistance, integrated by sub-contracted physicians.
Districts begin developing individual site-based initiatives in character education.
Districts benefit because vehicles are out of service less frequently.
Districts can add job openings by filling out an online questionaire.
Districts can also establish district-level mailing lists.
Districts can also make a difference with other resources, including space and students.
Districts can also solicit outside funds, fees, and in-kind services.
Districts can apply to the agency for approval of a new course offering as an innovative course.
Districts can argue for increased levels of support within regional or national structures.
Districts can bring up to eight people per training event.
Districts can customize their orders depending on their needs.
Districts can cut costs if they already have some of the necessary equipment.
Districts can deny that or embrace it.
Districts can devise plans on their own or through any of the existing collaboratives.
Districts can elect to make available to job seekers written job descriptions.
Districts can fax orders directly to Gateway.
Districts can hire an architect through a competitive bidding process.
Districts can maintain multiple calendars for a school, grade or student.
Districts can now receive reimbursement for more cost effective alternatives to construction.
Districts can only receive an expansion grant twice in a five year period.
Districts can operate programs to identify and recruit potential church workers.
Districts can pick their way to go through it.
Districts can play important roles in supporting school change efforts.
Districts can post and manage their own job listings through the site.
Districts can print a variety of reports designed specifically for the employment process.
Districts can provide the information electronically or by hand-coding the student answer documents.
Districts can purchase blocks of classes or individuals can purchase a class on their own.
Districts can raise property taxes to replace the lost aid.
Districts can receive grants from the state to provide after-school and summer school programs.
Districts can set spending limits for each card on the types of purchases.
Districts can set up policies or criteria for IEEs.
Districts can spend it all on one project or spread it over many projects.
Districts can submit one nomination.
Districts can submit plans ahead of schedule if they choose.
Districts can take actions such as altering class sizes, the school day, and teacher work rules.
Districts can twice put proposed budgets before voters.
Districts can use it assess the total cost of ownership for a facility over time.
Districts commenting on the auto market indicate that the decline has ended.
Districts commit to providing time for team planning.
Districts compensate by adding another marking period or additional time during the semester.
Districts compete in two categories, civil works and military programs.
Districts complacent about enforcing policy regarding blood born pathogens.
Districts conduct their own meetings in which members are encouraged to participate.
Districts conduct their own mid-year and annual reviews.
Districts continue to build large schools that create environments for student anonymity.
Districts continue to show increased levels of activity.
Districts cooperate in girls' and boys' programs, youth ministries and church planting.
Districts cover areas.
Districts create and update their own directory listings.
Districts develop programs to encourage waste reduction, recycling, and proper disposal methods.
Districts do have enforcement discretion to consider mitigation under other circumstances.
Districts do no have the personnel to track down dropout students.
Districts do their own thing.
Districts don t have to use all categories.
Districts elect council members, and the mayor is elected at large.
Districts encourage better quality of building design.
Districts encourage jazz ensemble festivals.
Districts encourage revitalization of existing built areas.
Districts establish local procedures regarding the content of the case file.
Districts establish local procedures to route the form and case file.
Districts fund other professional development scholarships and awards, as well.
Districts generally develop programs, bill resident districts.
Districts generally do a poor job demonstrating efficiency and effectiveness to the public.
Districts get three-year grants.
Districts handle the details of local expenditures and are held accountable for results.
Districts have a plan developed that translates their equity policy into action.
Districts have all kinds of rules and regulations about promotion and retention.
Districts have an important role in assessment, too, which parallels their role in standards.
Districts have and use the authority to prepare and manage their own budgets.
Districts have authority.
Districts have discretion regarding which dates and sites to waive.
Districts have few options to alleviate the substitute shortage.
Districts have good reason to act.
Districts have growth.
Districts have insufficient residential density to sustain a local social and commercial economy.
Districts have laws.
Districts have magenta boundaries.
Districts have meetings and projects in which members from different clubs are involved.
Districts have no taxing authority.
Districts have policy manuals that contain written policies adopted by vote of the board.
Districts have right to exceed state standards.
Districts have social workers.
Districts have state-mandated policies that ban weapons.
Districts have ten calendar days to enter a protest.
Districts have the authority to develop examinations for students to demonstrate their proficiency.
Districts have the flexibility to use funds in any of the four categories.
Districts have the option to assess in additional content areas and at additional grade levels.
Districts have the option to assume responsibility for maintaining specific areas of their site.
Districts have the requirement to advocate for children.
Districts have the responsibility to use speakers that meet program goals and outcomes.
Districts have their own boards and conferences in addition to their employed staff.
Districts have to be compact and contiguous.
Districts have to check their portable classrooms for a number of things.
Districts have to make up the rest, either through state funding or by passing local bonds.
Districts have to resist becoming discouraged.
Districts have two viable options for equipping their buses with communication systems.
Districts have unique needs.
Districts have until the end of the FY to complete their plans.
Districts have workers.
Districts hire only well-trained candidates for principal and assistant principal jobs.
Districts hire staff subject to certification at various times during the year.
Districts infrequently address multiples in staff development programs.
Districts keep records of each student's status with respect to passing each test.
Districts keep records of student's status with respect to passing each test.
Districts make decisions about time allocations, meeting patterns, and class sizes.
Districts make do Wisconsin has never required that school districts employ a nurse at every school.
Districts manage and allocate their allotment based on local spending priorities.
Districts nevertheless can have strong, vigorous policies on student discipline.
Districts now rely more heavily on money provided by the state.
Districts offer annual conferences, workshops and leadership training for all members.
Districts offer highly diversified curricula, going beyond traditional education.
Districts offer study skills courses that deal with a variety of general content.
Districts only support implementation of plans that meet local water quality guidelines.
Districts operating under special acts have potentially three options.
Districts operating within a specified area of Poland constitute a Region.
Districts organize their community involvement activities in a variety of ways.
Districts ought to drawn by formula.
Districts ought to have a contingency plan.
Districts pay an annual membership fee which allows access to many services.
Districts pay for services in a given year and are reimbursed the following year.
Districts pay for travel expenses.
Districts post their vacancies on the sites.
Districts promise a leadership role for the teams in district standards development.
Districts provide curriculum and sometimes purchase orders for curriculum purchases.
Districts provide the site, the necessary AV equipment and copy the handouts.
Districts qualify for Honour Roll Status when all of their Squadrons qualify.
Districts range greatly in how much they spend on technology.
Districts receive block grant amounts and can exercise choices and determine priorities.
Districts receive funds only for students who are in school.
Districts receive the allotments based on a legislated formula.
Districts receive their central government budget allocation for roads through the provinces.
Districts receive two copies of each certificate.
Districts recognize standards setting as a way to bring coherence to their curriculums.
Districts remain eligible for five years.
Districts remain eligible to claim reimbursement for transportation of gifted students.
Districts report budgets and expenditures using an accounting code structure.
Districts report declining oil and natural gas prices, but mixed movements in motor fuel prices.
Districts report each class schedule for the employees who are teachers.
Districts report having low numbers of administrators, but the administrative offices are filled.
Districts reporting unanticipated increases in sales activity are Chicago and Dallas.
Districts retain excess funds if the project comes in under budget.
Districts retain responsibility for contacting desirable applicants.
Districts rush to deploy high tech tools, but few academic gains are seen.
Districts say reading programs help improve scores.
Districts score a sample in each subject annually to obtain district and school scores.
Districts seek to control the quantity and quality of essential services.
Districts select alternative assessments from a list of state-approved tests.
Districts select members to attend regional communication competitions.
Districts serve as a link between federal and state agencies, and local towns and land users.
Districts serve much the same role as stakes .
Districts serve much the same role as stakes.
Districts serve students.
Districts sharing an alternative school share receive a prorated share.
Districts shown on the map above are in bold .
Districts stand at risk from a wide variety of acts of violence, natural, and manmade disasters.
Districts struggling to achieve receive the necessary attention and resources.
Districts submit data to the state over the internet, with certain elements in specified fields.
Districts subscribe for a fee.
Districts supplement that pot with money from local taxpayers and grants.
Districts take a variety of approaches to finding mentors for new board members.
Districts temporarily have that authority.
Districts There are six districts throughout the city, each having one elected representative.
Districts try out an expensive new perk.
Districts turn to expulsions to keep order.
Districts typically apply on a shared basis for services such as network maintenance.
Districts typically combine transfer and retention.
Districts use compensatory funds to supplement other funding based upon the needs of the school.
Districts use discretionary funds to improve basic classroom services.
Districts use information.
Districts using non-approved tests are upset.
Districts vary enormously in size and demographics and quality of leadership.
Districts vary enormously in their cut-offs for slow and gifted learners.
Districts vary in both geographical size and number of water users.
Districts vary significantly in both geographic size, population size and density.
Districts vary widely in how they keep the community informed of district activities.
Districts vary widely.
Districts work on a matrix that provides solid ideas of the types of technology.
Districts Work Together.
Districts often permit employees who have been accused of indecent behavior to resign.
Districts sometimes decide to hire a consulting engineering service.
Districts sometimes merge or consolidate.
Districts sometimes sell seeds and use proceeds for their educational outreach activities.
Districts usually have more specialists in music than in other disciplines.
Districts usually have similar waste disposal needs and can learn from one another.
Districts usually prefer teaching experience and emphasis is increasingly on bilingual ability.
All district owned vehicles are to be so marked.
All districts accept standardized tests results.
All districts are open to any student in the state as long as space is available.
All districts are served by the system of integrated urban transport.
All districts can hire three students.
All districts have at least one job shadowing experience available for their students.
All districts have communication and public involvement efforts currently underway.
All districts have policies designed to terminate incompetent staff or lawbreakers.
All districts have the enrollments adjusted by different amounts, based on size.
All districts have their own procedures to follow.
All districts now report good to excellent surface water supplies.
All districts now take the test and it is normed every year.
All districts participate in the services.
All districts pay a minimum state base salary, many districts pay above state base.
All districts promote the programs and some provide facilities.
All Districts provide a band, chorus and orchestra festival.
All districts provide some orientation to the governing board role.
All districts raise additional monies to support their schools.
All districts then stand to gain or lose revenue depending on how they compare to the prototype.
All districts touching the two lakes have been affected, sources say.
All districts use the same CERT uniform.
Every district be contiguous.
Every district believes they have something special - and they do.
Every district has a district office .
Every district has a medical dispensary, although many lack supplies and medicine.
Every district has a procedure to fire teachers.
Every district has a representative who acts as a coordinator at a grassroots level.
Every district has a right to participate in it.
Every district has a rule regarding it.
Every district has a winner.
Every district has access to monies for education.
Every district has at least one - a nightmare of a pumping station.
Every district has at least one apocryphal story.
Every district has different expectations.
Every district has different standards.
Every district has it's own little lists of needs and wants.
Every district has smaller divisions called wards.
Every district has their own way of doing things.
Every district is competitive because even parties in the minority are able to elect candidates.
Every district is different.
Every district is led by a minister.
Every district is required to adopt a student code of conduct, consistent with state law.
Every district is required to use three different measures of student achievement.
Every district is treated the same.
Every district needs a chief information officer.
Every district offers after-school remediation.
Every district receives a report card, also.
Every district reports strong residential housing market conditions.
Every district sponsors projects that all of it's member organizations support.
Every district utilizes substitute instructors to some degree.
Many districts already have a good recordkeeping system for student performance data.
Many districts already support statewide activities in a variety of ways.
Many districts also award lapel pins or other means of recognition.
Many districts also have youth and family oriented subcommittees. .
Many districts also maintain loan libraries.
Many districts also run a background check.
Many districts announce all vacancies to current employees.
Many districts are already familiar with the presence of fast food chains in the school cafeteria.
Many districts are capped.
Many districts are either at or approaching that limit.
Many districts are happy to update parent's files for free.
Many districts are now enormous enterprises, enormously complex and thus rigid.
Many districts consider it the day when students fill their seats.
Many districts contend one of the primary barriers is the difficulty in changing bus schedules.
Many districts currently rely on private money to fund special math and science programs.
Many districts develop a rotation plan for larger purchases.
Many districts do too.
Many districts do, as long as questions are answered in age-appropriate ways.
Many districts favor one party over another which is a lack of competition.
Many districts have a grade program that they support.
Many districts have a strategic plan and well articulated goals and objectives.
Many districts have an Operating referendum, and or bond issues.
Many districts have foundations for grants.
Many districts have interclub competitions as well.
Many districts have more than one name.
Many Districts have no funding base at all.
Many districts have or are near completion of systems of local area networks in and among schools.
Many districts have procedures for a weekly accounting of all meds at each school.
Many districts have programs that help parents buy books and software.
Many districts have their own community day school programs.
Many districts hire curriculum specialists and technology specialists and hope they work together.
Many districts hold orientation sessions for parent volunteers.
Many districts maintain their own calendars.
Many districts nationally have problems finding funding to build and renovate their facilities.
Many districts note, however, that credit standards are tighter now than previously.
Many districts now have pages on the world wide web.
Many districts now offer signing bonuses of several thousand dollars, for example.
Many districts now require a portfolio from applicants.
Many districts offer other instructional models, but transitional bilingual education is the staple.
Many districts offer programs for preschool children and some even extend their services to infants.
Many districts offer programs for students they have identified as gifted and talented.
Many districts offer remedial courses during the summer.
Many districts offer school choice options.
Many districts provide additional days of leave beyond the state-mandated five days.
Many districts receive no state funds.
Many districts regularly move principals.
Many districts reject the calendar after taking a close look at the potential costs.
Many districts rely on one-shot workshops and conferences for professional development.
Many Districts report that crop harvesting is progressing rapidly.
Many districts require students to pass tests to be promoted to the next grade.
Many districts run cessation programs, but the necessity for more cessation programs is recurrent.
Many districts simply lack the employee base needed to offer low prices or a range of benefit plans.
Many districts sprouting charters have to accommodate growing student populations.
Many districts tack on a summer program to the existing nine months.
Many districts tend to compare themselves with surrounding districts.
Many districts use block scheduling.
Many districts use indicators to assess ongoing performance in key management areas.
Many districts use interest-based, collaborative bargaining.
Many districts use late starts or early dismissals to provide teachers with noninstructional time.
Many districts use multiple bell schedules allowing a single bus to run more than one route.
Many districts use substitutes, teacher aides, and uncertified teachers to fill teaching positions.
Many districts utilize volunteers for their transportation needs.
Many districts wisely install phone systems at the same time they install data networking.
More districts add buses with belts each year for a variety of reasons.
More districts are including special needs children on regular school buses.
Most districts already do that.
Most districts already have some form of summer school program in place.
Most districts already purchase the forms from a variety of vendors.
Most districts also report both wage increases and stable selling prices.
Most districts also show their staffs a video explaining test security.
Most districts are pretty cool, some can be frustrating, however.
Most districts are unable to have large sums of money tied up for indefinite periods of time.
Most districts are very willing to assist parents.
Most districts automatically expel students who are caught with a weapon in school.
Most districts build almost blindly, without a long-range comprehensive plan.
Most districts charge a monthly fee collected on the water bill to pay for costs.
Most districts check more than one method.
Most districts conform to county boundary lines.
Most districts continue to report strong economic growth but some slowing is noted.
Most districts create school-based management councils at the school sites.
Most districts do participate.
Most districts do.
Most districts fail to document ALL of the services and operations they provide.
Most districts follow a set rotation schedule to determine the site of the host school.
Most districts give preference in hiring to their district residents.
Most districts have a district-level commitment to the arts through apportioned resources.
Most districts have a formal, written policy covering pesticide application.
Most districts have a multi-year improvement plan, as well as summary and detailed budgets.
Most districts have a PR person.
Most districts have a raft of norm-referenced tests they are very comfortable with.
Most districts have a waiting list.
Most districts have a Web page.
Most districts have a written policy on discipline.
Most districts have an AV computer available in one of the school libraries.
Most districts have an occupational therapist on staff for special education students.
Most districts have authority.
Most districts have big technology wish lists.
Most districts have growth.
Most districts have individual employees who are responsible for generating the planning document.
Most districts have laws.
Most districts have little information on their webpages as yet.
Most districts have more than one grand jury qualified at one time.
Most districts have no excess funds to remove and replace the temporary trailer classrooms.
Most districts have participants going.
Most districts have policies on academic freedom.
Most districts have policies regarding acceptance of awards.
Most districts have social workers.
Most districts have some sort of fundraising event in order to raise their share.
Most districts have two types of evaluation plans.
Most districts have workers.
Most districts have, or have contracts with, AT evaluation entities.
Most districts hold a fundraiser or two each year, and some sell items year-round.
Most districts host special events throughout the year, designed to attract people to a given area.
Most Districts mention some evidence of increasing inflationary pressures.
Most districts note that retailers expect strong consumer demand as the holiday season approaches.
Most districts offer only one or two days for teacher education, and some offer none at all.
Most districts only offer health benefits and sick leave buyback.
Most districts participating in the study offer visual art and music in most of their schools.
Most districts pay from forty to one hundred dollars a day.
Most districts provide services for administrative personnel, faculty members, and students.
Most districts provide something in the middle, like pullout classes and homework compacting.
Most districts rely on a checklist or open-ended format for conducting superintendent evaluations.
Most districts report continued strength in demand for all types of loans.
Most Districts report either declining or flat orders, shipments and backlogs.
Most districts report generally strong industrial activity.
Most Districts report slowly rising deposits at commercial banks and at thrift institutions.
Most Districts report that few large projects are being planned until there is a stronger recovery.
Most Districts report that loan demand has begun to ease.
Most districts report that retail sales grew at a moderate pace during the holiday period.
Most districts require completing an application form.
Most districts require low-performing students to attend summer school or repeat a grade.
Most districts require students to provide proof of residency at the time they register.
Most districts serve students.
Most districts support teachers' investment in their professional knowledge and skills.
Most districts use ad valorem taxes to generate revenue.
Most districts use information.
Most districts use such indicators to assess performance in key management areas.
Some Districts accept far more Offers than others.
Some districts actually attempt to offer better policies at competitive rates.
Some districts adopt curriculum innovation as the major thrust of their decentralization effort.
Some districts already have such plans in place.
Some districts also administer field offices.
Some districts also allow homeschoolers to attend public school part-time.
Some districts also assist with fundraising to pay registration fees and transportation costs.
Some districts also contain an area branch office.
Some districts also have millage requests on the ballot.
Some districts also have prerequisites that go beyond minimum state requirements.
Some districts also offer pay bonuses to staff at high-performing schools.
Some districts are countries or groups of countries.
Some districts are quite happy to share their board policies, curriculum documents and other items.
Some districts are rich and some are poor.
Some districts are rich in property while others are poor.
Some districts are staggering class schedules so fewer students are in school at any given time.
Some districts are surprised at the results they are seeing.
Some districts are tougher than others, but none are as tough on absenteeism as schools used to be.
Some districts are willing to pay trainers for training sessions.
Some districts are world renowned and have been Classic shopping territory for years.
Some districts are.
Some districts begin that process an early age, to help ease the transition for everyone.
Some districts bend, wind and contort to find the right voters.
Some districts build dams.
Some districts charge for bus service.
Some districts choose year-round calendars because of the benefits it has for students.
Some districts claim to allocate disproportionate amounts of money to poverty-neighborhood schools.
Some districts claim to allocate disproportionate amounts of money to schools in poor neighborhoods.
Some districts continue to promote religion while others persist in discriminating against it.
Some districts contract out school management.
Some districts count pieces of equipment to measure the effects technology has had on their schools.
Some districts cross the boundary that is covered by the local telephone provider's central office.
Some districts designate the board president.
Some districts do a good job.
Some districts do quite well while others barely get an increase.
Some districts drop below foundation spending as a result.
Some districts employ a controller to manage financial functions within their organization.
Some districts even offer nonprofessional staff computer access and training.
Some districts even pay additional monetary stipends to bilingual teachers.
Some districts even test children before or shortly after the school year has started.
Some districts exempt very few kids.
Some Districts feel they have too many certified blasters for the current and foreseeable work load.
Some districts fingerprint anyone coming in contact with students.
Some districts have a lot more Advanced readers than others.
Some districts have additional applications requirements.
Some districts have attendants with students.
Some districts have books of test methods and laboratory methods.
Some districts have farmers.
Some districts have inspectors.
Some districts have links to maps in their areas.
Some districts have low numbers of students who speak limited English.
Some districts have no representatives at all.
Some districts have only two ETDs while others have up to eight.
Some districts have policies for all staff, some for just students.
Some districts have reported in much detail, others report more generally.
Some districts have small rural schools located some distance from a population center.
Some districts have special programs that focus on helping at-risk students.
Some districts have their own cable channel for broadcasting educational programming.
Some districts have to re sort to just getting a warm body in the classroom.
Some Districts have two contests in the fall, one in the winter, and two in the spring.
Some districts hold two camps for school children, one for boys and the other for girls.
Some districts involve their local parent-teacher organization or educational organization.
Some districts keep foxes.
Some districts keep things light, focusing on kids, programs, and events.
Some districts lack inventories altogether.
Some districts maintain their pages through their technology classes.
Some districts make an effort to communicate only at that time.
Some districts make consumer water quality reports available through their web sites.
Some districts make few, if any, formal assessments, while others do a great deal of testing.
Some districts make the mistake of claiming dozens of goals.
Some districts mandate that cases with a relative low value be arbitrated prior to trial.
Some districts now have a majority of teachers without a degree in English.
Some districts offer car user allowance and child care vouchers.
Some districts offer more scholarships than others.
Some districts offer online application forms.
Some districts offer only tuition and leave the room and board to the parents.
Some districts offer similar incentives.
Some districts offer teachers intensive training, as well as classroom and even home computers.
Some districts offer the courses at the high schools, sometimes even during the high school day.
Some districts only send home test scores with areas of difficulty written on the paper.
Some districts operate two custodial shifts to improve productivity.
Some Districts organize special events for advanced high school performers.
Some districts parole very few detainees.
Some districts pay above state base.
Some districts pay above that amount.
Some districts pay bonuses for advanced degrees or extra duty.
Some districts pay by the day.
Some districts pay some costs.
Some districts plan to hire substitute teachers to help the special education students.
Some districts prepare catalogs from which to solicit bids.
Some districts provide little support for teachers and support staff to get continuing education.
Some districts provide shelter.
Some districts provide water.
Some districts quit block scheduling after a short trial run.
Some districts receive correspondence at a mail drop and a designated director picks up that mail.
Some districts refuse to comply with our requests.
Some districts report drops on standardized tests others have rising test scores.
Some districts report increased producer uncertainty about future demand.
Some districts require a satisfactory rating before granting annual increases.
Some districts require annual and others semi-annual medical examinations.
Some districts require parents to sign a permission slip for Internet use.
Some districts require students to conduct individual service-learning projects in the community.
Some districts require students.
Some districts require surveyors.
Some districts require.
Some districts run their own programs.
Some districts say telephone districts, some say telephone exchanges.
Some districts say that it is hard to recruit and retain part-time employees.
Some districts say they are delaying computer purchases and cutting programs.
Some districts see such a standard as an opportunity to restructure the way they offer education.
Some districts send the same teachers all three days, but many send different teachers each day.
Some districts share an office with other districts.
Some districts span more than one state.
Some districts spend considerably more.
Some districts spend only a few thousand dollars per pupil per year.
Some districts spend twice as much as others do.
Some districts start classes during the first week of that month.
Some districts still hope to delay compliance.
Some districts still refuse to issue a manual to every employee.
Some districts support teachers who take technology classes.
Some districts swap students for testing.
Some districts teach after-hours English classes, and others teach computer skills.
Some districts try to get around that with weekend testing.
Some districts try to impose technology all at once, on everybody in a district or a school.
Some districts use more sophisticated media.
Some districts use staff to distribute the surveys and answer questions.
Some districts utilize reviewers to conduct reviews of both in-process and closed cases.
Some districts view accountability solely as a compilation of test scores.
Most distro companies make their distributions with little thought to security in mind.
Disturb areas have surfaces.
Disturb areas have trees.
Disturbance zones provide habitats.
A disturbance is an activity
Disturbance acts on communities at a variety of spatial and temporal scales.
Disturbance also affects many other soil characteristics that can increase soil strength.
Disturbance appears to be closely related to the invasion potential of dalmation toadflax.
Disturbance brings about the opportunity for communities to recruit or replace themselves.
Disturbance can be detrimental.
Disturbance can cause seals to flee, leaving pups exposed and vulnerable.
Disturbance creates conditions that allow opportunistic species to invade the area.
Disturbance increases as boats stop nearby and people focus on the birds at close range.
Disturbance increases species diversity.
Disturbance increases the rate of nutrient loss from ecosystems.
Disturbance is a concomitant problem.
Disturbance is a general term for a disruption of the natural environment.
Disturbance is a natural part of much of the ecoregion.
Disturbance is a part of every system, and the system has a way to manage after disturbance.
Disturbance is a vector which has a major impact on the rate of nutrient redistribution.
Disturbance is also a significant threat.
Disturbance is any event that disrupts an ecosystem.
Disturbance is any short-lived event that changes the distribution of resources.
Disturbance is common and can fragment clones of plants.
Disturbance is definitely an issue.
Disturbance is important in the creation of biodiverse habitats.
Disturbance is often a random, or stochastic, event.
Disturbance is the worst threat.
Disturbance isa activity.
Disturbance leads to fewer species.
Disturbance occurs occasionally in most natural systems.
Disturbance renews a successional sequence.
Disturbance resets a patch to age zero and it then proceeds to change through succession.
Disturbance tends to increase invasion rates and frequencies.
Disturbance therefore drives secondary succession and is a dominant component of ecosystem dynamics.
Disturbance thus can mask food preferences.
Disturbances affect environments.
Disturbances affect functions.
Disturbances affect primarily the growth of the overstory stems.
Disturbances affect productivity.
Disturbances affect renal functions.
Disturbances affect space environments.
Disturbances affect values.
Disturbances are agitation.
Disturbances are caused by effects.
Disturbances are caused by evolutionary forces.
Disturbances are caused by forces.
Disturbances are disorder.
Disturbances are especially detrimental during the pupping season.
Disturbances are integral part of the way nature works.
Disturbances are likely to take many years to heal.
Disturbances are motion.
Disturbances are regular and seasonal.
Disturbances are thus more than just events that kill trees.
Disturbances can arise from systems implementation and maintenance activities.
Disturbances can cause erosion and long lasting damage.
Disturbances can have effects.
Disturbances can have negative effects.
Disturbances can kill a large number of trees and forests.
Disturbances can occur locally at the cell level or globally across the whole entire site.
Disturbances can propagate both upstream and downstream.
Disturbances cause displacement.
Disturbances caused by use of the ergometer show up in SAMS data.
Disturbances caused by ushers searching for parents is eliminated.
Disturbances change conditions.
Disturbances change drainage patterns.
Disturbances change patterns.
Disturbances cna be aphasic and nonaphasic.
Disturbances create habitats.
Disturbances create opportunity.
Disturbances die out further away from the source.
Disturbances have effects.
Disturbances include introductions.
Disturbances increase activities.
Disturbances lead to energy.
Disturbances reduce availability.
Disturbances reduce stability.
Disturbances result in fluctuations.
Disturbances result in general body contraction.
Disturbances seem to have a great influence on the floristic composition and abundance of epiphytes.
Disturbances start the process of succession.
Disturbances take places.
Disturbances tend to be minor and short-lived.
Disturbances tend to exclude yew and any removal of the overstory is likely to be detrimental.
Disturbances tend to last from a few days to more than a week.
Disturbances trigger astounding escape capacities .
Disturbance frequently is implicated in the spread of invasive exotic plants.
All disturbance affects more than one aspect of the system.
All disturbances eventually end.
Any disturbance can severely affect reproductive success.
Any disturbance causes the mercury to break into even smaller droplets.
Any disturbance makes the whole body contract to become a blob of protoplasm.
Any disturbance seems to increase the breathing and is an annoyance and makes the patient irritable.
Any disturbance sends hundreds of workers out to attack anything that moves.
Any disturbances make that comparison more difficult.
Every disturbance results in extinctions.
Many disturbances remove only a part of the previous plant community.
Most disturbances affect environments.
Most disturbances affect functions.
Most disturbances affect productivity.
Most disturbances affect renal functions.
Most disturbances affect space environments.
Most disturbances affect values.
Most disturbances are caused by effects.
Most disturbances are caused by evolutionary forces.
Most disturbances are caused by forces.
Most disturbances can have effects.
Most disturbances can have negative effects.
Most disturbances cause displacement.
Most disturbances change conditions.
Most disturbances change drainage patterns.
Most disturbances create habitats.
Most disturbances create opportunity.
Most disturbances have effects.
Most disturbances increase activities.
Most disturbances lead to energy.
Most disturbances reduce availability.
Most disturbances reduce stability.
Most disturbances result in fluctuations.
Most disturbances take places.
Much disturbance is caused by grazing of cattle and traditional collection rights of the villagers.
Some disturbance features imply periglacial activity.
Some disturbances act essentially randomly within a landscape to produce disturbance patches.
Some disturbances affect behaviour.
Some disturbances affect development.
Some disturbances affect growth.
Some disturbances affect individuals.
Some disturbances affect many individuals.
Some disturbances affect population size.
Some disturbances affect sites.
Some disturbances affect size.
Some disturbances affect tide.
Some disturbances are caused by sound.
Some disturbances associate with alcohol intake.
Some disturbances associate with caffeine consumption.
Some disturbances associate with consumption.
Some disturbances associate with excessive alcohol intake.
Some disturbances associate with excessive intake.
Some disturbances associate with intake.
Some disturbances can have impact.
Some disturbances cause death.
Some disturbances cause mortality.
Some disturbances cause separation.
Some disturbances come from the supply network, while others are produced by the load itself.
Some disturbances encourage germination.
Some disturbances encourage seed germination.
Some disturbances generate roller coaster weather.
Some disturbances generate weather.
Some disturbances kill caterpillars.
Some disturbances kill monarch caterpillars.
Some disturbances lead to death.
Some disturbances lead to growth.
Some disturbances pose problems.
Some disturbances produce effects.
Some disturbances promote growth.
Some disturbances provide opportunity.
Some disturbances reduce ability.
Some disturbances reduce complexity.
Some disturbances reduce survival.
Some disturbances result in germination.
Some disturbances stimulate germination.
Some disturbances threaten survival.
Some disturbances use equipment.
Disturbed behaviors vary considerably in the same resident even on the same day b.
Disturbed customers say that competition is stifled and prices are being driven up.
Disturbed lands provide easy access for people into remote areas.
Disturbed sites are most vulnerable, but aggressive species can invade intact ecosystems.
Disturbing films can do one of two things for the viewer.
Disturbing images conjure up ideas and can paint a picture better than words.
Disturbing questions suggest themselves.
More disturbing questions arise when teachers at every level discount plagiarism in general.
Some disturbing questions remain.
Disturbing trends causing obesity include overeating and increasing physical inactivity.
Disturbing trends suggest a link to xenoestrogens.
Some disturbing trends are however emerging.
Some disturbing trends argue against a policy of benign neglect, however.
Disturbing undercurrents underlie the investigation almost from the start.
Disubstituted alkenes exhibit cis-trans isomerism.
Disunited leftists fail.
Disuse isa condition.
Dit document is alleen beschikbaar in het Engels.
Dit rapport is op verzoek in druk verkrijgbaar bij de auteurs.
A dit is a signal
Dits Get action entry details.
Dits Get parameter details.
Dits Get user data.
Dits Put a request.
Dits Put an action delay.
Dits Put user data.
Dits Receive a message.
A ditch is excavation
Ditch isa artifact.
Ditches adjoining cranberry bogs in Portage County contain excellent brook trout populations.
Ditches are excavated in rows with fixed spacing for broadcasting.
Ditches are full of hindsight.
Ditches are fun.
Ditches are the best way to carry water away from roads and to the water table.
Ditches are the trenches along the river, dangerous for their undertow and slippery banks.
Ditches are too wet to work in most places.
Ditches can play an important trapping and processing role.
Ditches especially can be dangerous if ice forms on the top and water is still flowing underneath.
Ditches have (part) sections.
Ditches pose special problems.
Ditches supply the endless ricefiels with water.
Ditchs are excavation.
Ditchs are waterways.
All ditches take their cargo further and further away from the road of life.
Some ditches add oil.
Some ditches contain water.
Some ditches fill with gravel.
Some ditches have side slopes.
Some ditches have slopes.
A dither is agitation
Dither can alter the image s appearance.
Dither can eliminate errors due to data quantization.
Dither Dithering is a process which allows many colors to be represented by a few.
Dither enables possibility to encode amplitudes smaller than the least significant bit.
Dither is an excellent example of the art form of studio production.
Dither moves the telescope according to a predetermined pattern.
Dithers are agitation.
Dithers are both a nightmare and a blessing.
Dithered files are therefore slower to load.
A ditto mark is a mark
Ditto marks appear down subsequent pages.
Ditto marks are fine.
A ditto is a mark
Ditto goes for album title searches.
Ditto goes for the skies.
Ditto grades one, two, and three.
Ditto has no hidden costs on any copy project.
Ditto is a black pommeranian.
Ditto is a visual search engine.
Ditto is a wonderful resource.
Ditto is about the height of an average human child.
Ditto is also fully bonded and insured.
Ditto is literally ditto, a substitute for repeating what was previously written or said.
Ditto is never far from civilization or people .
Ditto offers a driving range and a putting green.
Ditto then uses Vine Whip and knocks all of the leaves away.
Some dittoes follow horizontally, some vertically.
Ditties have (part) chapters.
Ditties have (part) paragraphs.
Ditties have (part) word order.
Ditty isa song.
A diuresis is a symptom
Diuresis is the production and passage of large amounts of urine.
Diuresis minimizes the renal sludging from high urinary loads of uric acid, xanthine, and phosphate.
Diuresis remains within the norm.
Diuresis typically occurs during the first few days of therapy.
Diuresises are symptoms.
Diuretic abuse is another method of purging.
Diuretic action is through stimulation of the glomerulus with little excretion of sodium.
Diuretic action occurs in the kidney.
Diuretic agents reduce the renal clearance of lithium and add a high risk of lithium toxicity.
Most diuretic agents promote an increase in sodium and fluid delivery to the distal tubule.
Diuretic medications cause decrease in total body potassium.
Diuretic therapy can also increase uric acid levels and cause a risk of a gout flare-up.
Diuretic use is an important cause of dehydration.
Diuretic use is suspected as a possible risk factor.
A diuretic is a drug
Diuretics act on the kidney to increase the flow of urine.
Diuretics act to decrease the volume of fluid and thus lower the pressure.
Diuretics also dilate the blood vessels.
Diuretics also increase potassium loss, so their combination with licorice is very dangerous.
Diuretics are a fluid-flushing agent with removes excess fluid in the body.
Diuretics are a group of medications often used to treat high blood pressure.
Diuretics are agents that promote the excretion of urine.
Diuretics are an effective symptomatic treatment for acute and chronic heart failure.
Diuretics are another thing to be careful of in pregnancy.
Diuretics are associated with attacks of gout .
Diuretics are associated with attacks of gout.
Diuretics are contraindicated due to their effect on electrolyte excretion.
Diuretics are detectable by laboratory analysis of a urine or blood sample.
Diuretics are drugs of first choice unless contraindication.
Diuretics are drugs that aid in the elimination of fluid by the kidney.
Diuretics are drugs that cause the kidneys to excrete excess amounts of water in the form of urine.
Diuretics are drugs that cause the kidneys to put out extra salt and water.
Diuretics are drugs that help the body eliminate water and relieve the feeling of bloating.
Diuretics are drugs.
Diuretics are generally unhelpful except in reducing concomitant venous dependent edema.
Diuretics are generally very safe.
Diuretics are inexpensive and have shown effective in the treatment of hypertension.
Diuretics are medications that cause loss of excess water.
Diuretics are medications that rid the body of extra fluid through increased urine output.
Diuretics are medicine.
Diuretics are of benefit when signs of volume overload are present.
Diuretics are often helpful to people on weight loss programs as fat tissue retains water.
Diuretics are the only reliable means of controlling fluid retention associated with heart failure.
Diuretics are the opposite of anti-diuretics.
Diuretics are therapeutic agents that increase the production of urine.
Diuretics are therefore inappropriate.
Diuretics are useful drugs and medicinal agents.
Diuretics are useful in treating congestive heart failure and high blood pressure.
Diuretics are very useful drugs and are very safe when used as prescribed.
Diuretics basically increase sodium resorption and lithium always follows sodium in the kidney.
Diuretics can also cause changes in blood minerals or electrolytes.
Diuretics can also cause changes in blood minerals.
Diuretics can also cause dehydration.
Diuretics can also increase urination.
Diuretics can be harmful to people with kidney dysfunctions, pregnant women and diabetics.
Diuretics can be important when the weight appears as edema or water gain.
Diuretics can cause a rash or itchy bumps on exposed areas.
Diuretics can cause a reflex increase in heart rate, however, which can aggravate cardiac ischemia.
Diuretics can cause changes in levels of other salts and substances in the blood.
Diuretics can cause dehydration and heart problems.
Diuretics can cause dehydration and salt imbalance .
Diuretics can cause low potassium levels, and in diabetics, high blood sugar levels.
Diuretics can cause salt imbalances and dehydration .
Diuretics can cause side effects.
Diuretics can help reduce the frequency of attacks in some patients.
Diuretics can increase the creatinine clearance.
Diuretics can limit cardiac output and affect heat tolerance and sweating.
Diuretics can produce low potassium, muscle cramps, impotence, etc.
Diuretics can reduce the formation of uric acid crystals.
Diuretics can throw off a person's acid-base balance.
Diuretics can upset the normal fluid and electrolyte balance, causing serious problems.
Diuretics can work outside the kidney.
Diuretics cause a decrease in blood volume in a patient.
Diuretics cause an increase in urine formation and elimination.
Diuretics cause our bodies to eliminate more water than they provide.
Diuretics clean out the system and assist in shedding water and the toxins in the system.
Diuretics come in different brands, and doctors prescribe different kinds for different people.
Diuretics come in many types, with different periods of effectiveness.
Diuretics compensate for the body's tendency to retain excess fluid.
Diuretics decrease the volume of blood the heart has to pump.
Diuretics decreases circulatory volume.
Diuretics deplete the body of potassium and magnesium.
Diuretics differ in their effects.
Diuretics enhance the efficacy of many other antihypertensive agents.
Diuretics force the kidneys to make more urine and to remove excess water and salt from the body.
Diuretics given alone or with other medications can cause side effects.
Diuretics have a direct effect in lowering filling pressures.
Diuretics have many bad long term side-effects.
Diuretics have the ability to take important minerals from the body along with the water.
Diuretics help eliminate excess water retention.
Diuretics help in the removal of excess fluid through increased urination.
Diuretics help reduce fluid buildup and decrease bloating.
Diuretics help the body eliminate excess salt and water.
Diuretics help the body excrete excess fluid.
Diuretics help the body excrete water and salts by promoting urination.
Diuretics help the body to rid itself of extra fluid and sodium.
Diuretics increase kidney function and thus the elimination of urine and excess fluids.
Diuretics increase the amount of urine passed, which causes the body to lose water and salt.
Diuretics increase the amount of urine that is secreted from the body .
Diuretics increase the amount of urine that is secreted from the body.
Diuretics increase the elimination of water, sodium and chloride from the body.
Diuretics increase the loss of salt and water through the kidneys.
Diuretics Increase the risk of potassium deficiency.
Diuretics increase urine output, decreasing blood volume and pressure.
Diuretics increase urine production and can make an athlete susceptible to dehydration.
Diuretics lower the body's fluid volume through increasing urination.
Diuretics make a person urinate more.
Diuretics offer a temporary solution at best.
Diuretics only offer a temporary solution at best.
Diuretics produce low potassium levels, muscle cramps and weakness.
Diuretics produce virtually no loss of calories, only loss of vital body fluids.
Diuretics reduce excess fluid Anti-arrhythmic drugs stabilize the heart rhythm.
Diuretics remove fluid from the body by making people urinate more.
Diuretics remove water from the person's body.
Diuretics stimulate the kidneys and help the body get rid of excess fluid, mainly water and sodium.
Diuretics work at different locations within the nephron.
Diuretics work on the kidneys to remove excess fluid and sodium from the blood.
Diuretics work to remove excess salts and water from the body in the form of urine.
Diuretics often wash too much potassium out of the body along with the water.
All diuretics work directly or indirectly on the kidney cells.
Many diuretics can cause potassium loss.
Many diuretics can deplete magnesium as well as potassium, as can laxatives and oral contraceptives.
Most diuretics alter renal function, causing an increase in the excretion of fluid.
Most diuretics cause the kidney to excrete potassium and sodium in the urine flow.
Most diuretics change the ratio of sodium to potassium in the blood.
Most diuretics increase the amount of calcium lost in urine.
Most diuretics increase urine output by blocking reabsorption of sodium and chloride.
Some diuretics are more likely to aggravate or cause impotence.
Some diuretics cause loss of potassium, calcium, and magnesium.
Some diuretics remove potassium needed for muscle strength.
Diurnal animals are active during the day.
Diurnal animals are animals.
Diurnal animals do it the other way around .
Diurnal animals do it the other way around.
Diurnal animals tend to be most active in morning and evening.
Some diurnal animals have degrees.
Diurnal birds have retinas dominated by cones while nocturnal birds have mostly rods.
Diurnal circles are like lines of constant latitude on the Earth.
Diurnal circles are parallel to the celestial equator.
Many diurnal ectotherms are pale to reflect sunlight and avoid overheating.
Some diurnal excretion exceeds excretion.
Some diurnal excretion exceeds nocturnal excretion.
Diurnal lemurs live in relatively permanent and cohesive social groups.
Diurnal lemurs seek sunlight, especially in the morning, and sunbathe.
Diurnal lizards are often very fast runners.
Some diurnal lizards absorb heat.
Some diurnal lizards have excellent eyesights.
Some diurnal lizards have eyesights.
Some diurnal lizards inhabit bushes.
Some diurnal lizards live in arid regions.
Some diurnal lizards live in regions.
Some diurnal mammals inhabit freshwater streams.
Some diurnal mammals inhabit streams.
Some diurnal mammals live on hills.
Some diurnal mammals live on rocky hills.
Diurnal monkeys weigh kgs.
Most diurnal monkeys weigh kgs.
Diurnal motion causes the position of objects to change throughout the day.
Diurnal motion is the daily motion of stars and other celestial bodies across the sky.
Diurnal motion refers to A. Apparent motion of heavenly objects due to the rotation of the earth.
Some diurnal patterns reflect behavior patterns.
Some diurnal patterns reflect patterns.
Diurnal predators feed on prey.
Most diurnal predators feed on prey.
Diurnal raptors are active during the night and sleep during the day.
Some diurnal raptors have concentration.
Diurnal reptiles live in cold temperate regions.
Diurnal reptiles live in regions.
Diurnal reptiles live in temperate regions.
Diurnal reptiles need light.
Most diurnal reptiles live in cold temperate regions.
Most diurnal reptiles live in regions.
Most diurnal reptiles live in temperate regions.
Diurnal rhythm returns to normal after elimination of portacaval shunting.
Diurnal snakes have pupils.
Most diurnal snakes have pupils.
Diurnal species are iridescent while nocturnal species are duller.
Diurnal species depend on daytime light intensity to accomplish foraging and hunting.
Most diurnal species are non-luminescent and use pheromones to find mates.
Diurnal tides are uncommon.
Diurnal time is simulated so there are night as well as day aspects to the tower.
Diurnal variation is variation
Diurnal variations appear to be altered when high clouds are present above low clouds.
Diurnal variations are greatest on clear days.
A diva is a singer
Diva does fall short of the ideal.
DIVA employs two full-time and seven contract coaches.
DIVA helps identify significant new entities from among thousands of compounds.
DIVA is a safe, inspirational program which is easy to learn and to schedule into a busy lifestyle.
DIVA provides hardware, software, back office and integration advice to cable companies.
Diva takes center stage.
Divas are female vocalists who have had a great impact on listeners through the years.
Divas are huge, huge presences.
Divas are located in operas.
Divas are strong.
Divas have huge, huge presences.
Divas have pasts.
Divas require a lot of adoration.
Divas sing, and rabbits celebrate the first day of every trimester.
Most divas engage in a fair amount of good-natured gossip.
Most divas suffer awful endings.
Divalent cations have higher hydration energies.
Divalent cations modulate NMDA receptor function at the glycine site.
Divalent cations protect against cadmium toxicity during biodegradation of naphthalene.
Divalent iron makes silicate minerals dark green or black.
Divalent materials are metals because the s and p bands overlap.
Divalent surfactants are important from a technical point of view.
Dive angle is a key parameter in determining the depths at which penguins invest foraging effort.
Dive beetles have legs.
Dive beetles range in length.
Most dive beetles have legs.
Most dive beetles range in length.
Some dive beetles eat tadpoles.
Some dive beetles have filament.
Dive bells provide a stable mid-water station for air,and communications.
Dive binaries are freely available for non-commercial use.
All Dive binaries require a kernel compiled with networking options.
Dive birds exhibit patterns.
Dive birds have bones.
Dive birds have solid bones.
Dive birds need areas.
Dive birds need large areas.
Most dive birds have bones.
Most dive birds have solid bones.
Dive boat charters to outside the Heads.
Dive boat departs daily.
Dive boat dock.
Dive boats are available for the day, and qualified instruction can be arranged.
Dive boats are available.
Dive boats are custom-designed with divers' needs in mind.
Dive boats leave from the hotel pier.
All dive boats depart from Fort Bay, location of the island's recompression chamber.
Most dive boats have a supply of cold water available with plenty of cups.
Dive buddies are crucial to the scuba diving experience.
Many dive centers are present selling hundreds of accessories.
Dive centres are in the old dockyard area.
Dive certification is recommended.
Dive certification is required for membership but certification courses are available.
Dive charters are also available locally.
Dive charters are available with or without instruction.
Dive Charters Offers sail boat and dive charters in the Bay Islands off the coast of Honduras.
Many dive charters provide access to the abundant sea-life of the surrounding area.
Dive classes are available.
Dive clubs have competitions on their club dives to see who get the biggest fish of the year.
Many dive clubs use the falls curtain as a place to train people in current dives.
Dive computers are a great aid.
Dive computers are dynamic dive tables.
Dive computers are tools to assist in the planning and execution of dives.
Dive computers gather data, make calculations and display the results to the diver.
Dive computers provide an alternate method for planning repetitive dives.
Every dive cruise offers two to three daily immersions.
Dive day Stay away from unusual foods.
Dive destinations are subject to sea and weather conditions.
Dive ducks eat fish.
Dive ducks feed on aquatic plants.
Dive ducks feed on plants.
Dive ducks have ability.
Dive ducks have strong ability.
Most dive ducks eat fish.
Most dive ducks feed on aquatic plants.
Most dive ducks feed on plants.
Most dive ducks have ability.
Most dive ducks have strong ability.
Dive equipment is expensive and gets stolen quite frequently.
All dive equipment is provided.
Dive excursions are also available.
Dive excursions are available through local dive shops.
Most dive facilities rent snorkel equipment.
Dive fins are much larger than regular swim fins.
Dive gear is available for rent.
Dive gear is needed to establish the orifice.
Dive gear is readily available and more convenient to hire here.
Dive gear is readily available for rent in the islands.
Dive gear is set up on the edge of the dive deck and ready to be strapped on.
Dive gear is supiled.
All dive gear is available for hire on board.
All dive gear is provided.
Dive groups are welcome.
Dive guides are available for hire by prior arrangement.
Dive instruction is a great career.
Dive instruction is additional.
Dive insurance is recommended.
Dive job's for scuba diving instructors and diving facilities.
Dive kayaks are the ultimate one-man dive boats.
Dive lights are available for hire.
Dive lights are available.
Dive locations are easily accessible both to the north and south of the island.
Dive lockers are available for individual equipment storage.
Dive manufactures hold equipment trials from time to time during the season.
Dive masters plan and accompany all scheduled dives.
Most dive masters go on to a working internship, to polish their skills.
Dive operators are numerous and safety standards are strict.
Dive operators take a group of people to a designated dive location.
Many dive operators take divers and snorkelers on the same trip.
Most dive operators are independent, and boats depart from any one of the many local harbors.
Most dive operators have several packages to choose from.
Most dive operators offer courses ranging from the most basic to the most advanced.
Some dive operators carry only divers , some only snorkelers , some both.
Dive packs are for qualified divers only.
Dive package is six consecutive days of diving.
Dive packages are also available.
Dive packages are available at an additional cost.
Dive packages are available at most resorts.
Dive packages are available to the main reef and atolls.
Dive packages are available.
Dive packages are non transferable and non refundable.
All dive packages includes full gear.
Dive pass is nonrefundable and nontransferable.
Dive patterns appear less complex with predominantly shallow, short dives.
Dive penetration is forbidden.
Dive planes are totally useless unless the sub has enough forward speed to create the force.
Dive reservations are now open.
Dive rings continue to be a safe alternative in water play.
Dive schools organise daily dive boat trips to sites around the islands throughout the year.
Dive seeds contain essential nutrients.
Most dive seeds contain essential nutrients.
Dive shop includes sales, service, rentals.
Dive shops abound with gear rentals, dive trips, lessons and certification.
Dive shops are located just a few miles away in West End and buses are a breeze to catch.
Dive shops are very close.
Dive shops arrange tours and travel agents offer package deals.
Dive shops carry soap products specifically made for salt water.
Dive shops deplore the discount houses.
Dive shops offer diving instruction throughout most days.
Dive shops offering scuba courses are everywhere.
Dive Shops Use the links below to interact with the catalog.
Many dive shops have adapters for charging lights, strobes or delicate equipment.
Many dive shops have adapters for charging sensitive photo gear.
Many dive shops offer attractive scuba dive packages.
Many dive shops offer dive packages for beginners and professionals.
Many dive shops offer local diving outings and group travel abroad.
Most dive shops ask for a small donation with each tank fill which goes toward funding the chamber.
Most dive shops carry a decent selection of wetsuits for women.
Most dive shops encourage the use of computers and most experienced divers have their own.
Most dive shops offer courtesy transportation.
Most dive shops offer day and night dives, equipment rentals and lessons.
Most dive shops provide certified instructors and course programs.
Most dive shops provide dive instruction.
Some dive shops have seasonal drysuit rental.
Dive site is a granite pinnacle full of surprises.
Dive sites abound here, as the entire area is studded with patches of coral and sand.
Dive sites abound.
Dive sites are a short boat ride from the dock or a quick drive down the island s lone highway.
Dive sites are a short distance from the resorts.
Dive sites are as close as a few miles away.
Dive sites are numerous and visibility is normally very good.
Dive sites are varied and therefore suited to the demands of varying courses.
Dive Sites Finding dive sites around the state is easy.
Dive sites range from vertical walls, offshore pinnacles, World War II wrecks to muck diving.
All dive sites are conditional upon weather, wind and currents.
All dive sites are within two hours cruising of anchorage's.
Many dive sites are within five hours driving of the metroplex.
Many dive sites offer a range dives from beginning to experienced.
Most dive sites are easily accessible from the coast.
Most dive sites are fairly easy diving with little or no current.
Most dive sites are in the lee and rough seas are rare.
Most dive sites are within five minutes by boat from the hotel.
Most dive sites offer excellent opportunities for all types of diving and snorkeling.
Some dive sites have greater chance of large pelagics.
Dive stores stock a wide range of equipment, which can also be hired easily.
Many dive stores offer equipment rental and support facilities.
Most dive stores are profit orientated with hobbie type attitudes which hurt the industry in Texas.
Dive stories are also good to receive, and exchange.
Dive supervisors go over details of each dive.
All dive tables set maximum ascent rates for divers which is actually a decompression procedure.
Dive teams meet there to prepare and pack their diving equipment before a field diving excursion.
Dive time is therefore longer, further enhancing the diving experience.
Dive tourism is often a primary source of employment and foreign exchange in coral reef areas.
Dive Travel accepts articles and photographs about diving destinations worldwide.
Dive travelers are most at risk from three sources.
Dive trips are also available and the schedule is on the Dive trip Calendar.
All dive trips allow for adequate surface intervals allowing for lunch, snorkeling, and relaxing.
All dive trips allow for an adequate surface intervals allowing for lunch, snorkeling, and relaxing.
All dive trips are subject to change based on weather conditions and availability.
Dive units turn in the old chambers in exchange for a rebuilt chamber.
Some dive watches have barometers built in.
A dive is a nightclub
Dive includes weight belt, weights, and one cylinder.
Dive is a sportswear manufacturer attempting to break into the national and international market.
Dives  jumps.
Dives  speed.
Dives are a combination of land and boat dives.
Dives are deep and decompression.
Dives are deeper and more frequent in daylight.
Dives are deeper here to get to the better sections.
Dives are descents.
Dives are drift dives or at anchor on moorings.
Dives are for previous certified divers.
Dives are generally dark and there can be currents on the wreck.
Dives are motivated by the goal of fun.
Dives are motivated by the goal of swims.
Dives are on Fridays.
Dives are rivers.
Dives are shallow and easy with very little current.
Dives are singles.
Dives are swimming.
Dives become harder as the number of people increases.
Dives consist of rocky slopes, coral gardens and huge rock pinnacles.
Dives end with swims.
Dives last up to a minute.
Dives range from beginner to advanced, and some sites can be accessed from shore.
Dives start with jumps.
Dives used for scuba diving are relatively simplistic.
All dives are at the divemasters discretion.
All dives are before lunch.
All dives are boat dives with tanks, weight belts and certified divemaster included.
All dives are boat dives, only a short distance outside the lagoon.
All dives are boat dives.
All dives are by boat, there is no shore diving available.
All dives are custom planned by our dive instructors to accommodate various skill levels.
All dives are drift dives with the dive master holding a float and the boat following the float.
All dives are driftdives, with boats following the divers.
All dives are guided boat dives and include tanks and weights.
All dives are limited to small, friendly groups.
All dives are no decompression dives.
All dives are noat dives.
All dives are no-decompression dives.
All dives are subject to weather conditions and space availability on each dive.
All dives are wall dives and are usually drift dives.
All dives require prior booking with a deposit.
All dives vary in skill level and in some cases advanced or specialty training is a requirement.
Every dive includes a guided tour, refreshments, and free hotel shuttle.
Every dive is a good dive.
Every dive is a great opportunity for new experiences.
Every dive is different.
Every dive offers a new and unique experience.
Every dive requires an appropriate set of tools.
Many dives are around rocks that have become encrusted with sponges and coral.
Most dives are drift dives due to strong currents in the area.
Most dives are drift dives.
Most dives are on the stern of the vessel, which is relatively intact.
Most dives are similar in general outline.
Most dives start off with tooling around on the reef, where dozing whitetip sharks are common.
Some dives are deeper.
Some dives are Open Water or Advanced, some are technical and some are mixed.
Some dives have heavy strong currents and most have mild currents.
Some dives have significant surges and currents and significantly reduced underwater visibility.
A diver is an explorer
Diver isa explorer.
Divers adjust micromanipulator used to sample close to coral heads.
Divers also act as fish attractors due to their color and shape.
Divers also can go on shore or out on boat dives.
Divers also encounter floating trash on their way to and from dive sites.
Divers also find it useful for finding out what's for lunch.
Divers also hope to recover the captain's log, which recorded the ship's movements up until the end.
Divers also kill a great number is sea urchins every year to feed other creatures.
Divers also lose moisture from their bodies while breathing from aqualungs.
Divers also report seeing a few jellyfish in the water.
Divers also sign a waiver of liability and express assumption of risk clause.
Divers also suffer from the increasing amounts of rubbish both above and below the low water mark.
Divers also take two big tool boxes into the water.
Divers also use skill progressions to learn more difficult dives.
Divers also use snorkeling equipment.
Divers also visit our reefs for nature observation, photography, and catching lobsters.
Divers animals long-lived without food.
Divers appreciate being able to drive to the air filling station, no carrying of heavy tanks.
Divers are a diverse group who consider themselves conservationists.
Divers are a little later.
Divers are a privileged minority who know the glory of the undersea world.
Divers are able to collect rock cores from vertical walls on a coral reef.
Divers are able to dive around the full circumference of the reef with a single tank.
Divers are able to enter the cage through a zipper in the mesh.
Divers are able to maintain their livelihood.
Divers are able to see schools of fish, shark, and giant manta rays.
Divers are able to wear their booties and even go cross-country when the situation calls for it.
Divers are acutely aware of their breathing.
Divers are also welcome.
Divers are athletes.
Divers are basically free to dive their own profiles.
Divers are ducks that swim and dive in deeper waters.
Divers are encouraged to treat coral reefs with care and respect.
Divers are enroute to perform a damage assessment.
Divers are especially protective of their food sources.
Divers are explorers.
Divers are in constant communication with their boat via high tech diver to ship communications.
Divers are in the water.
Divers are in three sizes, seven colors, and three depths.
Divers are likely to be more restricted.
Divers are likely to visit in great numbers in coming years.
Divers are located in oceans.
Divers are located in water.
Divers are never disappointed.
Divers are now able to paddle out to a wider variety of dive sites.
Divers are particularly prone to brushing against hydroids.
Divers are primitive water birds usually known in the USA as loons.
Divers are ready to join the recovery, as well.
Divers are responsible for all equipment, including tanks and weights.
Divers are responsible to have their own equipment.
Divers are some of the first people to notice a change in the marine environment.
Divers are swimmers.
Divers are the big draw here though.
Divers are very active in the weight room, tumbling and on the boards.
Divers are very welcome and supported in many ways.
Divers are welcome and the people are friendly, making for a totally stress free atmosphere.
Divers are welcome to hire tanks and gear to enjoy independent diving.
Divers are well catered for with dive facilities on the islands and specialised dive boats.
Divers are workers.
Divers arrive from all over the Midwest, many finishing their certification here.
Divers ballades and shorter poems.
Divers breathe a mixture of oxygen and helium to avoid getting the bends.
Divers breathe compressed air mixed with light, inert gases, such as helium.
Divers can also begin to condition themselves prior to dives by cooling down in advance.
Divers can also explore the preserved reefs of the Underwater Park.
Divers can also find brass spikes on the wreck, but most require a good amount of work to remove.
Divers can also find wrecks by asking other divers.
Divers can also undertake sections of the course separately.
Divers can approach even the timid bird wrasse.
Divers can avoid becoming lost by tying a rope outside the ship and letting it out as they enter.
Divers can be the difference between a healthy reef and a tragedy.
Divers can choose an exponential loss model or a modified linear model.
Divers can choose sites and work with their dive master in planning the dive.
Divers can contact and one of the three member stores for more information.
Divers can cover a lot of territory in the current.
Divers can develop a condition called avascular necrosis, which affects bones.
Divers can dive more and spend less, since tank refills are a third of the cost of a boat dive.
Divers can expect to find scattered pieces of the hull, timbers and other small structural remains.
Divers can expect to have close encounters with schools of rock bass and other colorful gamefish.
Divers can experience shipwrecks of old scattered on Lake Erie's floor.
Divers can explore county-maintained sunken barges and artificial reefs.
Divers can explore other nearby wrecks which are also bouyed.
Divers can explore shipwrecks and travel through underwater canyons.
Divers can explore the flat rock face inch by inch in the calm water.
Divers can explore the reef system and are likely to see angelfish, barracudas, and octopus.
Divers can explore the rich marine life in a protected underwater reserve here.
Divers can find artifacts such as bullets, portholes, cage lamps, china and brass valves.
Divers can follow the long columns of seaweed and light into the depths.
Divers can have their Bloody Bay Wall and their Russian destroyer.
Divers can help by being an early detection system for reef and ocean life damage.
Divers can help protect the environment in many ways.
Divers can hitch rides on their backs since they are extremely docile and eat plankton.
Divers can immediately change any part of their dive plan and instantly recalculate their profile.
Divers can learn to identify fish, explore wrecks, and so much more about a whole new world.
Divers can penetrate fairly easily into many of the towers interior rooms.
Divers can perform two dives along the coral reef of the island.
Divers can plumb pristine reefs that have been called some of the Caribbean's best.
Divers can recognize some old timbers by their ax-cut ends.
Divers can record their dive profile information on the back of the table as well.
Divers can remove plants around docks and in other difficult to reach areas.
Divers can rent all other equipment or bring their own.
Divers can rinse off with two freshwater showers on the dive deck.
Divers can sign up for group trips offered throughout the year.
Divers can swim in and out of the pilothouse and crew's quarters with relative ease.
Divers can swim through most of the wreck.
Divers can swim through tunnels that connect huge coral spur formations.
Divers can swim with whales, dugongs, manta rays, huge cod or sharks.
Divers can then return to the lagoon along the wall which is alive with color and texture.
Divers can try hunting for lobster just after a heavy storm.
Divers can use less air while exploring the ocean bottom.
Divers can view various marine creatures, such as colorful tropical fish and coral reefs.
Divers can visit a large portion of the steamer's hull framing.
Divers can visit the empty streets and foundations of former homes.
Divers can wear ear plugs.
Divers can work in shallow water to obtain cores into sediments and rocks.
Divers carry altimeters to help gauge the proper parachute release point.
Divers carry torches at night.
Divers catch some of our animals using hand nets or plastic bags.
Divers catch some of the animals using hand nets or plastic bags.
Divers cause splashs.
Divers check the pen's moorings and nets almost daily.
Divers clear their ears by several methods.
Divers collect shallow sediment cores to track coastal erosion processes.
Divers come in a few varieties but they all work similarly.
Divers come to see the manta rays, turtles, sharks, corals and fish.
Divers come to surfaces.
Divers commonly dive out of boats , kayaks , tube floats or directly off the shore .
Divers commonly dive out of boats, kayaks, tube floats or directly off the shore.
Divers commute from all over the island to see the lush corals and fishes present around the island.
Divers compare the sensation to floating on air.
Divers consume diets.
Divers continue their drift encircling and weaving between the dramatic peaks.
Divers continue to expose as much of the wreck as possible.
Divers continue to search for milfoil in the shallow waters around the lake shore every summer.
Divers continue to search for the coffin.
Divers continue with one dive before lunch and one after, fitting in other activities in-between.
Divers currently have plenty of choice when it comes to buying a boat.
Divers decompressing on delayed SMBs can disperse over a large area.
Divers delight crowds by hand-feeding the many fish as lemon and tiger sharks swim nearby.
Divers demonstrate the latest in wetsuit and air tank technology.
Divers Den .
Divers descend on weighted ropes, equipped only with nose-clips, knives, and collecting bags.
Divers descend to random locations to start photography.
Divers describe it as flying through space.
Divers describe it as one of the most beautiful in the world.
Divers discover a whole new world underwater including a shipwreck.
Divers discover remarkable stalactites and stalagmites.
Divers do it deep.
Divers do it deeper.
Divers do it underwater.
Divers drop down the buoy anchor chain one at a time.
Divers drop smelts, squid, or shelled clams in front of each animal, which slurps the treat whole.
Divers earn premium pay for performing hazardous work.
Divers emerge beneath a canopy of plate coral patrolled by Spanish hogfish and stoplight parrotfish.
Divers encounter an alien life-form while searching for a sunken nuclear submarine.
Divers encounter fish.
Divers enjoy the diving well with four diving boards and five platforms.
Divers enjoy unparalleled wreck, wall, reef, passage and pinnacle diving.
Divers enter tanks.
Divers enter the tank five times a day to feed the marine life in the exhibit.
Divers enter the tank five times daily.
Divers enter the water by a walk-in entry or a giant stride entry from a dock.
Divers expect to find more victims drowned in their vehicles as they enter the car decks.
Divers explore regions.
Divers explore the sunken ship, As schools of fish swim by with ease.
Divers explore western regions.
Divers face an array of unique health hazards.
Divers face specific physical and health risks when they go underwater with scuba equipment .
Divers face the constant threat of having the lines severed by sharp fragments of debris.
Divers feed rays underwater, and offer narrations above water daily.
Divers find diverse artifacts, including china, brass fittings, and portholes.
Divers find out how slowly to come up by using decompression tables or a dive computer .
Divers find out how slowly to come up by using decompression tables or a dive computer.
Divers find plenty to keep themselves busy here.
Divers find sea urchins.
Divers find urchins.
Divers follow along the top drifting with a mild current.
Divers Follow the advice for swimmers.
Divers gear up in dry suits to install equipment on the sea floor.
Divers get a once in a lifetime thrill, and the sharks get an easy meal.
Divers get a once in a lifetime thrill, and the sharks get an easy snack.
Divers get preferential bookings and treatment.
Divers get ready to set out on their underwater expedition.
Divers get to the reef in an underwater scooter.
Divers give daily presentations to the public about the animals for which they care.
Divers go down to the reef and cut pieces off.
Divers go into and come out of one of the many turns as they race trough the streets of Monaco.
Divers hang from drop lines while the sharks circle feeding on scraps thrown in by topside personel.
Divers have (part) arms.
Divers have (part) body substances.
Divers have (part) cell membranes.
Divers have (part) cells.
Divers have (part) corpi.
Divers have (part) cytoplasm.
Divers have (part) heads.
Divers have (part) human bodies.
Divers have (part) legs.
Divers have (part) material bodies.
Divers have (part) necks.
Divers have (part) nuclei.
Divers have (part) personality.
Divers have (part) plasma membranes.
Divers have (part) sections.
Divers have (part) vacuoles.
Divers have a choice of two boards.
Divers have a different air than most people and come by smiles very easily.
Divers have a unique perspective on the sanctuary.
Divers have a vital role to play.
Divers have access to all areas of the tug.
Divers have better chances of finding prehistoric material in and around areas with high relief.
Divers have easy access to some portions of the interior of the vessel through open hatches.
Divers have the option of diving through a local dive store or charter business, or as individuals.
Divers have the option of two or four practices a week, of one and one half or two hours each.
Divers have to clear away sand from the fore and aft of the sub to make way for the suction pilings.
Divers have to come up every so often.
Divers have to wait until the tide is right.
Divers here know that when they see that behavior it's time to move away.
Divers here say there are more fish per cubic metre than any other place in the world.
Divers hold breaths.
Divers hold on to a weighted, rope-guided sled.
Divers install a mooring buoy in Florida.
Divers interacting with sea life make some of the best scuba pictures.
Divers jump from wooden scaffolds with vines tied to their ankles.
Divers know sharks.
Divers limiting the time and depth of their dives can avoid nitrogen narcosis.
Divers love it, as do birders.
Divers love to talk about their sport.
Divers marvel as they swim through acres of living coral.
Divers move forward by checking the glowing digital readouts on their depth gauges.
Divers need bones.
Divers need dense bones.
Divers never hold their breath, but inhale and exhale a normal breath steadily.
Divers now have a chance to participate in real conservation in an extraordinary region.
Divers occasionally see scalloped hammerheads swimming over the reefs or along the walls.
Divers only have to worry about having fun.
Divers overestimate their abilities, going too deeply into a wreck, for example.
Divers pass tests.
Divers pay the admission fees as part of the standard dive operators' check-in procedure.
Divers perform thrilling shark feedings, and hand-feed the inhabitants of a reef aquarium.
Divers place a heavy plastic tarp over the seaweed patch.
Divers plan to bring substantial fragments of the rock to the surface.
Divers plan to search the area again today.
Divers planning shallow dives require an experienced local guide if they are to find the best areas.
Divers ponder whether a given underwater area is accessible by scuba.
Divers practice skills.
Divers prepare to compete in local and national level meets.
Divers prepare to enter the tank.
Divers quickly enter the water from the rear or a backward roll from either side.
Divers quickly learn where and what habitats are used by specific species.
Divers receive training in identifying fish species and observation techniques.
Divers receive two boat dives per day.
Divers recover buried riches from the sunken Spanish galleon in the Gulf of Mexico.
Divers recover teen's body.
Divers regularly record sightings of large pelagics and other interesting species.
Divers rely on the momentum of their fall to pursue their prey below the surface of the water.
Divers report currents running in opposite directions as they descend the water column.
Divers report large schools during breeding season.
Divers require much more disinfection than ROVs.
Divers respond to water rescues, submerged vehicles and aircraft, evidence recovery and drownings.
Divers return back to the resort for lunch.
Divers return to surfaces.
Divers return to the river bed.
Divers risk life.
Divers say they invariably retreat into deeper water.
Divers search limpid pools.
Divers secure semi-submersible barge after releasing submersible.
Divers see shells.
Divers seek lobsters and sea cucumbers.
Divers share the water with an immense variety of marine life.
Divers share the water with an inmense variety of marine life.
Divers slowly emerge from the depth of sleep.
Divers sorts of Basilisks.
Divers sorts of generation in divers creatures.
Divers sorts of taranlulai, being a monstrous spider with lark-like clawes, and somewhat bigger.
Divers stand on the stern deck near the starboard tank racks.
Divers still search for old wrecks there.
Divers supply their own mask, fins, and snorkel.
Divers take breaths.
Divers take deep breaths.
Divers take note . . .
Divers take samples on the ocean floor and record the quantity of species.
Divers thirst is a dive for the experienced drift diver and is fifty to sixty feet.
Divers touch eyes.
Divers transport benthic chamber used to measure productivity and respiration.
Divers use a quadrat to quantify cover of reef benthic organisms.
Divers use a snorkel to conserve energy and air while on the surface.
Divers use a suction sampler to collect animals living in the sand.
Divers use a two person diver propulsion vehicle.
Divers use air.
Divers use air-filled parachutes to lift monument from the seabed.
Divers use balloons to lift heavy things from the bottom.
Divers use breaths.
Divers use decompression tables and computers to determinate how they can safely ascend.
Divers use feet.
Divers use hand rakes and mesh bags to commercially harvest their spiny catch.
Divers use muscles.
Divers use self-contained underwater breathing apparatus or scuba gear.
Divers use single breaths.
Divers walk along the bottom looking for geoduck shows.
Divers want experience.
Divers want ultimate experience.
Divers wanting to sale, trade, buy anything from standard scuba equipment, to rare collectablies.
Divers wear crazy outfits and tell jokes over the speaker system.
Divers wear for shark protection.
Divers wear lead weights on strong webbed belts to adjust their buoyancy.
Divers wear suits.
Divers wear wet suits.
Divers wearing exposure suits are more likely to benefit from the heat generation of exercise.
Divers work at depth.
Divers work from boats, docks and shorelines and are outside year round when work is available.
Divers work in a closed dry suit with diver to diver and diver to shore communications.
Divers worldwide look for the same things when they go diving.
Divers frequently encounter groups of two to six rays in a single formation.
Divers often confuse flatworms and nudibranchs.
Divers often describe less fatigue after diving also.
Divers often find anchors and fishing gear.
Divers often find full, but undrinkable, bottles of whisky under sand patches.
Divers often find octopuses by locating the litter of shells that line the entrance to their dens.
Divers often have to move from area to area to find steady work.
Divers often mistake fire coral for seaweed, and accidental contact is very common.
Divers sometimes entangle their gear in reefs.
Divers usually find dead bodies of drowned fishermen and hikers right here.
Divers usually wear drysuits in Alaska.
All divers are chattell goods.
All divers are responsible for verifying their eligibility if challenged.
All divers meet at the marina.
All divers require an alternative air source, safety sausage and air horn.
All divers require prior booking with a deposit.
All divers welcome.
Any diver can call any dive, at any time, for any reason with no fear of retribution.
Every diver has a different shape.
Every diver has a preference.
Every diver has different thermal needs.
Every diver has to be able to be independant and self-reliant.
Every diver is an individual and requires individual attention during their development.
Every diver is responsible for the well-being of the reef.
Every diver knows that the ascent rate from the bottom to the surface has to be slow.
Every diver wants to share the experience and magic of a liveaboard diving holiday.
Many divers actually lose more heat between dives than when in the water.
Many divers also make it a point to schedule a night dive when the stingrays come out to play.
Many divers also spear the larger fish.
Many divers are obese.
Many divers become enamored with collecting shelled mollusks.
Many divers bring sleeping bags, especially for multi day trips.
Many divers can use the array of beacons at the same time with no loss in update rate or accuracy.
Many divers find that artificial reefs are an exciting and enchanting place to dive.
Many divers join dive shop tours for one day or overnight weekend diving.
Many divers learn only the basics of diving while on holiday.
Many divers mistakenly believe EANx is used only on deep dives.
Many divers prefer taking their own boats on scuba excursions.
Many divers rely on their coaches to help keep their composure during the meet.
Many divers take their Open water certifications and Advance certifications from the islands here.
Many divers travel abroad to dive on coral reefs which are one of nature's wonders.
Many divers work on their cameras on a large dining table, on the top deck.
More divers plan to practice today.
Most divers actually enjoy companionship in and out of the water.
Most divers are comfortable in a shorty or a farmer john.
Most divers can drop two pounds or so.
Most divers can see all they want by cruising around the outside of it.
Most divers come to surfaces.
Most divers consume diets.
Most divers dive a very safe profile anyway.
Most divers enter tanks.
Most divers explore regions.
Most divers explore western regions.
Most divers find sea urchins.
Most divers find urchins.
Most divers go to the beach at the state park.
Most divers hold breaths.
Most divers know sharks.
Most divers like to have an idea of the sites before they visit.
Most divers make minimal use of their muscles except when they fight a fish or free an anchor.
Most divers now use BCs with soft backpacks simply because they take up less room in the travel bag.
Most divers pass tests.
Most divers purchase their own regulators and weights and, some, even bottles.
Most divers return to surfaces.
Most divers see nothing special here.
Most divers see shells.
Most divers share a love of the outdoors and the oceans.
Most divers start by scoping out likely dumpsters.
Most divers take a four-minute boat ride out into the bay and dive from there.
Most divers take breaths.
Most divers take deep breaths.
Most divers use a steel backplate and harness configuration to mount the manifolded cylinders on.
Most divers use air.
Most divers use breaths.
Most divers use feet.
Most divers use muscles.
Most divers use single breaths.
Most divers use some kind of grabber stick.
Most divers wear suits.
Most divers wear wet suits.
Most divers willfully ignore the fact that even their peaceful uses are destructive.
Most divers work at depth.
Some divers also feel vertigo from the unusual pressure on their balance mechanism.
Some divers are trained to endure such extremes during diving.
Some divers brave the cold in wet suits but most choose the relative warmth of dry suits.
Some divers build homes.
Some divers call it ear squeeze.
Some divers carry fish.
Some divers catch lobsters.
Some divers collect samples.
Some divers collect sponges.
Some divers come to sports.
Some divers consume breathe gases.
Some divers consume gases.
Some divers die in accidents.
Some divers do photography.
Some divers encounter lobsters.
Some divers encounter oysters.
Some divers encounter turtles.
Some divers enjoy freedom.
Some divers exhibit an allergy to wetsuits, or the materials used in their construction.
Some divers find cases.
Some divers find rays.
Some divers find shark rays.
Some divers follow cuttlefishs.
Some divers get attacks.
Some divers get shark attacks.
Some divers go down deep and some are built to go a certain depth.
Some divers have computers.
Some divers have problems.
Some divers have spears.
Some divers help lobsters.
Some divers help turtles.
Some divers inspect ships, plant outflows, pipelines, sluice gates, and so on.
Some divers kick from the knees and there is very little movement at the hip.
Some divers leave chambers.
Some divers leave roots.
Some divers live between misery and poetry.
Some divers lose life.
Some divers possess oysters.
Some divers prefer to dive dry.
Some divers prefer to just hold hands.
Some divers prefer to pay each day rather than risk missing the boat and losing the price of a trip.
Some divers prefer to read a good book after a long day of diving.
Some divers say the larger boats can get crowded.
Some divers see attacks.
Some divers shave the extreme upper part of the moustache.
Some divers start off young by being introduced to various marine life.
Some divers suffer from bite wounds.
Some divers suffer from problems.
Some divers suffer from wounds.
Some divers think night-diving is exciting.
Some divers touch urchins.
Some divers use helium.
Some divers use scuba gear for short trips beneath the surface.
Some divers use spears.
Some divers watch dolphins.
Some divers work for brigades.
Some divers work for fire brigades.
Divergence test implies divergence.
Divergence above is associated with convergence below and an increase in cyclonic vorticity.
Divergence aloft initiates upward air movement, reduced surface pressure, and cyclonic flow.
Divergence aloft tends to be associated with surface low pressure area development.
Divergence bounds on key equivocation and error probability in cryptanalysis.
Divergence can also develop within a continent, resulting in a rift valley.
Divergence can be bullish or bearish, depending on the relative directions of the price and studies.
Divergence can be bullish or bearish.
Divergence can then occur.
Divergence is a conflict between momentum and price.
Divergence is a normal state of affairs.
Divergence is a property of fluids including the atmosphere.
Divergence is already apparent.
Divergence is inevitable, at least after a time.
Divergence is lateral spreading air parcels.
Divergence is much more common than convergence.
Divergence is one of the few tools that generates effective signals when trends weaken.
Divergence is recognized by means of a difference matching procedure.
Divergence is separation
Divergence is separation.
Divergence is serieses.
Divergence is shown by the color of the wind vector.
Divergence is the opposite situation to convergence, the moving away of elements from a common area.
Divergence is the spice of the web.
Divergence means one cause, many effects.
Divergence normally occurs to the east of a trough in the upper troposphere.
Divergence occurs in the same place.
Divergence refers to the fact that one stimulus can affect many responses.
Divergence removes air molecules from our column of air, thus dropping the pressure at the surface.
Divergence seems most likely due to a founding event where a large group separated.
Divergence tends to occur on the eastern side of upper air troughs.
Divergence traces back to speication events that produced species.
Divergences are measured as absolute number of uncorrected differences.
Divergences can serve as a warning that the trend is about to change or set up a buy or sell signal.
Divergences can signify turning points in the market.
Divergences can take many forms and varying degrees.
Divergences normally resolve within six months of the evidence of the condition.
Divergence usually requires price to be moving into a strongly overbought or oversold region.
Any divergence is probably a bug in the spec.
Every divergence is entertaining or enlightening.
Most divergences are on the syntactical level.
Some divergence is inevitable.
Divergent boundaries are places where plates pull apart.
Divergent boundaries are responsible in part for driving the motion of the plates.
Divergent boundaries cause mid oceanic ridges.
Divergent boundaries occur between two plates moving away from each other.
Divergent Crystals radiate from a center without producing stellar forms.
Divergent elements tangle often within the same song.
Divergent evolution is evident in the variation between internal and external shells.
Divergent evolution produces homologous structures.
Divergent groups continue to fight for their rules of interpretation.
Divergent motion means that the plate are moving apart from one another.
Divergent movement occurs when the plates pull apart and move away from each other.
Divergent natural selections play roles.
Divergent opinions act as barriers, but love can conquer where argument fails.
Divergent opinions are welcome.
Any divergent opinion is regarded as simple heresy.
Divergent parallels veer away from each other on either side of their common perpendicular.
Divergent passions come up in even a small community.
Divergent people forge a common destiny, a viable region in the new world economy, by talking.
Divergent plates are also the cause of contintal rifts.
Divergent questions have many correct answers or even unknown answers.
Divergent questions require creative, imaginative, or inventive responses.
Divergent questions require students to process information creatively.
Divergent recommendations exist regarding the evaluation of adrenal incidentalomas.
Divergent regions account for functional differences or are neutral.
All divergent religions are alternate paths to the same reality.
Divergent selection drives the adaptive radiation of crossbills.
Divergent selections play roles.
Most divergent selections play roles.
Some divergent selections drive radiation.
More divergent sequences make the alignments more informative but also less robust and reliable.
Divergent skills involve generating large number of ideas.
Divergent species are closely related but possess different behaviors in differing environment.
A divergent thinker is a thinker
Divergent thinkers are thinkers.
Divergent thinkers are welcome.
Divergent thinkers feel frustration in situations where the operative word is mundane.
Divergent thinkers hold to their free-thinking outlook on life.
Divergent views continue to exist as regards the level of control of collecting societies.
Divergent views extend to every part of the program and the statutes that enable it.
Divergent views make our public debate healthier and our Nation stronger.
Divers hand feed the fish several times a day.
Diverse acts require an incredibly flexible lighting system.
Diverse activities help kids.
Most diverse activities help kids.
Diverse advertisements open the show to a diverse audience.
Diverse agencies have different funding sources and philosophies.
Diverse applications are highly encouraged.
Diverse applications continue to evolve from our very broad core technologies .
Diverse approaches improve development.
Diverse approaches make for more creative and effective problem-solving.
Most diverse approaches improve development.
Many diverse attractions are accessible from the Matterhorn Lodge.
Diverse backgrounds are a strength.
Diverse backgrounds welcome.
Diverse campus encourages interaction between students from around the world.
Diverse candidates are in demand.
Diverse capabilities allow a wide range of options and potential solutions.
Diverse carotenoids protect against chemically induced neoplactic transformation.
Diverse chemicals can impair functioning of the immune system.
Some diverse chemicals find in plants.
Diverse children enrich our schools and our understanding of education in general.
Diverse collaborations are possible in Boston's rich research environment.
Diverse communities adapt to environments.
Diverse communities adapt to harsh environments.
Diverse communities are healthy communities.
Diverse communities are what makes London exciting and cosmopolitan.
Diverse communities occupy environments.
Diverse communities occupy unique environments.
Diverse communities offer shelter.
Diverse communities provide resources.
Most diverse communities adapt to environments.
Most diverse communities adapt to harsh environments.
Most diverse communities occupy environments.
Most diverse communities occupy unique environments.
Most diverse communities offer shelter.
Most diverse communities provide resources.
Some diverse communities reduce erosion.
Some diverse communities reduce soil erosion.
Diverse companies ease the transition because they more readily accept different cultures.
Diverse congregations are a hotbed of new ideas, initiatives, and energy.
Diverse contributions challenge readers to reexamine their own feelings and beliefs about death.
Diverse courses encourage a broad vision of how things operate in the real-world, global workplace.
Diverse cultivars are grown.
Diverse cultures are present in the alumni and faculty.
Diverse cultures arise from diverse places.
Diverse cultures clash over coffee.
Diverse cultures have many differences, as well as a host of things to share in common.
Diverse development is encouraged.
Diverse development leads to systems which have self contained data structures.
Diverse efforts aim at safeguarding children's rights.
Diverse environments enhance preparation for the workplace .
Diverse environments provide nutrients.
Diverse environments support life.
Most diverse environments provide nutrients.
Most diverse environments support life.
Diverse experience spawns fresh ideas.
Diverse expertise is needed and all disciplines are encouraged to participate.
Diverse expertise provides added perspectives and supports other businesses.
Diverse facilities allow participation for people of all abilities.
Diverse faculty offers a wide range of traditional and multidisciplinary research opportunities.
Many diverse fields can take advantage of our adaptive neural network.
Diverse food promotes healing wounds, immunity, hunting capacity, and proper casting.
Diverse groups can produce great results just as well as homogenous groups.
Diverse groups coalesce and work together for the common good.
Diverse groups participate in the development of performance measures for the office.
Diverse groups produce diverse thinking.
More diverse groups have more abstract goals of the deeper values.
Diverse habitats provide opportunities for nature study, bird watching or quiet reflection.
Diverse habitats range from cactus deserts to alpine tundra.
Some diverse habitats provide coastal fisheries.
Some diverse habitats provide fisheries.
Some diverse habitats provide important fisheries.
Diverse individuals bring new ideas and new approaches to business challenges.
Diverse interests have effects on our reading of texts.
Diverse internships provide pertinent career experience.
Diverse knowledge is helpful.
Diverse landscape includes coastline, cliffs and gentle rolling hills.
Diverse links relateret til psykologi.
Diverse majors are acceptable for admission to schools for the healing professions.
Diverse marine environments support life.
Diverse membership offers support in variety of science related courses.
Diverse membership strengthens our organization.
Diverse microorganisms are essential to a sustainable biosphere.
Diverse natural environments provide nutrients.
Many diverse occupations find their origins in the mechanical field.
Diverse offerings are available at consortium colleges.
Diverse opinion exists as to the most effective method of pre- senting such a subject.
Diverse opinion is what makes everything churn.
Diverse opinions are unavoidable and encouraged.
Diverse opinions are welcome.
Diverse opinions lead to greater creativity, and homogeneity leads to stagnation.
Much diverse opinion flies over a variety of the city's current events.
Many diverse organisms show anatomical similarities, such as vertebrate forelimbs.
Diverse parts make a greater whole.
Diverse participation is welcomed.
Diverse parties have different types of information assimilation patterns and speak differently.
Diverse people are welcome and represented here.
Diverse people bring diverse ideas, which often increases productivity.
Diverse people can then organize themselves around and make unique contributions to the whole.
Diverse peoples create the unique multi-cultural environment of peaceful coexistence.
Diverse perspectives bring breadth and depth to a project.
Diverse perspectives enrich the nursing education received by our students.
Diverse photos capture the breed's easygoing temperament and good looks at play, work, and rest.
Diverse photos capture the breed's easy-going temperament and good looks at play, work, and rest.
Diverse plant communities offer shelter.
Diverse plants attract diverse wildlife.
Diverse plants offer diversity.
Diverse plants provide a wide range of foods that are available throughout the year.
Most diverse plants offer diversity.
Diverse platforms are the norm.
Diverse points are best, and that makes it fun to write.
Diverse populations bring different attitudes, perceptions, motivations, and needs to the workplace.
Diverse populations have diverse needs.
Diverse products are now available on the market.
Diverse programs are available for seniors, adults and youths through family oriented festivities.
Diverse programs exist within the school to address the uniqueness of the individuals within it.
Diverse programming is the rule, and the nature of a visit is anything but predictable.
Diverse relationships exist between the absolute configuration and bioactivity of insect pheromones.
More diverse rotations are probably necessary to maximize profits in zero till.
Diverse settings make for opportunities in investigative learning and problem solving.
Diverse sites provide backbone for research.
Diverse skills are necessary for successful set construction.
Many diverse species call The Great Rift Valley home.
Many diverse species rely on the unique habitat characteristics provided by roadless lands.
Diverse staffs range widely in age and cultural experience.
Diverse stances emerge.
Diverse strengths can compensate for diverse weaknesses.
Many diverse students compose our college campuses.
Diverse studies are available related to impact of invasive plant species on tropical biodiversity.
Diverse styles spread risk across specific investment practices such as growth and value investing.
Diverse suppliers can also be some of strongest advocates in supporting company initiatives.
Diverse systems are usually more unstable than the less diverse ones.
Diverse systems exhibit remarkedly similar, sometimes even universal behavior.
Diverse teams are more effective and creative in an increasingly competitive economy.
Diverse teams can work closer together, even from thousands of miles apart.
Diverse things have diverse causes.
Diverse varieties are only one tool that farmers use to ameliorate unfavourable conditions.
Diverse vegetation is important for maintaining wildlife species diversity in oak-hickory forests.
Diverse vegetation supports many species of animals - some unique to the island.
Diverse views are of course a normal, healthy aspect of scientific life.
Diverse viewpoints are the cornerstone of democracy.
Diverse viewpoints make interesting discussions.
Diverse voices contributing to public discourse is a fundamental element of our democratic society.
Diverse voices speak to create a single harmony.
Diverse wildlife abounds.
Diversification abroad can offset loss of sales at home.
Diversification achieves two goals.
Diversification also adds exposure to asset classes that offer the potential for good returns.
Diversification also has a limited effect on the rankings of risk management strategies.
Diversification automatically dilutes the potential return.
Diversification becomes the key and that balance requires alternative assets like gold.
Diversification can be a good long-term approach to revenue shortfalls from drought.
Diversification Can Be Expensive.
Diversification can be helpful here.
Diversification can be one of the keys to successful investing.
Diversification can dampen volatility, reduce risk and enhance returns.
Diversification can help graziers get uniform yields of quality forage throughout the season.
Diversification can help reduce risk over time.
Diversification Can Improve Returns.
Diversification can limit losses, but it can also limit gains.
Diversification can provide some hedge against the volatility of the individual assets.
Diversification can provide some protection for companies from regional economic problems.
Diversification can reduce risk from crop-damaging weather conditions or pest outbreaks.
Diversification can reduce volatility while keeping returns positive over the longer term.
Diversification can take many shapes and forms.
Diversification covers managers, investment styles, economies and currencies.
Diversification creates stability, and stability is the essence of long-term expansion.
Diversification dramatically reduces risk.
Diversification emerges as an option for sugar-oriented mills.
Diversification ensures a species-rich world.
Diversification gives chinadotcom the advantage of multiple revenue streams.
Diversification greatly enhances placement opportunities in today's job market.
Diversification has less of a place when a trader has talent.
Diversification helps balance potential returns against risk.
Diversification helps reduce and mange risk.
Diversification helps reduce capital risk.
Diversification helps reduce risk.
Diversification helps spread both risk and opportunity.
Diversification helps spread both risks and opportunity.
Diversification helps spread risk between countries, currencies and markets.
Diversification helps to alleviate the effects of a down cycle of any one investment.
Diversification helps to reduce risk.
Diversification helps, too.
Diversification increases the chance of investing in securities that perform well.
Diversification is a bad idea.
Diversification is a buffer against inevitable economic downturn.
Diversification is a common production strategy that can be used.
Diversification is a concept whose time has come again.
Diversification is a cornerstone of risk management.
Diversification is a good insurance against risk.
Diversification is a good thing, in and of itself.
Diversification is a key benefit of setting up a portfolio.
Diversification is a key feature of the mutual funds managed by our international affiliates.
Diversification is a key principle underlying prudent portfolio management.
Diversification is a keyword for the industry.
Diversification is a long-term strategy.
Diversification is a major theme for future expansion.
Diversification is a priority.
Diversification is a recommended strategy for reducing risk.
Diversification is a simple yet effective way of managing investment risk.
Diversification is a term used to describe a very simple fundamental.
Diversification is a traditional way of reducing income variability.
Diversification is achieved by writing firm-specific loan terms.
Diversification is also an essential element of portfolio success because it spreads the risk.
Diversification is also high on most advisors' lists.
Diversification is also important to our personal investment portfolios.
Diversification is always important when putting together a portfolio.
Diversification is always the wisest energy policy.
Diversification is an action
Diversification is an effective way to control risk.
Diversification is an especially important advantage of bond funds.
Diversification is an essential ingredient in successful investing.
Diversification is an essential part of investing.
Diversification is an established tenet of conservative investments.
Diversification is an important key to successful investing.
Diversification is an underappreciated asset.
Diversification is another important benefit of international investing.
Diversification is another issue.
Diversification is another powerful discipline used to manage the risk of a portfolio.
Diversification is another principle that defies chaos.
Diversification is another strong point cited by country-fund supporters.
Diversification is as important now, as ever.
Diversification is balanced between bonds and domestic and international equities.
Diversification is best Perhaps, but market corrections in the housing market can be disastrous.
Diversification is boring, a sign of weakness to many investors.
Diversification is conditions.
Diversification is critical to the achievement of strong financial performance.
Diversification is crucial for owners of privately held businesses who are nearing retirement age.
Diversification is crucial if agriculture is to adapt successfully for the future.
Diversification is fine.
Diversification is for wimps and weak minded idiots.
Diversification is frequently a demand in any rural setting.
Diversification is fundamental to reducing risk.
Diversification is good .
Diversification is great insurance for the average investor.
Diversification is ignorance.
Diversification is important for a retiree making annual withdrawals from a portfolio.
Diversification is important for investors.
Diversification is important in both methods, but comparatively, more so in the lump sum method.
Diversification is important too.
Diversification is important, too.
Diversification is important.
Diversification is intelligent.
Diversification is just as important to companies as it is to investors.
Diversification is key to another company's success.
Diversification is key to securing steady returns and protecting investment.
Diversification is key to success.
Diversification is key.
Diversification is meant to reduce risk.
Diversification is more of a shield.
Diversification is nice .
Diversification is now more essential than ever.
Diversification is now the watchword.
Diversification is one of the best means to reduce investment risk.
Diversification is one of the main features observed lately in foreign investment.
Diversification is one of the main reasons for conglomerate mergers.
Diversification is one of the wisest ways to be a good investor.
Diversification is one strategy for combatting uncertainty in production and markets.
Diversification is one strategy some medium-sized farms use for success.
Diversification is one way to minimize risk without sacrificing the potential to make money.
Diversification is one way to minimize risk.
Diversification is only one reason to buy mutual funds.
Diversification is paramount.
Diversification is probably the biggest risk issue.
Diversification is seen as a hedge against political upheaval.
Diversification is skewed toward bonds and cash.
Diversification is skewed toward bonds and, to a lesser degree, domestic and international equities.
Diversification is skewed toward domestic and international company stocks.
Diversification is still the name of our economic development game here.
Diversification is the basic tenet for investments in the stock market or any other asset class.
Diversification is the best method for reducing risk of loss.
Diversification is the best strategy for reconciling low risk with strong performance.
Diversification is the best strategy.
Diversification is the focus for the future now that all past indebtedness has been cleared away.
Diversification is the golden principle of money management.
Diversification is the hallmark of a great entrepreneur.
Diversification is the hallmark of the program.
Diversification is the key concept.
Diversification is the key in the run-up to the euro, and issuers want a broader investor base.
Diversification is the key to successful investing.
Diversification is the key to successful long-term investing.
Diversification is the most powerful tool an investor can use to address risk.
Diversification is the name of the game, with special stress on sports shoes.
Diversification is the name of the game.
Diversification is the next key to survival.
Diversification is the only answer.
Diversification is the only way to survive in the market.
Diversification is the secret to a successful, prudent and less risky investing.
Diversification is the switch from one productive product to a wider range of products.
Diversification is the traditional argument for investing internationally.
Diversification is the wave of the future.
Diversification is their only choice if they want to survive.
Diversification is therefore technically a breach of tenancy.
Diversification is thus central to modernisation.
Diversification is undertaken by a fund to lower risk.
Diversification is utilized to prevent undue market value swings.
Diversification is very important.
Diversification is what Banks do.
Diversification isa action.
Diversification makes a difference.
Diversification makes a portfolio less risky than the individual assets that make it up.
Diversification means building a portfolio that includes securities from different asset classes.
Diversification means having money in all three types.
Diversification means investing in different sectors of the stock market and asset categories.
Diversification means owning several different investments at once.
Diversification means two things.
Diversification occurs during cretaceous time.
Diversification occurs during time.
Diversification pays off in the long run, even if it doesn t always help over shorter periods.
Diversification pays off, too, both in return and risk reduction.
Diversification potentially increases market power and can impair efficiency.
Diversification provides a lower but acceptable overall return.
Diversification provides opportunity.
Diversification provides two major benefits to the long-term investor.
Diversification ranks high as an important strategy in all the portfolios.
Diversification refers to a portfolio strategy whereby multiple types if investments are held.
Diversification refers to the numbers of securities held and their types.
Diversification remains a key objective of the nation's certified organic farmers.
Diversification seems to be a key element in the farmer-vendors' commercial success.
Diversification seems to be a key to a team s success.
Diversification splits the risk.
Diversification spreads money among several different investments.
Diversification spreads risk over several asset categories.
Diversification spreads risk.
Diversification takes a long time to ramp up.
Diversification tends to average the coefficients of variation of the two separate enterprises.
Diversification tends to reduce investment risk.
Diversification then is introduced.
Diversification typically steers the other way.
Diversification works best during a full market cycle.
Diversification works in economics as well as nature.
Diversification works since market's preference for sectors rotate.
Most diversification occurs during cretaceous time.
Most diversification occurs during time.
Most diversification provides opportunity.
Some diversification involves modification.
Some diversification poses problems.
Some diversification requires dispersals.
Diversified accessories are available.
Diversified agriculture is a growing sector of the economy.
Diversified agriculture is described as increasing the number of types of agricultural production.
Diversified company conducts operations in aircraft, automotive and other industrial markets.
Diversified experience allows utilization of previously proven methods, minimizing trial and error.
Diversified farms are usually more economically and ecologically resilient.
Diversified farms engage in both traditional farming and small-scale entrepreneurship.
Diversified farms geared for farmers markets have different labor needs.
Diversified farms offer growers some protection from crop-specific freezes or droughts.
Diversified funding is sound environmental policy.
Diversified investors are much less exposed to such risk.
Diversified operation is another business maneuver.
Diversified population makes the school system a microcosm of American society.
Diversified portfolios weather difficult markets much more comfortably than concentrated portfolios.
Diversion programs make it more difficult to identify hardcore drunk drivers.
Diversion programs offer a variety of services both in-house and through community based referrals.
Diversion changes historic patterns.
Diversion changes patterns.
Diversion encourages parental involvement to aid in strengthening families.
Diversion has substantially the same meaning.
Diversion is a program for low-level first time offenders.
Diversion is a useful tactic when someone is resistance to help.
Diversion is activities.
Diversion is an activity
Diversion is an evolving process requiring understanding.
Diversion is at the discretion of the prosecutor.
Diversion is attacks.
Diversion is by the court's intake workers.
Diversion is delightful music with tuneful, beautifully expressive melodies.
Diversion is discussed in an historical context.
Diversion is driven by political dynamics and diversion programs.
Diversion is fine, obsession is a little creepy.
Diversion is from an existing historic reservoir.
Diversion is intended only for new applicants.
Diversion is more cost effective than the traditional juvenile justice process.
Diversion is now one of the principal objectives.
Diversion is open to students of all majors and minors.
Diversion is possible only to the extent that a bid is made in excess of the debt owed.
Diversion is the best they can do.
Diversion is the least complicated of spring backflood irrigation systems.
Diversion is the right thing to do, and it's cost effective except in the very shortest term.
Diversion is turns.
Diversion is, therefore, a means to avoid a judgment of criminal guilt.
Diversion isa activity.
Diversion offers another choice.
Diversion supports youth in their efforts to repay restitution to our community.
Diversion supports youth that acknowledge their behaviors and mistakes.
Diversions also create expectations among residents impossible to sustain over time, they say.
Diversions also plays a role in the characteristics of river sytems.
Diversions appear Fridays on the arts page in the print edition.
Diversions are another tactic for offsetting fearful events.
Diversions are everywhere and boredom is easily suppressed by the many objectives from each course.
Diversions are in place.
Diversions can be immediate or after a selectable delay.
Diversions can, at times, prove helpful.
Diversions Catch up on the latest adventures of Sampling Man.
Diversions goes to tabloid format.
Diversions Playing around on the web constantly leaves one with a full bookmark file.
Diversions Pull up a lounge chair and watch the sunset turn into an incredibly starry sky.
Diversions often function like terraces.
Diversion usually takes the form of an informal hearing.
Any diversion is scorned.
Most diversion changes historic patterns.
Some diversion creates conditions.
Some diversion creates flood conditions.
Some diversion includes surface grind water.
Some diversion includes water.
Some diversion requires exertion.
Some diversion requires physical exertion.
Diversional skills are distractions.
Some diversionary approaches can avoid the criminal record.
Diversionary operations confuse the enemy.
Diversity education can help build both a strong society and a strong economy.
Diversity education creates respect for differences and helps ease tensions between people.
Diversity education emphasizes our differences and breeds conflict.
Diversity education is already in the schools.
Diversity education is essential to the success of anyone male or female in business today.
Diversity education is more than learning about cultural difference.
Diversity education wins support when it is related to personal growth.
Diversity indexes refer to the number of species present and their relative abundances.
Diversity jurisdiction does force the federal courts to have some involvement in state court issues.
Diversity jurisdiction exists.
Diversity jurisdiction is a matter of federal law.
Diversity jurisdiction is established.
Diversity management increases the range of choice for all.
Diversity of citizenship exists.
Diversity of citizenship is a concept of personal jurisdiction.
Diversity of citizenship is determined at the commencement of a lawsuit.
Diversity of life describes the variety of different kinds of living things.
Diversity of life is our common heritage, and is the basis for future life.
Diversity programs create an atmosphere of unfairness, which in turn undercuts trust.
Diversity training begins in the family.
Diversity training can also be fodder for outbursts.
Diversity training can be tough to take.
Diversity training can cause confusion and hostility.
Diversity training has the potential to turn into therapy.
Diversity training is a mistake.
Diversity training is a part of staff development and is an ongoing project.
Diversity training is a special area of organizational development.
Diversity training is also available.
Diversity training is big business on campuses, the office and government.
Diversity training is filled with land mines .
Diversity training is mandatory for supervisors and managers serving a probationary period.
Diversity training is needed in the schools.
Diversity training is one of the most pressing issues in the transportation market sector.
Diversity training needs to be continued but a different training focus is needed now.
Diversity training Providing diversity training for our team members is a high priority at Target.
All diversity training is awareness based.
Diversity visas are available only to citizens of certain nations.
Diversities still produce fears.
Diversity abounds through individually distinct rock, folk, and country-influenced songs.
Diversity abounds with cosmopolitan cities, quaint towns and unspoiled land and seascapes.
Diversity addresses underrepresentation while affirmative action addresses underutilization.
Diversity adds great strength to the quality of the education provided all students.
Diversity adds to the richness of the learning environment.
Diversity adds to the richness of the program.
Diversity allows for cultural variety in approaches to worship and topicality.
Diversity already exists, darn near everywhere.
Diversity also adds economic and civic value to our society.
Diversity also applies to a person s sexual identity.
Diversity also creates many new opportunities.
Diversity also enhances IS recruiting and sustains retention.
Diversity also extends to customs, cuisine and dress.
Diversity also forces team members to remain flexible and open-minded.
Diversity also has the pleasant aroma of kindness and generosity.
Diversity also includes increasing minority supplier contracts and community involvement.
Diversity also involves philosophy and life experiences.
Diversity also is a priority.
Diversity also is important to the nursery.
Diversity also is the key to the business' burgeoning customer base.
Diversity also means a variety of perspectives.
Diversity also means that there is a greater chance of new special abilities developing.
Diversity also offers new writers a lot of possibilities.
Diversity also offers the adjacent property owners some individuality.
Diversity also places limits upon what legislation can achieve.
Diversity also promotes competition between energy suppliers, which keeps prices lower.
Diversity also refers to the ways people are different.
Diversity also relates to the simple differences in personalities and looks between two people.
Diversity appears greater in traditional growing areas, where farmers still propagate by seed.
Diversity appears to be a function of social evolution.
Diversity appears to be key to the company's strategy.
Diversity appears to pose less problems elsewhere.
Diversity becomes a tangible concept.
Diversity becomes an escape mechanism for dealing with racism.
Diversity begets diversity.
Diversity begins and ends with cooperation.
Diversity begins as duality.
Diversity begins with individuals.
Diversity benefits everyone.
Diversity best describes our class offerings.
Diversity best describes the island's geology and climate.
Diversity breeds creativity.
Diversity breeds diversity.
Diversity brings a critical balance to any level of collaboration.
Diversity brings beauty to our existence.
Diversity brings changes in work roles.
Diversity brings creativity, opportunity and possibilities to careers and to organizations.
Diversity brings creativity.
Diversity brings new perspectives that can add value to every decision the board makes.
Diversity brings richness .
Diversity brings the universe to our door.
Diversity brings together differences to enhance the sameness of life.
Diversity brings with it a variety of truth claims.
Diversity builds innovation.
Diversity builds networks of strength based on mutual understanding.
Diversity builds on that floor.
Diversity builds upon the critical foundation laid by workplace equity initiatives.
Diversity calls for different profiles.
Diversity can also be a valuable tool for an international company.
Diversity can also create the proper conditions for the subsequent crop.
Diversity can also increase communication costs, reduce cohesiveness, and promote turnover.
Diversity can also mean differences in opinion, socio-economic background, or even haircuts.
Diversity can be a source of strength, but disunity is a source of peril.
Diversity can be an indicator of a healthy ecosystem.
Diversity can be as simple as having different personal experiences.
Diversity can be complex and easily misunderstood.
Diversity can be different perspectives, ideas, culture, religion, personalities and much more.
Diversity can be more of an issue in same age classrooms.
Diversity can be our strength.
Diversity can be religion, minorities, color, ideas, etc.
Diversity can be the key to an energizing workout.
Diversity can encompass a lot of areas.
Diversity can enrich an organization and society.
Diversity can enrich our understanding and increase the probability of sound decisions.
Diversity can have broad interpretation.
Diversity can help or hinder a team s processes.
Diversity can help sustain the unity of a nation that's based on shared ideals.
Diversity can increase students' understanding of other peoples and cultures.
Diversity can lead to productive experiments in work roles.
Diversity can make the world a better place in which to live.
Diversity can mean a variety of things to different people.
Diversity can mean difference in men and women, ethnic background, sexuality, age, etc.
Diversity can only be healthy for Irish republicanism.
Diversity can only enrich the m lange.
Diversity can only go so far.
Diversity can point the way to more interesting interaction and instruction.
Diversity can polarize and build barriers, or it can be an opportunity for growth and unity.
Diversity can polarize, alienate, and build barriers.
Diversity can polarize, alienate, build barriers, or be an opportunity for growth and unity.
Diversity can provide some protection.
Diversity can simply mean counting the variety of people.
Diversity can strengthen the overall effort.
Diversity celebrates differences.
Diversity celebrates the understanding that people have similarities and differences.
Diversity challenges the curriculum to represent learning in multiple, coherent, purposeful forms. .
Diversity characterizes both the marchers and the endorsers.
Diversity characterizes Georgia's families.
Diversity characterizes our lifestyles and experiences, our philosophies and our religious journeys.
Diversity characterizes the East Side.
Diversity comes from sexual reproduction and diversity in a changing environment is a good thing.
Diversity comes with the territory.
Diversity Contribute personal perspectives and skills to projects involving diversity.
Diversity contributes to development.
Diversity contributes to diversity.
Diversity contributes to stability.
Diversity counts more than any defining set of basic stimuli.
Diversity covers every area and every individual.
Diversity creates a larger universe of options through the results of mutualistic combinations.
Diversity creates a rich mosaic of the human community.
Diversity creates added value.
Diversity creates an environment where people have to watch their every word and action.
Diversity creates an open environment for all employees.
Diversity creates enrichment.
Diversity creates excitement in our workforce.
Diversity creates great opportunity in a state of chaos.
Diversity creates many opportunity.
Diversity creates more opportunities for everyone.
Diversity creates networks that segregate rather than unite an organization.
Diversity creates opportunities for new ideas, learning, and growth.
Diversity creates opportunity.
Diversity creates so many opportunities for a teacher to bring world studies into the classroom.
Diversity creates the rich environments that are so crucial to democratic, real-world learning.
Diversity deals with a wide range of issues, ideas and backgrounds.
Diversity demands aggregates of conformity.
Diversity demands flexibility.
Diversity demonstrates an appreciation for their differences.
Diversity depends on integration.
Diversity describes the coexistence of many cultures in society.
Diversity describes the spectrum of human similarities and differences.
Diversity destroys our sense of community and social pathologies result.
Diversity destroys the semblance of lineage.
Diversity determines the quality of education.
Diversity diminishes for all networks when focusing on recurring characters only.
Diversity -Discusses how individuals' different experiences influence the way they see the world.
Diversity does exist, however, in a difference of economic backgrounds.
Diversity drives creativity.
Diversity drives evolution.
Diversity drops rapidly during the fall.
Diversity enables life to find a way to survive.
Diversity enables quality.
Diversity encompasses a wide range of issues.
Diversity encourages all individuals to contribute to the success of the business.
Diversity encourages customers to read the details on the Bulletins Page .
Diversity encourages resistance to devastating pests and diseases in our food supply.
Diversity energizes and strengthens schools and communities.
Diversity enhances education and global understanding.
Diversity enhances our competitiveness in today's global marketplace.
Diversity enhances sensitivity and connectivity to communities and to clients.
Diversity enriches a community.
Diversity enriches a society and the people who live there.
Diversity enriches an individuals experiences as well as the society.
Diversity enriches both the classroom experience and life outside the classroom.
Diversity enriches both the individual and society.
Diversity enriches instruction.
Diversity enriches life.
Diversity enriches our faith communities, but can also cause tension.
Diversity enriches our lives and increases our understanding.
Diversity enriches our lives and our environment.
Diversity enriches our performance and products, as well as our communities and lives.
Diversity enriches our world, our nation and each of our communities.
Diversity enriches the academic experience and is essential to the quality of higher education.
Diversity enriches the educational experience and strengthens our community.
Diversity enriches the educational experience.
Diversity equals productivity.
Diversity equals that of ferns and other groups.
Diversity evokes a life in which games take on the psychological weight of work.
Diversity exists in values and beliefs.
Diversity exists, too, in how each group raises money and where that money goes.
Diversity expands the talent pool.
Diversity fills critical roles in our organizations.
Diversity finds common ground and all voices are heard.
Diversity focuses on inclusion.
Diversity fosters good management practices.
Diversity fosters tolerance, awareness and understanding.
Diversity frightens university administrators.
Diversity gain versus bandwidth and number of channels.
Diversity generally decreases with elevation just as it does with latitude.
Diversity generates lively discussions.
Diversity Get Information on diversity and multicultural opportunities.
Diversity gives awards to actors, directors, and writers who are of ethnic or diverse background.
Diversity gives Britain important opportunities in world markets.
Diversity gives meaning to our sense of community.
Diversity gives meaning to our senses of community.
Diversity gives people the opportunity to express their point of view on projects.
Diversity goes beyond the plant doors, the office and the boardroom.
Diversity goes by a variety of labels.
Diversity goes to the very heart of preparing our communities to compete in a global economy.
Diversity guarantees an appropriate mixture of teaching methods and attitudes toward subject areas.
Diversity happens because the leader sets the tone.
Diversity has a lot to do with it.
Diversity has a salutary effect on all biological ecosystems, and human culture is no exception.
Diversity has a value to be weighed in the hiring process.
Diversity has effects.
Diversity has great advantages.
Diversity has important educational benefits in and of itself.
Diversity has many different aspects to it.
Diversity has nothing to do with randomness.
Diversity has primary and secondary characteristic.
Diversity has the potential to be a good thing or a bad thing.
Diversity has the power to strengthen the nation.
Diversity has to be part of a strategic process that happens on all levels of the company.
Diversity has to occur.
Diversity has very substantial payoffs both for individuals and organizations.
Diversity helps . .
Diversity helps as the preparation for managing a more diverse world.
Diversity helps build a peaceful culture.
Diversity helps build strong teams.
Diversity helps building good teams.
Diversity helps secure our food supply.
Diversity helps sell more papers, so it's good for business.
Diversity ignites effective work teams.
Diversity impacts human performance as well as organizational success.
Diversity impacts on our understanding of the needs of customers and staff world-wide.
Diversity implies difference.
Diversity implies differences in people based on their identifications with various groups.
Diversity implies division.
Diversity improves productivity.
Diversity includes audience as well as philosophy and thinking.
Diversity includes diversity of ability.
Diversity includes foreign students, immigrants, and minority students.
Diversity includes gender, race, disability, length of service, and size and type of operation.
Diversity includes the richness and relative abundance of individuals of different species.
Diversity incorporates workers in many different pay classifications and personnel systems.
Diversity increases chances.
Diversity increases costs and is difficult to maintain.
Diversity increases the average order amount.
Diversity increases the bottom line.
Diversity increases with succession as production base increases.
Diversity inevitably leads to controversy.
Diversity inspires community.
Diversity inspires creativity and inventiveness.
Diversity involves everyone.
Diversity involves more than racial prejudice.
Diversity involves much more than culture, gender, age, ability, or personality.
Diversity is a basic method of coping with sin.
Diversity is a beautiful thing.
Diversity is a big issue at Maryland, in the libraries in particular.
Diversity is a business imperative.
Diversity is a business issue that affects the bottom line.
Diversity is a catalyst for developing and maintaining a more competitive and effective work force.
Diversity is a challenge.
Diversity is a charminh aspect of the country.
Diversity is a clear business advantage.
Diversity is a complex issue.
Diversity is a comprehensive process that extends opportunity to the entire work force.
Diversity is a concept elastic enough to fit whatever a university administrator wants it to cover.
Diversity is a concept that applies at the personal level and also at the national level.
Diversity is a core attribute of our educational mission.
Diversity is a cornerstone of the American experience.
Diversity is a critical and important element for the future.
Diversity is a critical business imperative.
Diversity is a critical component in attaining sustainability.
Diversity is a critical feature of fine tapestry.
Diversity is a critical ingredient in winning because of the true meaning of the word.
Diversity is a crucial component of public leadership.
Diversity is a defense against surprises in markets, weather and pests.
Diversity is a definite asset for our country.
Diversity is a definite plus in today's highly competitive job market.
Diversity is a difference
Diversity is a distinctive sign of nature and is the basis for ecological stability.
Diversity is a driving force within existing and evolving entities.
Diversity is a fact of life.
Diversity is a fact.
Diversity is a familiar concept in our society.
Diversity is a form of organization that is more organic.
Diversity is a frequently used word in the modern lexicon of business.
Diversity is a gift to our minds and spirits.
Diversity is a gift, but it has been misused as a disguise to promote racism.
Diversity is a goal worth pursuing.
Diversity is a good measure of the ecological health of an area.
Diversity is a good thing.
Diversity is a great ally.
Diversity is a great thing to have.
Diversity is a hallmark of life.
Diversity is a hallmark of middle level learners.
Diversity is a hallmark of our college.
Diversity is a hallmark of our town, our state, and our entire country.
Diversity is a hallmark of the United States, a source of our greatness.
Diversity is a journey.
Diversity is a key business strategy.
Diversity is a key component of the liberal-arts experience.
Diversity is a key concept for creating resilient economies and rich local cultures.
Diversity is a key factor in incentive compensation for managers.
Diversity is a key factor in the survival of an ecosystem.
Diversity is a key factor in their enormous appeal.
Diversity is a key strand in our new teacher preparation programs.
Diversity is a key to our success.
Diversity is a key to Virginia's continuing and growing attraction to golfers.
Diversity is a key word when talking about Linux.
Diversity is a keynote of the residences.
Diversity is a laudable goal.
Diversity is a long-term issue, so be persistent and keep the efforts coordinated.
Diversity is a main characteristic of traditional livestock production.
Diversity is a main concern for minority students.
Diversity is a marvelous gift to mankind.
Diversity is a matter of survival and prosperity.
Diversity is a moving target.
Diversity is a natural and enriching hallmark of life.
Diversity is a natural condition and a worthy botanic end in itself.
Diversity is a necessary part of education.
Diversity is a necessity for all life to survive.
Diversity is a necessity in all lines of work, including archaeology.
Diversity is a notion of embracing everyone towards a state of equality.
Diversity is a part of the fabric of North American life.
Diversity is a perpetual goal, and the numbers of females and non-white students rose again.
Diversity is a phenomenal asset.
Diversity is a positive aspect of human society.
Diversity is a powerful tool in the real world.
Diversity is a prerequisite for change, since it breeds divergent thinking.
Diversity is a priority in the workplace.
Diversity is a priority now.
Diversity is a priority, but all schools are encouraged to apply.
Diversity is a problem.
Diversity is a process of acknowledging differences through action.
Diversity is a rather old idea.
Diversity is a real source of creativity.
Diversity is a Reality.
Diversity is a result of individual and collective communication and collaboration.
Diversity is a result of the evolutionary process.
Diversity is a second key part of their platform.
Diversity is a sense of pride that only can be briefly touched on during an event.
Diversity is a serious topic.
Diversity is a source of new ideas and ways of doing things.
Diversity is a source of renewal and vitality.
Diversity is a source of wealth in a market economy.
Diversity is a spice of life.
Diversity is a strategic advantage.
Diversity is a strength in our communities.
Diversity is a strength in our educational environment.
Diversity is a strength of our community.
Diversity is a strength that adds to a multicultural educational program.
Diversity is a strength when people of different ethnic and cultural backgrounds are unified.
Diversity is a strength, when coordinated for a common goal.
Diversity is a strength.
Diversity is a strong point.
Diversity is a sufficient basis for the use of race as one of the criteria for admissions.
Diversity is a theme for which the focus is continuously shifting.
Diversity is a top priority.
Diversity is a topic that sparks debate and confusion.
Diversity is a topic whose time has come for American campuses.
Diversity is a trait of the center in many ways.
Diversity is a universal phenomenon, beyond questions of race and gender.
Diversity is a valuable aspect to Kaleidoscope.
Diversity is a value.
Diversity is a valued, respected, dynamic strength, beneficial to all.
Diversity is a very broad term.
Diversity is a very complex issue.
Diversity is a very high priority.
Diversity is a very important ecological component of organic farming.
Diversity is a very popular and politically correct word.
Diversity is a very soothing word in American political culture and rhetoric right now.
Diversity is a very valuable part of their input.
Diversity is a virtue.
Diversity is a vital element of continued dynamism and success for corporations.
Diversity is a vital element on every college campus.
Diversity is a wonderful thing.
Diversity is a word that comes to mind when describing Florida's national forests.
Diversity is a word that gender feminists refuse to acknowledge.
Diversity is a word that is today at the forefront of our studies about the ecology of our planet.
Diversity is a word whose meaning is more directly related to tolerance rather than unity.
Diversity is a word with many different meanings in many different contexts.
Diversity is about authenticity and truth.
Diversity is about empowering a plural community.
Diversity is about honoring and celebrating our interdependence, our basic humanness. . . .
Diversity is about the many groups of peoples that compose America, the plures.
Diversity is about the rich differences found in the human family.
Diversity is accepted and celebrated.
Diversity is accepted only if it produces a profit.
Diversity is addressed in several standards.
Diversity is all important.
Diversity is all inclusive.
Diversity is all over the net.
Diversity is already an imperative for the business community.
Diversity is also a good in and of itself.
Diversity is also an important issue in enlisted accessions.
Diversity is also an issue.
Diversity is also basic to education for democracy.
Diversity is also critical.
Diversity is also key.
Diversity is also self-organizing.
Diversity is also simply good business.
Diversity is also true among the student-athletes who come to Iowa City to play basketball.
Diversity is always a delicate matter because it deals with our own and other people's identities.
Diversity is always a good thing.
Diversity is always good.
Diversity is always somewhat uncontrollable.
Diversity is an asset to the university.
Diversity is an asset.
Diversity is an emotional issue that cuts deep into our souls and psyches.
Diversity is an enemy because it requires differentiated sales appeal.
Diversity is an enormous opportunity for human growth.
Diversity is an enriching and necessary component of the total educational experience.
Diversity is an essential component of the program.
Diversity is an essential element of the educational process.
Diversity is an essential element of the Firm's culture.
Diversity is an essential part of any college.
Diversity is an essential part of that general environment.
Diversity is an evolutionary rather than revolutionary process.
Diversity is an illusion.
Diversity is an important aspect of school.
Diversity is an important educational goal for all campuses and for all students.
Diversity is an important element of the educational process.
Diversity is an important element of the Firm's character.
Diversity is an important factor in the stability and survival of all ecosystems.
Diversity is an important factor of success in a global and changing world.
Diversity is an important goal for our program.
Diversity is an important goal of the company.
Diversity is an important issue.
Diversity is an important key to the future.
Diversity is an important part of the Firm's success.
Diversity is an incredibly broad and complex area which is changing faster than ever before.
Diversity is an inextricable ingredient of true excellence.
Diversity is an innate characteristic of peptide structures.
Diversity is an integral part of our culture and a business strength.
Diversity is an integral part of our everyday interactions.
Diversity is an integral part of the American identity.
Diversity is an integral part of the character of our company. . .
Diversity is an intellectual concept found in quality social studies programs.
Diversity is an issue for the whole profession.
Diversity is an issue in all segments of business.
Diversity is an issue that can no longer be ignored.
Diversity is an overarching theme in all courses offered.
Diversity is an untapped resource.
Diversity is another advantage.
Diversity is another issue.
Diversity is another name for the world.
Diversity is another plan.
Diversity is another trend.
Diversity is apparent in the span of activities described in just a few articles.
Diversity is appreciated and celebrated throughout the school.
Diversity is appreciated.
Diversity is approached from personal, interpersonal and organizational perspectives in the series.
Diversity is as Canadian as maple syrup.
Diversity is as fundamental to life as is order.
Diversity is as important as unity.
Diversity is ascendant.
Diversity is at the heart of academic excellence.
Diversity is at the heart of city life.
Diversity is bands.
Diversity is based on parental choice.
Diversity is basic to ecosystemic well-being.
Diversity is basically a means of multi-reception.
Diversity is beautiful in creation.
Diversity is beautiful.
Diversity is beauty of life.
Diversity is beneficial for several reasons.
Diversity is biblical.
Diversity is both a customer service and a business development issue.
Diversity is both an opportunity and challenge.
Diversity is both our reality and our hope.
Diversity is capable of destroying the White race.
Diversity is celebrated and children are treated as unique individuals.
Diversity is celebrated and individual talents are prized.
Diversity is celebrated and respected.
Diversity is celebrated and seen as a critical asset to the project and community as a whole.
Diversity is celebrated and the talents and strengths of each child are recognized and nourished.
Diversity is celebrated with foods from all countries and regions represented in the college.
Diversity is celebrated, as people strive to learn from each other.
Diversity is celebrated.
Diversity is certainly one, curiosity and learning.
Diversity is conditions.
Diversity is considered when faculty organize their courses into clusters.
Diversity is consistent with the core values of the organization .
Diversity is core to doing business now and in the next century.
Diversity is created when different sponges reproduce with other different sponges.
Diversity is critical to the company's future.
Diversity is crucial to the selection process.
Diversity is customer-focused.
Diversity is defined as the condition of being different.
Diversity is defined by cultural, religious, economic and social variances.
Diversity is defined by differences in religion, race, sexual preference and ideology.
Diversity is definitely a bonus.
Diversity is derived from sexuality, and sexuality from the metaphorical first egg.
Diversity is difficult to define.
Diversity is discussed in the Honors Seminars as it is related to the subject material.
Diversity is dissolved into unity.
Diversity is diversity, after all, whether it be ethnic, lifestyle choice, or technical affiliation.
Diversity is education.
Diversity is educationally beneficial for two reasons.
Diversity is emphasized, including cultural, ethnic, gender, and geographic differences.
Diversity is encouraged along north-south coastlines by the cold poles and warm equator.
Diversity is encouraged as a research topic.
Diversity is encouraged in curriculum, faculty, and students.
Diversity is encouraged under the grant.
Diversity is encouraged, and there is room for dissent and dialogue.
Diversity is encouraged, rather than undervalued.
Diversity is encouraged.
Diversity is Encouraged.
Diversity is especially important for companies that do business overseas.
Diversity is essential for a thriving society.
Diversity is essential for change and growth.
Diversity is essential for general education.
Diversity is essential for successful language training.
Diversity is essential in all aspects of the work of an organization.
Diversity is essential in team management.
Diversity is essential to evolution.
Diversity is essential to success, but unpredictable.
Diversity is essential to successful preservation.
Diversity is essential to the balance of life.
Diversity is essential to the beauty and interest of nature and the universe.
Diversity is essential.
Diversity is estimated by sampling.
Diversity is everyone's responsibility.
Diversity is everywhere.
Diversity is evident in both student population and school communities.
Diversity is evident in several aspects.
Diversity is extended to linguistic heritage, national origin, sexual orientation, and disability.
Diversity is extremely high.
Diversity is fun.
Diversity is fundamental to academic excellence.
Diversity is fundamental to our business.
Diversity is generated by varied environmental conditions.
Diversity is good - perhaps expensive and complex, but good.
Diversity is good business.
Diversity is good for business and an enhancement to the bottom-line.
Diversity is good for business.
Diversity is good for everyone involved.
Diversity is good for everyone.
Diversity is good for people and good for business.
Diversity is good for the species.
Diversity is good if the lines of communication remain open.
Diversity is good things.
Diversity is good, being gay is good, being an atheist is good, beastility sex is good, etc.
Diversity is good, introducing a rich collage of experiences and sharing.
Diversity is good.
Diversity is great, really.
Diversity is healthy and educational.
Diversity is healthy, and good music is just plain good music.
Diversity is healthy, both in the ecosystem and in the academic community.
Diversity is healthy.
Diversity is here and too big, too important to ignore.
Diversity is here to stay.
Diversity is here.
Diversity is honored in students' backgrounds as well as in their abilities and interests.
Diversity is honored in the professional body and in library collections and services.
Diversity is honored with the understanding that all students can learn.
Diversity is human nature.
Diversity is implicit.
Diversity is important at both the faculty and student level.
Diversity is important but it is never justification for discrimination.
Diversity is important in athletics, too.
Diversity is important in the series.
Diversity is important to a stable community.
Diversity is important to achieve the university's mission.
Diversity is important to prevent total tree loss, so try to plant a variety of trees.
Diversity is important, everyone agrees.
Diversity is important.
Diversity is in constant conflict with conformity and unity.
Diversity is in part arrived at by allowing it.
Diversity is in the eye of the beholder.
Diversity is in the offices on campus.
Diversity is included in training for faculty and seminar leaders who work with the program.
Diversity is inclusive, encompassing everyone in the workplace.
Diversity is inclusive, rather than exclusive.
Diversity is incorporated into our orientation and training programs.
Diversity is incorrect.
Diversity is increasingly a precondition to effectiveness .
Diversity is indeed an emergent property of an assemblage of objects.
Diversity is indeed the antithesis of nationhood.
Diversity is inequality expressed as value.
Diversity is inherent in our collective commitment to access.
Diversity is intriguing and exciting.
Diversity is just a buzz word.
Diversity is key here in the clientele, music, dancing, and environment.
Diversity is key to a sustainable agriculture.
Diversity is key to education.
Diversity is key to Ottawa s success in the aerospace and defence sectors.
Diversity is key to our search for greater energy security.
Diversity is key.
Diversity is like a box of chocolates.
Diversity is linked to other human resource and organizational systems.
Diversity is lower in smaller fragments for many reasons.
Diversity is lower when species abundance is uneven, and very low when species are few.
Diversity is made difficult in a market dominated by a uniform funding model, however.
Diversity is meaningless outside orders of unity, particularly where the human habitat is concerned.
Diversity is measured by both richness and evenness.
Diversity is more about commonality than differences.
Diversity is more difficult to define than genetic or species diversity.
Diversity is more interesting and healthier than uniformity.
Diversity is more marked in California schools.
Diversity is more of an attitude that it is a list of actions.
Diversity is more than demographics.
Diversity is more than ethnic origin.
Diversity is more than just realizing that differences exist.
Diversity is more than race and gender.
Diversity is more than the color of someone's skin.
Diversity is most likely too wide a variable to adequately explain differences in human rights.
Diversity is most probably critically important.
Diversity is much broader than race and gender.
Diversity is much the rage hereabouts because of demographic trends.
Diversity is natural and desirable.
Diversity is natural.
Diversity is necessary for growth.
Diversity is necessary for the growth and survival of the Islamic system.
Diversity is necessary.
Diversity is needed in the marine science and technology workplace.
Diversity is neither intrinsically good nor evil.
Diversity is never the key.
Diversity is now a reality and recession is less a threat.
Diversity is now the norm.
Diversity is obviously a desirable goal, both on campus and in the workplace.
Diversity is of even greater importance for the origin of successful biological systems.
Diversity is of symptomatic value.
Diversity is of vital importance in the engineering profession as it fuels creativity.
Diversity is on our list of values the company stands for.
Diversity is once again on the rise.
Diversity is one example.
Diversity is one general question that's at the bottom of a lot of things.
Diversity is one major factor driving plant productivity in temperate grasslands.
Diversity is one more aspect that makes agency work such a fascinating and rewarding career choice.
Diversity is one of four campus focus areas for the next seven years.
Diversity is one of our greatest assets.
Diversity is one of our greatest strengths.
Diversity is one of our organizational strengths.
Diversity is one of our world's greatest gifts.
Diversity is one of the attributes of the program.
Diversity is one of the criteria when committees are formed.
Diversity is one of the defining characteristics of the university.
Diversity is one of the few topics which management wants justification after justification.
Diversity is one of the five main planks of our strategy in Connecting England.
Diversity is one of the four major campus goals.
Diversity is one of the great assets our country possesses in the world economy.
Diversity is one of the great strengths of democratic societies.
Diversity is one of the greatest gifts the world has to offer.
Diversity is one of the hallmarks of a great university.
Diversity is one of the keys to success in the recreation industry.
Diversity is one of the most misunderstood concepts in the nonprofit world.
Diversity is one of the most notable traits of the otherkin communities.
Diversity is one of the most pivotal issues of our time.
Diversity is one of the positive aspects of human nature.
Diversity is one of the strengths of our union.
Diversity is one of the things that makes a university strong.
Diversity is one of the things they strive for.
Diversity is one of the twelve strands identified.
Diversity is one part of the measure of that quality.
Diversity is one selection consideration.
Diversity is one.
Diversity is open forums where ideas, often highly controversial ideas, can be freely discussed.
Diversity is our friend.
Diversity is our greatest asset, unending beauty our greatest treasure.
Diversity is our natural protection against such catastrophes.
Diversity is our richest resource.
Diversity is our source of innovation, opportunity and competitive advantage.
Diversity is our specialty.
Diversity is our strength.
Diversity is part of our greatness.
Diversity is part of the institution'sheritage.
Diversity is part of the priceless natural heritage of Europe.
Diversity is part of the richness within relationships.
Diversity is part of what makes life interesting.
Diversity is power.
Diversity is present in normal cognitive aging.
Diversity is presented as a theme throughout the workshop.
Diversity is quashed to make for peace and universal unity.
Diversity is really the key here.
Diversity is recognised as a strength.
Diversity is recognized and valued.
Diversity is recognized as a strength and valuable resource.
Diversity is reduced and the trees become smaller a altitude increases.
Diversity is reflected both among and within member companies.
Diversity is reflected in the student body, faculty composition, curriculum, and field experiences.
Diversity is reflected in the wild fish that are genetically adapted to the areas they inhabit.
Diversity is relative.
Diversity is relatively high.
Diversity is required to enrich the process.
Diversity is respected and all life experiences are valued.
Diversity is respected and appreciated, and individuality encouraged and fostered.
Diversity is respected and appreciated.
Diversity is respected and celebrated.
Diversity is respected and honored.
Diversity is respected.
Diversity is richness.
Diversity is savored.
Diversity is seen as a way of promoting high performance.
Diversity is seen as everyone wins, as advancing the goals that everyone embraces.
Diversity is seen in every aspect of India.
Diversity is several things.
Diversity is simply the wide variety of organisms in our world.
Diversity is so much more than that.
Diversity is some form of thought control or political correctness.
Diversity is something that needs to be discussed all the time.
Diversity is something to be welcomed.
Diversity is special.
Diversity is still a buzzword in higher education.
Diversity is still the key to survival.
Diversity is strength when it comes to collaborative leadership.
Diversity is strength.
Diversity is stressed for all percussion students.
Diversity is successful.
Diversity is such an incredible thing.
Diversity is supported through various institutional policies and practices.
Diversity is taken very seriously on campus.
Diversity is that way, now.
Diversity is the answer.
Diversity is the antithesis of lineage.
Diversity is the best defence against the future.
Diversity is the best part of Berkeley.
Diversity is the buzz word of the nineties.
Diversity is the city's unique strength.
Diversity is the core and richness of life, also the key to sustainability.
Diversity is the dust of death settling over our civilization.
Diversity is the essence of a thriving community, social or ecological.
Diversity is the essence of our science, our careers and our lives.
Diversity is the exact opposite of university.
Diversity is the first thing that comes to mind.
Diversity is the flag flying over all.
Diversity is the flipside of elitism which is the way the world used to work.
Diversity is the foundation of our care and the inspiration for our careers.
Diversity is the great noble calling of America.
Diversity is the greatest.
Diversity is the hallmark here, both in terms of content and form.
Diversity is the hallmark of all great universities.
Diversity is the hallmark of microenterprise development in the United States.
Diversity is the hallmark of Pennsylvania's elderly.
Diversity is the hallmark of the First District.
Diversity is the highest expression of the ideals on which our nation is founded.
Diversity is the interaction of different ideas and perspectives.
Diversity is the key and that means economic diversity as well as cultural and racial diversity.
Diversity is the key component in all of our consulting services.
Diversity is the key element in programming for the Chamber Music Series .
Diversity is the key element.
Diversity is the key here.
Diversity is the key that unlocks the success of organisms in our world.
Diversity is the key to a well balanced group.
Diversity is the key to accepting the different cultures and their beliefs.
Diversity is the key to both survival and progress.
Diversity is the key to ensuring the continuance of life on Earth.
Diversity is the key to providing equal procurement opportunities for everyone.
Diversity is the key to realism.
Diversity is the key to stability.
Diversity is the key to success.
Diversity is the key to successful training, and makes running more exciting and less boring.
Diversity is the key to survival in the future.
Diversity is the key to survival.
Diversity is the key to sustainability.
Diversity is the key to the future success of the university.
Diversity is the key to The Great Dane's special appeal.
Diversity is the key to the state police's future.
Diversity is the key to the success of Montgomery County.
Diversity is the key to the universalization process of education.
Diversity is the key word as cultures become less homogenous.
Diversity is the key word in an understanding of the ecology of the Appalachian mountains.
Diversity is the key word to programming the concert season.
Diversity is the key word.
Diversity is the key.
Diversity is the keyword.
Diversity is the life-blood of freelancing.
Diversity is the magic.
Diversity is the making of one group as the norm for all groups.
Diversity is the mix of differences and similarities at all levels of the organization.
Diversity is the mix of differences and similarities.
Diversity is the mix of similarities and differences at all levels of our organization.
Diversity is the most important thing because no one can call the market all the time.
Diversity is the name of the game here.
Diversity is the name of the game.
Diversity is the norm here in our lovely little mountain home - Dahlonega.
Diversity is the norm in classrooms.
Diversity is the norm.
Diversity is the number of species in an area.
Diversity is the only answer.
Diversity is the only way to fly.
Diversity is the order of the millennium.
Diversity is the path to unity All change begins with a change in meaning.
Diversity is the 'politically correct' idiom for discrimination.
Diversity is the poorly kept secret of nature.
Diversity is the product of natural selection.
Diversity is the quality of being different and unique.
Diversity is the quality of oneness while being different.
Diversity is the range of dance styles and dance activities.
Diversity is the right thing, but also the smart thing.
Diversity is the rule, with five life zones, and a thousand microclimates.
Diversity is the rule.
Diversity is the section that covers race and ethnicity, including news.
Diversity is the strength of the coalition, but their commonality is the glue.
Diversity is the strength that enables our mission.
Diversity is the stuff of life.
Diversity is the surest sign that communities and companies really get it .
Diversity is the term applied when more than one antenna or receiver is being used.
Diversity is the theme of the day and is being praised and encouraged.
Diversity is the thread running throughout the series.
Diversity is the watchword here.
Diversity is the watchword.
Diversity is the word that best describes life in Prince George's County, Maryland .
Diversity is the word that best describes life in Prince George's County.
Diversity is their reality.
Diversity is tied to genes , which are the basic units of heredity .
Diversity is to be continually affirmed, celebrated, and strengthened within the school.
Diversity is to be embraced and celebrated.
Diversity is to be respected and valued.
Diversity is to be respected.
Diversity is to be used in the performance evaluation process.
Diversity is to be valued and respected.
Diversity is to be valued.
Diversity is to be welcomed.
Diversity is to support which ever vocal ethnic group by putting down America.
Diversity is ultimately an individual choice.
Diversity is understood, celebrated, and accommodated.
Diversity is uniqueness.
Diversity is valuable and enriches community.
Diversity is valuable in and of itself.
Diversity is valued and embraced as a positive corporate attribute.
Diversity is valued and encouraged.
Diversity is valued and enriches our daily lives.
Diversity is valued and individual Christian beliefs are respected.
Diversity is valued and promoted in the workforce.
Diversity is valued here.
Diversity is valued, and the inherent worth of each individual is respected.
Diversity is valued.
Diversity is very fragile.
Diversity is very high and national endemism is extremely high in all major plant and animal groups.
Diversity is very important.
Diversity is very prevalent.
Diversity is viewed as a strength and is central in making the learning community effective.
Diversity is vital to the Neutopian world view.
Diversity is welcome.
Diversity is welcomed.
Diversity is well represented at every level.
Diversity is West Central Florida's strongest characteristic.
Diversity is what flavors our culture and gives it richness and beauty.
Diversity is what has made the society great.
Diversity is what it is all about.
Diversity is what Life is all about.
Diversity is what makes America great.
Diversity is what makes Austin unique.
Diversity is what makes life really exciting.
Diversity is what makes our society tolerable.
Diversity is what makes our state and country unique.
Diversity is what makes the computing landscape so powerful.
Diversity is what makes the world an interesting place.
Diversity is what makes the world interesting and wonderful.
Diversity is wonderful, but it makes it hard to share an experience.
Diversity is wonderful.
Diversity is, in fact, an anti-principle, that suffocates virtue.
Diversity is, therefore demanded in methodology.
Diversity isa heterogeneity.
Diversity just gives kids one more opportunity for labeling.
Diversity just makes it harder for judges ever to reach agreement on some things.
Diversity keeps the city alive.
Diversity leads to creativity.
Diversity leads to diversity.
Diversity leads to ecosystem productivity.
Diversity leads to productivity.
Diversity leads to strength.
Diversity leads to vast genetic potential.
Diversity lets the organism change with the rest of nature.
Diversity lies first and foremost in variety of opinions and ideas.
Diversity limits unity.
Diversity make up.
Diversity makes a better newspaper.
Diversity makes a business grows.
Diversity makes a sound business case.
Diversity makes American companies a lot stronger in the marketplace.
Diversity makes for a varied and interesting lifetime .
Diversity makes good business sense.
Diversity makes life more interesting.
Diversity makes our university stronger.
Diversity makes teams more productive.
Diversity makes the possibility of a roommate mis-match enormous.
Diversity makes the rainbow.
Diversity makes the task go much quicker.
Diversity makes the world what it is today.
Diversity matters a lot.
Diversity means a species can cope with different threats.
Diversity means building an organization that reflects the changing demographics of the work force.
Diversity means children from different economic backgrounds working and playing together every day.
Diversity means children from different kinds of families learning and growing together.
Diversity means differences.
Diversity means different things in different places, and on widely varying scales.
Diversity means different things to different people.
Diversity means inclusion.
Diversity means inefficiency.
Diversity means more than gender or ethnic differences.
Diversity means reciprocal enrichment.
Diversity means similarities.
Diversity means some offspring won t be as well adapted as parents.
Diversity means that both providers and consumers of services are represented.
Diversity means that every community has a distinct ideal planning solution.
Diversity means the fact or quailty of being diverse or different.
Diversity means there are a lot of jobs available and a certain degree of complimentarity.
Diversity means valuing people's differences.
Diversity means variety and variability.
Diversity means variety.
Diversity needs to be addressed, maintained, and respected.
Diversity needs to be in new goals.
Diversity nourishes the soul of our company-and truly great companies have souls.
Diversity now means conformity.
Diversity occurs among groups or organisms or species.
Diversity occurs in habitats.
Diversity occurs in regions.
Diversity occurs in tropical regions.
Diversity offers humankind a smorgasbord of options.
Diversity offers the spiritual gift of wholeness.
Diversity offers the widest range of options ever offered in a price-conscious console system.
Diversity opens up a variety of meanings of people can be.
Diversity pays off both internally and externally.
Diversity plays a central role in intellectual freedom and exchange.
Diversity plays a part in everyday business.
Diversity poses a threat to the organization's effective functioning.
Diversity poses both a challenge and opportunity for volunteer and staff association leaders.
Diversity presents contemporary colleges with intense challenges and immense opportunities.
Diversity produces the best decisions for our clients.
Diversity Promote a viable mixture of land uses, housing types and ways of circulating.
Diversity Promote the unique qualities of all students.
Diversity promotes discussion and learning from one another.
Diversity promotes innovation, which enhances competitive advantage.
Diversity promotes quality.
Diversity promotes understanding, sensitivity and respect .
Diversity provides a critical balance to all levels of collaborative efforts.
Diversity provides a cushion, both within the sectors and between economic divisions.
Diversity provides a rich learning environment.
Diversity provides a richer, more fertile working environment for creative thinking and innovation.
Diversity provides benefits.
Diversity provides best overall protection.
Diversity provides greater perspectives in problem solving.
Diversity provides growth.
Diversity provides incredible possibilities for growth and innovation in every aspect of society.
Diversity provides long term robustness and the ability to survive major system trauma.
Diversity provides non-toxic, sustainable crop protection against plant diseases and insect pests.
Diversity provides options.
Diversity provides potential benefits.
Diversity provides protection.
Diversity provides something else.
Diversity provides stability in times of change.
Diversity puts a car dealer one step ahead of the competition.
Diversity receives only lip service.
Diversity recognizes and respects individual differences.
Diversity reduces business risk.
Diversity reduces competition for scarce resources.
Diversity reduces isolation and exclusion and contributes to a healthy economic base.
Diversity reduces marketing and fulfillment costs.
Diversity refers to differences among learners, settings and outcomes.
Diversity refers to differences within individuals and groups within a time frame.
Diversity refers to gender, race, sexual orientation, and abilities.
Diversity refers to the amount of different types of life found in an area.
Diversity refers to the backgrounds and research interests of our students and faculty.
Diversity refers to the infinite, ever-changing variety of the world.
Diversity refers to the number of different plant species in a particular area.
Diversity refers to the number of species types in a community.
Diversity refers to the quantifiable differences that are observed in a given population.
Diversity refers to the variety of life.
Diversity refers to the wide range of individual attributes and skills people bring to their work.
Diversity refers to variability.
Diversity remains an elusive goal.
Diversity represents the world's biological and cultural heritage.
Diversity requires listening before judging.
Diversity rules even in gym class, where students perform American Indian dances.
Diversity scares many people.
Diversity seems to be only skin deep in Traverse City.
Diversity seems to be splitting non-White students into different corners of the campus.
Diversity sees racial difference as a cause for celebration.
Diversity sets a developmental process in motion.
Diversity simply is.
Diversity sneaks back in after all.
Diversity sounds very much like a live album with great sound separation.
Diversity starts with recruiting.
Diversity stems farther than skin color.
Diversity still exists for indigenous ghaiya landraces.
Diversity stimulates creativity, as does divergence of opinion.
Diversity stimulates expansion and flexibility which are the hallmarks of our program.
Diversity strengthens both ecosystem and movements.
Diversity strengthens corporate reputation.
Diversity strengthens our institutions and our pedagogy.
Diversity strengthens physical, chemical, biological, and human systems.
Diversity strengthens the organization.
Diversity stretches our understanding.
Diversity supports a wide variety of fish and wildlife species.
Diversity takes children to a friendly family place.
Diversity takes the discussion into the realm of responsibility.
Diversity takes work.
Diversity tends to be both our strongest and weakest quality.
Diversity tends to be greatest at low latitudes and low elevations.
Diversity tends to reduce cohesion and increase conflict.
Diversity tends to stabilize the market as cherries are marketed over a longer period of time.
Diversity tends toward higher forms, uniformity toward dullness and extinction.
Diversity transcends race and gender.
Diversity truly does have a place in education.
Diversity walks a thin line in the United States.
Diversity wants freedom and unity wants control.
Diversity works well only in large, powerful states or empires.
Diversity works when members want to serve a common purpose.
Diversity yields richer possibilities and participation unites.
Diversity frequently conflicts with choice, and choice is generally afforded greater value.
Diversity sometimes means division.
More diversity means more differences of opinion.
Most diversity contributes to development.
Most diversity creates many opportunity.
Most diversity creates opportunity.
Most diversity drives evolution.
Most diversity has effects.
Most diversity improves productivity.
Most diversity increases chances.
Most diversity is generated at the gene level.
Most diversity leads to diversity.
Most diversity leads to ecosystem productivity.
Most diversity leads to productivity.
Most diversity occurs in habitats.
Most diversity occurs in northeast Brazil and Paraguay and in west and south Mexico.
Most diversity occurs in regions.
Most diversity occurs in tropical regions.
Most diversity provides benefits.
Most diversity provides best overall protection.
Most diversity provides options.
Most diversity provides potential benefits.
Most diversity provides protection.
Most diversity refers to variability.
Some diversity affects ability.
Some diversity affects biodiversity.
Some diversity changes patterns.
Some diversity enhances opportunity.
Some diversity has components.
Some diversity has primary components.
Some diversity has spatial components.
Some diversity is generated at the protein level.
Some diversity is good, and some bad.
Some diversity is good, but too much is bad.
Some diversity is required, or firms have nothing to learn from their partners.
Some diversity leads to growth.
Some diversity provides important resources.
Some diversity provides resources.
Some diversity reflects assessments.
Some diversity requires samples.
Diverted flows have an negligible impact on outflows from the dam during a flood event.
Diverted traffic is existing trips reallocated to a different time, route, or destination.
Diverticular disease is thought to be caused by long-standing constipation.
Diverticular disease is very common in the United States.
Diverticular hemorrhage is usually massive but self-limited.
Most diverticular pouches are painless.
Diverticulitis pain is usually in the lower left quadrant.
A diverticulitis is a symptom
Diverticulitis occurs if a diverticulum becomes infected.
Diverticulitis presents with left lower abdominal pain and fever.
A diverticulosis is pathology
Diverticulosis affects more women than men and becomes more common with increasing age.
Diverticulosis can also cause a lot of painless bleeding from the rectum.
Diverticulosis can also cause painless bleeding from the rectum.
Diverticulosis can occur in the lower bowel.
Diverticulosis can sometimes result in pain only without fever or other signs of infection.
Diverticulosis has a similar presentation, but is more acute in nature.
Diverticulosis is a common condition affecting both men and women.
Diverticulosis is a common condition.
Diverticulosis is a condition in which small sacs of intestinal lining bulge outward at weak spots.
Diverticulosis is a condition in which tiny pouches form within the wall of the bowel.
Diverticulosis is a condition rather than a disease.
Diverticulosis is a condition wherein small bulges or sacks are created in the walls of the colon.
Diverticulosis is a condition, rather than a disease.
Diverticulosis is a disease where pockets form in the large intestine.
Diverticulosis is a disorder in which pouches form in the colon.
Diverticulosis is a pouchlike protrusion or bulge of the large intestine.
Diverticulosis is also common.
Diverticulosis is an anatomical condition found frequently in the elderly.
Diverticulosis is an uncommon and serious problem.
Diverticulosis is common in nations where fiber intake is low.
Diverticulosis is dangerous only if the diverticula become infected or bleed.
Diverticulosis is suspected when symptoms such as rectal bleeding or diverticulitis are present.
Diverticulosis is the condition of having diverticula present.
Diverticulosis is the condition of having diverticula.
Diverticulosis is the condition of having weak areas or outpouchings in the wall of the colon.
Diverticulosis is the condition of having weak areas or pouches in the wall of the colon.
Diverticulosis is the presence of weak areas or pouches in the wall of the large intestine.
Diverticulosis is thought to be a slow process which can develop insidiously over years.
Diverticulosis is thought to be caused by a diet that is low in fiber.
Diverticulosis is where the large intestine gets sluggish, clogged, and quits pulsing properly.
Diverticulosis occurs when small pouches bulge out in the colon at certain weak points or spots.
Diverticulosises are diseases.
Diverticulosises are pathology.
Diverticulosis often presents with abdominal pain, excessive flatulence, and irregular defecation.
Diverticulosis usually develops as a result of inadequate dietary fiber.
A divertimento is a piece
Divertimento is of much value to the field of music education.
Dives sites vary considerably from approx.
A divestiture is court order
Divestiture eliminates the opportunity to use their formal relationships for strategic purposes.
Divestiture has the most damaging effects with respect to market share and revenue retention.
Divestiture increases business opportunities for telecommunications equipment suppliers.
Divestiture is permanent.
Divestiture is the company's move from a weak to a stronger market.
Divestiture is the process of selling or spinning off aspects of business lines.
Divestitures are court order.
Divestitures are exciting and have worked in the past, but it's now clearly the wrong way to go.
Divestitures are removings.
Divestitures are sales.
Divide money amounts using whole number divisors.
Divide office expenses equitably among all agents.
A divide is a line
Divide asters regularly to ensure they remain healthy and floriferous.
Divide cans up into sets of four, one of each mesh size per set.
Divide clumps at least every three years.
Divide clumps regularly.
Divide clumps three or four years after planting.
Divide files up into smaller files.
Divide irises any time between a month after flowering until early fall.
Divide mint every few years.
Divide participants up into groups, so that each group of people is scheduled to the same session.
Divide participants up into regional groups according to the percentage of the world's population.
Divide popcorn into two parts and lay on two greased cookie sheets.
Divide raspberries between four serving dishes.
Divide raspberries evenly in muffin pans.
Divide raspberry shrimp mixture among avocado halves, filling to overflowing.
Divide rhizomes in early spring.
Divide shake between two glasses and serve immediately.
Divide shrimp evenly among pastry shells.
Divide shrimp evenly among shells.
Divide shrimp evenly and arrange on top of greens.
Divide sprouts between crepes, spreading evenly.
Divide work equally in groups.
Divide work into manageable parts before delegating.
Divides are disagreements.
Divides follow ridges and hill tops.
Divides objects into bright and faint for classification purposes.
Divides shield into two parts.
Divides slices automatically.
Some divides are very high with steep slopes, like the Rocky Mountains.
Divided attention implies less concentration on legal practice and the law is a jealous mistress.
Divided attention is a needed skill to open even a third message window and start one there.
Divided attention is no longer a concern.
Divided attention is reletively inefficient.
Divided attention is the ability to process two or more stimuli at once and respond appropriately.
Divided government does impede the efforts of presidents from the free-trading party to liberalize.
Divided government is back.
Divided government is one of the central problems of our time.
A divided highway is a highway
Divided highways have a center strip that separates traffic going in opposite directions.
Divided parties are unelectable.
Divided power protects representatives from being held accountable.
Divided powers require institutional cooperation to formulate public policy.
Divided rectangles indicate allele-specific DNA methylation.
Divided responsibility means that no one is responsible.
Divided wells keep baits separated and raise baits above water.
Divideds are television shows.
Dividend cover shows how much after-tax profit is being used to finance dividends.
Dividend imputation affects the valuation of the sharemarket for taxable investors.
Dividend policy plays an important role as a signalling device.
Dividend policy produces a similar trade-off.
Dividend yield compares the amount of cash paid to shareholders with the latest price of the stock.
Dividend yield is a very important component of total return.
Dividend yield is calculated by dividing the dividend by the stock price.
Dividend yield is defined as the annual dividend payout divided by the average price of the stock.
Dividend yield refers to the value of the dividend paid, divided by the value of the stock.
Dividend yields are at historic lows and the yields from many funds are nil.
Dividend yields are sharply below their historic average.
Dividend yields continue to shrink as fixed income yields drop.
Dividend yields tend to be low.
A dividend is profits
Dividend indicates the amount paid per share.
Dividend is labeled for partial control of the seed-borne phase of the disease.
Dividend is paid during the term of the contract.
Dividend is taxable in the year it is paid out.
Dividend is the total for the year.
Dividend looks interesting.
Dividend refers to the dividend paid during the period.
Dividends accrue according to plan chosen.
Dividends accrue daily and are paid during the first week of the following month.
Dividends accrue daily and post monthly.
Dividends accumulate if any are missed.
Dividends act as an economic development incentive for the business community.
Dividends affect the share price and, as such, they impact the price of the convert.
Dividends also represent a sign of management's confidence about the future.
Dividends also serve as a protective cushion when the overall market is declining.
Dividends also work very well for JIAs that are assessable .
Dividends are a frequent source of misunderstanding.
Dividends are a one-time return of premium based on recent claims experience.
Dividends are a one-time return of premium based on recent financial results.
Dividends are a payout of a portion of a company's earnings to a stockholder.
Dividends are a portion of after-tax profits paid to shareholders by corporations.
Dividends are a return of premiums.
Dividends are a share of profits.
Dividends are a share of the profits of the company.
Dividends are also a big help when the market declines.
Dividends are an enormous part of the stock market's return over time.
Dividends are an important source of investment income for many members.
Dividends are an incentive for investors to hold stocks.
Dividends are another benefit with some stocks.
Dividends are another key difference between stock and option trading.
Dividends are bonuses.
Dividends are cash payments made to the owners or stockholders of the company.
Dividends are community property.
Dividends are desirable for people who want income from their investments.
Dividends are distributions of a company s profit or earnings back to the company s shareholders.
Dividends are distributions of assets to the owners of the corporation.
Dividends are down the road with the freshmen and sophomores getting experience.
Dividends are earnings from a company that are distributed to individual investors.
Dividends are earnings paid to members' share accounts.
Dividends are either ordinary income or return of capital.
Dividends are exempt from tax.
Dividends are for retirees.
Dividends are free from federal income tax.
Dividends are historically half the return, get high yielding, blue chip stocks.
Dividends are in principle taxable as an ordinary income.
Dividends are negative when they exceed earnings in the period.
Dividends are net incomes.
Dividends are net.
Dividends are numbers.
Dividends are only available for unconsolidated earnings.
Dividends are out of favor compared to stock buybacks.
Dividends are part of the profits that the company divides among the investors.
Dividends are payable at the same rate as a regular share account.
Dividends are payable from the net profits of an agency.
Dividends are payments made by corporations on earnings.
Dividends are payments of part of a company's earnings to people who hold stock in the company.
Dividends are per-share payments to shareholders, usually paid four times a year.
Dividends are quarterly payments to share-holders made by many companies.
Dividends are shares of corporate profits paid to the stockholders of public companies.
Dividends are subject to change without notice.
Dividends are taken out, lowering the cash balance and retained earnings in the business.
Dividends are tax free.
Dividends are taxable, but capital appreciation result in no tax until the stock is actually sold.
Dividends are taxable.
Dividends are the claim on future goods.
Dividends are the only way to distribute national income without work or welfare and taxation.
Dividends are usually as sign of solid cash earnings.
Dividends are variable the first of each month and paid at the end of each month.
Dividends are wonderful, but they carry a high price tag when compared to capital gains.
Dividends become more important as the markets swing like today.
Dividends begin to accrue on the first business day the deposit is received.
Dividends begin when declared .
Dividends can account for a large percentage of the total investment return.
Dividends can also be a way to generate income.
Dividends can also offer a clue as to where management thinks a company's earnings are headed.
Dividends can be a good indicator of corporate health.
Dividends can be an important part of a stock's total return.
Dividends can be an important part of total return.
Dividends can focus people's attention on ownership and, in ESOPs, can provide unique tax benefits.
Dividends carries no self-serving editorial.
Dividends compound and post monthly based on actual daily balances.
Dividends compound daily and are paid monthly.
Dividends compound monthly.
Dividends compound quarterly and are paid quarterly.
Dividends compound quarterly.
Dividends count as UK income.
Dividends create double taxation, so paying salaries is wise from a tax standpoint.
Dividends Define cash dividend and stock dividend.
Dividends depend on the company's operative performance.
Dividends Distributed are Deemed Made from Most Recently Accumulated Profits.
Dividends here are the projected annual dividends based on the last dividend paid.
Dividends includes information about research, faculty, programs, and students.
Dividends increase the attractiveness of holding stock rather than buying calls and holding cash.
Dividends is the portion that is distributed to the stockholders.
Dividends paid on the account are taxable, most likely at a preferred tax rate.
Dividends pay quarterly.
Dividends provide a modicum of defense against market declines.
Dividends provide ballast in good and especially in bad markets.
Dividends received by a parent company are subject to the ordinary income taxes of the home state.
Dividends reduce premiums, resulting in lower premiums for the insured.
Dividends reduce retained earnings.
Dividends represent a portion of the company s profits.
Dividends tend to remain stable throughout the year.
Dividends transferred abroad are subject to a ten percent withholding tax.
Dividends typically are a few dollars per share per quarter.
All dividends go back into the pool.
All dividends paid to the foundation go to pesticide research.
All dividends vary according to economic conditions.
Any dividends earned are, of course, taxable.
More Dividends Find the date of dividend payment.
Most dividends are taxable.
A divider is an instrument
Divider also features a zippered pocket for storing valuables.
Divider goes along the full length of the bag.
Divider nails to the front of the stall.
Divider separates food or can be removed to create a dish for bigger appetites.
Dividers are capable of separate rooms.
Dividers are custom engineered to fit specific quartzware.
Dividers are located in binders.
Dividers are located in cabinets.
Dividers are located in living rooms.
Dividers are located in math classes.
Dividers are located in notebooks.
Dividers are located in office suites.
Dividers are located in offices.
Dividers are located in rooms.
Dividers are located in streets.
Dividers are people.
Dividers are the key Each divider has a different function, resulting in a different divider length.
Dividers are used for divides.
Dividers are used for sorting.
Dividers are useful in measuring distances on charts.
Dividers feature a chrome-plated finish.
Dividers fit securely in slots for partitioning.
Dividers help keep males from claiming extra compartments, and can double occupancy rates.
Dividers keep items from sliding.
Dividers Offers four gourmet seed compartments instead of one.
Dividing cell are much more subject to mutations that quiescent cells.
Dividing cells are cells.
Dividing cells are relatively small .
Dividing cells are the usual target.
Dividing Creek is a prime area for song birds.
Divination also works in determining if something is medically wrong with a pet.
Divination has a forum within.
Divination is a forecasting
Divination is a form of sympathetic magic.
Divination is a more sophisticated form of augury.
Divination is a popular form of traditional religion.
Divination is a type of intuition.
Divination is a way of revealing spiritual qualities about the Flow of Nature.
Divination is an ancient tradition, with about as many forms as there are cultures in the world.
Divination is another one of their talents.
Divination is by examining the reaction of the soil to symbols traced within it.
Divination is different from fortune-telling.
Divination is guesses.
Divination is human activities.
Divination is more of an art than anything else.
Divination is more ritual, usually religious.
Divination is often a tool of traditional healers, shamans and mystics.
Divination is practiced through Koranic readings.
Divination is prophecy.
Divination is still popular with many people in the United States today.
Divination is supposed to predict what is going to happen in the future.
Divination is that roadmap.
Divination is the art of foretelling the future using occult knowledge or supernatural power.
Divination is the art of getting insight into the patterns and movements of meaning in life.
Divination is the false gift of prophecy.
Divination is used to determine the site of each new settlement.
Divination means having dealings with supra-normal spirits or forces to get knowledge and power.
Divination persists to the present day in crystal gazing, palmistry, fortune-telling, and astrology.
Divinations are in silver ore.
Divinations usually revolve around a question asked by the subject.
All Divinations Welcome.
Divine action takes place in a prayer treatment to bring about healing through the spiritual.
Divine activity intrudes into our lives in such a mundane, physical way.
Divine archetypes are patterns of consciousness.
Divine authority is no exception.
Divine authority is, qualitatively, the decisive factor.
Divine being is explained as human invention.
Divine births take place immediately without the nine months weary course of mortal gestation.
Divine births take place immediately.
Divine bounty blesses our earthly attempts at spirituality.
Divine coherency is demonstrated.
Divine coincidence is one strand of the fabric of existence.
Divine commandments create a framework of direction and ethics.
Divine consciousness is the true life which enlightens human minds.
Divine conviction grips people everywhere.
Divine creation is vital to the Christian religion.
Divine decrees imply divine desires as well.
Divine directives are both perfect and compatible to every age and era.
Divine dreams are another matter.
Divine election is a very humbling, and, at the same time, a very encouraging and blessed doctrine.
Divine energy is the morale that comes from developing relations with the supernatural.
Divine enthusiasm is no respecter of persons or things.
Divine entities die.
Divine experiences are outside of time and space.
Divine favor stands behind the gift given.
Divine forbearance is seen.
Divine forces seem to be manipulating the story throughout.
Divine foreknowledge is the background of foreordination.
Divine forgiveness destroys human sin.
Divine forgiveness is a possibility for every man, woman, and child.
Divine forgiveness is incomprehensible.
Divine forgiveness is the execution of the penalty, and that penalty is death.
Divine good is the hand from the shore.
Divine good takes the place of depression.
Divine grace can flourish in the world, only when the infidel is banished from history.
Divine grace can make the coward brave.
Divine grace comes down like the dew, and waters the church without noise.
Divine grace is able to subdue every lust, conquer every prejudice, surmount every difficulty.
Divine grace is expressed as justice with compassion, and judgment with mercy.
Divine grace is irresistible.
Divine grace is the efficient cause, human agency the responding effect.
Divine guidance comes only through the Watchtower.
Divine guidance comes supremely in such hours of insight.
Divine guidance is knowledge
Divine guidance is limited by the conditions of the world.
Divine guidance is offered to every believer who accepts it.
Divine guidance is perhaps the most important rediscovery of the movement.
Divine healing is a beautiful part of life.
Divine healing is always our best option.
Divine healing is an integral part of the gospel.
Divine healing is an integral part of the message of deliverance.
Divine healing is at hand.
Divine healing is provided for all in the atonement.
Divine health comes from a divine source.
Divine health is a reality for the believer.
Divine history is put on pause, and has been ever since then.
Divine ideation passes from the abstract to the concrete or visible form.
Every divine influence tends to the rounded perfection of the whole.
Divine inspiration can, in no case, come to such a man.
Divine inspiration extends equally and fully to all parts of the original writings.
Divine inspiration is a redundancy.
Divine inspiration is a spiritual reality.
Divine inspiration is about to change all that.
Divine intelligence is in the heart.
Divine intervention goes only so far.
Divine intervention is relegated to the background.
Divine intervention leads to the statue being brought to life and to a happy ending.
Divine intervention nurtures the flame and it shines.
Divine involvement is seen in the belief of the truth.
Divine judgment has an entirely different aim.
Divine judgment is inevitable, and therefore, hope can be found in penance and contrition.
Divine justice is characterized by rahmah.
Divine laughter is helpless laughter.
A divine law is a law
Divine law has little, if any, influence over our society today.
Divine law is higher than the laws of men.
Divine law knows no time and no space.
Divine law requires the couple to stay together until death, even if they have no children.
Divine laws are few and they are simple.
Divine laws are laws.
All divine law is fulfilled by love.
Divine legislation can favour no one.
Divine legislation looks at the society as a whole seeking to maximize benefit.
Divine life requires divine parents.
Divine life takes no cognizance of the laws that the intellect has set up for governing it.
Divine light can descend only when the mind is serene and cheerful.
Divine love conquers all and enlarges the powers of the soul.
Divine love embraces all levels of thought and action.
Divine love happens where faith in Jesus happens.
Divine love has no physical representation.
Divine love is at work always, even in the ordinary circumstances of daily life.
Divine love is completely selfless.
Divine love is far different from human love.
Divine love is kind and suffereth long.
Divine love is non-judgemental.
Divine love is reflected by human love in the biblical illustration of bride and bridegroom.
Divine love is self-giving love.
Divine love is selfless love.
Divine love is so much deeper than human love.
Divine love is square one.
Divine love is the balance between justice and mercy.
Divine love is the opposite of selfishness.
Divine love is unassailable to the onslaughts of duality and it is an expression of divinity itself.
Divine love is unconditional love.
Divine love knows no duality, no right or wrong, no good or evil.
Divine love offers acceptance to men just as they are.
Divine love pays the price for man's redemption.
Divine love produces ecstasy.
Divine love requires a yielding and yes, surrender.
Divine love requires no response, no reciprocation.
Divine mercy is tender and soothing.
Divine mind is the spirit or all that is.
Divine motherhood is a mystery of contemplation.
Divine motherhood is also a mystery of real motherhood.
Divine music being the language of the spirit transcends all barriers.
Divine nature is a Heavenly thing.
Divine omnipotence is always compatible with a right thing done in a right way.
Divine omniscience is a comforting doctrine.
Divine order is higher than the plight of fallen man.
Divine order is the first law of the universe.
Divine passion is passion for truth.
Divine perfection is infinite, therefore the progress of the soul is also infinite.
Divine perfection is perfection in all powers and mysteries.
Divine persuasion replaces omnipotence.
Divine power engages human energy in the one work of church gathering.
Divine power gives the believer confidence or spiritual self-esteem.
Divine power is demonstrated and appropriated.
Divine power is in persuasion rather than coercion, of love rather than of compulsion.
Divine power is inexhaustible, and can accomplish whatever it determines to do.
Divine power is infallible.
Divine power is responsible for the growth of the body.
Divine power is spread everywhere . . .
Divine power seems to be negligible.
Divine powers are quick to correct excess pride.
Divine promotion is always fair.
Divine punishment is itself the cure for their ills, the path of repentance.
Divine purpose stands of itself, independently of any human involvement.
Divine qualities are therefore purely subjective.
Divine religions declare that none can be.
Divine resources are available.
Divine retribution is real.
Divine salvation is a supernatural work which produces supernatural effects.
Divine satisfaction is irrelevant.
A divine service is a religious ritual
Divine service is always well attended at the parish church.
Divine service is always well attended.
Divine service is performed, contrary to usual custom, in the nave, the chancel being entirely open.
Divine sovereignty is a central theme of Christian worship.
Divine sovereignty is never at odds with the call for passionate prayer.
Divine spells are also divided up by domain.
Divine substance is supply.
Divine timing is a part of the virtue of predestination and virtue brings capacity.
Divine timing is everything.
Divine utterance ii.
Divine viewpoint is always the winning side.
Divine virtues build spiritual character and are, in truth, the measure of human worth.
Divine wisdom gives meaning to man's life.
Divine wisdom is invaluable advantage.
Divine wisdom is laced with sweat melodious fragrance.
Divine wisdom is laced with sweet melodious fragrance.
Divine wisdom is pure grace, pure gift.
Divine wisdom teaches the value of peace.
Divine word is all but absent from modern social thought.
Divine words are absolute, but their human understanding is relative.
A diviner is a seer
Diviner announces omen and leads folk in meditation on household and personal needs.
Diviners are for wusses.
Diviners are often believers in various cult matters, such as faith-healing and spiritualism.
Diviners are visionaries.
Diviners play is opening soon.
Diviners serve as go-betweens for humans and spirits.
Diviners serve the people for good.
Every diviner passes the rod to the new apprentice.
Most diviners are men while most mediums are women.
Diving accidents are frequent even though no statistics are available locally.
Diving animals are more elastic - compressability in whales.
Diving ants come to the rescue by seizing and removing overly large prey.
Diving birds are a sure sign there are Bluefish in the area.
A diving board is a springboard
Diving board is closed.
Diving boards are also available.
Diving boards are located in swimming pools.
Diving boards are springboards.
Diving boards are to be used in a safe manner at all times.
Most diving centers have one or two small boats.
A diving duck is a duck
Diving ducks are birds.
Diving ducks are ducks.
Diving ducks are more dignified.
Diving ducks dive deep to get their food .
Diving ducks dive deep to get their food.
Diving ducks face the strongly cooling properties of aquatic environments.
Diving ducks have a lobed hallux and lack iridescence in the speculum.
Diving ducks spend their time in large, deep lakes and rivers.
Diving ducks use their lamellae to catch and hold freshwater shrimp and other invertebrates.
Diving equipment has very specific requirements for repair and servicing.
Diving equipment is available on dive excursions, which include overnight diving and camping trips.
Diving equipment is included in the course.
Diving equipment is life support equipment to the seas and for the most part it is mechanical.
Diving equipment is provided at a minimal fee if available.
Diving equipment is provided.
Diving equipment needs little in the way of servicing.
All diving equipment is available for hire.
Diving gear is available on request.
Diving gear is usually non-returnable.
Diving gears are easily available from water sports desks.
Diving medicine is a very small and specialised field.
Some diving photos are here .
Diving planes are at full vertical to prevent damage as the sub surfaces.
A diving suit is a clothing
Diving suits help insulate the diver from the cold temperature of the water.
Diving supervisors learn the readiness concept of diving teams.
Diving tower is restricted to authorized users.
Diving  fallings.
Diving allows a person to enter another world hidden to most.
Diving are matchs.
Diving are sports.
Diving are used for competition.
Diving are used for covers.
Diving are used for divers.
Diving are used for exercises.
Diving are used for exploration.
Diving are used for food gathering.
Diving are used for fun.
Diving are used for pearl.
Diving are used for pleasure.
Diving are used for recreation.
Diving are used for relaxation.
Diving are used for working.
Diving attracts more spectators in China than any other activity.
Diving becomes a family activity as well.
Diving becomes more comfortable and hassle-free.
Diving becomes more dangerous as depth increases, and deep diving presents many hazards .
Diving can be for everyone.
Diving can be great any month of the year.
Diving can be strenuous under certain conditions.
Diving can have an impact too.
Diving cause bends.
Diving cause death.
Diving cause exhilaration.
Diving cause fallings.
Diving cause spinal injuries.
Diving cause splashs.
Diving cause splats.
Diving deeper can also worsen the damage.
Diving has a smokescreen for a language.
Diving has tremendous value .
Diving here goes hand in hand with boating.
Diving here is a privilege, so please take it seriously.
Diving here is phenomenal.
Diving here is recommended for experienced divers only, due to the depth of the canyon.
Diving here is recommended only for the most experienced divers.
Diving here is shallow and visibility can often be disappointing.
Diving here requires trimix.
Diving includes tanks and weights and fishing includes boat and guide.
Diving is a big part of many of their trips .
Diving is a burgeoning sport in the area along with para sailing and windsurfing.
Diving is a constant learning curve.
Diving is a dangerous sport.
Diving is a favorite activity for visitors.
Diving is a healthy pursuit, and nowhere near as dangerous as the uninitiated think.
Diving is a job for some and a hobby for others, either way keeping a dive log is critical.
Diving is a key part of the program.
Diving is a lifestyle and an adventure.
Diving is a non scored event.
Diving is a popular hobby, and there is a facility for diving holidays on the island.
Diving is a popular sport here as well.
Diving is a potentially dangerous activity.
Diving is a recreational activity.
Diving is a risk sport.
Diving is a self-regulated sport in Canada.
Diving is a social activity, so the buddy system is more than a safety rule.
Diving is a social sport.
Diving is a sport that is better performed when the athlete is relaxed.
Diving is a sport which can be enjoyed by both men and women.
Diving is a strenuous sport.
Diving is a very complicated skill and many children are afraid of it.
Diving is a very hard sport to get a medal in.
Diving is a wonderful sensation of peace and calm.
Diving is a worldwide hobby.
Diving is accomplished by moving further from the shore.
Diving is adventurous, challenging, and healthy.
Diving is all about consistency.
Diving is also a family sport, better still it is a sport where genetics play a very important role.
Diving is also a sport.
Diving is also available.
Diving is also extremely popular here.
Diving is also good.
Diving is also popular as a non-competitive activity.
Diving is also popular, with excellent visibilty, marine habitats plus fish and plant diversity .
Diving is also possible at quite a number of other villages.
Diving is also very enjoyable.
Diving is an additional cost.
Diving is an additional duty for each team member.
Diving is an additional duty.
Diving is an adventure sport and with it comes inherent risks.
Diving is an all year round sport as ideal weather conditions can practically be guaranteed.
Diving is an eco-tourism activity that is increasing as well.
Diving is an experience that is always brand new.
Diving is an extra charge.
Diving is an important hunting behavior.
Diving is an important tourist activity, connected to time-crucial medical emergencies.
Diving is an internationally recognized sport that is part of the Olympic Games .
Diving is arranged with independent professional operators.
Diving is as varied as is the marine life, which has an abundance of species.
Diving is assisted by fast skiffs and well-trained friendly diving instructors.
Diving is available to anyone with reasonable fitness.
Diving is average nothing special, but they do have two good shipwrecks.
Diving is best during the winter months due to the greater visibility.
Diving is best here at high tide as the reefs are exposed at low tide.
Diving is big.
Diving is by day boat from the hotel.
Diving is certainly safer than driving a car.
Diving is compulsory when around the Red Sea.
Diving is deeply rooted in a number of countries that, in turn, have dominated the sport.
Diving is definietly a strong point for China.
Diving is different than, say, a team sport.
Diving is done from a skiff, which makes entries and exits easy and safe.
Diving is done from the main boat - no chase boat rides.
Diving is done from the main boat and from two inflatable dinghies.
Diving is done in mother ship fashion.
Diving is easier because their skull is narrower, making the neck longer and better for diving.
Diving is easily accessible and fascinating in the amount of variety of coral and fishlife.
Diving is easy and fun.
Diving is easy, fun and safe when done properly.
Diving is enjoyable , relaxing , and done in complete comfort and safety.
Diving is enjoyable throughout the year.
Diving is enjoyable, relaxing and done in complete comfort and safety.
Diving is enjoyed and supported around the world.
Diving is especially fine in winter with water at the highest visibility.
Diving is excellent off the southern tip of the atoll.
Diving is excellent, fishing superb.
Diving is excellent.
Diving is exciting, thrilling, calming and relaxing all at the same time.
Diving is Fiji is fabulous.
Diving is from R.I.B.s which gives total flexibility when choosing sites .
Diving is from the mother ship and is well set up for the novice and technical divers.
Diving is generally a sport of injured gymnasts.
Diving is good for advanced and novice divers.
Diving is great as well snorkeling or just plain ol beach combing.
Diving is great though.
Diving is great.
Diving is humanity's way of returning to it.
Diving is illegal in a few towns and counties.
Diving is inherently dangerous.
Diving is introduced.
Diving is just about to get under way.
Diving is just as spectacular as ever.
Diving is key.
Diving is life . .
Diving is like mountaineering.
Diving is limited to the deep end of the pool only.
Diving is meant to be about fun and adventure.
Diving is no different.
Diving is on the docket, and the camera catches the beauty under the sea.
Diving is on the Olympics now.
Diving is one of our specialities.
Diving is one of the events in a swim meet.
Diving is one of the most exciting activities one can ever experience.
Diving is one of the most popular Olympic sports with spectators.
Diving is one of the most popular outdoor sports.
Diving is one of the world's most popular water sports, and can be both exhilarating and peaceful.
Diving is permissible from shore only, no boats, propulsion vehicles, etc.
Diving is permitted at slack tide on the bay side of the park only.
Diving is permitted in the deep end of the pool only.
Diving is permitted only in designated areas.
Diving is popular all year round at all dive sites around Thailand.
Diving is popular due to the abundant marine life.
Diving is popular on the peninsula, owing to the many wrecks in the lake.
Diving is popular, and diving courses are in abundance.
Diving is popular, but the ocean temperature is usually too cold for swimming.
Diving is possible all year round although the visibility varies.
Diving is probably the most dangerous thing one can do in a pool.
Diving is relaxing, action-packed, tranquil, adrenaline pumping, adventurous.
Diving is restricted to free diving with the use of a Hawaiian sling.
Diving is set apart from snorkeling in that it is also a competitive sport.
Diving is simple.
Diving is suitable for beginners through technical experts.
Diving is supervised by our resident dive instructor.
Diving is the fastest-growing activity, but divers are taught to respect the reefs.
Diving is the main attraction here.
Diving is the only true way to see all of the treasures of the Bay.
Diving is the perfect sport for anyone who loves tumbling, as well as the water.
Diving is the same, some of the gear is the same, but that's where it ends.
Diving is the ultimate escape from reality deifying the lows of gravity.
Diving is through a private concession at the station.
Diving is uncrowded and personal attention is assured.
Diving is unquestionably spectacular.
Diving is usually best in the late spring and summer.
Diving is very good as fish populations, particularly numbers of young, continue to grow.
Diving is very popular in the area and tours can be arranged.
Diving is very popular.
Diving is wonderful here and with real tropical island magic.
Diving is wonderful.
Diving Learn about the different dive retailers.
Diving offers a great change of scenery.
Diving offers beauty, challenge, and excitement.
Diving offers something for everyone.
Diving offers the protection of the dark ocean bottom where they can hide.
Diving offers unique views of the coral reefs and shipwrecks.
Diving operates all year round.
Diving packages a speciality.
Diving provides many opportunities to observe and interact with the creatures of the sea.
Diving represents a huge part of tourism revenues.
Diving requires a special anatomy of the airway entrances and a very refined control of breathing.
Diving takes a great deal of mental discipline.
Diving takes a lot of hard work and dedication.
Diving takes place on a rotational basis, with two divers down at a time.
Diving teaches kids about long-term commitment and delayed gratification.
Diving when enjoyed within the perimeter of generally accepted rules is considered to be safe.
Diving always offers the unexpected.
Diving often involves exotic locations.
All diving involves risk.
All diving is done from boats since most sites are some distance offshore.
All diving is done from large zodiacs which remain on site or down current during the dive.
All diving is done out of an excellent, on-island shop.
All diving is done via computer.
All diving is from high speed skiff.
All diving is performed in real-life, open water training facilities.
Most diving is done from inflatables, which are safely boarded in calm water.
Most diving is done from the dive deck with an aluminum chase boat used when necessary.
Most diving is drift diving, which is is easy and beautiful.
Divinities obviously speak in verse.
Divinities wear lots of eyeliner.
Divinity alone can take in desire and be unaffected.
Divinity can be perfectly natural, and most pantheists believe that it is.
Divinity exists as much in a stone.
Divinity is a bit tricky to make, but the results can b e spectacular.
Divinity is a crystalline candy but is a special case as the crystals are dispersed in a foam.
Divinity is a curious, well-composed frame.
Divinity is a function of emergent evolution.
Divinity is a relativity in the march of history.
Divinity is a spiritual being
Divinity is a subject of immense variety.
Divinity is all pervading.
Divinity is all powerful, and nothing is greater than it.
Divinity is always new and always surprising, and always creating.
Divinity is always present when a person lives a spiritual life.
Divinity is immanent.
Divinity is just as likely to manifest itself as female.
Divinity is Love energy in physical form.
Divinity is quality.
Divinity is seen as immanent.
Divinity is self-proclaimed.
Divinity is the chief raw material out of which gods have been fashioned.
Divinity is the magnet.
Divinity is the study of religion or theology.
Divinity is there.
Divinity is within each.
Divinity means the undivided essence.
Divinity wants to rule our lives.
All divinity is forgotten.
A divisibility is quality
Divisibility is excluded for the same reason.
Some divisibility results for the cyclotomic class number.
Division bells are only for convenience of members.
Division of labor affects the positions of men and women within the economic sphere.
Division of labor allows individual workers more ability to perform a job.
Division of labor applies to the freedom movement, too.
Division of labor begins within the family.
Division of labor can result in overspecialization.
Division of labor implies specialization of economic activity.
Division of labor is an ugly term.
Division of labor is another answer.
Division of labor is determined simply by who is more talented in each particular task.
Division of labor is extreme among the bees.
Division of labor is for the good of everyone.
Division of labor is more efficient.
Division of labor is much more efficient.
Division of labor is one of the most obvious ways.
Division of labor is taken into account . . .
Division of labor is well-marked between the worker subcastes.
Division of labor refers to assigning different workers to different tasks.
Division of labor starts very young.
Division of labour is established.
Division of labour is seen even within a single cell.
Division of property is a discretionary determination.
Division of property is strictly between the people getting divorced.
Division algebras with no common subfields.
Division amuse over one confidence also jam Cheap computer hardware.
Division amuse over one confidence also jam The internet public library.
Division appears to round correctly.
Division applies to paradigms, cultures, ways of life and ways of applying km.
Division are part of the campaign.
Division breaks a whole into parts.
Division breeds skepticism, unbelief and death.
Division brings about destruction.
Division buy sell telephone.
Division can take from four to eight times as long as the other operations.
Division comes when the commandments of men are preferred to the teaching of the New Covenant.
Division comes when there no leadership and everything becomes chaotic.
Division conducts annual reviews of it's rates.
Division continues to form a hollow ball of cells called the blastocyst.
Division continues to promote.
Division creates conflict.
Division creates guest file.
Division demands explanation.
Division descend underneath a team therefore lost salomon skate shop.
Division destroys effectiveness.
Division digraphs and graphs.
Division does lead to defeat.
Division does that sort of thing pushes people further over to one or the other edge.
Division has no feelings.
Division has no separately owned assets.
Division has roots.
Division has several different symbols.
Division has situation under control.
Division illustrate a synergistic approach to examing and designing telecommunication systems.
Division Indicates the major industrial category for which the data is collected.
Division invariably brings conflict.
Division involves events.
Division involves fission.
Division involves separation.
Division involves the removal of new shoots with some root from below.
Division involves three numbers.
Division is a busy street so feel comfortable walking here both day and night.
Division is a continuous process.
Division is a controversial subject in the church today.
Division is a force
Division is a fundamental operation of arithmetic.
Division is a good method for propagating additional plants with known traits.
Division is a harder process.
Division is a hindrance to our mission and vision.
Division is a jerry-built job in more ways than one.
Division is a primary problem for the church behind bars.
Division is a result of that expansiveness which is the very symbol of life.
Division is a sign of religious error.
Division is accomplished by subtracting exponents.
Division is activated as a unit .
Division is administrative units.
Division is air units.
Division is also a way to get more plants for new beds, to swap or to give away.
Division is also one of the four basic mathematical functions.
Division is also quite straightforward.
Division is an asexual method that only requires the parent plant to reproduce offspring.
Division is an easy process and an excellent means of obtaining new plants.
Division is another kettle of fish.
Division is another means of propagation.
Division is another way to accomplish the same task.
Division is apical and the plant is multicellular.
Division is arithmetic operations.
Division is as easy as multiplication.
Division is as old as the church.
Division is attempted only after the other operations have been mastered.
Division is based on a break in vegetation, slope and anthropogenics.
Division is based on sixteen enumerated factors.
Division is by binary or quadruple fission.
Division is common with the clumping ferns such as the common Boston fern.
Division is contrary to scripture.
Division is covered via inversion of the divisor followed by multiplication.
Division is destructive.
Division is determined by the campaign code.
Division is difficult to understand.
Division is difficult, carefully divide in late summer.
Division is discord.
Division is done after the after the foliage matures.
Division is done in early spring but only when necessary.
Division is done in fall or early spring.
Division is done in late summer or spring.
Division is done in spring or fall but the roots are brittle and easily injured.
Division is done in spring or fall.
Division is done in the spring and fall.
Division is done spring or fall.
Division is done when the foliage matures.
Division is due to the opposite of love.
Division Is Easy.
Division is equivalent to multiplying by the reciprocal.
Division is essentially an attitude.
Division is exactly as it sounds.
Division is futile.
Division is generally several times more costly than multiplication, for instance.
Division is good.
Division is hard to understand, and is both underutilized and insufficient.
Division is larger.
Division is many visions.
Division is more difficult.
Division is naval units.
Division is necessarily the cause of ruin.
Division is neither commutative nor associative.
Division is nonmitotic in all prokaryotes.
Division is of course the last operation to discuss.
Division is one of the easiest methods of plant propagation.
Division is one of the main ways to propagate carnivorous plants.
Division is one operation that reverses the result of multiplication.
Division is operations.
Division is our specialty.
Division is painful, even if it's the right thing to do.
Division is performed by subtracting the divisor left to right.
Division is performed correctly.
Division is phylums.
Division is possible but it is often better to start new plants from seed.
Division is quadruple, forming a cruciform schizont, or binary.
Division is separatings.
Division is separation.
Division is states.
Division is the basis of thinking, multiplication the synergy of the soul.
Division is the inverse, or opposite, of multiplication.
Division is the most foolproof method.
Division is the only really good method for propagating bladderworts.
Division is the process of duplicating an rule and prepending a new number to the duplicate.
Division is the quickest way to propagate plants which produce stems at their base.
Division is the reverse of multiplication.
Division is the signpost of change.
Division is the slowest.
Division is threatened.
Division is to be understood as in integer arithmetic, with remainders discarded.
Division is to divide two existing dwelling onto separate parcels of land.
Division is unknown.
Division is wrong.
Division is, by far, the worst.
Division isa separation.
Division leads to conflict.
Division means a subdivision of a hazard class.
Division means the consumer affairs division of the department of business and industry.
Division means the division of financial institutions of the department of business and industry.
Division means the division of industrial relations of the department of business and industry.
Division means the division of insurance of the department of business and industry.
Division means the division of state lands of the department of conservation and natural resources.
Division means the manufactured housing division of the department of business and industry.
Division means the purchasing division of the department of administration.
Division means the real estate division of the department of business and industry.
Division means the rehabilitation division of the department of human resources.
Division moves to the right and Surgeons change quarters to a small stream of water on the road.
Division needs to adopt a policy with reference to clubs.
Division occurs at same time.
Division occurs at time.
Division occurs either by fragmentation or by the nucleus simply splitting into two.
Division occurs in development.
Division occurs in reproduction.
Division prevents overcrowding, which can lead to a decrease in flowering.
Division produces growth.
Division produces vigorous growth.
Division promise land.
Division provides a basic motive for rhetoric.
Division really rocks.
Division receive across several division unless count callaway clubs.
Division requires a little care.
Division rounds everything into uncomfortable rest.
Division seems to be really complicated in detail.
Division selling via a team therefore descend flannel plaid skirt.
Division selling via a team therefore descend orvis fly fishing schools.
Division selling via a team therefore descend rocky mountain wilderness adventure.
Division soon follows and a filament is formed.
Division sponsors annual Domestic Relations Law Seminar.
Division strait of gibraltar.
Division submit lists of computer-using classes and schedules are created.
Division supports all media and approaches to sculpture and emphasizes open critical exchange.
Division takes an existing plant and splits it into several new, smaller plants.
Division takes place along a transverse membrane that forms in the middle.
Division uses specialized vegetative structures such as rhizomes and tubers.
Division works in much the same way as multiplication.
Division works like multiplication in reverse, and the answer shows up in the top dials.
Divisions affects the smallest manifestations of piety.
Divisions also carry out local police administrative functions.
Divisions also conduct statewide outreach, education and conservation programs.
Divisions also develop procedures to conduct a self-outload.
Divisions also recognize project teams at their own events.
Divisions are always there.
Divisions are available for carded travel teams and for carded premiere teams.
Divisions are by gender and age.
Divisions are different and perform different functions.
Divisions are divided into districts.
Divisions are easy and can be done in spring or late fall.
Divisions are focused on customer satisfaction and long-term relationships.
Divisions are for farm, and lawn and garden tractors.
Divisions are for scoring purposes only.
Divisions are formal organisations of GPs within a geographical area.
Divisions are fraternity, residence hall, independent, women and co-rec.
Divisions are fundamental to power domination, for without division there can be no heirarchy.
Divisions are great and discipleship seems segregated.
Divisions are groupings of units based on natural threat areas.
Divisions are North, South, East, and West.
Divisions are open to pro, amateur and club groups.
Divisions are our number one priority.
Divisions are responsible for determining and documenting their actual GPO-supported costs.
Divisions are responsible for their portion of the content of the web site.
Divisions are somewhat artificial now.
Divisions are the basic unit of maneuver at the tactical level.
Divisions are the visible grid lines on the oscilloscope screen.
Divisions begin to appear in the rings of Saturn.
Divisions can join together to organise events which are normally hosted by chapters.
Divisions can participate in league play for softball, basketball, volleyball, and wallyball.
Divisions can produce any type of recruiting materials they wish to send to prospective students.
Divisions can take the form of partitions such as metal grills.
Divisions contain different sections sharing common geological and ecological features.
Divisions contribute to the joint battle.
Divisions cover all ages through adult.
Divisions develop a life cycle plan for non-computing equipment.
Divisions differ from sections in internal structure.
Divisions emerge within the Mexican federal government.
Divisions enable member companies to collectively define market-based needs and issues.
Divisions establish budgets and facility user fee rates for the next fiscal year.
Divisions establish budgets and special course fee rates for the next fiscal year.
Divisions exist for both men and women of all levels and age groups.
Divisions exist to improve the quality of play based upon ability.
Divisions exist where there is a clear professional grouping and professional training.
Divisions Exist where there is a clear professional grouping and professional training.
Divisions follow the Division Operational Practice on Endowments.
Divisions generally have four supporting artillery battalions.
Divisions grouped here include both saprophytes and parasites .
Divisions grouped here include both saprophytes and parasites.
Divisions have green boundaries and are dominant.
Divisions have the option of increasing the value of the scholarship through use of their own funds.
Divisions have their full battle honours listed.
Divisions help students.
Divisions involved in the development process meet often during the early design stages.
Divisions Learn about the divisions of the department.
Divisions maintain manufacturing autonomy.
Divisions mean the number of horizontal lines to be drawn.
Divisions meet at the annual meeting and sponsor symposia at the annual meeting.
Divisions meet once a month.
Divisions notify groups within their area.
Divisions occur at the same points in the novel for each draft.
Divisions offer their services through scheduled, contract and off-campus programs.
Divisions open forums.
Divisions participate in the program.
Divisions perform a wide range of tactical missions and for limited periods are self-sustaining.
Divisions perform duties mandated by statute.
Divisions perform major tactical operations for the corps and can conduct sustained battles.
Divisions Protecting a garden from a recreational area is often necessary.
Divisions provide paid advertising space, for all types of business enterprises.
Divisions provide value.
Divisions publish periodic newsletters addressing areas of specialization.
Divisions quickly grow together to form a dense mat.
Divisions range from beginner to advanced.
Divisions range from third grade to college level.
Divisions range from walk-trot for beginning riders to open equitation for the most advanced riders.
Divisions remain deep, hatred and revenge fill hearts and minds.
Divisions review division goals for current year.
Divisions routinely express their requirements to their corps headquarters.
Divisions show each half hour.
Divisions spring from misunderstanding, and hatred from fear and rumor.
Divisions submit their course offerings to the Registrars office.
Divisions typically publish a newsletter for members.
Divisions vary greatly in procedures for supporting teachers' tuition.
Divisions vary in the financial support offered.
Divisions work hard to provide valuable programs and workshops on topics of interest to the members.
Division always comes through human agency, and unity can come only through human agents.
Division always racks the body when other standards are elevated to the level of the cross.
Division usually involves real number rather than integers.
Divisions usually have four artillery battalions in support.
All divisions frequently have space for late registrations.
All divisions are approximations only.
All divisions are currently within their budgets.
All divisions are individually within their aggregate budgets through the period.
All divisions are now facile with laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
All divisions are open to both boys and girls.
All divisions are still open to entries.
All divisions are well within their respective budgets.
All divisions check and renew fire-fighting gear as necessary.
All divisions consist of professional translators, terminologists and revisers.
All divisions cover similar material, but in varying levels of detail and difficulty.
All divisions have active consult teams with fellows, residents, and students.
All divisions offer a training program aimed at fostering technical experts.
All divisions offer both temporary and full-time staffing services.
All divisions participate in athletic activities .
All divisions play the same number of league games at the same facilities with the same umpires.
All divisions provide clinical clerkship electives.
All divisions remain within their respective budgets.
All Divisions Scratch All Events .
All divisions teach students and have their own research projects.
All divisions work together to provide comprehensive services to our customers.
All divisions work together toward accomplishing the department s mission statement.
Any division can be helpful.
Any division is wholly voluntary.
Every division usually has at least one entry.
Every division has a demand reduction coordinator.
Every division has a role in the consumer protection effort.
Every division is artificial.
Every division is described so that a committee can manage it .
Every division is described so that a committee can manage it.
Every division is led by a superintendent.
Many divisions can have overlapping management or promotional lines.
Many divisions maintain duplicate personnel files for staff.
Many divisions posses their own choirs and other amateur art groups, museums.
More divisions are possible depending on younger girls teams.
Most division has roots.
Most division involves events.
Most division involves fission.
Most division involves separation.
Most division leads to conflict.
Most division occurs at same time.
Most division occurs at time.
Most division occurs in development.
Most division occurs in reproduction.
Most division produces growth.
Most division produces vigorous growth.
Most divisions are attitudinal.
Most Divisions are involved in providing units appropriate to the needs of prospective teachers.
Most divisions have homepages and many offer newsletters.
Most Divisions have regular executive meetings and annual general meetings at the conference.
Most divisions have their own newsletters, which are published at various times throughout the year.
Most divisions have three rep teams each.
Most divisions have trouble getting people to turn out for competitions.
Most Divisions hold one or more one-day meets each year.
Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs .
Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs.
Most Divisions sponsor their own yearly meetings.
Most divisions use some form of numerical scoring for paper judges.
Most divisions work to the advantage of their promoters.
Some division creates duplicates.
Some division follows patterns.
Some division follows same patterns.
Some division includes mitosis.
Some division involves division.
Some division involves mitosis.
Some division involves nuclear division.
Some division involves phases.
Some division leads to cell growth.
Some division leads to exchanges.
Some division leads to exponential cell growth.
Some division leads to exponential growth.
Some division leads to growth.
Some division leads to oocyte growth.
Some division occurs during growth.
Some division occurs in tissue.
Some division offers stability.
Some division requires activities.
Some division requires energy.
Some division takes places.
Some divisions already have endowments for collections.
Some divisions also assign faculty advisers in the first semester.
Some divisions continue to use outside temporary agencies for a higher rate.
Some divisions fall short of the number of program reviews they are required to conduct annually.
Some divisions feel that computers in the school cover all aspects of technology.
Some divisions have additional entrance requirements.
Some divisions have better performance overall.
Some Divisions have better performance overall.
Some divisions have minimum hourly commitments required for internships.
Some divisions have phone trees to notify faculty of class cancellation.
Some divisions move today.
Some Divisions organize symposia at the annual conference.
Some divisions reflect petty differences, but many are based on substantive issues.
Some divisions require deposits.
Some divisions still have openings.
Some divisions use a different schedule based on local practices.
Some divisions use acronyms regularly.
Some divisions use peer observations to complete the evaluation form.
Some divisions use the funds for existing awards, others create new ones each year.
Some divisions use the funds to augment existing awards while others have established new ones.
Some divisions write cards and letters to the missionaries.
Some divisions write letters to the missionaries.
Divisional activities encompass research, teaching and patient care.
Divisional assessments are a flat fee for each participating division regardless of sales volume.
Divisional autonomy is, of course, equally valid in other matters of policy.
Divisional championships are terminal.
Divisional committees select the recipients of major awards.
Divisional conferences emphasize the teaching points of outstanding cases.
Most divisional employees are professionals with specific areas of technical expertise.
Divisional faculty can also request accounts for students enrolled in courses they teach.
Divisional games present a unique challenge, in that there's more familiarity on both sides.
Divisional librarians use divisional funds to purchase reference materials.
Some divisional libraries are open during normal working hours, while others are locked.
Some divisional libraries list their ereserves in Acorn as well.
All divisional majors offer the Bachelor of Science degree.
Divisional playoffs begins.
Divisional staff has a wealth of knowledge and expertise from many diverse disciplines.
Divisional studies consist either of risk factor or intervention research.
Divisional tactics involve several ships conducting close-interval maneuvering in formations.
Divisional teams are the best to beat.
Some divisional units show the division patch.
All Divisional winners are eligible.
Divisive brethren are to be avoided.
Divisive factors remain and result in factionalism.
Divisive religion ends up in mutual self-destruction.
Divorce advice is provided.
Divorce agreement omits survivor benefits.
Every divorce case is a reflection of the fact that a marriage, a lifetime partnership, has failed.
Every divorce case is different.
Most divorce cases settle at some point before going to trial.
Most divorce cases settle before trial.
A divorce court is a court
Divorce court is a mixed alternate-shot tournament in which husbands and wives are paired.
Divorce court is a multi-million dollar industry that feeds off the misery of our broken families.
Divorce courts are courts.
Divorce courts are full of people who thought they really knew each other but got married too soon.
Divorce courts are like slaughterhouses, with about as much compassion and talent.
Divorce courts cause divorces.
Divorce laws ought to be toughened.
Divorce laws vary by state.
Divorce laws vary from state to state and non of the above books is state specific.
Divorce laws vary from state to state.
Divorce papers are essential if previously married.
Divorce papers are in the mail.
Divorce papers are usually the culmination of repeatedly shattered hopes.
Divorce rate is nil, friendly, easy going.
Divorce rate is steadily on the increase.
Divorce rates are another important determinant of child support populations.
Divorce rates are high and alcohol is part of the culture.
Divorce rates are high, and cohabitation is on the rise.
Divorce rates are high, and remarriage is common, especially for men.
Divorce rates are high.
Divorce rates are higher among more disabled patients.
Divorce rates are higher than ever and climbing all the time.
Divorce rates are higher than ever before.
Divorce rates are higher.
Divorce rates are highest in the South.
Divorce rates are much lower where spouses are dependent on each other to make ends meet.
Divorce rates are on the rise.
Divorce rates are up and birth rates are down.
Divorce rates are up in two- parent families because of the stress and strain.
Divorce rates are up.
Divorce rates climb every year.
Divorce rates increase.
Divorce rates keep going up and the carpool lanes are going to remain pretty empty.
Divorce rates soar.
Divorce settlements tilt unfairly in favor of divorced fathers.
A divorce is separation
Divorce abets, as history clearly shows, widespread national immorality.
Divorce accounts and postdivorce coparenting .
Divorce accounts for a large portion too.
Divorce affects every family - either directly or indirectly through friends.
Divorce affects many young children deeply and is a sizable problem in many countries.
Divorce affects one out of every four marriages today.
Divorce affects tens of millions of homes, wrecking lives - and breaking hearts.
Divorce affects the rights of three generations at once parents, children, and grandparents.
Divorce allows people to leave intolerable marriages .
Divorce becomes more common.
Divorce begins when one side files a complaint.
Divorce breaks kids' hearts.
Divorce breaks sacred bonds, between husband and wife, and between parent and child.
Divorce brings a reduction in income and standard of living for the vast majority of single mothers.
Divorce brings many changes, and changes are hard for children.
Divorce brings out our strongest feelings of anger and rage.
Divorce brings out selfishness, hostility, and vindictiveness.
Divorce brings out the worst in people.
Divorce buy outs.
Divorce can be a challenging time.
Divorce can be a complicated matter with far reaching ramifications.
Divorce can be a financial disaster.
Divorce can be a major health risk for U.S. adults and children.
Divorce can be a painful and expensive process.
Divorce can be a painful experience both emotionally and financially.
Divorce can be a painful family experience.
Divorce can be a stressful time, consider mediation if there is a chance to avoid divorce.
Divorce can be a troubling time.
Divorce can be a very emotional and trying time.
Divorce can be a very troubling time.
Divorce can be agony on both sides.
Divorce can be an astonishing blessing.
Divorce can be emotionally devastating for any child.
Divorce can be expensive.
Divorce can be just as much an economic issue as an emotional one.
Divorce can be messy and very costly when there are children involved.
Divorce can be one of life's most stressful experiences.
Divorce can be the result.
Divorce can be the right decision and can be handled responsibly.
Divorce can bring about both emotional and physical distresses.
Divorce can bring about both emotional and physical stresses.
Divorce can create many complex financial and taxation issues.
Divorce can destroy self-esteem.
Divorce can devastate children.
Divorce can disrupt a child's development.
Divorce can make a marriage disappear.
Divorce can make a parent feel unloved and unwanted.
Divorce can ravage women's lives, too.
Divorce can result.
Divorce carries with it the dissolution of the matrimonial regime.
Divorce causes many problem in society especially in children problem.
Divorce causes the adulteration of a marriage.
Divorce changes families in many ways.
Divorce changes families.
Divorce changes that.
Divorce changes things for everyone.
Divorce changes to two shareholders.
Divorce claims the marriage, and drugs get custody of one of the children.
Divorce claims to break up a marriage actually in being.
Divorce costs money .
Divorce courses, however, are widespread across the country.
Divorce creates a lot of stress and unhealthy behaviors as well.
Divorce creates an enormous depth of anger, rage, dispair, and depression.
Divorce creates further barriers to reconciliation.
Divorce creates two homes.
Divorce decree upon affidavit.
Divorce demands the courage to face change and adversity.
Divorce demonstrates hardness of heart.
Divorce destroys marriages and is available for almost any frivolous excuse.
Divorce devastates children.
Divorce disrupts the life of all children no matter their age.
Divorce dissolves the marriage legally.
Divorce does happen.
Divorce does injury to the covenant of salvation, of which sacramental marriage is the sign.
Divorce does things to otherwise sane and rational human beings.
Divorce drags on through the Italian courts.
Divorce drastically diminishes women's financial well-being.
Divorce ends up in the feminisation of poverty.
Divorce essentials Filing for a divorce raises tough questions.
Divorce explodes the perfect pastoral image.
Divorce goes against the very basic unit of civilization, for divorce breaks up family.
Divorce goes up as couples reach the empty nest stage so there is work to do.
Divorce goes yet farther, for it legally dissolves and removes the marriage relation.
Divorce greatly increases the likelihood of being a smoker and, for men, a problem drinker.
Divorce haunts many and custody disputes follow.
Divorce help resource center, including articles and news on divorce.
Divorce holds boys down, especially the less affluent.
Divorce hurts in all kinds of ways, but one of the ways it hurts the most is in the pocketbook.
Divorce hurts kids.
Divorce impoverishes mothers and children while enhancing the lifestyles of dads.
Divorce increases men's mobility, and decreases women's.
Divorce invokes a maelstrom of swirling emotions.
Divorce involves sin.
Divorce is a big issue, and the marriage bed is to remain undefiled.
Divorce is a cankerworm.
Divorce is a case in point.
Divorce is a civil suit dissolving a marriage.
Divorce is a common example.
Divorce is a common experience.
Divorce is a complex and difficult experience for all family members.
Divorce is a complex outcome, neither intrinsically good nor bad.
Divorce is a complicated time for the people involved.
Divorce is a controversial topic and act, to say the least.
Divorce is a crisis that threatens the well-being of everyone involved.
Divorce is a cruddy process.
Divorce is a cultural mainstay.
Divorce is a cumulative experience for the child.
Divorce is a devastating problem in our society that robs our children of the american dream.
Divorce is a difficult and often painful and expensive event in a person's life.
Divorce is a difficult time for kids.
Divorce is a fact of life in human society.
Divorce is a fact of modern life.
Divorce is a fact of modern-day life.
Divorce is a failure of a couple's commitment to their marital and family roles.
Divorce is a financial disaster.
Divorce is a financial trauma that no one ever plans or saves for.
Divorce is a frightening time for a child.
Divorce is a good example.
Divorce is a grave offense against the natural law.
Divorce is a great equalizer.
Divorce is a huge step.
Divorce is a hundred grand.
Divorce is a kind of death.
Divorce is a leading cause of poverty.
Divorce is a leading cause of rejection.
Divorce is a legal disconnection.
Divorce is a legal process.
Divorce is a life-transforming experience.
Divorce is a little like death, and the feelings after a divorce go through similar stages.
Divorce is a loss in one's life, whether it takes place on reasonable or unreasonable grounds.
Divorce is a major factor in civility and manners.
Divorce is a major health risk for adults and children.
Divorce is a major health risk for American adults and children.
Divorce is a major issue for some religions.
Divorce is a major jolt to a child's life.
Divorce is a major life change.
Divorce is a major life stressor for adolescents no matter what the circumstances.
Divorce is a major life trauma for kids.
Divorce is a major personal crisis for adults and children.
Divorce is a marriage which both partners have survived.
Divorce is a means to make lawyers rich.
Divorce is a mess- an emotional, financial and legal disaster.
Divorce is a mess, an emotional and financial disaster.
Divorce is a nasty word, especially when there are kids involved.
Divorce is a national sickness.
Divorce is a one of only two means by which the marriage relationship is legally terminated.
Divorce is a painful experience.
Divorce is a painful topic of discussion especially for children.
Divorce is a painful, hurting, and disheartening experience.
Divorce is a perfunctory matter controlled and supervised by the government.
Divorce is a process over which children have no control.
Divorce is a process.
Divorce is a product of the selfish desires of at least one of the two people involved.
Divorce is a reality because men and women break their commitments and betray their loyalties.
Divorce is a really hard situation for a child to overcome.
Divorce is a right that took many generations to gain.
Divorce is a rite of meaning and import.
Divorce is a rolling stone of change.
Divorce is a 'root problem' in our country and is the cause of any number of other social ills.
Divorce is a sad and emotional process for all involved.
Divorce is a sad fact of life.
Divorce is a serious act of defilement against the spirit and every other aspect of the marriage.
Divorce is a seriously considered option in many of our marriages.
Divorce is a seriously considered option often in our marriages.
Divorce is a significant change.
Divorce is a sin.
Divorce is a step for which few are prepared.
Divorce is a stressful process.
Divorce is a terrible crime against all.
Divorce is a terrible jolt to one's essence.
Divorce is a terrible phenomenon.
Divorce is a terrible thing.
Divorce is a tool.
Divorce is a tough experience no matter what.
Divorce is a tragedy.
Divorce is a two level process.
Divorce is a very individual process.
Divorce is a very painful event in a person's life.
Divorce is a very painful route.
Divorce is a very sensitive issue.
Divorce is a viable option.
Divorce is a war with many fronts, but the battleground is almost always money.
Divorce is about feelings.
Divorce is above all damaging when there are children.
Divorce is absolutely necessary to terminate the relationship.
Divorce is acceptable by mutual consent or by legal dissolution.
Divorce is accomplished by the unilateral decision of either spouse or by mutual consent.
Divorce is all about managing different senses of time.
Divorce is almost always difficult for children.
Divorce is almost final.
Divorce is also a choice.
Divorce is also a period of intense self-examination.
Divorce is also a time of emotional extremity.
Divorce is also different from legal separation.
Divorce is also the better option if there are high levels of conflict.
Divorce is also traditionally a deviant, shameful life event, which most women avoid.
Divorce is always a disaster.
Divorce is always a painful process for all involved.
Divorce is always dreadfully expensive.
Divorce is always painful and does leave scars.
Divorce is always sin.
Divorce is as common as the proliferation of dot-com industries.
Divorce is as easy as filling out a piece of paper.
Divorce is as hard on kids as it is on parents.
Divorce is as much the norm as happily married parents celebrating their golden anniversary.
Divorce is at an all-time high.
Divorce is at least an emotionally charged process.
Divorce is at least as hard on children as it is on parents.
Divorce is between adults only.
Divorce is but another experience.
Divorce is but the continued expression of a hard heart.
Divorce is certainly a significant event in the lives of the children involved.
Divorce is chaotic and painful.
Divorce is common and is permitted by Muslim law.
Divorce is common in American society.
Divorce is common in the United States.
Divorce is common, and comes with many financial pitfalls.
Divorce is common, so our society no longer views remarriage as the curse it did years ago.
Divorce is common.
Divorce is destructive of the ends of marriage and opens the floodgates of immorality.
Divorce is destructive to families and society.
Divorce is devastating and destroys many lives.
Divorce is devastating and often results in major life changes.
Divorce is devastating, but also an opportunity for much growth.
Divorce is different from annulment.
Divorce is difficult enough without making a game of it.
Divorce is difficult for any family, but it presents special problems for clergy families.
Divorce is difficult in the best of situations.
Divorce is difficult, even under the best of circumstances.
Divorce is difficult.
Divorce is discouraged.
Divorce is easier.
Divorce IS easier.
Divorce is easy to obtain and man and woman are free to remarry.
Divorce is epidemic.
Divorce is evidence of the sinful nature expressed in human failure.
Divorce is expensive for the state.
Divorce is extremely traumatic for children.
Divorce is fairly simple.
Divorce is far too easy in the United States.
Divorce is final, house is up for sale.
Divorce is frequent and involves little formality.
Divorce is frequent.
Divorce is good and telling the truth is optional.
Divorce is hard for all concerned.
Divorce is hard for the entire family, especially children.
Divorce is hard work.
Divorce is illegal in the Philippines, anyway.
Divorce is immoral also because it introduces disorder into the family and into society.
Divorce is immoral because it introduces disorder into the family and society.
Divorce is improper.
Divorce is in progress.
Divorce is inevitable as a legal requirement.
Divorce is inevitable.
Divorce is inevitably about loss and change.
Divorce is legal and easy to get, yet couples don t split up.
Divorce is less traumatic.
Divorce is more common among the working class than among the affluent.
Divorce is more common, and people are losing their traditional supports.
Divorce is more frequent in families where snoring is an issue.
Divorce is more merciful.
Divorce is more painful, protracted and costly than ever.
Divorce is more than a legal process.
Divorce is more than reaching a settlement.
Divorce is most common among couples who have been married only two or three years.
Divorce is much easier for men.
Divorce is much easier.
Divorce is much less likely in the Northeast than elsewhere.
Divorce is nature's way of distributing wealth.
Divorce is neither mandatory nor encouraged, even for sexual indecency.
Divorce is never a good situation and is difficult on the whole extended family.
Divorce is never a solution but a failure to be avoided.
Divorce is never an easy solution for a troubled marriage.
Divorce is never an enjoyable road to travel.
Divorce is never an option for anyone under any circumstances.
Divorce is never an option.
Divorce is never easy for the people involved.
Divorce is never easy.
Divorce is never fun.
Divorce is never permissible.
Divorce is never the child's fault.
Divorce is no big deal anymore.
Divorce is no different than any other sin, there is the blood that washes white as snow.
Divorce is nobody's fault.
Divorce is nonexistent and extramarital sex highly frowned upon.
Divorce is now available so that difficulty no longer exists.
Divorce is now the number one factor linked to suicide rates.
Divorce is now the single largest cause of childhood depression.
Divorce is now up for consideration to legalize it in Malta.
Divorce is obviously a 'no, no' if there are kids.
Divorce is obviously an important area.
Divorce is often a devastating and traumatic event in the lives of couples and individuals.
Divorce is often a lonely and emotionally draining experience for women.
Divorce is often a stumbling block to higher education.
Divorce is often an extremely stressful and emotional time.
Divorce is often nasty, brutish, and long.
Divorce is often necessary.
Divorce is often the single largest financial transaction of a person's life.
Divorce is often the single most financially devastating event of a person's life.
Divorce is on the increase and so is the trauma that accompanies termination of a marriage.
Divorce is on the upswing, and so is wife beating.
Divorce is one big turning point.
Divorce is one of the greatest disasters that can befall an individual.
Divorce is one of the most painful and emotional draining experiences that a human being can have.
Divorce is one of the most stressful events in a person s life.
Divorce is one of the most stressful experiences anyone can go through.
Divorce is one of the most stressful life events a person can experience.
Divorce is one of the worse experience anyone can go through in life.
Divorce is one possibility.
Divorce is one that's easy for people to understand.
Divorce is painful and it is traumatic for children and spouses.
Divorce is painful to everyone involved in one way or another.
Divorce is painful, and the problems are persistent.
Divorce is painful.
Divorce is particularly financially devastating to people of moderate incomes.
Divorce is particularly tough for many grandparents.
Divorce is permanent.
Divorce is permissible if the wife commits fornication.
Divorce is permissible in a limited number of extreme cases.
Divorce is prevalent.
Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage.
Divorce is probably the most frequent source of unplanned liabilities.
Divorce is radical surgery with a blunt instrument.
Divorce is rampant.
Divorce is rare and occurs only after the children's most formative years.
Divorce is rare.
Divorce is sanctioned even by our church.
Divorce is sky- rocketing.
Divorce is something that has become a dramatically more common event in our society.
Divorce is something that's been taking place at an accelerated rate.
Divorce is sometimes a clear cut case of victimization of one party by another.
Divorce is sometimes the best option when children are involved.
Divorce is sometimes the only way to safeguard the family idea.
Divorce is still a necessary evil.
Divorce is such a devastating thing.
Divorce is such a shock that many try to survive it through denial.
Divorce is the fastest growing marriage statistic.
Divorce is the largest part of family law, but it is more than that.
Divorce is the norm.
Divorce is the problem.
Divorce is the world's way out.
Divorce is thought to be harder on moms in part because they generally earn less.
Divorce is time-consuming and expensive.
Divorce is too easy.
Divorce is too expensive and damaging.
Divorce is too traumatic to go through alone.
Divorce is tough.
Divorce is ugly enough without turning it into a witch hunt.
Divorce is ugly.
Divorce is uncommon in tribal societies because important alliances between families are at stake.
Divorce is uncommon.
Divorce is unfortunate but possibly the only solution for some families.
Divorce is unknown.
Divorce is usually a bitter and acrimonious process.
Divorce is usually a troubling time.
Divorce is usually an agonizing experience.
Divorce is usually painful for everyone involved.
Divorce is usually such an event.
Divorce is usually the best answer for kids when a marriage becomes unhappy.
Divorce is wide spread.
Divorce is wrong.
Divorce is, by and large, the most powerful re-distributive mechanism in modern society.
Divorce isa event.
Divorce leads to other issues.
Divorce leaves mothers stranded with severe income needs.
Divorce means cutting off the root of love.
Divorce means more expenses on the same income.
Divorce naturally brings distrust between a man and woman.
Divorce never happens.
Divorce now affects every family.
Divorce now ends one in two new marriages, with two out of every three remarriages failing.
Divorce occurs as a result, and parents have a difficult time sorting out the problems.
Divorce occurs only after a waiting period and is based on justice, respect, and kindness.
Divorce occurs when a court order dissolves a marriage.
Divorce perpetuates sin.
Divorce plays a very important role in society by giving people the right to make mistakes.
Divorce puts an end to a partner's pain and suffering.
Divorce ranks second only to death of a loved one as the most stressful of life's experiences.
Divorce records direct from state and county offices.
Divorce reduces family income.
Divorce releases many mothers from tension and depression.
Divorce remains a serious sin.
Divorce represents a new beginning for an entire family.
Divorce represents the dissolution of only one relationship, that of husband and wife.
Divorce results in asset splitting.
Divorce rocks a child's world.
Divorce sets a whole train of bad losses in motion.
Divorce settlements Marital dissolutions often present attorneys with complex financial issues.
Divorce shatters individuals as well as entire families.
Divorce situations Special rules apply to divorced taxpayers.
Divorce sneaks into the footsteps of their marriage from day one.
Divorce sounds likely.
Divorce spells the end of a couple s relationship as husband and wife.
Divorce spells unfaithfulness, treachery, betrayal, and love grown cold.
Divorce splits apart families every day.
Divorce splits the bond of husband and wife, and custody splits the bond of parenting.
Divorce stirs up many different emotions at different times.
Divorce takes place because of socio-economic reasons.
Divorce takes time.
Divorce talk .
Divorce traumatizes all involved.
Divorce upends the worlds of perhaps a million U.S. children each year.
Divorce violates the rights of children to a stable family.
Divorce wreaks havoc for the spousal business.
Divorces affect parents.
Divorces also happen, especially in high-kiwi density areas in Northland.
Divorces appear to be rare among petrels.
Divorces are a matter of family law.
Divorces are almost always stressful for all concerned.
Divorces are certainly on the rise in the country.
Divorces are civil matters.
Divorces are legal processes.
Divorces are messy and conflict ridden.
Divorces are more common because they are more respectable.
Divorces are painful enough without courtroom confrontations.
Divorces are permissible.
Divorces are separation.
Divorces are too easy to get.
Divorces are usually difficult for everyone involved.
Divorces benefit children.
Divorces can and do happen from track.
Divorces can be bitter.
Divorces can be cleaner and a marriage can be public and socially legitimate.
Divorces can be complicated.
Divorces can be rather catchy.
Divorces can be very painful.
Divorces can wreak havoc on a family's finances.
Divorces cause a desire to drinks.
Divorces cost too much, financially and emotionally.
Divorces happen, as do liability situations.
Divorces happen, people violate their most deeply held convictions every day.
Divorces help to improve morals and to increase the population.
Divorces increase during economic boom times and decrease during tough times.
Divorces keep steady pace with marriages.
Divorces mount and families shatter.
Divorces tend to be resolved more quickly.
Divorces tend to occur when the birds are young.
Divorce always causes destruction, because it tears a family apart.
Divorce always creates more problems.
Divorce always makes problems much, much worse.
Divorce always produces trauma.
Divorce always represents the failure of a marriage, and as such it is sin.
Divorces frequently end up in court when financial information is withheld.
Divorce often brings out the worst in parents.
Divorce often leads to a full grief response in children.
Divorce often makes parenting and raising children more difficult.
Divorces often seem to be about the past.
Divorce sometimes seems like a good option in times of stress.
All divorces are different.
Any divorce can turn out to be a death match where the richer or meaner spouse wins by attrition.
Any divorce decrees, if applicable.
Any divorce is metaphorical adultery.
Any divorce is still a tragedy, of course.
Every divorce is attributable to the sin of at least one and often both spouses.
Every divorce is different.
Every divorce is unique because so many variables are involved.
Every divorce means at least one person has broken a sacred vow.
Many divorces are downright nasty, especially if a lot of money is on the line.
Many divorces arise from such trauma.
Many divorces begin like that.
Many divorces involve bitter battles about the division of property and assets.
Many divorces proceed amicably as long as the monetary agreement is acceptable to both parents.
Many divorces take longer.
Many divorces take place today for the same reason on the part of one or both mates.
More divorces occur within the first five years of marriage than at any other period.
More divorces start in the bedroom than in any other room in the house.
Most divorces affect parents.
Most divorces are the result of a complicated process between two people.
Most divorces are uncontested.
Most divorces are undefended.
Most divorces begin with money and end up with broken hearts.
Most divorces benefit children.
Most divorces can be rather expensive.
Most divorces focus on the immediate division of assets and income support levels.
Most divorces happen because of stubborness.
Most divorces involve children.
Most divorces involve custody, visitation, and child support.
Most divorces involve young people with young children.
Most divorces leave both parties poorer than before.
Most divorces now are no-fault divorces.
Most divorces take a bit longer than four months to conclude.
Most divorces take at least a year because of on-going negotiation or trial preparation.
Most divorces take place after three to five years of marriage.
Most divorces tend to resolve themselves in six months to a year.
Some divorces affect grandparents.
Some divorces are amicable, and others are really messy.
Some divorces are terrible for everybody and others are liberating.
Some divorces go on for years.
Some divorces take places.
Many divorced adults remarry.
Divorced dads are deadbeat dads.
Divorced dads are runaway dads.
A divorced man is a man
Divorced men are also okay, all races are welcome.
Divorced men are also welcome.
Divorced men are better second marriage risks than divorced women.
Divorced men are nearly six times as likely to be murdered as married men.
Divorced men experience early health problems to a much greater extent than married men.
Divorced men have the highest death rates.
Divorced men welcome.
Divorced parents are always a messy situation for the kids, and our family was no exception.
Most divorced parents become less angry over time.
Most divorced parents have moments when they are naive alienators.
Many divorced people find it difficult to begin life over after divorce.
Most divorced people form new partnerships within a few years and many eventually remarry.
Most divorced people remarry, and most remarriages involve children.
Some divorced people feel as if they are picking up where they left off.
A divorcee is a woman
Divorcees can go through similar crises.
Many divorcees find it difficult to get back into the single life.
Divorces rates soar as the level of respect disappears into oblivion.
Most divorcing parties find it difficult to keep their credit intact.
A divot is a pit
Divot is a big black Lab.
Divot is an electronic literary magazine that embodies the sport's essence and spirit.
Divot is quite the busy man.
Divots are pits.
Divots are to be replaced and ball marks on greens repaired.
Divots are turf.
Divots designs shirts, sweaters, pants, windbreakers, and towels for golfers.
Divots fly from the fairway and sand splashes from the bunkers.
Diwali time is also firecracker bursting time.
Dixie County has several doctors, a dentist and an optometrist.
Dixie County is a county of many contrasts.
Dizygotic pregnancies occur when two eggs are fertilized.
A dizygotic twin is a twin
Dizygotic twins develop from the same fertilized egg.
Dizygotic twins form when two separate eggs are fertilized by separate sperm.
Dizygotic twins result when two separate eggs are fertilized.
A dizziness is a symptom
Dizziness can also happen without moving or changing one's position.
Dizziness can also occur without moving or changing one's position.
Dizziness can be a difficult feeling to describe.
Dizziness can be a symptom of a stroke or an inner ear infection.
Dizziness can be a symptom of all sorts of disorders.
Dizziness can be a symptom of an infection - bacterial or viral.
Dizziness can be a symptom of diabetes reflecting dehydration from high blood sugar.
Dizziness can be an early symptom of heart attack.
Dizziness can result from a wide variety of causes, the most common of which occur in the inner ear.
Dizziness can result from fatigue.
Dizziness caused by serious diseases is rather rare.
Dizziness comes and goes.
Dizziness forces the person to lie down.
Dizziness is a common complaint among beginning contradancers.
Dizziness is a common complaint among older persons, especially.
Dizziness is a common complaint during a panic attack.
Dizziness is a common symptom among older adults living in the community.
Dizziness is a common symptom.
Dizziness is a sensation people feel when they lose their spatial orientation.
Dizziness is a symptom with many different causes.
Dizziness is a term often used to describe different symptoms.
Dizziness is a term often used to describe several somewhat different feelings.
Dizziness is a very broad area and is due to a lot of common diseases.
Dizziness is a very common complaint, especially as one grows older.
Dizziness is also common, as is the craving for sweets, chocolate or caffeine.
Dizziness is also common.
Dizziness is also fairly common.
Dizziness is an extremely frequent complaint.
Dizziness is common in pregnant women and can result from circulatory changes during pregnancy.
Dizziness is common in the elderly.
Dizziness is common.
Dizziness is more common after the first dose.
Dizziness is more like lightheadedness.
Dizziness is more likely to occur after the first dose of bromocriptine.
Dizziness is the next most common symptom reported by women, whereas men report arm pain.
Dizziness is uncommon in operations that only involve the eardrum itself.
Dizziness occurs for the same reason.
Dizziness related to movement can make walking difficult.
Dizziness when changing position and rapid heartbeat are common.
Dizzinesses are medical conditions.
Dizzinesses are symptoms.
Dizziness sometimes occurs.
All dizziness has a cause.
Many DJ companies come and go.
DJ culture is very valid.
DJ service is less costly than a live band.
DJ services are also available.
Many dj services require a deposit or reservation fee to secure the date.
DJ sets are usually short unless no one else is waiting to spin.
A dj is a broadcaster
DJ already enjoys an active user community.
DJ appears and the party goes on.
DJ appreciates an enthusiastic audience at least as big as the band.
DJ arrives one to two hours before the event to set up equipment at no extra charge.
DJ begins to weld.
DJ believes that worship begins with a free heart.
DJ combines good instructional design with game theory in a familiar medium.
DJ displays a dialog window asking for the target folder.
DJ does the deed at the turntables of eternal beats.
DJ drinks a beer at a rap concert.
DJ enjoys a game of soccer.
DJ has edge wear, a few small closed tears but still bright, shiny, a nice copy.
DJ is as new.
DJ is available for full deck charters only.
DJ is break the trance.
DJ is close to running on multiple nodes.
DJ is in great condition.
DJ is in protective covering.
DJ is in protective sleeve.
DJ just has some fading along edge, but a clean tight copy with no tears.
DJ lacks crispness with trace of wear but looks nice in new mylar protector.
DJ lightly edgeworn, owner's inscription on front endpaper.
DJ lightly shelfworn with few small closed tears.
DJ now runs on single nodes, and includes support for multithreading.
DJ offers live or archived radio broadcasts, as well as a bio and a playlist and a top ten.
DJ plays a variety of music.
DJ plays all the hits.
DJ plays dance, techno and house music.
DJ plays Latin music other nights.
DJ plays music and often takes requests.
DJ plays oldies on Sundays.
DJ plays pop, swing, swinging blues.
DJ prepares new solo project.
DJ s available.
DJ shows edge wear and some staining on back cover.
DJ shows edge wear.
DJ shows gentle shelf wear.
DJ shows light wear and a few crinkles.
DJ shows much wear, some rubbing, some small closed tears.
DJ shows slight wear with a few very small tears at edges.
DJ shows slight wear.
DJ shows some edgewear, rubbed with minor tears.
DJ shows some shelf wear.
DJ shows some wear along edges, small tears.
DJ shows some wear but has been repaired and is certainly presentable.
DJ shows some wear, a few small tears.
DJ sounds at the weekends.
DJ spins the records for dancing and listening.
DJ starts spinning records late-night creating a dance club that grooves.
DJ takes a coffee break.
DJ takes the lead.
DJ Throw Down is designed to appeal to students who enjoy new wave music in a college setting.
DJ welcomes CDs and vinyl for airplay consideration.
DJs also come in to mix and play music while the rappers or poets are reciting their works.
DJs also give away several pairs of tickets to local concerts on a daily basis.
DJs also have the freedom to set their own hours and determine their programs' identities.
DJs also keep listeners up to date with frequent winter road condition reports.
DJs are as omnipresent as tabs of e and are as prolific as the jazz masters.
DJs are editors of the street.
Djs are entertainers.
DJs are great but bands are too.
DJs are in heavy rotation.
DJs are just the last men standing between the music and the public.
DJs are the rowdier, hipper option.
DJs are there on many evenings, and there is also live music sometimes.
DJs are thieves.
DJs are usually from different music backgrounds.
DJs are very cost-effective ways of finding great entertainment.
DJs arrive early to set-up and are ready to play on time.
DJs ask about it and play it.
DJs can be highly irreverent at times.
DJs can choose what they read on air from a variety of news and announcements.
DJs can get into the act too.
DJs can listen to house sound with one ear while they cue up the next track with the other.
DJs can now have a screen in the studio to see who is entering the office.
DJs can play music continuously.
DJs can upload thier own mixes and links.
DJs can use it for live musical performance.
DJs carry on until the wee hours.
DJs change often, so call for info.
DJs check it out.
DJs coordinate the banquet or event with photographers, video, catering, etc.
DJs do it on the air.
DJs generally like to be able to pronounce and know what the song title refers to.
DJs get jobs by sending resumes to radio stations.
DJs get lavish meals and invites to the biggest concerts.
DJs Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
DJs here spin progressive house, Latin house and hip-hop.
DJs hold eminent domain Thursdays through Sundays.
DJs know how to get a crowd going and create an interesting mix.
DJs mix two different tracks and a new song is created.
DJs move away.
DJs now take over a couple of nights a week.
DJs occasionally break in to name the rundowns.
DJs perform nowadays.
DJs play anything from house to acid jazz to package-tour dance.
DJs play classic tunes, and there's a huge tree-filled garden patio open from spring to fall.
DJs play everything from deep house to techno, disco to bubblegum pop.
DJs play nightly.
DJs play often funk-oriented sessions at other times, so expect to queue at weekends.
DJs provide a detailed playlist spanning from six hours earlier to the current tune.
DJs provide music for dancing in the main hall, where there is a snack bar.
DJs provide the background noise.
DJs respond to e-mails with requests for tickets.
DJs rule the house, spinning music that's moody or thumping, depending on the hour or the crowd.
DJs sign in at the beginning of the night and get a half hour to spin their precious hearts out.
DJs spin a mix of techno, funky house and breaks.
DJs spin an ecclectic club mix.
DJs spin progressive and house music.
DJs spin seven nights a week, the music changing accordingly.
DJs spin the best in electronic beats.
DJs spin the best of techno, house, alternative sounds and industrial.
DJs spin the funkiest sounds of the past, with emphasis on rare Soul and Funk classics.
DJs spin the latest house and other music from the English club scene.
DJs supply the suitably subdued soundtrack.
DJs take heed.
DJs take over at the weekends.
DJs there is anywhere.
DJs use different types of setups, requiring different amounts of room space.
DJs use mixers some small and some large.
All DJs are volunteers from the university and community.
Any DJ can go through the motions of playing music but a wedding requires different talents.
Any DJ can stand behind the equipment and play music.
Every DJ has a day job so they can play clubs and raves at night.
Every DJ has the same demands on a mixer, yet they are all different.
Every DJ knows the right turntable, mixer, and lighting setup can make or break a DJ's performance.
Many DJs also boast about having great equipment.
Many DJs boast about the number of songs they have.
Many DJs feel themselves slipping into the role of an entertainer once they turn on the microphone.
Many DJs offer ethnic music like Spanish, Italian, Irish, Polish or Greek.
Many DJs use digital files or portable media devices.
Most DJs can only bring out so much.
Most DJs play all night and never take a break.
Most DJs spend countless hours perfecting a mix and dream of playing out.
Some DJs also mention the time and weather conditions.
Some DJs are more expensive than others.
Some DJs can even provide a cassette tape of their services upon request.
Some DJs have a theme that they play at the beginning of their show.
Some DJs overcharge for their service.
Some DJs record their shows to listen to later so they can make improvements.
Djibouti is part of Africa.
Djibouti isa thing.
A djinn is spirit
Djinn allow for a large array of possible class setups for all eight playable characters.
Djungarian fathers have hormonal fluctuations similar to the mother's around the time of birth.
A dl is a metric
DL allows independent study, group study or real-time interaction.
DL applies to DLSw.
DL can be the primary or supplemental means of learning.
DL stands for delete lines.
DL Starts a definition list.
DL works for all backgrounds and age groups of people, and it caters to a wide variety of end-users.
DLAR personnel try to minimize noise exposure when cleaning, feeding and caring for animals.
DLDeque constructors take no argument.
Dm is a linear measure
Dm is a metric
Dm is game masters.
Dm is gms.
DMs can create full adventures, complete with items, maps and creatures.
DMs can get the most out of their perparation.
DMs can occur in more than half of all cancers.
DMs collect specimens, record data, and assist the RNs and physicians as needed.
DMs monitor and audit weekly cash flow and pizza sales as well as front desk equipment inventory.
Every DM has to agree locally.
DMD devices offer very fast response times, lower power consumption and better light throughput.
DMD patients lack a protein dubbed dystrophin, which plays a critical role in muscle maintenance.
DMD staff ensure that the Gettysburg computers and network are operating efficiently.
DMD technology is a long-term viable technology.
DMT drivers provide selectable bandwidth for maximizing resolution or response time.
DMT package allows transparent reading of data across frames and files boundaries.
DMX platform appears to be gaining momentum and further acceptance at retail.
DMX sound is a digital signal that resists the problems that can plague analog signals.
DNAR orders apply only if the patient is pulseless and apneic.
Dndustrial diesel engines turbo chargers.
D'Nealian handwriting is taught and used.
D'Nealian handwriting is taught.
DNR administration is committed to enforcement of environmental laws.
DNR authority rests on corps jurisdiction.
DNR biologists defend the treatments as prudent, safe, and expedient.
DNR consent is supposed to be voluntary.
DNR consent is supposed to voluntary.
DNR office is in last building on right, just past the nursing home.
Dnscache log notes Notes about the log file format of the dnscache program.
A do is a party
DOs appear to be more likely than MDs to become involved in dubious health care practices.
DOs are optically isolated solid state switches.
DOs can also become surgeons.
DOs can sit for the MD boards if they are interested in pursuing a MD residency after graduation.
DOs can take the three parts of the course in any order.
DOs comprise a separate, yet equal branch of American medical care.
DOs Do add interesting technology components to proven ideas.
DOs Do handle the equipment properly.
DOs refuse to register under the new law.
DOs understand the importance of musculoskeletal health relates to good general health.
Many DOs seek and obtain residencies in surgical and non-surgical specialties.
Some dos Do write briefly - short words, short sentences, short paragraphs, and short releases.
Doakum soils have more sand and less silt in the control section.
Doan duty is relatively easy, and helps one to fully engage in the practice.
Doane students experience the ceremonies, and reactions to it. . . .
Dobby borders feature a terry texture trim around the towel in a variety of patterns.
Many Doberman items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Dobie comics are rarer than hen's teeth.
Dobson isa larva.
Dobsons have (part) brains.
Dobsons have (part) cell membranes.
Dobsons have (part) cells.
Dobsons have (part) corpi.
Dobsons have (part) cytoplasm.
Dobsons have (part) ears.
Dobsons have (part) faces.
Dobsons have (part) heads.
Dobsons have (part) nuclei.
Dobsons have (part) plasma membranes.
Dobsons have (part) sections.
Dobsons have (part) skulls.
Dobsons have (part) vacuoles.
Some dobsons break ankles.
Some dobsons continue growth.
Some dobsons draw attention.
Some dobsons establish companies.
Some dobsons have diets.
Some dobsons provide roam services.
Some dobsons provide services.
A dobsonfly is an insect
Dobsonflies are characterized by a long cylindrical body with short legs.
Dobsonflies are found in North and South America, Asia, Australia, and Africa.
Dobsonflies are found primarily outdoors near large bodies of water.
Dobsonflies are nocturnal hunters.
Dobsonflies have cottony gill tufts beside the lateral appendages, fishflies lack such gills.
Dobsonflies only mate when they are matured adults which is only a range of just under a week.
Dobsonflies Read a fact sheet about dobsonflies.
Dobsonfly larvae emerge and often hide under rocks and in crevices.
Dobsonflies usually live in rocky streams.
Dobsonian mounts are highly portable, light, and easy to use.
Dobsonian mounts are mounts for Newtonian reflectors that are altazimuth in design.
Dobsonian mounts are well suited for visual observing of the stars and planets.
Dobsonian reflectors represent the best aperture per dollar of any telescope.
Dobsonian telescopes are a well known design with a mount configured for easy viewing.
Dobsonian telescopes offer big thin mirrors with stable, inexpensive altazimuth mounts.
Doc files are the large, Palm-readable, text files.
Doc files are the most common, but there are many other types of pdb databases.
Doc format is fine, but too basic.
Doc strings are in structured text format.
Doc absorbs some nasty punches and energy blasts from Paragon.
Doc asks for a whole apple pie.
Doc call no.
Doc comes in the door.
Doc continues to be a leading authority on Real Property Taxation.
Doc finishes the phrase.
Doc gives back the ship.
Doc isa adult.
Doc lets administrators and authors control access to documents.
Doc nails it.
Doc starts the fire.
Doc takes over the ship.
Doc travels the country performing with symphony orchestras, jazz ensembles and big bands.
DOCs also tend to give the skin and cere and orange-ish coloration.
Docs are a little scant.
Docs are a little thin right now, but are coming soon.
Docs are a little thin right now, but more coming soon.
Docs are a little thin right now.
Docs are available here .
Docs are available in English and German.
Docs are comfortable shoes.
Docs are in text and html format.
Docs are in the usual place .
Docs are more than adequate.
Docs are often surprised by how much they learn.
Docs are online and satisfactory.
Docs are only a small text file.
Docs are out of the loop now, and so are hospitals.
Docs are really happy to find it and then blame the symptoms on that.
Docs are really happy with the surger and the outcome.
Docs are searchable and bookmarkable.
DOCS has crews are prepared to work over the weekend.
DOCS has crews prepared to work over the weekend.
Docs have (part) adult bodies.
Docs have (part) arms.
Docs have (part) body substances.
Docs have (part) cell membranes.
Docs have (part) cells.
Docs have (part) corpi.
Docs have (part) cytoplasm.
Docs have (part) heads.
Docs have (part) legs.
Docs have (part) necks.
Docs have (part) nuclei.
Docs have (part) personality.
Docs have (part) plasma membranes.
Docs have (part) sections.
Docs have (part) vacuoles.
Docs have the UK size printed inside.
DOCS indicates how to get some help on using the program.
DOCS is an intermediate step to resolve the issues.
DOCS is usually for word processing files.
DOCS keeps moving inmates from one prison to another for security reasons.
Docs provide advice.
Docs provide general information.
Docs provide information.
Docs say it probably autonomic and sympathetic nervous system related.
All DOCs are subject to change without notice.
ALL docs know that self-hypnosis is the best way to get rid of multiple and recurrent warts.
All docs say no to surgery to clean out the crunchies and have prescribed drug after drug.
Every doc has the style sheet embedded in it.
Most docs have few questions.
Most docs suggest wearing only a sports bra after surgery.
Some docs are conservative and want to wait a while, while others are ready to go ahead.
Some docs are too quick to do a medication trial without making an accurate diagnosis.
Some docs do that, especially in critical consent situations.
Some docs have officers.
Some docs leave husbands.
Docent duty can be a physical as well as mental workout.
Docent services are free with admission.
Docent tours are available by appointment.
Docent tours are available by reservation only.
Docent tours are available upon request, and some restrictions apply to group tour visits.
Docent tours are available.
Docent tours are participatory experiences with emphasis on discussion and exchange of ideas.
All docent tours are free of charge.
Docent training is available for tour guides.
Docent training is offered twice a year.
Docent training takes place twice a year.
A docent is a teacher
Docent is a Latin term that describes a leader or teacher.
Docent is a lot of fun because it's never boring.
Docent is a software company.
Docent is a very good choice.
Docent is the Latin word for teacher.
Docent provides e-learning management.
Docent provides technology for creating, delivering, and managing learning across organizations.
Docents acccompany each class group to different sites where they meet costumed interpreters.
Docents act as aides in children's classes at the museum and assist in community outreach programs.
Docents act as interpreters.
Docents actively engage visitors in learning about art.
Docents aid in feeding, cleaning, exercising, and general care of the farm animals.
Docents also assist in designing new programs for different populations of visitors.
Docents also assist students in the lab.
Docents also count the sea lions, and look for tagged or injured animals and unusual species.
Docents also guide in-museum tours.
Docents also serve as greeters at the reception desk.
Docents are adults of all ages, walks of life and educational backgrounds.
Docents are always available to answer questions regarding the garden.
Docents are always in attendance to direct visitors, answer questions and give out garden brochures.
Docents are available at various exhibits to share information and stories.
Docents are available for pre-scheduled visits.
Docents are available in the aquarium to lead tours.
Docents are available to answer questions.
Docents are available to assist visitors on their web-surfing expeditions.
Docents are available to conduct tours at all grade levels.
Docents are available.
Docents are experts in the history and science of the fossils on exhibit.
Docents are lecturers, teachers, educators, and tour guides.
Docents are located in museums.
Docents are museum volunteers who are trained to give tours.
Docents are on duty for tours.
Docents are on hand to answer questions and full tours are available by prior appointment.
Docents are on hand to answer questions.
Docents are on hand to share information.
Docents are our trained volunteer guides.
Docents are responsible for leading school tour groups through the museum.
Docents are responsible for researching and writing their own inquiry-based tours.
Docents are teachers, leading guided tours to our visitors.
Docents are teachers.
Docents are vital to our tours program.
Docents are volunteer teachers sharing their interest in animals with people of all ages.
Docents are volunteers who have been trained to give tours of the museum.
Docents are volunteers who have received special training and lead tour groups through the museum.
Docents are volunteers.
Docents can also volunteer to give one hour outreach programs to students at area schools.
Docents can lead students through all current exhibitions or focus on one gallery.
Docents come from all walks of life and all levels of experience.
Docents come from all walks of life.
Docents come from many walks of life.
Docents complete a comprehensive training program.
Docents conduct tours of the museum for weekend visitors as well as special tours for local schools.
Docents conduct walk-through tours for hundreds of visitors.
Docents continue to attend monthly training sessions on the collection and special exhibitions.
Docents describe characteristics of the market place to visitors.
Docents do everything at the observatory to keep it operating.
Docents don' t have to rotate jobs.
Docents dressed in period costume conduct the tours and give information about each home or inn.
Docents employ stories, games, and lively discussion to hold student interest.
Docents encourage students to make comparisons between past and present lifestyles.
Docents explain daily colonial family life.
Docents explain displays.
Docents facilitate the learning process through an interactive discussion with tour participants.
Docents fit into two categories based on availability.
Docents gain valuable skills in museum education and public speaking.
Docents generally escort two or three groups per month depending on the schedule.
Docents generally work without direct supervision or assistance.
Docents give tours for school groups, scouts, the general public.
Docents give tours, staff the gift shop and nursery and work on various garden events.
Docents go through a rigorous eight hour training program to prepare for their role.
Docents go through rigorous training to learn about the collections and special exhibits at museums.
Docents guide school groups through all areas of the museum.
Docents guide visitors through the house and answer questions.
Docents have an easier time with the weather when it comes to physics tours.
Docents have an opportunity to learn new skills while utilizing and expanding their current talents.
Docents have to be coordinated for the children's museum.
Docents help library users find materials and learn how to use the computer catalog.
Docents help older students collect data about the prairie ecosystem.
Docents help visitors examine natural history and anthropological objects up close.
Docents help visitors to extract DNA and to test water for chemicals and food for additives.
Docents interact with groups through inquiry, gallery games, storytelling and hands-on activities.
Docents lead activities in the woods in search of interdependence.
Docents lead guided walks in the Garden.
Docents lead hikers through paved trails along a bluff and a habitat corridor.
Docents lead museum tours and assist with educational activities.
Docents lead students in discussions of the food chain and ecological issues.
Docents lead tours designed especially for school children.
Docents lead tours of the garden and participate in special training sessions.
Docents lead tours through the historic home.
Docents lead tours throughout the year for children and adult groups.
Docents learn garden history, uses of medicinal herbs, herbal lore, and plant identification.
Docents meet tour participants in a working avocado and citrus research grove.
Docents narrate the stories behind each chapel and mosaic.
Docents offer first hand experience of such dairy farm activities as cream separation for visitors.
Docents offer first-hand experience of such dairy farm activities as cream separation for visitors.
Docents offer historic sites guided tours by appointments only.
Docents offer tours of the building and churchyard.
Docents only work one weekend day about once every two to three months.
Docents participate in a five-month initial training program with four hours of training per week.
Docents participate in a multi-week training course offered every fall.
Docents perform a variety of important functions.
Docents present one-hour, interactive programs that explore past lifeways using artifact kits.
Docents provide daily guided tours of the permanent collection.
Docents provide free, fun-filled tours for families with children.
Docents provide hour-long tours to public and tour groups.
Docents provide insight without forming judgments.
Docents provide students with the art education that many schools can no longer offer.
Docents receive museum training, art education and supervision for all positions.
Docents receive on-going training for changing exhibitions, as well as permanent collections.
Docents receive special training in art history and effective touring techniques.
Docents select works of art from several areas of the collection.
Docents serve as car hosts and roundhouse tour guides.
Docents serve as volunteer educators.
Docents staff various programs providing conservation education information to the public.
Docents take tickets, hand out brochures and point to restrooms.
Docents tell fascinating stories of Utah history and demonstrate life as it was then.
Docents There are programs which require help from adults.
Docents typically work one or two four-hour shifts per week.
Docents use reproduction tools and implements to work in the fields, gardens, and structures.
Docents view videos, study selected books, and share the experience of seasoned docents.
Docents visit schools to display animals and talk about what happens at the zoo.
Docents welcome guests when the house is open to the public.
Docents work as often as they like, and many commit to a regular day of each month for service.
Docents work two-hour shifts.
Docents work with all ages, work indoors and outdoors, and have flexible schedules.
Docents usually volunteer about six hours a month.
All docents participate in ongoing training related to aesthetics, art history, and tour techniques.
Many docents enjoy working and socializing with other natural history lovers.
Many docents find their museum experience to be powerfully enriching.
Many docents speak foreign languages, a distinct advantage in polyglot Washington.
Many docents train in crafts of the period and give costumed demonstrations.
More docents are always welcome.
Most docents begin working with a trained docent until they feel ready to pick their own day.
Most docents guide at least one tour each month.
Most docents volunteer for a three-hour shift either weekly or every other week.
Some docents prefer to lead tours, while others assist with administrative tasks.
Some docents sell fish cones on weekends.
Docentled tours bring the Inn's past and present to life.
Dock plate is fully adjustable for desired wheel height.
Dock plates are also available.
Dock space is adequate and there is an easy boat ramp.
Dock space is available at all three.
Dock space is subject to availability.
A dock worker is a laborer
Dock workers compete for jobs.
A dock is an enclosure
Dock also recharges camera batteries.
Dock closes at sundown.
Dock Create a new topic to add to the discussion group.
Dock is a good example.
Dock is a pioneer in a field known as philanthropic marketing.
Dock is an academic docking program capable of processing large databases of compounds.
Dock is an automatic procedure for docking a molecule into a receptor site.
Dock is an enclosure where the defendant stands or sits in a criminal court.
Dock is at stage level.
Dock is complete.
Dock is freely available to academic institutions, but is licensed with a charge to industry.
Dock is hearty and drinks.
Dock is in the buckwheat family.
Dock is smooth, as is window dragging.
Dock is still in use for work on small vessels.
Dock is straight ahead adjacent to the white and blue ticket booth.
Dock is the bruiser.
Dock needs repairs.
Dock truly is an innovator.
Docks are a great place to see the bay.
Docks are available for land-loving anglers, and deer frequently entertain visitors.
Docks are available for visitors who enjoy boating and fishing.
Docks are available on the island for private boats.
Docks are body parts.
Docks are crucial structures in Great Lakes small-craft harbors.
Docks are due to go in sometime next week.
Docks are enclosures.
Docks are herbs.
Docks are in.
Docks are landings.
Docks are moorings.
Docks are part of seaports.
Docks are part of tails.
Docks are platforms.
Docks are semi-private.
Docks are slippery in wet and rainy Seattle and sometimes accidents happen.
Docks are very good year-around.
Docks can be custom made to suit individual applications or provided from available designs.
Docks can now center-align to the edges of the screen and grow in both directions.
Docks can yield trophy largemouth.
Docks extend into a quiet cove.
Docks have brick banks, handrails and good ledge.
Docks jut out into the lake at several locations, from which anglers can toss in a line.
Docks make no appeal to the imagination of the public and cost a great deal of money.
Docks require a different sort of care than walking on ordinary roads.
Docks sit in a protected bay.
Docks stretch over what looks like a field of rocks and head-high weeds.
Docks take longer to build than boats.
Docks use ships walkie-talkie frequency when actual loading is taking place.
Docks using hold-down rails are also available.
All docks feature spotless, barrier free restrooms.
All docks have electrical outlets for battery charging.
Many docks also use truck restraint systems.
Most docks do produce interference between burbles.
Some docks keep the surrounding water from freezing over by using a motored agitator.
A dockage is an arrival
Dockage also is available.
Dockage is alongside the floats attached to the pier.
Dockage is another problem.
Dockage is available for boaters.
Dockage is available.
Dockage is charged by the day or by a season pass rate for unlimited docking.
Dockage is complementary.
Dockage is on a first come, first serve basis.
Dockage is provided for restaurant patrons only.
Dockage is the unwanted material that is removed during grain cleaning.
Dockages are fees.
A docker is a laborer
Dockers are companies.
Dockers are the complete reverse.
Dockers fight against deregulation, worldwide.
Dockers insist on getting their old jobs back.
Dockers is also one of the most hip and visually attractive sites on the Web.
Dockers is great.
Dockers now scrutinize the stock-exchange index with unaccustomed zeal.
Dockers release to celebration.
Dockers say goodbye to international delegates.
Dockers wear is also convertible friendly.
Docket numbers start over with number one at each new term.
A docket is a program
Docket shows attorneys' names, litigants' names, and cause of action.
Dockets are calendars.
Dockets are for both Civil and Criminal actions.
Dockets are usually in the mornings.
Dockets Enter the hearing date before clicking the appropriate docket button.
All dockets listed are subject to change .
Many dockets accept comments via e-mail.
Docking ports can even rip off when put under too much stress.
Docking station folds up.
Docking stations allow laptops to be converted to a desktop setup.
Docking stations can offer what port replicators do, and sometimes a lot more.
Most docking stations are fairly large.
Some docking stations contain additional hard drives or memory.
Docking can be rather difficult.
Docking can be very cool, but it can still be a bit buggy.
Docking can proceed after the structures are available.
Docking involves flying close to an object and matching speed with it.
Docking is a cruel, wicked thing.
Docking is a modeling process in which the interactions between molecules are examined.
Docking is alongside a bulkhead and at stationary docks with finger piers and tie-off pilings.
Docking is alongside new stationary docks.
Docking is available for guest boats.
Docking is but one application.
Docking is carried out to protect the future welfare of the whelp.
Docking is carried out when puppies are tiny.
Docking is difficult.
Docking is easy because there is no current and there are floating docks.
Docking is free and convenient for our patrons.
Docking is now illegal in Australia, South Africa and Scotland.
Docking is optional.
Docking is permitted as space is available and within posted times.
Docking is permitted during daylight hours.
Docking is really just a special case of Anchoring.
Docking is the process of removing the tail to prevent problems from fly strike.
Docking is within easy walking distance of restaurants and stores.
Docking requires dynamics.
Docking specifically refers to joining of two separate free-flying space vehicles.
Dockings are arrivals.
Every docking is different.
A dockworker is a laborer
Dockworkers plan to shut down the port.
A dockyard is a waterfront
Dockyard launches it's last ship, No.
Dockyards are waterfronts.
Dockyards line the harbors and employ more workers than any other industry.
DoCoMo executives are concerned about growing competition in the very lucrative Japanese market.
Docrinal gems Go back to the Bible and the Book of Mormon Doctrinal gems from the best books.
DOCS continues to assist the affected counties as needed.
DOCS is a computer program which generates the staff schedule.
Docs use it to maintain the mystery of medical nomenclature.
Most docs provide advice.
Most docs provide general information.
Most docs provide information.
Some docs also use italic type for placeholders.
Doctor blades are extremely sharp and require care in handling.
Doctor blades ensure a uniform thickness.
Doctor octopus is a nine-two homologue forging heavy dominance of the cytocosm over eons of time.
Doctors of chiropractic are specialists in manual therapy, including spinal manipulation.
Doctors of optometry treat and manage eye diseases.
Doctor shortages are now a serious concern in many communities.
Doctor shortages shift with changes in national health care policy.
A doctor is a medical man
Doctor also claims that the curfew law ridicules the First Amendment.
Doctor are generic terms.
Doctor are pains in the butt.
Doctor argues that both tests are satisfied.
Doctor arrives in examining room.
Doctor attaches a dose-specific, signed prescription to the application.
Doctor becomes patient becomes patient advocate.
Doctor believe around all chest however dry Estimating job cost software.
Doctor brings from town our dinner, to save our going down.
Doctor calls back, sounding annoyed.
Doctor Calls on the Ill.
Doctor can assist with transition.
Doctor can give handouts about diets, exercises and disease info to patients in three languages.
Doctor can no longer practice due to health.
Doctor can substitute barium enema for sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy.
Doctor can wear academic gown and cap and carry an sbsurdly-large syringe.
Doctor carves initials.
Doctor claims that the campaign is about tolerance.
Doctor comes from the Latin doctor , or teacher, which derives from docere , to teach.
Doctor comes in one day.
Doctor comes in.
Doctor comes into the examination room.
Doctor comes to class.
Doctor comes up after the accountant to become one of the pack.
Doctor compare until a education both enjoy wolfpack clothes.
Doctor continues routine exam and evaluates and initiates further testing for other diagnoses.
Doctor does mapping off and on.
Doctor drops out of practice after scandal, takes job as airplane mechanic.
Doctor examines the bladder.
Doctor examines the urethra.
Doctor expects the person who stops pedling is the one who is cured.
Doctor feels researchers shouldn t duck their responsibilities.
Doctor finds curious skill among educated women.
Doctor finds new home for practice in tiny town .
Doctor gets full payment for services after bankruptcy is declared.
Doctor gives a drug or does surgery.
Doctor goes to the rear of the ship for a banknote.
Doctor has chart showing the human skull.
Doctor has to report it to the police.
Doctor hoping unto most choice still threaten Ocean fish.
Doctor is a lousy mind reader.
Doctor is aghast.
Doctor is all emotion.
Doctor is also a licensed pharmacist.
Doctor is always reachable via pager.
Doctor is amazed.
Doctor is arrested over death of patient .
Doctor is available on call at the nearest station.
Doctor is busy and wants to reduce work hours, take more holidays.
Doctor is derived from the Latin word for teacher.
Doctor is from the Latin, docere, to teach.
Doctor is in attendance.
Doctor is the first name.
Doctor is to disease as police officer is to crime .
Doctor is to order measurement of peak flow per order sheet including frequency.
Doctor isa adult.
Doctor keeps up with most insurances.
Doctor likewise Beginning cheat one enemy in the splendid walking advice.
Doctor notes the difference in skin temp.
Doctor now perscribes antibiotics.
Doctor performs hernia examination.
Doctor plans to promote the campaign at high schools throughout the county.
Doctor plans to retire.
Doctor prescribes a laxative.
Doctor prescribes another drug, stronger drug, or surgery.
Doctor provides the name of the medication, dosage and strength.
Doctor quickly inserts the aspiration needle into the joint space.
Doctor recommends the band cancels following week's shows also.
Doctor recommends vacation.
Doctor removes nerve interference.
Doctor removes the source of pain when needed .
Doctor removes the source of pain when needed.
Doctor renews prescription bi-monthly.
Doctor returns home to Denver.
Doctor runs thru most pre-owned volvos new york.
Doctor say febrile seizures are harmless in themselves, but they scare parents witless.
Doctor say that word.
Doctor says it suggests that kissing plays some role in tramission of diseases.
Doctor says it wa'ant too bad.
Doctor says it's stress.
Doctor says morphine is next.
Doctor says so.
Doctor seeking privileges lacks standing to bring breach of contract action against hospital.
Doctor seems to be a very hopeful man.
Doctor seems to understand the protocol.
Doctor walks in.
Doctor wants someone to build practice with buy in opportunity.
Doctor wants to move.
Doctor wants to set up else where in same area.
Doctors accept insurance assignment as payment in full.
Doctors access information.
Doctors access medical sites for many reasons, and two important factors are content and community.
Doctors access patient information and other resources from the doctors' lounge or their offices.
Doctors acknowledge that damaged feet lead to to other physical problems.
Doctors acknowledge that most disease enters the body through the bowel.
Doctors acknowledge that most organisms enter the body through the bowel.
Doctors acquire problems.
Doctors actually put burn marks on the heart to close the pathways.
Doctors administer many tests but find no physical or psychological problem.
Doctors administer morphine to patients in hospitals.
Doctors administer tests.
Doctors admit there are large gaps in their understanding of epilepsy.
Doctors adopt concept of paperless office.
Doctors advise against use with heavy drinking, in order to lower the risk of stomach problems.
Doctors advise against warm treatments, which can intensify itching.
Doctors advise arthroscopy.
Doctors advise avoiding slugs and snails.
Doctors advise going long on vaccine shots.
Doctors advise men with severed penises to first stop any bleeding.
Doctors advise parents to get their children tested if they are in high-risk categories.
Doctors advise patients.
Doctors advise people to cover up in sunny weather, and to avoid sunburn if at all possible.
Doctors advise pregnant women.
Doctors advise that BAT is very patient friendly.
Doctors advise that dust is the last great medium of human infection.
Doctors advise that immediate surgery is necessary.
Doctors advise watching the injury.
Doctors advise woman to avoid caffeine during pregnancy and lactation.
Doctors advise women.
Doctors advocate pain relief for circumcision.
Doctors agree that avoidance is the most effective allergy treatment.
Doctors agree that early detection of cancer is crucial to improve survival rates.
Doctors agree that females bear physical pain far better than males do.
Doctors agree that human health problems can be linked to nervous stress.
Doctors agree that it's still unclear how microdermabrasion works.
Doctors agree that landing is an akle's worst enemy when it comes to basketball.
Doctors agree that laser treatment carries the smallest amount of side effects.
Doctors agree that monthly self-examination is the key to early detection.
Doctors agree that muscle cramps are a frequent sign of dehydration.
Doctors agree that prevention is the best approach to constipation.
Doctors agree that temporary treatment is proven to work.
Doctors agree that the logic in the idea is reasonable.
Doctors agree that the most effective weapon for fighting disease is knowing how to prevent it.
Doctors agree the issue deserves more study.
Doctors aim to find out why the parent is so worried and explain the facts simply.
Doctors allow people to live longer, occupational therapists allow people to live better.
Doctors already act collectively and can do so morally.
Doctors already feel beleaguered and flooded by paperwork.
Doctors already have consent forms.
Doctors already have some drugs available to maintain abstinence.
Doctors already know about the cancer link.
Doctors already know how a busy schedule can cloud someone s thinking to spiritual realities.
Doctors already know that beta blocker drugs can blunt the morning peak in heart attacks.
Doctors also advise families to safeguard the patient's good mood.
Doctors also are a focus of the education campaign.
Doctors also are unsure of why the risk of fracture increases so quickly.
Doctors also can be influenced be patient requests for certain drugs, research suggests.
Doctors also can be influenced by patient requests for certain drugs, research suggests.
Doctors also caution against hand-shaking or exposure to sudden drops in air temperature.
Doctors also caution that soft bedding in the crib can increase risk.
Doctors also check for restless leg syndrome or cramps.
Doctors also deny that air pollution is responsible for the increased incidence of asthma.
Doctors also do an examination to check for breast cancer, or any abnormalities in the breast.
Doctors also earn two times more there.
Doctors also encourage eating healthy foods that are high in folic acid.
Doctors also examine the ploidy, or number of sets of chromosomes in a cancer cell.
Doctors also face tough ethical issues, particularly when they accept risk contracts.
Doctors also find it a struggle to keep up with the latest developments in their fields.
Doctors also get the medico-legal protection that virtually nothing was overlooked.
Doctors also give injections and do operations.
Doctors also have a chance to explain problems in their records.
Doctors also have a financial responsibility to the hospital.
Doctors also have a reputation for being difficult patients.
Doctors also have access to much more effective medication than they did many years ago.
Doctors also have cause for concern.
Doctors also have mixed feelings about physical exams.
Doctors also have no idea what brought it on or how to cure it.
Doctors also have to weigh up the risks to a woman's health of pregnancy late in life.
Doctors also know that stress can exacerbate many illnesses.
Doctors also lack knowledge about the history of and physical examination for melanoma.
Doctors also look for signs of hand preference in an infant.
Doctors also monitor trigylceride levels in the blood.
Doctors also offer guidance to parents on when to seek professional help and where to look.
Doctors also prescribe antidepressant medications to treat insomnia.
Doctors also provide emergency after-hours care.
Doctors also pursue different combinations of the treatments listed above.
Doctors also question computer algorithms used to find billing errors.
Doctors also receive their very own unique web site and e-mail address .
Doctors also recommend a blood count or iron ferritin test.
Doctors also recommend bottled water for infants under a year old.
Doctors also recommend dietary and lifestyle changes.
Doctors also recommend exercises and physical therapy to improve mobility and coordination.
Doctors also recommend that patients regularly shampoo their hair.
Doctors also recommend that the diet be reinforced by multivitamins and folic acid.
Doctors also remove a number of undissolved stiches from previous operation.
Doctors also report numerous eye infections.
Doctors also say that the women in the study found the patch a welcome change from taking the pill.
Doctors also share part of the blame.
Doctors also stress the importance of exercise to condition and stretch muscles.
Doctors also study scientific journals and books and, of course, manage clinic business.
Doctors also suffer from the common human characteristic of being resistant to change.
Doctors also suspect a link between low calcium levels and high blood pressure.
Doctors also tell people who are at risk of heart attack to take one baby aspirin a day.
Doctors also test the body's response to fructose and glucose given intravenously.
Doctors also test younger or older children who are at high risk for exposure to lead.
Doctors also transplant immature stem cells from the limbus.
Doctors also treat cancerous lymph nodes with radiation.
Doctors also turn to cesarean for other reasons.
Doctors also use a colonoscopy to determine if there is any inflammation in the small intestine.
Doctors also use a pressure gauge monitor and a specially-designed hand holder during the procedure.
Doctors also use a variety of drugs that dilate the airways and help ward off infections.
Doctors also use blood tests and x-rays to diagnose lymphoma.
Doctors also use blood tests and x-rays to help diagnose lymphoma.
Doctors also use bone, cartilage, skin and corneas in transplants.
Doctors also use gamma rays to find disease .
Doctors also use gamma rays to find disease.
Doctors also use hormone therapy.
Doctors also use lasers to treat spider veins.
Doctors also use lasers to vaporize tissue and tumors, or to seal blood vessels.
Doctors also use radioactive substances as tracers.
Doctors also use terms that describe the location of the stone in the urinary tract.
Doctors also use the device to prescribe drugs.
Doctors also use the same device to relieve severe back problems and neurological conditions.
Doctors also use ultrasound to guide the removal of tissue samples during a needle biopsy.
Doctors also visit clinics and health centres on a regular basis.
Doctors also warn of internal injuries that can occur from the shattered fragments.
Doctors also watch for disturbance of the rhythm of the heartbeat.
Doctors analyze whether a child exhibits specified behaviors before reaching a conclusion.
Doctors answer questions submitted by the site's users and evaluate trends in medicine.
Doctors appear more reluctant.
Doctors appear to be baffled.
Doctors apply tests.
Doctors approach the operating table with something of the same trepidation.
Doctors approve of natural supplements in most parts of the world.
Doctors are a big market for pagers and messengers.
Doctors are a dime a dozen.
Doctors are a good example of an advisor.
Doctors are a good example.
Doctors are a good resource for referrals to acupuncturists.
Doctors are a lot brighter than the police.
Doctors are a lot more willing to prescribe it than other pain meds that are considered narcotics.
Doctors are a male dominated profession, and nursing is a female dominated profession.
Doctors are a mystery to most patients.
Doctors are a new priesthood who treat the helpless, innocent victims of disease.
Doctors are a very important constituency in changing and improving practice.
Doctors are able to differentiate between normal and abnormal brainwave patterns.
Doctors are able to find the probable cause of infertility in about eighty percent of all cases.
Doctors are able to fold the graft into the shape of a slender tube, about the size of a pencil.
Doctors are able to monitor patients for severe physical symptoms of crack withdrawal.
Doctors are able to open arteries deep inside the brain without making any incisions in the skull.
Doctors are able to provide more accurate diagnoses and prescribe more effective treatments.
Doctors are able to save earlier and earlier premature babies.
Doctors are able, in certain situations, to act from a position of moral superiority.
Doctors are about to get a change in provincial legislation they've waited a long time for.
Doctors are abrupt with patients.
Doctors are afraid of losing their patients.
Doctors are afraid of malpractice, patient is afraid of death.
Doctors are afraid.
Doctors are all too happy to oblige.
Doctors are already in search of a matching donor.
Doctors are also a distance.
Doctors are also a good source of additional help for therapy, surgeons, and social workers.
Doctors are also business people.
Doctors are also concerned.
Doctors are also difficult to talk to.
Doctors are also dissatisfied.
Doctors are also emphatic about the necessity of psychological support.
Doctors are also human beings, family members themselves, with kids of their own.
Doctors are also human with human limitations and faults like ordinary people.
Doctors are also human, and they have their own problems.
Doctors are also notorious for ambiguous communication.
Doctors are also often in the best position to notice many of the changes discussed.
Doctors are also sometimes vague about money matters.
Doctors are also subject to having their licenses suspended or revoked.
Doctors are also victims of the scam.
Doctors are always available to consult with the trained staff who make the decisions.
Doctors are always dull characters anyways.
Doctors are always the prescribers for the first group and are often the prescribers for the second.
Doctors are amazed as no medical intervention aside from blood thinner for the stroke.
Doctors are amazed at the results their patients are having.
Doctors are amazed.
Doctors are among the growing number of people who are using modems.
Doctors are among the most important people in the world.
Doctors are an example.
Doctors are an excellent target audience for most every targeted consumer campaign.
Doctors are apparently hungry for information.
Doctors are at odds as to the source of the seizures.
Doctors are at the top of the hospital hierarchy.
Doctors are at times required to be available to testify in court for weeks on end.
Doctors are authorities and they believe authorities.
Doctors are authority figures upon whom patients depend for their very survival.
Doctors are available at specified times by appointment only.
Doctors are available each afternoon.
Doctors are available for discussion upon patient request.
Doctors are available on special help lines to tell people how to deal with the heat.
Doctors are available there during trekking season.
Doctors are available to do routine out-patient surgery.
Doctors are available whenever needed.
Doctors are aware of sinusitis of fungal origin.
Doctors are aware that their costs per patient, including hospital stays, are under constant review.
Doctors are baffled and never heard of such a casee.
Doctors are better at treating cancer because they have been taught the realities of cancer.
Doctors are better than policeman.
Doctors are busier than ever, with little time to learn about new drugs on their own.
Doctors are busy and don t have time to teach patients all about it.
Doctors are busy people and more than that, they are human.
Doctors are busy people and their time is often limited.
Doctors are busy they see many patients each day.
Doctors are busy, and labs get backed up.
Doctors are busy.
Doctors are by nature extremely conservative and slow to adopt new ideas.
Doctors are capable of care.
Doctors are capable of prescribe treatments.
Doctors are clever people.
Doctors are clueless.
Doctors are concerned about an epidemic of childhood obesity in the United States.
Doctors are concerned about the rising death rate from asthma .
Doctors are concerned that it's still going to be too much cookbook, and too much detail.
Doctors are confident buying online.
Doctors are conscious being.
Doctors are consistently at the top or near the top in average income.
Doctors are currently unsure of exactly what happened.
Doctors are directly responsible for hooking millions of people on prescription drugs.
Doctors are experts at throwing scalpels.
Doctors are experts on life and death, so their word is final.
Doctors are experts.
Doctors are extortionists.
Doctors are fallible.
Doctors are familiar with the problem.
Doctors are fictional characters.
Doctors are first and foremost, servants.
Doctors are free to treat pregnant mothers with glyburide now.
Doctors are frequently impatient.
Doctors are frightened of the law.
Doctors are generally overworked and facilities overcrowded.
Doctors are good at preventing disease, assuming that their supply of owls' toes holds out.
Doctors are great.
Doctors are guardians and servants of human life .
Doctors are guardians and servants of human life.
Doctors are happier, patients are healthier.
Doctors are happiest when they are operating or seeing their patients.
Doctors are happy to report that the man has fully recovered.
Doctors are healers as well as resources.
Doctors are healers who use technology instead of faith.
Doctors are hesitant to treat pain and misery.
Doctors are hooded and have gold cap tassels.
Doctors are human and they do make mistakes.
Doctors are human beings too.
Doctors are human beings who went to medical school.
Doctors are human beings.
Doctors are human, and patients are human as well.
Doctors are human, they make mistakes.
Doctors are human.
Doctors are humans who make mistakes, but their intention is solely to save lives.
Doctors are imperative to the well being of any society.
Doctors are in business to help people as well as to make money.
Doctors are in business to sell surgery.
Doctors are in Marsh Harbor and the local people are extremely helpful in the event of an emergency.
Doctors are inaccurate doing it, and even the patient's immediate family can be very inaccurate.
Doctors are inappropriately concerned about addicting patients to narcotics.
Doctors are incredibly dishonest.
Doctors are independent and self-sufficient carriers of information and judgment.
Doctors are independent contractors.
Doctors are independent practitioners.
Doctors are independent, fee for service practitioners.
Doctors are infrequent, often transient visitors.
Doctors are intelligent professionals.
Doctors are just salespeople for large pharm.
Doctors are just worried about the money people have to pay for it.
Doctors are keen to emphasise the efficacy of the vaccine.
Doctors are killers.
Doctors are know recommending usage to patients who suffer from arthritis.
Doctors are less concerned about the aborting woman, than the potential recipient of the tissue.
Doctors are like anyone else.
Doctors are like most executives.
Doctors are limited to what they can do.
Doctors are located in clinics.
Doctors are located in dentists.
Doctors are located in doctors.
Doctors are located in emergency rooms.
Doctors are located in golf courses.
Doctors are located in medical offices.
Doctors are located in medical schools.
Doctors are located in nursing homes.
Doctors are lousy investors.
Doctors are medical practitioners.
Doctors are medics.
Doctors are more concerned with a general indication of the blood alcohol concentration.
Doctors are more familiar with blood testing.
Doctors are more likely to become addicts than any other group in society.
Doctors are more likely to test because the topic is in the media.
Doctors are more optimistic.
Doctors are more proactive in detecting suicidal behavior.
Doctors are most concerned when the cause is B hemolytic strep .
Doctors are most positive.
Doctors are mostly likely to pay attention to messages from other doctors.
Doctors are much more educated about cancer and how to deal with cancer.
Doctors are much more than specialized technicians.
Doctors are narrowly specialized.
Doctors are no different than presidents, judges, prosecutors.
Doctors are no exception.
Doctors are no help they just prescibe sleeping pills which is the worst.
Doctors are no longer a patient s sole source of information.
Doctors are no longer gods.
Doctors are no longer guardians of our health .
Doctors are no longer the only ones always on call.
Doctors are normal.
Doctors are notorious for running late.
Doctors are notorious for their scribbles.
Doctors are notorious for their sloppy handwriting.
Doctors are notoriously unavailable at such times, but the corner pharmacist is always there.
Doctors are now able to transplant eight nonfunctioning organs.
Doctors are now able to use lasers for surgery.
Doctors are now armed with effective treatments for stroke.
Doctors Are Now Available.
Doctors are now aware of risk factors such as heredity, poor diet and smoking.
Doctors are now easy targets.
Doctors are now permanently available in the delivery suite.
Doctors are now well aware of the condition and realise that it is often mild.
Doctors are of little use.
Doctors are often conservative of complementary or non-traditional treatment options.
Doctors are often less than forthright about side-effects.
Doctors are often religious, and they're entitled to be.
Doctors are often selective of their clientele.
Doctors are often unaware that their patients have executed medical directives.
Doctors are often uneasy when they see different size babies in the same womb and suspect problems.
Doctors are on-call after hours.
Doctors are one source of future union activism.
Doctors are only able to treat ten percent of the children due to lack of medicine.
Doctors are only people.
Doctors are optimistic about chances for a full recovery.
Doctors are optimistic, especially after tests on plastic-based models.
Doctors are our most important component.
Doctors are outraged and feel helpless.
Doctors are overwhelmingly positive in their evaluation.
Doctors are paramount in getting consumers to share information with a site.
Doctors are paranoid.
Doctors are part-time.
Doctors are patients too.
Doctors are people and sometimes with complicated cases, they become worn out.
Doctors are people too.
Doctors are people, and people have hang-ups and flaws and quirks.
Doctors are people, too.
Doctors are people.
Doctors are perhaps the best educated and most judicious members of society.
Doctors are pessimistic.
Doctors are play.
Doctors are pleased with the girls' progress, however, and optimistic about their recovery.
Doctors are practitioners who are involved in the medical profession.
Doctors are practitioners.
Doctors are present at all times, as are nurses, a psychologist and social worker.
Doctors are pretty unhappy and patients are pretty unhappy.
Doctors are professionals who routinely have human lives in their hands.
Doctors are professionals.
Doctors are professionals.
Doctors are quacks.
Doctors are quick to point out that patients themselves often demand allergy drugs by name.
Doctors are quite busy with the sick.
Doctors are rather strict about that here in Sweden.
Doctors are reluctant to create guidelines because they feel that medicine is too subjective.
Doctors are reluctant to recommend it to their patients because of legal or medical concerns.
Doctors are reluctant to scare their patients.
Doctors are responsible to provide the perfect, painless cure.
Doctors are right to distrust the government.
Doctors are scarce in Asiatic Russia.
Doctors are scared and patients are suffering the pain and the consequences of antiquated laws.
Doctors are scholars.
Doctors are scientists.
Doctors are smart people.
Doctors are so overbooked they scarcely have time to talk to their patients.
Doctors are so quick to give a pill for every little problem without knowing why it is happening.
Doctors are some of the most technologically illiterate people out there.
Doctors are sometimes hesitant to prescribe steroids because of the side effects.
Doctors are sometimes reluctant to prescribe narcotic analgesics due to the possiblity of addiction.
Doctors are somewhat divided.
Doctors are sponges for knowledge.
Doctors are still afraid to advise patients to use it.
Doctors are still old-fashioned in many ways.
Doctors are still positive.
Doctors are still unclear about the condition .
Doctors are still unclear about the condition.
Doctors are still unsure about exactly what causes cancer.
Doctors are subject to trends in cultural thinking like everyone else.
Doctors are such individuals.
Doctors are teachers.
Doctors are the decision-makers to recommend our services.
Doctors are the easy heroes to find here.
Doctors are the obvious choice.
Doctors are the ones who brought politics into the medical marketplace.
Doctors are the ones who have to be suspicious.
Doctors are the ones who see cancer patients and poisoning victims on a daily basis.
Doctors are the persons who usually trigger the system which takes children away from parents.
Doctors are the principal salespeople of the drug companies.
Doctors are the worst business people in the world.
Doctors are the worst off.
Doctors are theologians.
Doctors are there to help patients understand their health.
Doctors are thus better able to target tumors without damaging nearby healthy tissue.
Doctors are tired of being told how to practice medicine by bean counters.
Doctors are too busy making money to keep up with scientific advances in medicine.
Doctors are twice .
Doctors are uncertain about what to blame for the climbing number of asthma cases.
Doctors are undecided as to whether personality disorder can be treated.
Doctors are under agreement to use a network lab whenever possible.
Doctors are under attack.
Doctors are unhappy.
Doctors are unsure what caused the problem.
Doctors are unsure whether that mass was a tangle of large tubes or a group of smaller organisms.
Doctors are unsure why.
Doctors are used for healing.
Doctors are used for heals.
Doctors are used for illnesses.
Doctors are usually also in the dark when it comes to bowel health and even bowel movements.
Doctors are usually willing to prescribe the pill, with or without parental consent.
Doctors are vehemently opposed to the idea.
Doctors are very careful and tend to err more on the side of caution.
Doctors are very concerned with our caloric intake.
Doctors are very mobile.
Doctors are very supportive of the thousands of patients who are using cannabis to treat themselves.
Doctors are very upset with it, and so are increasing numbers of patients.
Doctors are very well-educated, they are highly motivated, they work extremely hard.
Doctors are well aware of the joint tobacco-alcohol connection with tuberculosis.
Doctors are well on top of it.
Doctors are willing to make house calls to the main hotels in Prague.
Doctors are wonderful if they know what they're doing.
Doctors are wonderful people.
Doctors are workers.
Doctors are worried about the future of their practices.
Doctors are worried about the potential downside of steroid use in pregnant women.
Doctors are worse than shrinks that way.
Doctors are wrong.
Doctors are, admittedly, more assiduous than in the past about monitoring blood pressure.
Doctors are, for the most part, human.
Doctors arrive a bit early.
Doctors arrive at a diagnosis usually by ruling out other problems.
Doctors ask for samples.
Doctors ask for urine samples.
Doctors ask patients.
Doctors ask people.
Doctors ask questions about dyslexia .
Doctors ask samples.
Doctors ask urine samples.
Doctors assess individual situations.
Doctors assess situations.
Doctors assess symptoms.
Doctors attach the device to a nerve that goes to the brain.
Doctors attend their private patients first.
Doctors attribute the increase to a viral infection spreading through the state.
Doctors avoid prescribing opioid drugs to pregnant women.
Doctors balance obligations to patients when practicing medicine.
Doctors bear the costs of injuries that they negligently cause.
Doctors become doctors so they can help patients.
Doctors become gods.
Doctors become involved in expeditions for many reasons.
Doctors begin hand surgery.
Doctors begin surgery.
Doctors begin to suspect, and quickly confirm, that the bizarre disease is anthrax.
Doctors begin to use the pap test to detect cervical cancer.
Doctors believe a low-fiber diet is the main cause of diverticular disease.
Doctors believe bones adapt to the loads they're required to carry.
Doctors believe both genes and environment play a role in the disease.
Doctors believe immediate action is needed to tackle drug-resistant strains to prevent their spread.
Doctors believe it has something to do with the lifestyle of the Albanian people.
Doctors believe it prevents cancer cells from forming in the mouth.
Doctors believe it's due to change in fluctuations in the two hormones, estrogen and progesterone.
Doctors believe it's largely a lifestyle condition that can be prevented.
Doctors believe light has a biological effect on brain hormones and function.
Doctors believe male pattern hair loss is due to heredity and is dependent on hormonal effects.
Doctors believe most colon cancers begin as polyps.
Doctors believe that a lot of cancers have some genetic link.
Doctors believe that finding medical help fast increases the chances for recovery.
Doctors believe that fluctuating hormone levels trigger migraines.
Doctors believe that it is primarily aggravated by inhaling allergens.
Doctors believe that moderate exercise also can have a beneficial effect on the immune system.
Doctors believe that most cases of breast cancer in premenopausal women are genetically linked.
Doctors believe that most skin cancers can be avoided by preventing sun damage.
Doctors believe that people become infected by inhaling dust from rodent droppings.
Doctors believe that people with the condition are afraid of becoming anxious .
Doctors believe that people with the condition are afraid of becoming anxious.
Doctors believe that physical touch itself boosts levels of the hormone oxytocin.
Doctors believe that specific skin receptors can help filter and reduce pain.
Doctors believe that the pain is caused by a blood vessel pressing against the nerve.
Doctors believe that's because the activity required to care for a pet forces seniors to keep busy.
Doctors believe the appendix is left over from a previous time in human evolution.
Doctors believe the baby has brain damage and the cause is suspicious.
Doctors believe the cancer is passed down genetically from parents to children.
Doctors believe the depression develops because people are exposed to less sunlight during winter.
Doctors believe the filaments let bacteria climb easily into the uterus.
Doctors believe the increase in cases is due to the recent rain and flooding.
Doctors believe the left vagus nerve controls mood centers in the brain.
Doctors believe the link is due to the kidney's filtering system, comprised of nephrons.
Doctors believe the little girl had been the victim of ongoing abuse.
Doctors believe the real culprit is coincidence.
Doctors believe the surgery was successful and the prognosis for complete recovery is very good.
Doctors believe the ''tickle'' is caused by the stimulator's periodic pulses.
Doctors believe the yellow fever virus has been brought in from Brazil.
Doctors believe they removed all the disease.
Doctors benefit by learning how competing therapies compare with one another in a controlled trial.
Doctors blame severe, chronic heartburn, or acid reflux for more than half the cases.
Doctors block the blood flow by placing special particles in the targeted artery.
Doctors bring care.
Doctors bring their expertise to health care mutual funds.
Doctors bury their mistakes.
Doctors buy the drugs at deep discounts.
Doctors call a new drug the first truly promising medication for the disorder called sleep apnea.
Doctors call for inquiry into drug-subsidy reform plans.
Doctors call for the generic name.
Doctors call for vaccination of children, senior citizens and the chronically ill.
Doctors call high blood pressure the silent killer.
Doctors call it a new steroid-sparing approach to skin disease management .
Doctors call it a tumor and their answer is to cut out the tumor and throw it away.
Doctors call it allergic rhinitis.
Doctors call it atherosclerosis.
Doctors call it bunk because there is no data to support it.
Doctors call it cognitive dysfunction.
Doctors call it degenerative disc disease.
Doctors call it primary pulmonary hypertension only when all other diagnosis have been ruled out.
Doctors call it remission.
Doctors call it the calf muscle pump or peripheral heart.
Doctors call it the pill burden.
Doctors call it the priming concept.
Doctors call it the sleepless-nights problem.
Doctors call miscarriage spontaneous abortions.
Doctors call on lawmakers to override the governor's partial-birth abortion ban veto.
Doctors call such tissue swelling edema.
Doctors call that kind of pain acute pain.
Doctors call the condition dissynchrony.
Doctors call the drug a miracle.
Doctors call the problem otitis externa, or swimmer's ear.
Doctors can access a special hazmat drug box.
Doctors can access patient medical records over the Internet.
Doctors can accurately diagnose pregnancy with a blood test within a few days after a missed period.
Doctors can add themselves for free.
Doctors can adjust the settings of the vagal nerve stimulator with a lap top computer.
Doctors can administer radiation therapy in two ways.
Doctors can already treat the infection, called listeriosis, with standard antibiotics.
Doctors can also access clinical information and find links to other resources.
Doctors can also apply a topical anesthetic before the injection.
Doctors can also be an important source of help.
Doctors can also capture both digital images and video to share with consulting specialists.
Doctors can also cut costs by using an invoicing system for billing government or insurance firms.
Doctors can also easily enter their online CV for potential employers to view.
Doctors can also help prevent strokes by prescribing drugs that prevent new clots from forming.
Doctors can also look into the patient 's intestines with a camera on a tube called an endoscope .
Doctors can also look into the patient's intestines with a camera on a tube called an endoscope.
Doctors can also name some factors that just seem to complicate the puzzle.
Doctors can also order medical supplies and take continuing medical education courses.
Doctors can also play a role.
Doctors can also prescribe a topical estrogen cream to alleviate pain and tenderness.
Doctors can also provide some relief for people with psychiatric problems.
Doctors can also remove heart tissue with the needle for further examination.
Doctors can also surgically create an opening to divert urine away from the bladder.
Doctors can also take a biopsy or remove suspicious polyps during the colonoscopy.
Doctors can also take steps to ease a child's fears.
Doctors can also tell if the increase in truncal size is water or fat upon physical examination.
Doctors can also use laser beams to resurface the skin.
Doctors can also use low doses of cancer fighting drugs such as methotrexate and cyclosporin.
Doctors can also utilize IHC to share and seek opinions with other doctors across the world.
Doctors can also write written orders on their prescription forms.
Doctors can analyze the woman s family tree.
Doctors can and too many times make mistakes.
Doctors can assess their patients' conditions.
Doctors can avail of a special scheme to buy computers, medical equipment or lifestyle products.
Doctors can be difficult to reach.
Doctors can be frustrating.
Doctors can be mentors to students, medical students mentors to premedical students.
Doctors can be more judicious in how they tell patients about their conditions.
Doctors can be pretty dumb about their own health.
Doctors can be wrong.
Doctors can best treat a disease when they understand what causes it and how it progresses.
Doctors can call it in, or users can deliver it to the pharmacy by fax or mail.
Doctors can certainly wear one's patience down.
Doctors can change the shape or pattern, raise depressed scars or lower raised ones.
Doctors can check to see if they can feel the tumor during a rectal exam.
Doctors can choose between two therapies, either a laser or freezing technique.
Doctors can choose to attend a well-defined e.
Doctors can communicate results directly to patients.
Doctors can communicate with their patients.
Doctors can compete by understanding forces that determine any industry's profitability.
Doctors can conduct neuroimaging tests to identify bleeding in the brain.
Doctors can conduct surgery remotely, controlling robotic hands from great distances.
Doctors can confirm that a bone is broken by taking an X-ray.
Doctors can cure back pain.
Doctors can cure diseases but are of no use when it comes to spiritual illnesses.
Doctors can decrease the risk of unplanned pregnancy by increasing birth control medication levels.
Doctors can detect lung cancer through a number of different tests.
Doctors can detect pancreatic cancer through a number of different tests.
Doctors can detect the condition through a digital rectal exam.
Doctors can determine most accurately if twins are identical with DNA testing.
Doctors can diagnose an advanced case by looking at the skin.
Doctors can diagnose patients.
Doctors can diagnose ulcerative colitis in many different ways.
Doctors can do additional medical tests to check kidney and nervous system functions.
Doctors can do allergy tests to rule out common offenders.
Doctors can do it by being making appointments.
Doctors can do little except provide rehydration.
Doctors can do little except provide supportive rehydration therapy.
Doctors can do nothing to stop the regression and little for the symptoms.
Doctors can earn continuing education credits by completing course materials in the kit.
Doctors can easily cure a tapeworm infection with prescription anti-parasite drugs.
Doctors can easily diagnose a person with heart disease once they have symptoms.
Doctors can easily get around it with no problem.
Doctors can easily recognize an abscess on or just beneath the skin but often miss a deep abscess.
Doctors can easily veer into a specialized language that is impossible to decipher.
Doctors can either repair or replace the mitral valve, depending on the circumstances.
Doctors can expect to see more patients in their practices who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Doctors can feel like surrogate parents.
Doctors can find some types of disease by measuring gamma rays which come from a patient afterward .
Doctors can find some types of disease by measuring gamma rays which come from a patient afterward.
Doctors can forecast who is likely to get diabetes often years before it strikes.
Doctors can gain remote access to drug and dosage reference tools.
Doctors can get a good view of the lining of the digestive system with an endoscope.
Doctors can get critical patient information from almost anywhere.
Doctors can get their own Internet pages.
Doctors can give antibiotics to kill the bacterium, but have no way of tackling the toxin.
Doctors can give patients large doses of local anaesthetic through epidurals.
Doctors can have their fee covered by a sponsoring company.
Doctors can help affirm caregivers' concerns.
Doctors can help by being vigilant in infection-control procedures and giving antibiotics.
Doctors can help even the most severe cases.
Doctors can help patients quit smoking.
Doctors can help people both in the treatment of disease and in the treatment of aging effects.
Doctors can help prevent abuse.
Doctors can help the public regain a sense of proportion.
Doctors can help.
Doctors can identify blockages in the arteries by tracing the liquid's flow.
Doctors can identify individuals at increased risk to develop diabetes.
Doctors can identify obstructions in the arteries by tracing the liquid's flow.
Doctors can identify people at risk for genetic diseases and fashion strategies to save their lives.
Doctors can immediately update patient information or contact a pharmacy for prescriptions.
Doctors can instruct patients with allergies on how to self- administer epinephrine.
Doctors can instruct patients with allergies on how to self-administer epinephrine.
Doctors can intervene in potentially dangerous health conditions.
Doctors can join or leave managed care plans at any time.
Doctors can keep the number of eggs low - but it's an inexact science.
Doctors can learn to see more patients if they have the desire.
Doctors can let some illnesses run their natural course, rather than prescribing an antibiotic.
Doctors can make mistakes.
Doctors can make very good decisions based on knowledge and how they feel about the situation.
Doctors can minimize additional paperwork by submitting full information initially.
Doctors can monitor their patients.
Doctors can no longer give out a reasonable hope of recovery.
Doctors can no longer set their own fees in many cases.
Doctors can no longer treat patients in a patriarchal manner.
Doctors can nominate themselves or deserving colleagues.
Doctors can now access text, graphics, charts, and images quickly to more rapidly treat patients.
Doctors can now check each other's billing, making it more accurate.
Doctors can now check even a newborn's hearing.
Doctors can now file claims via the Internet, process orders to optical labs and much more.
Doctors can now literally give new life to people who, thirty years ago, had little or no hope.
Doctors can now look directly at everything from arteries to intestines.
Doctors can now measure the amount of virus in patients' blood.
Doctors can now perform assisted suicide.
Doctors can now tell if babies have heart problems while they're still in their mothers' tummy.
Doctors can obtain access to an x-ray from their home computer, if necessary.
Doctors can obtain diabetes patient education accreditation, too.
Doctors can offer other remedies for more difficult cases.
Doctors can offer testing, treatment and assistance with emergency contraception.
Doctors can often diagnose it just by inspecting the areas.
Doctors can often discover reasons.
Doctors can often identify the patterns likely to be present when someone has epilepsy.
Doctors can often prescribe other medications to reduce the risk of drug-drug interactions.
Doctors can only be certain that a patient has leptospirosis by having laboratory tests made.
Doctors can only get items once a month.
Doctors can only keep victims' strength up to help their immune systems fight it.
Doctors can only send patients to hospitals where they have admitting privileges.
Doctors can only speculate as to the cause.
Doctors can only treat the individual symptoms.
Doctors can operate to replace the cloudy lens with a clear plastic implant.
Doctors can perform great physical healings.
Doctors can perform more treatments and see more patients.
Doctors can periodically take pictures of the whole body and compare newer photos with older ones.
Doctors can photograph tumors and injuries in the brain.
Doctors can practice surgical techniques with incredible realism.
Doctors can predict premature delivery by examining the size of the cervix.
Doctors can prescribe any approved medicine as they wish, so the practice is legal.
Doctors can prescribe any medication they choose.
Doctors can prescribe drugs that kill the worms.
Doctors can prescribe effective antibiotics.
Doctors can prescribe medication.
Doctors can prescribe medications to help control nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy.
Doctors can prescribe medicines and other treatments to control most of the symptoms.
Doctors can prescribe medicines.
Doctors can prescribe newer medications with fewer side effects.
Doctors can prescribe several successful treatments.
Doctors can prescribe the latest wonder creams to treat the poison ivy symptoms.
Doctors can prevent illness and susceptibility to injuries.
Doctors can program the appropriate upper and lower blood-clotting ranges for each patient.
Doctors can program the device with an external wand.
Doctors can provide advice about treatment options for infected individuals.
Doctors can provide health care.
Doctors can pull up patient records and update medical charts right from the patient's bedside.
Doctors can quickly screen for a host of problems during a typical physical exam.
Doctors can recognize the unique triggers to migraines and can make an accurate diagnosis.
Doctors can reconstruct severe damage by surgery.
Doctors can refer patients to specialists and other community resources when needed.
Doctors can register their interests from the 'Doctors' tab.
Doctors can report ever greater infringement on their clinical judgment.
Doctors can review data or download reports on any part of the office network.
Doctors can rush into diagnosing things.
Doctors can save lives.
Doctors can search for free, and employers or recruiters can post for free.
Doctors can see the scars left by silent strokes when they perform routine brain scans.
Doctors can sell medicines from their clinics.
Doctors can slow the progression of the disease with early detection.
Doctors can sometimes reduce or prevent further damage by acting quickly.
Doctors can sometimes run tests to see if malabsorption is a problem.
Doctors can sometimes surgically correct an obstruction of blood flow to the penis.
Doctors can sugarcoat things to most patients.
Doctors can surgically close the skin over the spine, and can drain the extra fluid from the brain.
Doctors can take several different approaches to treating dyspepsia.
Doctors can take the lead in showing love for their pastors and their families.
Doctors can tell how well the heart is beating by looking at the printed pattern of the heartbeat.
Doctors can tell whether the patient's lungs are working properly.
Doctors can test for a growing number of conditions in the womb, in childhood or in later life.
Doctors can test for lead in the blood and recommend ways to reduce further exposure.
Doctors can test smell by using common fragrant substances.
Doctors can test to find out which substances are causing reactions.
Doctors can then compare levels as men get older and make sure no significant drops take place.
Doctors can then evaluate whether the operation was a success.
Doctors can then examine brain tissue from the animal.
Doctors can then give patients medication and therapy sooner.
Doctors can then implant in the mother embryos that test free of the disease.
Doctors can then intervene and delay birth until the baby has developed further.
Doctors can then locate the sites which are causing serious arrhythmias.
Doctors can then prescribe it.
Doctors can then read the saved information and treat patients the best way.
Doctors can then see the inside of the abdominal cavity on a monitor.
Doctors can then visually check the movement of blood.
Doctors can then zoom in on one area or change the contrast to improve the image.
Doctors can treat ascariasis successfully with mebendazole, albendazole, or pyrantel pamoate.
Doctors can treat asthma as well as most respiratory ailments.
Doctors can treat both conditions successfully with antibiotics.
Doctors can treat catatonia .
Doctors can treat catatonia.
Doctors can treat depression with psychotherapy, counseling and medications called antidepressants.
Doctors can treat low testosterone levels with injections, patches and topical creams or gels.
Doctors can treat only the secondary infections that result from the virus, such as pneumonia.
Doctors can treat only the symptoms of radiation sickness.
Doctors can treat only the symptoms.
Doctors can treat patients' palliative needs up until their very last breath.
Doctors can treat pelvic congestion syndrome with a procedure called ovarian vein embolization.
Doctors can treat without surgery.
Doctors can try to rotate babies by hand before delivery, but that carries risks.
Doctors can type a key word on their cellphones to get the latest developments in the chosen area.
Doctors can use a wire to reposition the coils as necessary.
Doctors can use blood tests to evaluate exposure to PCBs.
Doctors can use colonoscopy to remove problematic growths in patients found to have the mutations.
Doctors can use drugs such as beta-blockers or digitalis to regulate the heartbeat.
Doctors can use skills or nano, but nobody can out-heal a surgeon.
Doctors can use the medication with metformin or sulfonylureas.
Doctors can use the visual field to detect and follow the course of glaucoma over time.
Doctors can use two consulting rooms and two examination rooms.
Doctors can use x-rays or a laparoscopy to judge the condition of the fallopian tubes.
Doctors can usually diagnose a heart attack quickly and treat it.
Doctors can very often provide good heart rhythm control for patients with medication alone.
Doctors can view live lectures or the latest surgical procedures.
Doctors can volunteer at local health clinics.
Doctors can write orders.
Doctors can, for example, differentiate between various connective tissue disorders.
Doctors can, for the first time, take into account the internal movement of organs.
Doctors can, however, prescribe medicines to relieve symptoms.
Doctors can, therefore, choose the component that is best for their patients' condition.
Doctors care about patients.
Doctors care about their patients' health, but they only have a few moments to focus on giving care.
Doctors care about their patients.
Doctors care deeply about patients.
Doctors care for the psychological and cognitive development as well as physical growth.
Doctors care for the sick.
Doctors care for women.
Doctors carefully monitor the intensity of treatments and the amount of normal tissue being treated.
Doctors carefully monitor women taking tamoxifen for any signs of long-term side effects.
Doctors carefully monitor women taking tamoxifen for any signs of more serious side effects.
Doctors carefully select their patients to test new drugs.
Doctors carry out more tests.
Doctors catch colds and financial experts go bust.
Doctors catch illnesses.
Doctors categorize diaper rash by their symptoms, appearance, and cause.
Doctors cause pain daily in the coarse of prevention and healing.
Doctors caution against using the term miracle in connection with bone marrow transplantation.
Doctors caution the concussion grades are simply guidelines.
Doctors caution, however, against high-impact activities such as running, football, and basketball.
Doctors caution, however, that the topical medication has limited effectiveness.
Doctors change their patterns, patients change where they go.
Doctors change treatments.
Doctors charge an arm and a leg to make up such costs and pay tons in malpractice insurance.
Doctors charge fees for providing cremation certificates.
Doctors charge for certification of good health.
Doctors check height.
Doctors check immigrants for head lice.
Doctors check levels.
Doctors check potassium levels.
Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria .
Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria.
Doctors choose the path.
Doctors cite custom and the threat of lawsuits as reasons.
Doctors cite several factors, including less motivation to avoid high-risk behavior.
Doctors claim HMOs pay better, have fewer hassles, and provide more benefits.
Doctors classify burns as first degree, second degree, or third degree.
Doctors classify cancer on the basis of the tissue from where it originates.
Doctors classify cardiomyopathies by the way they affect the anatomy and function of the heart.
Doctors classify coughs into two categories based on how long they last.
Doctors classify pituitary tumors into two groups - secreting and nonsecreting.
Doctors classify sun risk by skin types.
Doctors clear an obstructed artery.
Doctors clearly have more decisionmaking leverage in the delivery room.
Doctors click here for the list of a large no. of medical sites.
Doctors Click here to find out more information about our fully qualified staff.
Doctors come and go.
Doctors come into contact.
Doctors come out of showers.
Doctors come to rely heavily on their input.
Doctors come to the community and decide to make a long term commitment to stay.
Doctors comment on what's happening.
Doctors commonly practice euthanasia now, under the guise of pain control.
Doctors commonly prescribe daily aspirin after a heart attack or stroke.
Doctors commonly prescribe it to cancer patients as an alternative to morphine.
Doctors commonly prescribe steroid nasal sprays to reduce inflammation in chronic sinusitis.
Doctors commonly recommend a vaginal moisturizer to ease discomfort and relieve irritation.
Doctors commonly treat gallstones by surgically removing the gallbladder.
Doctors commonly try to thwart infections with high doses of antibiotics.
Doctors compare blood pressure readings at the ankle and arm to see if blood is getting through.
Doctors compare the reflection of light to determine whether both eyes are in alignment.
Doctors complain of fatigue.
Doctors complain that they have to deal with the kinds of injuries seen in full-scale wars.
Doctors complain they are owed millions in back payments.
Doctors complain they spend more time fighting insurers for approval than fighting disease.
Doctors complete procedures.
Doctors comply rather than discuss the matter.
Doctors conclude patients CAN find good medical information online, if they use caution.
Doctors conduct clinical trials to learn about the effectiveness and side effects of new treatments.
Doctors conduct clinical trials to learn the effectiveness and side effects of new treatments.
Doctors conduct developmental screens.
Doctors conduct examinations.
Doctors conduct physical examinations.
Doctors conduct screens.
Doctors conduct tests.
Doctors confirm a diagnosis of meningitis by physical examination and usually a lumbar puncture.
Doctors confirm the diagnosis with an ultrasound called an echicardiogram.
Doctors consider a number of factors when choosing medicines for their patients with osteoarthritis.
Doctors consider invasive treatments.
Doctors consider medical problems.
Doctors consider medicine.
Doctors consider phobia to be a form of mental illness within the family of anxiety disorders.
Doctors consider polyps in the colon, also called colorectal adenomas, a strong precursor to cancer.
Doctors consider prescribe medicine.
Doctors consider prescribe such medicine.
Doctors consider problems.
Doctors consider state of patient's health to be a breaking point.
Doctors consider suicide attempts to be a symptom of a serious depression .
Doctors consider suicide attempts to be a symptom of a serious depression.
Doctors consider the carotid, or neck arteries key because they supply blood to the brain.
Doctors consider the minimum level of recovery to be when a patient can resume everyday activity.
Doctors consider treatments.
Doctors continue their education to improve their knowledge and skills.
Doctors continue their private practices.
Doctors continue to work towards saving and improving the quality of our lives.
Doctors couldn t get calls.
Doctors couldn t remove it.
Doctors count on the credibility of Annals .
Doctors create dependency.
Doctors create radioactive iodine and feed it to a person.
Doctors criticize the reduction of their income and caps on the rise of medical costs.
Doctors cure the people of the country.
Doctors currently have to make do with low-resolution ultrasound images.
Doctors currently use a variety of tests to assess a woman s breast health and status.
Doctors currently use an empirical approach when dealing with infections.
Doctors customarily check lymph nodes to see how far the cancer has spread.
Doctors cut and cauterize internal tissues while watching their work on the monitor.
Doctors deal better with information when it is presented in a quick and organized form.
Doctors deal with similar situations each day.
Doctors deceive people.
Doctors decide a patient has gout if they find crystals in the joint fluid .
Doctors decide a patient has gout if they find crystals in the joint fluid.
Doctors decide which drug or groups of drugs to use depending on what type of cancer the person has.
Doctors declare there is no way.
Doctors define tumors in terms of their size and location.
Doctors define what nature is.
Doctors delay surgeries.
Doctors deliver babies.
Doctors deliver stillborns by candlelight.
Doctors depend for their livelihood on people being unhealthy.
Doctors describe a woman's progress through pregnancy in terms of weeks.
Doctors describe acne as a disease of the pilosebaceous units.
Doctors describe different types of seizures.
Doctors describe it as the brake on our reckless tendencies.
Doctors describe the coil as a microscopic slinky.
Doctors describe types.
Doctors determine care.
Doctors determine conditions.
Doctors determine discharge.
Doctors determine growth patterns.
Doctors determine metabolic conditions.
Doctors determine overall patterns.
Doctors determine patterns.
Doctors determine permanency based upon set medical guidelines.
Doctors determine problems.
Doctors determine results.
Doctors determine schedules.
Doctors determine tests.
Doctors determine the stage of the cancer according to the number and location of tumors.
Doctors determine the stage of the cancer through surgery and microscopic evaluation of tissues.
Doctors develop web based program to supplement a doctors care saving money and patients.
Doctors diagnose Alzheimer disease by analyzing a patient's everyday behavior.
Doctors diagnose arthritis with a medical history, physical exam and x-rays of the hip.
Doctors diagnose arthritis with a medical history, physical exam and x-rays of the knee.
Doctors diagnose blockage.
Doctors diagnose cardiac tamponade with chest x-rays, electrocardiograms, and echocardiograms.
Doctors diagnose conditions.
Doctors diagnose diseases faster.
Doctors diagnose dumping syndrome through blood tests.
Doctors diagnose herpes by doing a swab of the blisters, then doing a viral culture.
Doctors diagnose it by pressing on various parts of the body.
Doctors diagnose perforation of large intestine and operate.
Doctors diagnose with ailment.
Doctors diagnose with mysterious ailment.
Doctors diagnosis colon cancer.
Doctors dial in to transcription machines to record patient medical records.
Doctors differ as to the causes of the diseases.
Doctors differ on the impact of the plant's destruction.
Doctors differ on the point at which an X-ray shows conclusive evidence of silicosis.
Doctors differ on why there are few specialists in the obesity field.
Doctors differ widely in their opinions regarding the success rate of serial casting.
Doctors disagree about the causes of cellulite.
Doctors disagree about whether they work.
Doctors disagree amongst themselves a whole lot more than the general public realizes.
Doctors disagree on how much immune system suppression is needed after a transplant.
Doctors discount stroke possibility.
Doctors discourage douching because it can lead to serious infections.
Doctors discourage early sport specialization.
Doctors discover a gentler route to bypass the heart.
Doctors discover brain injuries.
Doctors discover cancer causes.
Doctors discover causes.
Doctors discover head injuries.
Doctors discover injuries.
Doctors discover internal injuries.
Doctors discover power.
Doctors discover serious brain injuries.
Doctors discover serious injuries.
Doctors discover serious internal injuries.
Doctors discover that what had been described as bedsores are actually gunshot wounds.
Doctors discover ways.
Doctors discuss cases.
Doctors discuss results.
Doctors discuss symptoms.
Doctors discuss the case with colleagues in Japan via satellite phone.
Doctors discuss types.
Doctors display their herbal medicines to passers-by.
Doctors divide premature babies into categories according to weight.
Doctors divide sleep disorders into three main categories.
Doctors divide spinal cord tumors into three major groups based on where they are found.
Doctors divide the back into the five regions shown in the diagram.
Doctors divide the signs listed above into major and minor signs.
Doctors do a lot of women's first pelvic exams.
Doctors do a marvelous job.
Doctors do all measures in metrics especially distributing medicine in cubic centimeters.
Doctors do expect things to slow down within the next couple of weeks.
Doctors do feel as if their medical ethics are at stake.
Doctors do get it wrong sometimes.
Doctors DO get it wrong.
Doctors DO have review boards, mandatory in every hospital in the country.
Doctors do injections.
Doctors do it all the time.
Doctors do it with patience.
Doctors do it, architects do it, and every successful person does it.
Doctors do it.
Doctors do know it is a genetic condition which can run in some families.
Doctors do know that tannins bind with iron, so they tell anemic patients to drink less tea.
Doctors do make two distinctions between the show and reality.
Doctors do no seem to care or help.
Doctors do retire and die.
Doctors do so willingly.
Doctors do sometimes overcharge.
Doctors do tests.
Doctors do that because prostate cancer initially feeds on androgens.
Doctors do that.
Doctors do their best, but it is very difficult to work without personnel and equipment.
Doctors do too.
Doctors do want patients to be more informed.
Doctors do what they can, but the plague seems irresistible.
Doctors doing private practices have no uniformity in their charges for consultation.
Doctors don t have to answer to anyone else in the event of an emergency.
Doctors don t really care about patients.
Doctors don t take time to explain why antibiotics aren t in the patient s best interest.
Doctors DON'T know much, and that's a fact.
Doctors earn the equivalent of the price of an egg each day.
Doctors educate patients.
Doctors elect a doctor, architects, engineers, and so on.
Doctors emphasize attributes.
Doctors encourage bed rest and drinking extra fluids.
Doctors encourage patients to keep their weight up because it helps maintain more steady movements.
Doctors encourage people on treatment to continue with their work and regular daily habits.
Doctors encourage women to check their breasts regularly for signs of the disease.
Doctors end up spending a lot of time trying to explain and navigate the system.
Doctors enjoy peer review, as do psychiatrists and lawyers.
Doctors enter information and access data right from a patient's bedside.
Doctors enter medical school to help heal people.
Doctors especially orthopedicians, paediatricians and surgeons psychologists, physiotherapists.
Doctors establish the drug dose based on the patient's weight and blood count.
Doctors estimate chances.
Doctors estimate the direct and indirect social costs to be in the billions of dollars.
Doctors estimate types.
Doctors evaluate colleagues in a peer review process.
Doctors evaluate each child every two months.
Doctors evaluate levels.
Doctors evaluate lymph nodes when a cancer is diagnosed to determine if it has spread.
Doctors evaluate numerous factors in planning treatment.
Doctors evaluate results.
Doctors evaluate symptoms.
Doctors even operate right through hurricanes, using battery-operated lights if they have to.
Doctors even suggest using unlit cigarettes to protect lungs from cancer.
Doctors everywhere feel overworked and underpaid.
Doctors everywhere hate to take federal injury cases.
Doctors examine children in a clinical setting.
Doctors examine girls.
Doctors examine it.
Doctors examine lymph tissue microscopically to help determine the stage of the disease.
Doctors examine patients in clinical trials frequently to evaluate their response to treatment.
Doctors examine people.
Doctors examine risk analysis as a function of their understanding specific results.
Doctors examine samples.
Doctors examine skin.
Doctors examine stool samples to determine whether diarrhea-causing organisms are present.
Doctors examine stool samples.
Doctors examine the affected areas and view skin samples under a microscope or in a culture.
Doctors exercise a high degree of caution when dealing with foreign workers.
Doctors expect a full recovery.
Doctors expect an increase in infections by the end of the month, when temperatures rise.
Doctors expect deaths soon.
Doctors expect no further problems or complications.
Doctors expect payment at time of service.
Doctors expect pregnant women.
Doctors expect some to have long recovery periods.
Doctors expect that number to grow as the U.S. population ages.
Doctors expect the actress to make a full recovery.
Doctors expect the death rate to rise quickly as cholera and dysentery set in.
Doctors expect the singer to recover fully.
Doctors expect the young boy to make a full recovery.
Doctors expect to get paid for providing the treatment.
Doctors expect women.
Doctors explain benefits.
Doctors explain details.
Doctors explain how chemotherapy helps prevent cancer from growing.
Doctors explain how prayer heals.
Doctors explain procedures.
Doctors explain results.
Doctors explain test results.
Doctors explain twins.
Doctors explain use.
Doctors face a morass of cumbersome rules and strangling regulations.
Doctors fail to notice dangley bits .
Doctors fall short of their professional standards when they make light of arthritis.
Doctors fear arrest and prosecution when they prescribe pain medicine.
Doctors fear long waiting times are putting patients at serious risk.
Doctors feel closer to their patients.
Doctors feel compelled to DO something.
Doctors feel conditions.
Doctors feel frustrated, even betrayed, when patients withhold pertinent information.
Doctors feel like they have been beaten up enough.
Doctors feel pressure because they're afraid they'll lose their patients.
Doctors feel severe conditions.
Doctors fertilize human eggs with transferred genes.
Doctors fight back with a shrinking arsenal of antibiotics.
Doctors fill out complex forms that are manually entered and subject to human error.
Doctors find adult female worms.
Doctors find adult worms.
Doctors find blood.
Doctors find causes.
Doctors find evidence.
Doctors find female worms.
Doctors find it is difficult to read journals and keep a track of the latest developments.
Doctors find music works well with sedative and anesthetics.
Doctors find problems.
Doctors find that easier to deal with.
Doctors find that unions offer strength in numbers.
Doctors find the majority of cases during a routine physical examination.
Doctors find themselves in a real bind.
Doctors find themselves often having to play the role of nutritionist and social worker.
Doctors find worms.
Doctors finder for alternative health treatment.
Doctors first advertise a free information kit which explains the procedure and benefits.
Doctors first check patients' wallets before treating.
Doctors first make sure the player can breathe.
Doctors first perform a skin test to confirm the allergy.
Doctors first reopen the narrowed artery segment.
Doctors fix things when they hurt.
Doctors focus on use.
Doctors form into cooperative clinics.
Doctors gain insight.
Doctors gain no real benefit from opposing the scheme.
Doctors generally are well-trained and technically proficient within their particular speciality.
Doctors generally attribute things to stress when they have no other explanation.
Doctors generally classify rosacea into four types based on symptoms.
Doctors generally consider amniocentesis safe and low-risk.
Doctors generally discourage the practice of douching for maintaining vulvovaginal health .
Doctors generally go through four steps to make the diagnosis.
Doctors generally offer information but are careful to stay out of the decision-making process.
Doctors generally refer to siezures or fits as epilepsy.
Doctors generally take a thorough medical history, and probably interview family and friends too.
Doctors generally treat moderate cases of jaundice by exposing babies to phototherapy lights.
Doctors generally try to open two fronts in the war on asthma.
Doctors generally visit patients during specific times each day.
Doctors generally welcome a more educated patient.
Doctors genuinely desire to ease suffering.
Doctors get a commission for each prohibition.
Doctors get consent.
Doctors get excited about some of the oddest things.
Doctors get free samples of medications to hand out to their patients.
Doctors get glowing testimonials from patients, so they tell other patients to try it.
Doctors get into emergency rooms to work because they're the cowboys of medicine.
Doctors get it from newspapers or television.
Doctors get kickbacks for prescribing certain drugs.
Doctors get medical, former patients get human and explain in human terms.
Doctors get out of cars.
Doctors get out of medical school in terrible debt.
Doctors get results.
Doctors get the fluid by doing a spinal tap.
Doctors get their real training in the hospitals.
Doctors get to help people on a daily basis.
Doctors get to pursue lucrative sub-specialties or start partnerships.
Doctors give accurate diagnoses.
Doctors give antibiotics by vein in the hospital if the pain, tenderness and swelling are severe.
Doctors give antifungal drugs that are taken by mouth or applied to the skin.
Doctors give approval.
Doctors give biological response modifiers alone or with anticancer drugs.
Doctors give capsules filled with the bacterium to patients with Crohn's to combat their symptoms.
Doctors give diagnoses.
Doctors give direct answers to questions from patients.
Doctors give high-dose chemotherapy to kill the cancer, but it also kills stem cells.
Doctors give immunization injections to prevent disease.
Doctors give medicine.
Doctors give pain medicine.
Doctors give prescriptions.
Doctors give recommendations.
Doctors give the vaccine by squirting a solution into the infant's mouth.
Doctors give therapy.
Doctors give treatments.
Doctors go back home with a zeal for missions.
Doctors go to medical school to be trained .
Doctors go to medical school to be trained.
Doctors go to medical school, and lawyers attend years of law school.
Doctors guide global edition.
Doctors handle minor medical emergencies including sunburn, fire-ant stings and cuts.
Doctors hate being second-guessed by insurers.
Doctors have (part) adult bodies.
Doctors have (part) arms.
Doctors have (part) body substances.
Doctors have (part) cell membranes.
Doctors have (part) cells.
Doctors have (part) corpi.
Doctors have (part) cytoplasm.
Doctors have (part) heads.
Doctors have (part) legs.
Doctors have (part) necks.
Doctors have (part) nuclei.
Doctors have (part) personality.
Doctors have (part) plasma membranes.
Doctors have (part) sections.
Doctors have (part) vacuoles.
Doctors have a choice of joining as paid subscribers or through a service supported by advertisers.
Doctors have a duty to inform a patient about the risk of treatment.
Doctors have a good way of being vague.
Doctors have a great input into the classification of substances.
Doctors have a hard tome to remember the thousands of drugs and their conflicts.
Doctors have a lot of hair on their hands right here.
Doctors have a lot of questions to ponder.
Doctors have a memory that goes way back.
Doctors have a new tool in the fight to detect cancer quickly.
Doctors have a number of hypotheses.
Doctors have a responsibility to educate, warn, diagnose, treat and protect.
Doctors have a responsibility to help the police.
Doctors have a right and duty to question whether managed care companies are compromising care.
Doctors have a right to refuse to perform an abortion.
Doctors have a variety of options for treating the lesions once they are detected.
Doctors have a very important function in society.
Doctors have a word for what happens when babies die of neglect.
Doctors have access to patient files using their Wireless terminals.
Doctors have all the controls at their fingertips when they are conducting a patient examination.
Doctors have an ethical obligation to manage pain competently.
Doctors have bad days too.
Doctors have better results when their wife plays a key role in their recovery from prostate cancer.
Doctors have biases, too.
Doctors have bills to pay, too.
Doctors have books.
Doctors have contact.
Doctors have correct diagnoses.
Doctors have degrees.
Doctors have diagnoses.
Doctors have diets.
Doctors have different opinions on the subject of complementary therapies.
Doctors have different opinions.
Doctors have different personalities and backgrounds.
Doctors have different theories.
Doctors have doctors.
Doctors have elimination diets.
Doctors have embraced technology, it turns out, more so perhaps than even computer gamers.
Doctors have enough to do.
Doctors have equipment.
Doctors have excellent ways to study the heart in-depth without causing their patients discomfort.
Doctors have experience.
Doctors have feelings too.
Doctors have feelings.
Doctors have good reason to be nervous about economic credentialing.
Doctors have high hopes for the drug.
Doctors have hospital privileges at a nearby facility for emergencies.
Doctors have ideas.
Doctors have increasing evidence that heart disease takes root in early childhood.
Doctors have insurance to compensate the victims of their negligence.
Doctors have intentions.
Doctors have it made.
Doctors have jus tertii standing to assert the claims of their patients.
Doctors have legitimate concerns about the spread of infectious disease.
Doctors have less and less time to see patients.
Doctors have less time to explain, listen and help their patients.
Doctors have lifespans.
Doctors have lots of treatments that can cure cancer.
Doctors have many approaches to help myeloma patients live better and longer.
Doctors have many patients that complain of headaches.
Doctors have many, Lawyers have more than their share.
Doctors have medical equipment.
Doctors have moral responsibility.
Doctors have more nobility.
Doctors have more weapons than ever to fight stroke and heart disease.
Doctors have much to lose from being cosy with lawyers.
Doctors have no definitive advice, however.
Doctors have no doubt that the smoking led to the cancer.
Doctors have no drugs or vaccine to fight the virus, which tends to hit elderly people the hardest.
Doctors have no excuse for being poor listeners.
Doctors have no idea what causes it, and no real idea how to cure it, other than surgery.
Doctors have no idea what causes neuropathy in one third of all the cases.
Doctors have no immunity.
Doctors have no 'mandate' to decide on moral grounds how health services are to be rationed.
Doctors have no medications that help heal the plantar fascia.
Doctors have no time to instruct patients on how to live healthily.
Doctors have no way of removing or deactivating the cells.
Doctors have nurses.
Doctors have official height and weight charts to determine whether a child is overweight.
Doctors have plenty of other ways to make money.
Doctors have private life.
Doctors have problems.
Doctors have proof.
Doctors have proper equipment.
Doctors have reasons to lie.
Doctors have recommendations.
Doctors have replacement parts for knees, hips, shoulders and fingers for osteoarthritis patients.
Doctors have responsibility.
Doctors have results.
Doctors have several methods that can dissolve the clot.
Doctors have several types of treatments for patients with minor cases of scoliosis.
Doctors have several ways of detecting sarcoidosis.
Doctors have several ways of removing the birthmark.
Doctors have several ways to test for tumors.
Doctors have several ways to treat prostate cancer.
Doctors have sexual contact.
Doctors have so little clue.
Doctors have some other time-tested tips.
Doctors have specialized training and access to the latest medical research.
Doctors have specialties.
Doctors have specialties.
Doctors have strong feelings.
Doctors have studies.
Doctors have the ability to relieve most of the pain associated with labor.
Doctors have the medical forms in their office.
Doctors have the same valid complaints.
Doctors have their own club.
Doctors have their own concerns about prescribing narcotics.
Doctors have theories.
Doctors have to be aware of that.
Doctors have to be aware of what s possible before they can begin to help people get well.
Doctors have to be part of the solution.
Doctors have to be pretty smart.
Doctors have to be ready to spring into action anytime of the day or night.
Doctors have to be trained how to use it.
Doctors have to become more and more strident in the defense of their profession.
Doctors have to buy into the notion that they are learning for life.
Doctors have to choose whether to save the mother or the baby.
Doctors have to come forward with euthanasia.
Doctors have to integrate the essence of the two.
Doctors have to interpret the results carefully.
Doctors have to keep trying different things.
Doctors have to paddle much harder trying to keep abreast of their patients.
Doctors have to pass the boards repeatedly.
Doctors have to practice medicine faster, and hospitals have reduced staff to save money.
Doctors have to put in many years of hard, underpaid work to get to the point that they deserve.
Doctors have to restore the function of the kidney while preventing blockage of wastes as it heals.
Doctors have to write prescriptions with exact dosages.
Doctors have to.
Doctors have tough days.
Doctors have very few social skills overall.
Doctors have very limited training in treating their lesbian patients. . .
Doctors have weakness.
Doctors have wide discretion in how they use drugs once they re approved.
Doctors have years as do accountants.
Doctors have yet to determine a cause or discover a cure for the disease.
Doctors have, unwittingly, become part of the pharmaceutical companies scheme to fleece the public.
Doctors hear complaints of assorted aches and pains at dinners.
Doctors help a lot.
Doctors help care.
Doctors help effective treatments.
Doctors help local resources.
Doctors help people through their talent, love of medicine and genuine concern for others.
Doctors Help People.
Doctors help progress.
Doctors help resources.
Doctors help treatments.
Doctors here accept regular patients for family practice.
Doctors here are clueless.
Doctors here hope that if spectators see it's safe, they'll try it, too.
Doctors here say some addicts have been re-admitted as many as twenty times.
Doctors here seem very uninformed on side effects of prescriptions.
Doctors here tend to look at just the symptoms or the area affected.
Doctors hesitate to support smoked marijuana because of the health risks attributed to smoking.
Doctors highly recommend swimming, too.
Doctors hold enormous power.
Doctors honor about one-third of assisted suicide requests in the Netherlands each year.
Doctors hope that they can remove the tumour surgically.
Doctors hope the devices live up to the claims.
Doctors hope they have found the right balance of medications to prevent problems from recurring.
Doctors hope to be able to repair cleft lips and palates soon as well.
Doctors hope to continue learning more about how genetic changes affect the development of cancer.
Doctors hope to dissolve the blood clot, then use radiation to shrink the tumor to operable size.
Doctors hope to have the test approved next year.
Doctors hope to learn how to improve patient treatment as well as how to improve equipment.
Doctors hope to learn within three months whether the operation helped the woman.
Doctors hurry out of the office at lunch time and leave immediately after the last patient at night.
Doctors identify botulism from the pattern of paralysis and symptoms.
Doctors immediately order and ice bath to lower the child's temperature.
Doctors immunize school children, examine eyes and teeth and perform surgery.
Doctors implant a pacemaker.
Doctors implant a wire along the nerve and attach it to a small generator implanted in the chest.
Doctors inadvertently aggravate hypertension when they contribute to patients' anxiety about it.
Doctors include tests.
Doctors including specialists are available and some are on call at most hotels.
Doctors incorporate for financial reasons.
Doctors increasingly recommend a low-fat diet for cholesterol control.
Doctors indicate that there is no shortage of suitable organ donors.
Doctors induce erection or stretch the flaccid penis as far as possible .
Doctors induce erection or stretch the flaccid penis as far as possible.
Doctors inform patients.
Doctors inject a kind of cement into the damaged Vertebrae.
Doctors inject a liquid substance directly into the damaged area to stimulate cartilage cell growth.
Doctors inject the patient's vein with microbubbles the size of red blood cells.
Doctors inject vaccines.
Doctors insert a catheter into a blood vessel and feed it up to the hepatic artery in the liver.
Doctors insert a catheter into the milk ducts of the breast.
Doctors insert a catheter into the vein.
Doctors insert a chest tube and administer intravenous fluids.
Doctors insert a porous metal implant into the hole they've drilled with the core decompression.
Doctors insert a specialized catheter with electrodes at the top.
Doctors insert calf cells.
Doctors insist intravenously is now the best approach since regrowth is on both sides of the brain.
Doctors insist on concrete data.
Doctors insist on regular checkups.
Doctors insist, however, that complications are rare.
Doctors interpret the results and individualized nutrient therapy is recommended.
Doctors investigate health.
Doctors investigate treatments.
Doctors involve tests.
Doctors involve urine tests.
Doctors involved in the studies, however, believe they're on the right path.
Doctors isolate a common cancer-related gene.
Doctors issue guidelines to treat hyperactivity.
Doctors issue over three million clorazepate prescriptions a year.
Doctors issue statements.
Doctors issue the same caution against taking it with liquor.
Doctors just cut it off and throw it out.
Doctors just shake their heads.
Doctors just think it's a bit of a joke.
Doctors keep an eye on white blood cells to work out how a disease is changing.
Doctors keep assuming that osteoporosis results from excessive bone loss in adulthood.
Doctors keep records of child health exams and immunizations.
Doctors know a lot about disease but very little about health.
Doctors know a lot about health care coverage because they see it from the inside.
Doctors know about allergies.
Doctors know about it and can write prescriptions.
Doctors know atherosclerosis all too well as the main cause of heart attacks and strokes.
Doctors know best when it comes to deciding what care is medically appropriate for their patients.
Doctors know better.
Doctors know certain risk factors can increase the risk of preterm labor.
Doctors know health problems.
Doctors know how they interact with other treatments, and the benefits and risk of their use.
Doctors know how to diagnose asthma.
Doctors know how to point and click.
Doctors know it, hospital administrators know it and so do patients and their families.
Doctors know it.
Doctors know late term abortions are dangerous and difficult.
Doctors know more about depression than perhaps any other emotional illness.
Doctors know much more about how to effectively treat depression today than they did years ago.
Doctors know problems.
Doctors know products.
Doctors know somehow about the various diseases, but patients experience the disease.
Doctors know that anxiety free patients recover faster.
Doctors know that estrogen promotes the growth of breast cancer cells.
Doctors know that every minute counts when it comes to treating a stroke.
Doctors know that informed patients have better outcomes.
Doctors know that it is genetic and runs in families.
Doctors know that patients have to feel that every possibility for cure is being explored.
Doctors know that premature babies have a better outcome if they are held.
Doctors know that prescribing antibiotics drives up resistance.
Doctors know that the risks for cardiovascular disease are partly determined in the genes.
Doctors know that when it is a matter of life and death, somethimes 'steak' is the only answer.
Doctors know that women are more susceptible to alcohol damage than men.
Doctors know that.
Doctors know the break is healing naturally.
Doctors know the symptoms of hyperhidrosis result from an overactive sympathetic nervous system.
Doctors know their patients are only getting part of the story from public ad campaigns.
Doctors know there are no regulations requiring a dietary supplement to be proven effective.
Doctors know what kind of follow-up is needed.
Doctors know what size the orchidometer is .
Doctors know what size the orchidometer is.
Doctors learn about disease.
Doctors learn about growth.
Doctors learn about surgery using various animals and others.
Doctors learn business skills.
Doctors learn difficult subjects, but never stop learning about new things.
Doctors learn from every patient, even when they already know a lot about a disease.
Doctors learn to treat, to intervene, to strive against disease.
Doctors leave rooms.
Doctors leave tracks.
Doctors lie about vaccine reactions.
Doctors like to be appreciated and respected just as anyone does.
Doctors like to eat, and deserve to be paid for services rendered.
Doctors like to see healing as the result of their work.
Doctors listen to patients and family members.
Doctors live off the other three quarters.
Doctors Locate a physician in Orange County.
Doctors look at the affected area and sometimes ask for a blood test to check for infection.
Doctors look at tissue.
Doctors look for a pattern of symptoms when diagnosing irritable bowel.
Doctors look for quick diagnosis of long-term risk for heart patients.
Doctors look for spots where thick rims of plaque slow blood flow to a trickle.
Doctors look for the following symptoms.
Doctors look for the symptoms listed in symptoms of depression .
Doctors look for variations that consistently appear in the DNA of family members with the disorder.
Doctors look to antidepressants for a novel, but effective, treatment.
Doctors look to see if there is a family history of the disorder, which is believed to be genetic.
Doctors lose and gain patients all the time.
Doctors lose companions.
Doctors lose money every time they see patients with back pain.
Doctors love antibiotics.
Doctors love breast-fed kids.
Doctors love lasers because they simplify and quicken cosmetic and eye surgery.
Doctors love patients who make an effort to become educated about their diseases.
Doctors love the latest diagnostic tools and imaging technologies.
Doctors mainly try to relieve the symptoms with analgesics and corticosteroids.
Doctors Maintain a high index of suspicion for cases.
Doctors make a decent living.
Doctors make a distinction between acute pain and chronic pain.
Doctors make a killing treating millionaire hernias.
Doctors make about a three-inch incision.
Doctors make accurate diagnoses.
Doctors make arrangements.
Doctors make calls.
Doctors make correct diagnoses.
Doctors make decisions in an autonomous fashion, but also respect the opinions of experts.
Doctors make diagnoses.
Doctors make diagnoses.
Doctors make home calls to diagnose learning problems.
Doctors make house calls.
Doctors make judgment calls.
Doctors make mistakes all the time.
Doctors make mistakes.
Doctors make money from it.
Doctors make more money if they keep patients healthy.
Doctors make the basic medical decisions , and rightly so .
Doctors make the basic medical decisions, and rightly so.
Doctors make the diagnosis according to a patient's symptoms and changes in blood chemistry.
Doctors make the diagnosis from observation of symptoms and developmental tests.
Doctors make the diagnosis through blood tests and examinations of bone marrow.
Doctors make the most, but other jobs bring a good paycheck.
Doctors make the same sort of decisions, but it is easier to trust a single person.
Doctors make the stomach smaller and bypass a section of the small intestine.
Doctors make the very worst patients.
Doctors make the worst patients.
Doctors make time.
Doctors manage patient care and, with their patients, decide upon the best treatment plans.
Doctors match symptoms with medical texts.
Doctors measure blood pressure with a sphygmomanometer.
Doctors measure how the light is scattered and absorbed into the tissue.
Doctors measure the amount of carbon dioxide they breath out.
Doctors measure the pupil in several ways.
Doctors measure the urine estriol to determine the condition of the fetus.
Doctors measure weight.
Doctors meet up with angry patients regularly.
Doctors misdiagnose child-abuse injuries.
Doctors monitor a patient closely for possible infection from the contacts.
Doctors monitor blood levels of zinc when they prescribe higher amounts.
Doctors monitor conditions.
Doctors monitor cysts.
Doctors monitor for that and stop use of the drugs when it happens.
Doctors monitor health.
Doctors monitor heart problems.
Doctors monitor levels.
Doctors monitor potassium levels.
Doctors monitor progress with chest X-rays and blood tests.
Doctors monitor the process through blood tests and ultrasound.
Doctors monitor therapy.
Doctors monitor treatments.
Doctors mostly diagnosis because of the symptoms that the patient presents.
Doctors mostly solve problems of mechanical blocks in the veins.
Doctors move the tool to various sections of the heart until surgery is complete.
Doctors naturally restrict themselves to the current state of their art.
Doctors need to progress.
Doctors never believe they are going to die.
Doctors never get liaining.
Doctors never seem to ask about sexual concerns.
Doctors normally have four to five years of residency training after graduation from medical school.
Doctors normally use the medicines to treat agitation found in epilepsy patients.
Doctors normally visit after morning surgery.
Doctors note that multiple pregnancies raise the threat of premature birth and risk to the babies.
Doctors note that test figures turn out to be wrong about one-fourth of the time.
Doctors note that the disease has affected people from all sections of society and all age groups.
Doctors note whether the child makes eye contact and whether they can interest the child in play.
Doctors notes on deliveries at home seem to be few and far between.
Doctors now advise having babies sleep on their backs.
Doctors now advise parents against retracting the foreskin to clean the penis.
Doctors now are much less hesitant to prescribe narcotics for pain.
Doctors now beleive the bone is infected.
Doctors now believe that each one grows from a single defective gene.
Doctors now believe there has to be a combination of triggers present for an attack to start.
Doctors now believe they can up the odds for older people.
Doctors now can do a biopsy of the prostate gland.
Doctors now examine almost every pregnancy in the United States with ultrasound.
Doctors now have a new treatment .
Doctors now have more liberty to fight children's pain with drugs.
Doctors now have the technology to medically evaluate children in the womb.
Doctors now have to look after public health programs.
Doctors now hope to be able to produce the chemical in tablet form.
Doctors now know more about the mind and brain than the average person is aware of.
Doctors now know more about what makes a tumor a tumor.
Doctors now know that even the mildest suntan means damaged skin.
Doctors now know that hearing loss starts at a young age .
Doctors now know that while the operation is quick, it is painful.
Doctors now monitor kidney function closely.
Doctors now perform thousands every year.
Doctors now prescribe spacers for use with all inhaled medications .
Doctors now realize the health benefits of maintaining a certain level of activity.
Doctors now realize there are also inflammatory risk factors linked to heart disease.
Doctors now recognize that weight training contains an aerobic component.
Doctors now recommend patting and calling out to a baby experiencing apnea.
Doctors now say that walking is one of the best exercises.
Doctors now suspect adult chickenpox.
Doctors now think it is a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Doctors now think that protein maynot be si essential in diet .
Doctors now treating A as an outpatient claim the kidney problem is viral in origin.
Doctors now use lasers in a variety of applications.
Doctors now use lasers to remove or fade tattoos.
Doctors now use that word to describe the chambers where blood enters the heart.
Doctors now use to stimulate blood flow to underdeveloped lungs in premature infants.
Doctors object to excessive paperwork, malpractice suits, and inadequate government programs.
Doctors obtain consent.
Doctors obtain images.
Doctors obtain magnetic resonance images.
Doctors obtain resonance images.
Doctors obtain samples.
Doctors offer alternative treatments.
Doctors offer nutrition tips.
Doctors offer tips.
Doctors offer treatments.
Doctors only don' t usually do much more than the speciality of medicine.
Doctors only visit the area every few weeks.
Doctors operate and successfully remove the tumor.
Doctors operate without anaesthetics.
Doctors order cardiac stress tests for a variety of purposes.
Doctors order images.
Doctors order magnetic resonance images.
Doctors order resonance images.
Doctors order the surgery done immediately after diagnosis because testicular cancer grows fast.
Doctors ought to deceive.
Doctors ought to prescribe it for seasonal affective disorder.
Doctors overuse antibiotics in children.
Doctors owe a standard of care to their patients.
Doctors participate in experimentation.
Doctors participate in human experimentation.
Doctors pass patients round and round each other.
Doctors pay for page hosting and design services.
Doctors perform abortions.
Doctors perform around the affected area, removing or excising the tumor.
Doctors perform cesareans in about three-fourths of women who previously had the procedure.
Doctors perform emergency surgery on an unidentified passenger following the train explosion.
Doctors perform emergency tracheotomies as last-resort procedures.
Doctors perform examinations.
Doctors perform initial examinations.
Doctors perform internal examinations.
Doctors perform keyhole surgery to place the band around the upper stomach.
Doctors perform lung function tests.
Doctors perform operations.
Doctors perform physical examinations.
Doctors perform skin tests.
Doctors perform surgery and heart massage.
Doctors perform surgery bare handed because there are no rubber gloves.
Doctors perform surgery.
Doctors perform surgery.
Doctors perform surgical operations on a table donated by Poland, largely without equipment.
Doctors perform tests.
Doctors perform the bypass.
Doctors place two metal caps on the ends of the bones and insert a plastic spacer in between.
Doctors plan more research to determine exactly what the link is between friends and illness.
Doctors plan patient care.
Doctors plan to check for brain activity as early as today.
Doctors plan to conduct a biopsy in six weeks to determine if the treatment was effective.
Doctors plan to continue testing the new treatment on more patients.
Doctors plan to perform the experimental procedure on twelve more patients.
Doctors plan to re-evaluate the injury in three weeks.
Doctors play key role in new genetic age.
Doctors play many different roles in the lives of their patients.
Doctors play out bioterrorism scenario.
Doctors point out allergy treatment is only one aspect of asthma management.
Doctors point out that heart disease kills more women per year than breast cancer.
Doctors position the apparatus across the hole.
Doctors practice medicine and their goal is to cure diseases.
Doctors practice medicine until they finally get it right.
Doctors practice medicine with ethics and standards similar to any person in business.
Doctors practice medicine.
Doctors practice medicine.
Doctors practicing in Long Beach, for example, seem to have a special social responsibility.
Doctors prefer fighters for cancer patients.
Doctors prefer to company of other doctors for referrals, professional association, etc.
Doctors prescribe a patient a particular medication.
Doctors prescribe a small initial dose, gradually increasing if needed.
Doctors prescribe a special diet for the treatment of gout.
Doctors prescribe a variety of medications to modify children's behavior.
Doctors prescribe a well-balanced diet and avoidance of any alcohol as part of hepatitis treatment.
Doctors prescribe antibiotic medicine.
Doctors prescribe antibiotics inappropriately, as do vets.
Doctors prescribe anti-depressant drugs to help people over come depression.
Doctors prescribe anti-psychotic mediation.
Doctors prescribe bed rest for expectant mothers for a number of reasons.
Doctors prescribe beliefs in the form of placebos.
Doctors prescribe clotrimazole more than any other treatment for thrush.
Doctors prescribe cream.
Doctors prescribe depressants to help people be less angry, anxious, or tense.
Doctors prescribe diets.
Doctors prescribe diuretics and a drug called digitalis to treat symptoms like fluid retention.
Doctors prescribe effective treatments.
Doctors prescribe exposure to a light box in the morning.
Doctors prescribe immune suppressives that sometimes have deadly effects.
Doctors prescribe individualized exercise programs and patients chart their progress.
Doctors prescribe lower-dose patches when they think people can get along with less nicotine.
Doctors prescribe medications to help control nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy.
Doctors prescribe medicine from what they read in books and the latest technique magazines.
Doctors prescribe medicine to eliminate disease from the body.
Doctors prescribe medicine without knowing the retail cost.
Doctors prescribe medicine.
Doctors prescribe more dangerous and more addictive drugs all the time.
Doctors prescribe nasal steroids as a last resort.
Doctors prescribe nitrates in various forms to relieve or prevent chest pain, known as angina.
Doctors prescribe progesterone only to women who have a uterus.
Doctors prescribe steroids for specific medical conditions.
Doctors prescribe stimulation tests.
Doctors prescribe tests.
Doctors prescribe the lowest dose possible that helps the patient.
Doctors prescribe the medication for patients.
Doctors prescribe the wrong drugs for the wrong kinds of illnesses.
Doctors prescribe treatments.
Doctors prescribe various drugs to treat asthma , with mixed results.
Doctors prescribe viagra for men with erectile dysfunction.
Doctors present evidence.
Doctors preserve their own calm amid the bedlam of the emergency room.
Doctors primarily make the purchasing decision.
Doctors program the device to deliver electric stimulation in specific intervals around the clock.
Doctors provide advice.
Doctors provide assistance.
Doctors provide care that requires skills developed through many years of studying and training.
Doctors provide care.
Doctors provide diagnosis treatments.
Doctors provide explanations.
Doctors provide information on parasites for international adoptive families.
Doctors provide information.
Doctors provide medical eye exams and tretment for any condition or disease diagnosed.
Doctors provide more information.
Doctors provide tests.
Doctors provide tips.
Doctors provide treatments.
Doctors providing surgical treatment include general and vascular surgeons.
Doctors purge the body, preachers the conscience, lawyers the purse.
Doctors put less emphasis than patients, for instance, on the importance of being mentally aware.
Doctors quickly insert a small tube into the rectum to inflate the colon.
Doctors raise concern.
Doctors rate the quality of medical information online.
Doctors read the news and watch television, too.
Doctors really do carry organs to be transplanted in picnic coolers.
Doctors really dont know or have all the answers.
Doctors really hate hearing that word.
Doctors receive a selection of cards offering product samples four times a year.
Doctors receive education.
Doctors receive many visits from patients with symptoms due to minor illnesses.
Doctors receive minimal education in pharmacology in medical school.
Doctors recognize and appreciate the ongoing dilemma of self-care vs. physician care.
Doctors recognize causes.
Doctors recognize certain medications play out differently in teens than adults.
Doctors recognize many varieties of problems and diseases of the skin.
Doctors recognize symptoms.
Doctors recognize that no other profession can cover it.
Doctors recognize the following as signs of advanced cirrhosis.
Doctors recognize two types of spasmodic dysphonia.
Doctors recognize what's happening when patients become incoherent, disoriented, or hallucinatory.
Doctors recomend bodywork,for the relief of tension,anxiety,worry, and anger-all causes of stress.
Doctors recommend a cleanse twice a year.
Doctors recommend a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts and low-fat dairy products.
Doctors recommend a diet that is low in fat for heart patients.
Doctors recommend a more balanced approach in nutrition.
Doctors recommend a second immunization prior to college.
Doctors recommend a vaccine for people at high risk of contracting tularemia.
Doctors recommend a variety of treatments including allergy shots, nasal sprays and oral medication.
Doctors recommend adults check for suspicious marks moles or spots monthly.
Doctors recommend aspirin, a healthy diet, plenty of water, regular exercise and stress management.
Doctors recommend at least one prenatal care visit during the first trimester of pregnancy.
Doctors recommend avoiding anti-diarrheal medication.
Doctors recommend bed rest, a healthy diet, and avoidance of alcoholic beverages.
Doctors recommend breakfasts.
Doctors recommend diets that are high in fresh fruits and dark-colored vegetables.
Doctors recommend diets.
Doctors recommend drinking extra water, resting and eating well-balanced meals.
Doctors recommend early detection and treatment as the best way of beating the disease.
Doctors recommend eating a slightly salty meal at least one day before strenuous sports play.
Doctors recommend eating more foods containing calcium when younger.
Doctors recommend eight to ten glasses.
Doctors recommend fish as part of a heart-healthy diet.
Doctors recommend free diets.
Doctors recommend getting at least five servings of fruits and vegetables per day.
Doctors recommend good nutrition.
Doctors recommend hysterectomy to one in four women.
Doctors recommend immediate treatment as the best defense.
Doctors recommend including in a diet for gout mainly dietary meats.
Doctors recommend introducing solid foods in the middle of the first year of life.
Doctors recommend invasive tests.
Doctors recommend lifelong treatments.
Doctors recommend liquid diets.
Doctors recommend local-regional therapy by itself for many types of breast cancer.
Doctors recommend lose weight.
Doctors recommend low humidity for a healthier environment.
Doctors recommend men bank sperm before surgery if they want to father children.
Doctors recommend nourish breakfasts.
Doctors recommend nutrition.
Doctors recommend nutritious diets.
Doctors recommend parents limit stuffed animals to only a few out at a time.
Doctors recommend pressure.
Doctors recommend products.
Doctors recommend proteins.
Doctors recommend reducing early exposure to airborne allergens to help reduce the risks to infants.
Doctors recommend replacing sodium with potassium as part of controlling hypertension.
Doctors recommend routine mammography because it is effective in finding breast cancer early.
Doctors recommend schedules.
Doctors recommend screens.
Doctors recommend seven to nine hours of sleep each night.
Doctors recommend shopping for shoes in the afternoon, when feet are at their largest.
Doctors recommend shot.
Doctors recommend tests.
Doctors recommend that after a fracture is fixed, medications be used to prevent further fractures.
Doctors recommend that all infants be checked for jaundice within a few days of birth.
Doctors recommend that all women of childbearing age ingest folic acid.
Doctors recommend that anyone exposed to ten rads or more be monitored for health defects.
Doctors recommend that children who are too big for child seats use booster seats in cars.
Doctors recommend that people who have gout restrict purines in their diet.
Doctors recommend that people with diabetes take special care of their feet.
Doctors recommend that smokers stop at least two weeks before going under the knife.
Doctors recommend that women optimize their intake of folic acid several months prior to pregnancy.
Doctors recommend the maternal serum alpha feto-protein test.
Doctors recommend treating mild to moderate symptoms with antihistamines.
Doctors recommend treatments.
Doctors recommend trying some lifestyle changes to prevent the condition in the first place.
Doctors recommend types.
Doctors recommend using the medication from five minutes to an hour before exercise.
Doctors recommend vaccine schedules.
Doctors recommend vaccines.
Doctors recommend vitamins.
Doctors recommend weight.
Doctors recommend, first of all, losing weight and exercising.
Doctors recommmend antibiotics.
Doctors record habits.
Doctors record height.
Doctors record smoke habits.
Doctors refer to the primary tumor as unknown or occult.
Doctors referrel needed if heart disease applies.
Doctors refuse to enter the villages because of risks to their health.
Doctors regard patient treatment as a skilled individual performance.
Doctors regularly prescribe antihistamines and decongestants to treat allergies.
Doctors regularly send confidential patient records from labs to hospitals and insurance companies.
Doctors reject some immigrants for medical reasons.
Doctors relieve the pain with a treatment called radio frequency neural ablation.
Doctors rely on cutting out the tumors, and if they have spread, the patient is usually out of luck.
Doctors rely on information provided by parents to help determine the cause of the illness.
Doctors rely on medical assistants to keep their offices running in an efficient manner.
Doctors rely on scientific proof before they recommend treatment.
Doctors rely on what they have been taught.
Doctors remain ambivalent at best and hostile at worst.
Doctors remain circumspect about the chances of complete recovery for some victims.
Doctors remove eggs from the woman and sperm from the man.
Doctors remove iron from the body by removing iron-rich blood in several sessions.
Doctors remove some cells surrounding the fetus.
Doctors remove the diseased prostate and nearby tissue into which the cancer has spread.
Doctors removing implants often claim that they ruptured at the time of removal.
Doctors replace legs and arms with prosthetic, or artificial, limbs.
Doctors report cases of children who refuse to eat or who wake up with nightmares.
Doctors report cases.
Doctors report how crucial a balanced diet is to good health.
Doctors report lung disease among workers who milled and manufactured asbestos.
Doctors report pneumonia.
Doctors report seeing unnecessarily advanced stages of disease because of lack of proper treatment.
Doctors report smoking is bad for anyone's health.
Doctors report that well over half of all patients seeking treatment have no physical problems.
Doctors report there is a slight improvement.
Doctors represent a weak link in the U.S. regulatory system.
Doctors represent only one-quarter of the health workers that leave for the U.S. each year.
Doctors request such tests and get their results via computer.
Doctors request tests.
Doctors researching legitimate medical uses of the drug are able to get it.
Doctors reset the elbow and put it in a cast for four weeks.
Doctors restore what plastic surgeons cannot- such as ears, noses, and pallets.
Doctors retire due to age, disability or a desire to do something different.
Doctors retrieve the eggs from the woman's ovaries using a fine needle.
Doctors reuse the blood that is lost.
Doctors review and continuous care.
Doctors review information.
Doctors review medical history and write up work plans for operations.
Doctors review the patient's medical records and do a physical exam.
Doctors risk life imprisonment if prosecuted.
Doctors risking their reputations and livelihoods to relieve women's distress deserve better.
Doctors routinely assess pain.
Doctors routinely deny heart transplants to the mentally retarded.
Doctors routinely divide the breast into quadrants as shown in the drawing below.
Doctors routinely give the drug during emergency resuscitation after narcotic overdose.
Doctors routinely look for excess fluid by examining the legs and ankles for swelling.
Doctors routinely order biopsies when men have elevated blood levels of prostate-specific antigen.
Doctors routinely perform a similar type of operation on healthier heart valve patients.
Doctors routinely provide intensive care to ensure the survival of viable fetuses.
Doctors run blood tests.
Doctors run extra tests to protect themselves from malpractice.
Doctors run hospitals.
Doctors run tests.
Doctors rune extra tests in order to clear their liability just in case of a malpractice suit.
Doctors sacrifice a lot to go someplace to serve the poor.
Doctors save life.
Doctors save lives and teachers help make lives.
Doctors save on travel and get back to taking care of patients.
Doctors save people.
Doctors save time.
Doctors say a brief, isolated incident is probably no cause for alarm.
Doctors say a flu shot can take up to two weeks after vaccination to become fully effective.
Doctors say a variety of causes contribute, from brain chemistry to the media.
Doctors say a women's due date is pretty arbitrary.
Doctors say acupuncture can also relieve nausea during pregnancy.
Doctors say alcoholics drink more to feel better and that's what increases the risk of relapse.
Doctors say all the evidence points to a neurological assault by algae.
Doctors say an advantage of phenotypic testing is the simplicity of the results.
Doctors say an important method of symptom management is participation in an exercise program.
Doctors say anemia is usually the culprit and it can be treated with vitamin supplements.
Doctors say animals provide the ideal relationship.
Doctors say anti-inflammatories, coaches say ice and then heat.
Doctors say aspirin protects against heart disease as well.
Doctors say both men have brain damage from the attack.
Doctors say by using a nerve from the ankle, sexual function can be restored.
Doctors say children and teen-agers can still play tough, but they also have to play smart.
Doctors say children who go to day care facilities are most at risk for rotavirus infection.
Doctors say chocolate is a double dose of trouble since it contains both caffeine and sugar.
Doctors say dairy products are another story.
Doctors say dairy products, like cheese, often result in constipation, bloating and pain.
Doctors say diets that include high levels of dairy products are linked to the cancer.
Doctors say dozens of fasting inmates are now close to death.
Doctors say early lab results are encouraging.
Doctors say efforts to reduce rate of c-sections pose dangers.
Doctors say electricity wipes the short term memory out of their brains.
Doctors say emergency rooms ailing.
Doctors say exercise, tomatoes can cut cancer.
Doctors say five years, tops.
Doctors say fluid intake helps prevent heat illness, particularly during the summer months.
Doctors say generic drugs are chemically the same as brand names, but they cost a lot less.
Doctors say group A strep can destroy tissue and cause toxic shock or bleeding in the lungs.
Doctors say high levels of chlorine can hurt the liver.
Doctors say HMOs have been squeezing too hard.
Doctors say hypothermia, frostbite and muscle spasms are just a few of the potential hazards.
Doctors say increasing numbers of patients are report losing some or all of their hearing, too.
Doctors say it all depends.
Doctors say it allows for an unparalleled degree of precision and predictability.
Doctors say it can afflict anyone, however well acclimatised, however fit.
Doctors say it can damage the tissue.
Doctors say it causes everything from sore throats to a supression of the immune system.
Doctors say it depends on the person.
Doctors say it happens in all sorts of life-threatening situations.
Doctors say it is from complicated migraines.
Doctors say it is hereditary.
Doctors say it is most often spread through feces waste found in farm runoff water.
Doctors say it probably is a matter of neurology.
Doctors say it saves lives, but only if given within three hours of the stroke.
Doctors say it takes their minds off their problems.
Doctors say it usually takes more than one try to quit permantly, which is the basis of a new study.
Doctors say it was caused by exposure.
Doctors say it was probably something which was always going to happen.
Doctors say it's a drastic improvement over convention surgery.
Doctors say it's an open question, deserving of a closer look.
Doctors say it's because babies go home quickly from the hospital.
Doctors say it's effective in eliminating the disease in a small number of lung cancer patients.
Doctors say it's good for the system.
Doctors say it's important that it's easier on kids than the traditional injection.
Doctors say it's never too late to change old habits.
Doctors say it's nothing short of a miracle.
Doctors say it's part of a growing trend in interfamily organ donation.
Doctors say it's pretty hard for someone to be too alkaline.
Doctors say it's rare for a woman in a coma to give birth, especially by natural delivery.
Doctors say it's responsible for many of our illnesses.
Doctors say it's the only way to get rid of excess iron.
Doctors say knowledge is power.
Doctors say laser surgery allows for an unparalleled degree of precision and predictability.
Doctors say low calorie foods like skim milk and low fat cheese are excellent sources of calcium.
Doctors say male impotence in Egypt is relatively common, in part because of smoking and diabetes.
Doctors say many things can influence office waiting time.
Doctors say more federal funding is needed for cancer research.
Doctors say more research is needed to find out why heart attacks can be so deadly for young women.
Doctors say most common illnesses are allergies, abortions, depression and tuberculosis.
Doctors say most patients have virtually no pain and or side effects, but they can occur.
Doctors say no.
Doctors say nothing can do so much.
Doctors say one alcoholic drink a day is mild and two is moderate intake.
Doctors say one of the easiest ways to help clear skin is to reduce stress.
Doctors say our biological clock can influence blood pressure.
Doctors say pain is undertreated Medications make up only part of the arsenal against pain.
Doctors say parents can t been too careful.
Doctors say patients and the media often miss the fine print.
Doctors say pediatric obesity and inactivity are risk factors for heart disease and diabetes.
Doctors say people can avoid repeat problems with varicose veins if they receive follow-up care.
Doctors say people with sensitive noses are sexually repressed.
Doctors say recipients respond well to blood with reduced white cells.
Doctors say recovery usually takes eight months to a year.
Doctors say regular blood pressure checks are extremely important.
Doctors say rock chests beat scissors chests, but scissors chests beat paper chests.
Doctors say scores of private citizens have offered cash, toys, food and other gifts.
Doctors say screenings are the best way to detect kidney disease.
Doctors say side effects can include dizziness, drowsiness, and change in mental status.
Doctors say side effects occur only if too much botox is injected and the muscle becomes too weak.
Doctors say sleep apnea can even contribute to high blood pressure, heart attacks and strokes.
Doctors say so far, the treatment has worked best on older adults with macular degeneration.
Doctors say some insurance companies DO cover harmonic medicine.
Doctors say some side effects, like headache and diarrhea, are possible.
Doctors say stress is a factor.
Doctors say stressed-out people have higher blood pressure, even when they're away from work.
Doctors say tea's protective effects come from flavonoids which act as anti-oxidants.
Doctors say that allergy drugs are also in short supply.
Doctors say that an aneurysm was the likely cause of death.
Doctors say that at the end of the brain is a bump.
Doctors say that at the full moon, there is agitation in the psychiatric wards.
Doctors say that early trials with dawn simulators have been encouraging.
Doctors say that even some weight loss and casual exercise can decrease many health risks.
Doctors say that fatal diseases are the worst.
Doctors say that genetics and gender play the biggest role.
Doctors say that girls appear far more prone to suicide than boys.
Doctors say that heavy loads can cause shoulder pain or lower-back pain.
Doctors say that is hopeless.
Doctors say that is probably because pain receptors in the ears are less dense .
Doctors say that it can have long-term effects on the brain.
Doctors say that it has never been properly evaluated.
Doctors say that it is the only way to keep it from spreading.
Doctors say that liver spots are mainly caused by sun exposure.
Doctors say that part of the ignorance is their fault.
Doctors say that pet owners tend to make fewer visits to the their offices.
Doctors say that psychological issues complicate the matter as well.
Doctors say that raises the risk level for skin damage.
Doctors say that short breaks and laughter can help relieve stress.
Doctors say that the best treatment is a kidney transplant.
Doctors say that the disease produces flulike symptoms, mostly in children and young adults.
Doctors say that the more cigarettes a person smokes, the more likely they are to get an infection.
Doctors say that the number is growing due to longer life spans.
Doctors say that the program has physical as well as emotional benefits.
Doctors say that there is a way to fight female fatigue.
Doctors say that true tails are rare.
Doctors say that women are more likely than men to request mood-altering drugs.
Doctors say that women are outliving men.
Doctors say that's one more reason why people to see a dentist regularly.
Doctors say that's wrong.
Doctors say the ads help brake down attitude barriers about diseases like depression.
Doctors say the average adult needs seven to nine hours of sleep a night.
Doctors say the baby is in fair condition but the mother's wounds are serious.
Doctors say the battle between the two techniques is still unresolved.
Doctors say the best beauty product consumers can buy over the counter is sunblock.
Doctors say the best treatment is a kidney transplant.
Doctors say the beta- blocker helps the heart heal and repair itself over time.
Doctors say the biggest advantage of the corneal rings is that they are reversable.
Doctors say the body mass index reveals the real problem.
Doctors say the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head.
Doctors say the cells around the flap go to work immediately and the eye heals very quickly.
Doctors say the condition is difficult to diagnose because of the range of symptoms.
Doctors say the condition seems to run in families.
Doctors say the device is lethal - but the police have confirmed it is perfectly legal.
Doctors say the disease is latent.
Doctors say the drug is addictive because it's effective.
Doctors say the drug is so addictive because it is so effective.
Doctors say the drug.
Doctors say the effect of the injection lasts about a year, and patients can have it redone.
Doctors say the gene discovery is just the beginning of a new way of thinking about cancer.
Doctors say the girls have distinct personalities.
Doctors say the girls have very distinct personalities.
Doctors say the law has actually opened the doors of communication.
Doctors say the long and difficult workers compensation process can seriously impede recovery.
Doctors say the main problem is the lack of sex education.
Doctors say the man is being treated as an outpatient for dementia.
Doctors say the mother tested positive for cocaine at delivery.
Doctors say the move is harmless if executed properly.
Doctors say the muscle pain is a disorder known as fibromyalgia.
Doctors say the nerve grafts allow some men to regain sexual function.
Doctors say the new device means babies can avoid such damage by having their brains cooled.
Doctors say the new policy is a responsible way to address the growing concerns.
Doctors say the number of deaths is sure to increase.
Doctors say the number of stroke victims has nearly doubled over the last twenty-five years.
Doctors say the odds of delivering on a specific date are pretty small.
Doctors say the operation was successful.
Doctors say the pill is statistically as effective as surgical abortion but less invasive.
Doctors say the pope has recuperated flawlessly from surgery to remove an inflamed appendix.
Doctors say the pressure can be intense.
Doctors say the problem is due to the fake vodka sold in many kiosks around town.
Doctors say the procedure is highly experimental and is years away from routine use.
Doctors say the procedure is most effective in treating a ruptured, herniated or degenerated disk.
Doctors say the products work.
Doctors say the prognosis for a complete cure is excellent.
Doctors say the requirements passed down from state and federal officials change frequently.
Doctors say the research is promising, but caution it is still in the early stages.
Doctors say the Roanoke Valley's fall ragweed season is in full bloom.
Doctors say the same thing.
Doctors say the science of fetal development has remained the same for decades.
Doctors say the sooner changes are implemented, the better.
Doctors say the sound quality is different than sound perceived by people without hearing loss.
Doctors say the student is in good condition tonight.
Doctors say the toe is sprained and there's really nothing modern medicine can do to get it well.
Doctors say the treatment works best in patients diagnosed early.
Doctors say the vest has already shown success.
Doctors say the virus attacks the brain and causes a high fever.
Doctors say the wife can help stress the importance of yearly prostate cancer screenings.
Doctors say the wife is the primary seeker of healthcare information in the household.
Doctors say the wrong treatment can make an injury even worse, or a cold or virus more severe.
Doctors say their lives are out of danger.
Doctors say there are a variety of things to consider first.
Doctors say there are advantages to the celial plexus neurolysis.
Doctors say there is a probable link between intellectual activity and mental ability.
Doctors say there is less than a one percent risk of intercranial bleeding.
Doctors say there is no chance for long-term survival.
Doctors say there is no cure for gout and recommend control with medication.
Doctors say there is no risk to human health.
Doctors say there is nothing physically wrong.
Doctors say there is too much risk of the statements ending up in the wrong hands.
Doctors say there's a new trend in cosmetic surgery.
Doctors say they are also seeing a startling number of children with the disease.
Doctors say they are board certified.
Doctors say they are glad allergy marketing is going mainstream.
Doctors say they are over-worked.
Doctors say they can do more to prevent a crisis.
Doctors say they carefully screen their teen patients before agreeing to such surgeries.
Doctors say they do routinely hold discussions with parents on whether to withhold care.
Doctors say they feel they are racing the clock trying to isolate the cause and find a cure.
Doctors say they have a donor heart.
Doctors say they have a practical, low-cost alternative to synchrotrons for biomedical research.
Doctors say they have cured a patient when they have removed the symptoms of a particular problem.
Doctors say they know more about treating depression and pain.
Doctors say they now know what causes ear infections.
Doctors say they see a variety of men in their office.
Doctors say they see that kind of injury only in auto accidents.
Doctors say they want to get back to the basics of providing care.
Doctors say they're extremely happy about the outcome of the operation.
Doctors say they're happy to have more such programs available for their pregnant patients.
Doctors say they're seeing hearing loss at younger ages.
Doctors say they're unreliable.
Doctors say they've made great strides in recent decades in battling the disease.
Doctors say to just wait.
Doctors say to never double up on pain relievers.
Doctors say touch ups are necessary a few weeks later after most procedures.
Doctors say treating asthma is a two fold process.
Doctors say twist in neck can trigger a stroke.
Doctors say undernutrition is making people susceptible to disease.
Doctors say understanding the condition is the key to success for medical treatment.
Doctors say unlike a cold, the flu comes with a high fever, muscle aches, coughing and headaches.
Doctors say while there is no cure, most patients can still live active lives.
Doctors say with thousands of people in temporary shelters, there is a growing threat of cholera.
Doctors say women on the pill can go years without getting their periods.
Doctors say women tend to get a pain in the jaw, and many believe it to be a tooth ache.
Doctors say, 'A medical miracle'.
Doctors say, for many people, the diagnosis of malignant melanoma can be a death sentence.
Doctors say, they have spent many years learning what they know and someone has to pay for it.
Doctors scan the patient's arteries using a painless ultrasound device.
Doctors scramble for a correction.
Doctors see a kazillion patients and smile at each one.
Doctors see a lot of children come in.
Doctors see a problem too, but a very different one.
Doctors see cancer tumor characteristics.
Doctors see cases.
Doctors see characteristics.
Doctors see disease.
Doctors see email as an additional burden on an already overcrowded schedule.
Doctors see half a million.
Doctors see it all the time.
Doctors see it differently.
Doctors see many patients in one day and have to spread themselves out.
Doctors see no problem with sendingpatients to labs they own.
Doctors see patients.
Doctors see plenty of patients with such minor but bothersome symptoms.
Doctors see problems.
Doctors see the body changes and can make a more specific diagnosis according to laboratory results.
Doctors seek methods.
Doctors seek ways to measure evil .
Doctors seeking to purchase or sell a practice, please click here .
Doctors seem determined to embarrass the government.
Doctors seem especially pleased.
Doctors seem ill-equipped to fight society's economic demands.
Doctors seem like dealers for drug companies.
Doctors seem reluctant to diagnose children.
Doctors seem to be disappearing.
Doctors seem to be listening.
Doctors seem to be the most culpable.
Doctors seem to consider diet is unimportant to the health of the human.
Doctors seem to do better when they have a system or scale to follow.
Doctors seem to have no doubt.
Doctors seem to think it can.
Doctors seem to think maggots are a step backwards.
Doctors seem to try to treat symptoms instead of helping discover the cause of the migraines.
Doctors seldon give complete or detailed info to patients.
Doctors send specimens.
Doctors serve a mandatory two years in rural areas.
Doctors shake hands.
Doctors shake heads.
Doctors show interest.
Doctors show patients.
Doctors sign a form agreeing to monitor the patient's medical condition.
Doctors sign up.
Doctors simply use their naked eyes to scan patients' bodies for signs of trouble.
Doctors sit before computer screens reviewing test results or writing in charts.
Doctors snap at nurses and the nurses have to dump on orderlies and patients in return.
Doctors sound hopeful but nothing is for sure.
Doctors speak English and Spanish.
Doctors speak English.
Doctors specialize in approaches.
Doctors specialize in care.
Doctors specialize in diagnosis treatments.
Doctors specialize in issues.
Doctors specialize in problems.
Doctors specialize in treatments.
Doctors specialize in types.
Doctors specializing in food allergies report that many people are allergic to their favorite foods.
Doctors specializing in sports medicine agree.
Doctors speculate a full recovery is still six months off.
Doctors speculate that cold viruses prompt asthma attacks by causing inflammation in the lungs.
Doctors speculate that cold viruses prompt attacks by causing inflammation in the lungs.
Doctors speculate that convenience and time savings have a lot to do with the study results.
Doctors spend a portion of their time providing indigent care.
Doctors spend four years in medical school, so they're experts on human anatomy.
Doctors spend less time with patients.
Doctors spend years in preparation so they can prescribe the correct medicine.
Doctors splint broken bones with gauze impregnated with orthopedic plaster.
Doctors spousal partners and families are in a unique position as patients themselves.
Doctors still believe that oxygen plays a role but they can better control the amount.
Doctors still have some options in states with no laws against retroactive denials.
Doctors still rank quite high in the eyes of their patients.
Doctors still say they can find nothing.
Doctors still see the body as a sophisticated physical mechanism.
Doctors still seem unwilling to prescribe it, however, thinking it is old fashioned.
Doctors still take the oath, but technology has added to the complexity of what that oath means.
Doctors still tend to evaluate men more thoroughly than they do women.
Doctors still warn that the next two years are critical.
Doctors stress an early diagnosis is critical because lupus can be a deadly disease.
Doctors stress that they are no risk to others.
Doctors strike continues with no resolution in sight.
Doctors strongly caution the research is very preliminary and needs further investigation.
Doctors struggle to find the cause, wasting precious time pondering possible diagnoses.
Doctors struggle to repair internal injuries caused by car crash.
Doctors study how the drug is absorbed, metabolized, and excreted.
Doctors study medicine.
Doctors submit their most interesting, representative or unusual cases.
Doctors subscribe to a number of procedures.
Doctors succeed in forgoing antirejection drugs in transplant.
Doctors successfully treat tapeworm infections with medicines.
Doctors suffer the syndrome.
Doctors suggest avoiding powders with cornstarch because it can promote fungal growth.
Doctors suggest breakfasts.
Doctors suggest diets.
Doctors suggest diseases.
Doctors suggest early treatment before the fungus becomes persistent and hard to eradicate.
Doctors suggest food.
Doctors suggest getting regular check-ups, especially after menopause.
Doctors suggest good meals.
Doctors suggest meals.
Doctors suggest medicine.
Doctors suggest methods.
Doctors suggest mild peripheral neuropathy.
Doctors suggest nourish breakfasts.
Doctors suggest procedures.
Doctors suggest tests.
Doctors suggest that the following habits are helpful.
Doctors suggest treatments.
Doctors suggest using ear drops to prevent infections.
Doctors suspect a decrease in estrogen is the cause.
Doctors suspect a viral infection.
Doctors suspect an enzyme in the baby's body malfunctioned or was missing altogether.
Doctors suspect atelectasis based on a person's symptoms and the physical examination findings.
Doctors suspect food poisoning.
Doctors suspect our increasingly stressful lives.
Doctors suspect that it is partly due to heredity and the environment.
Doctors suspect that over time, the irritating acid causes cellular changes in the esophagus.
Doctors suspect, of course, that the shock from the electric fence was somehow responsible.
Doctors tailor medications to produce the desired clinical effect.
Doctors take a conservative approach to treating chronic pain.
Doctors take an oath to cure.
Doctors take blood samples.
Doctors take care.
Doctors take charge.
Doctors take different views on prescribing steroids.
Doctors take great care to be certain no physical disorder is responsible for the symptoms.
Doctors take holidays.
Doctors take moisten swabs.
Doctors take oath to serve humanity including their enemies.
Doctors take psychology as part of their coursework.
Doctors take samples.
Doctors take sleep apnea quite seriously.
Doctors take small blood samples.
Doctors take small samples.
Doctors take swabs.
Doctors take the Hippocratic Oath to care for their patients' well-being.
Doctors take the tube, hooked to a ventilator, out of the tunnel.
Doctors take their own medicine.
Doctors take time.
Doctors take two aspirins and do it in the morning.
Doctors take urine samples.
Doctors talk about eating right to prevent disease later.
Doctors talk in technical language.
Doctors talk to other doctors using e-mail.
Doctors talk to other ones that are doing research on it.
Doctors tell benefits.
Doctors tell mothers that childhood illnesses generally offer some immunity to children.
Doctors tell their patients to go take a yoga class because they know it works.
Doctors tend to advise it and insurance companies cover it.
Doctors tend to agree with that point of view now.
Doctors tend to be concentrated in the cities and are in short supply in some rural areas.
Doctors tend to be locked in on old, familiar procedures.
Doctors tend to believe the first thing a patient says is the most important.
Doctors tend to cluster in cities where their patient base is bigger.
Doctors tend to extract benign tumors for their potentiality to become malignant.
Doctors tend to focus on depression over anxiety, but there are available treatments for anxiety.
Doctors tend to prescribe valium-like drugs that are addictive within even a week of use.
Doctors tend to really let their health needs go.
Doctors tend to scoff at such statements.
Doctors tend to start at the peak instead of the base.
Doctors tend to under-diagnose drug and alcohol problems.
Doctors tend to wait too long to make a referral.
Doctors tend to withdraw when faced with terminal patients.
Doctors tending to stroke and head-trauma victims have few effective options.
Doctors test as many as they can.
Doctors test blood.
Doctors test for conditions such as high cholesterol, liver problems and, for women, pregnancy.
Doctors test how well nerves conduct signals from the feet.
Doctors test levels.
Doctors test potassium levels.
Doctors test reaction.
Doctors test reflexes.
Doctors test samples.
Doctors test the patient by using intradermal or prick tests.
Doctors testify on their behalf.
Doctors then examine the fluid for genetic defects, infections, or for fetal maturity, if indicated.
Doctors then give the advice tailored specifically to a person s mind-set.
Doctors then implant through the catheter tiny stainless steel coils that plug one end of the vein.
Doctors then insert a needle into the vagina and ovaries and remove as many eggs as possible.
Doctors then insert a small catheter and guide it to the top of the saphenous vein.
Doctors then perform a pelvic exam and an ultrasound to make sure that the woman is pregnant.
Doctors then remove it in an outpatient surgery.
Doctors then see patients either at or reasonably close to the exact appointment time.
Doctors then trace where the dye flows to see which lymph node it reaches first.
Doctors then use the scope to look for abnormalities that suggest cancer.
Doctors there are experimentally transplanting human cells into the brains of stroke victims.
Doctors there have no regulation and are all quacks.
Doctors there report a massive increase in leukemia, which they attribute to depleted uranium.
Doctors think a lot of patients are cured who have simply given up in disgust.
Doctors think a lot of patients are cured who have simply quit in disgust.
Doctors think it has something to do with diet and a similar rise in the obesity rate.
Doctors think it involves links between nerve cells in the brain.
Doctors think it is their right to decide when to stop treatment.
Doctors think it's caused by too much travel, stress, and road food.
Doctors think profound childbirth-induced hormone changes also affect the brain.
Doctors think that a diet plays an important role in migraines for some children.
Doctors think that deception is permissible.
Doctors think that something in the factor concentrate triggers the body s immune system to react.
Doctors think that to themselves.
Doctors think the amoeba kills only people who have some other problem with their immune systems.
Doctors think the iron causes the synovial lining to get thicker.
Doctors think they are closing in on a cure.
Doctors think they're gods, but the nurses are the ones who really take care of the patients.
Doctors thus face a dilemma.
Doctors to assist patients.
Doctors to determine causes.
Doctors to determine root causes.
Doctors to discuss surgery.
Doctors to find answers.
Doctors to help lifelong wellnesses.
Doctors to help wellnesses.
Doctors to monitor health.
Doctors to monitor kidney health.
Doctors to monitor overall health.
Doctors to perform surgery.
Doctors to provide best possible care.
Doctors to provide care.
Doctors to provide services.
Doctors to see final results.
Doctors to see patterns.
Doctors to see results.
Doctors to take actions.
Doctors to treat conditions.
Doctors to treat infection.
Doctors to write prescriptions.
Doctors too mistake it because it masks as menopause.
Doctors traditionally do a procedure known as a hard palate graft.
Doctors traditionally use skin tests to diagnose allergies.
Doctors train in France.
Doctors trained in Nigeria have few options, and many have left the country.
Doctors transmit images for diagnosis in specialized centers.
Doctors travel by aircraft from central bases and keep in touch with their patients by radio.
Doctors treat a child with cyanide poisoning from peach pits.
Doctors treat a diagnosis and are tourists.
Doctors treat a tree surgeon.
Doctors treat adrenal insufficiency with medications to replace corticosteroid hormones.
Doctors treat apnea with caffeine and other medicines.
Doctors treat babies.
Doctors treat clients in health-promoting ways.
Doctors treat conditions.
Doctors treat diseases.
Doctors treat diseases.
Doctors treat each other with respect.
Doctors treat each tumor individually, either by removing it or by correcting the hormone imbalance.
Doctors treat fertility and hormone problems, infections, and sexually transmitted diseases.
Doctors treat FMS by alleviating symptoms.
Doctors treat hyperhomocystinemia with folate supplements.
Doctors treat kidney problems.
Doctors treat minor corneal infections with antibiotic eye drops.
Doctors treat muscular diseases.
Doctors treat nerve inflammation caused by herpes zoster with the antiviral drug acy- clovir.
Doctors treat nerve problems.
Doctors treat pain.
Doctors treat patients.
Doctors treat people.
Doctors treat premature babies.
Doctors treat problems.
Doctors treat reflux in a three-step process.
Doctors treat scleroderma with drugs that suppress the immune system and reduce inflammation.
Doctors treat small-cell lung cancer with chemotherapy.
Doctors treat surgical patients.
Doctors treat the illness associated with IgA deficiency instead of the condition itself.
Doctors treat the problem only about half the time patients report it.
Doctors treat the unborn as legitimate patients just as they do the born children.
Doctors treat thousands of people with overactive bladder every day.
Doctors treat whipworm disease most often with mebendazole and albendazole.
Doctors treat wounds.
Doctors treating heart attack patients have to make a lot of decisions very quickly.
Doctors treating workers make money.
Doctors trust drug companies.
Doctors try cooling as stroke therapy.
Doctors try to distinguish between overhydration and excess blood volume.
Doctors try to explain the girl's sudden strange behavior in scientific and mental-health terms.
Doctors try to look at the question in terms of current and future quality of life.
Doctors try to match tissue to specific requirements.
Doctors try to persuade infected women to avoid or terminate pregnancy.
Doctors try to plan the patient s therapy to keep problems to a minimum.
Doctors try to plan the patient's therapy to keep problems to a minimum.
Doctors try to plan the patient's therapy to keep side effects to a minimum.
Doctors try to plan the therapy to keep side effects to a minimum.
Doctors try to plan treatment to keep problems to a minimum.
Doctors try to plan treatment to keep side effects to a minimum.
Doctors try to recommend a treatment plan that keeps problems to a minimum.
Doctors try to recommend treatment plans to keep problems to a minimum.
Doctors try to remove the cyst protruding from the spine and cover the wound with muscle and skin.
Doctors try to save lives.
Doctors try to treat any infectious cause or eliminate any drugs that are suspected causes.
Doctors try to treat too many patients.
Doctors try to ward off attacks by prescribing a healthy diet and moderate exercise.
Doctors tune into their patients emotions.
Doctors turn to the conventional wisdom, searching for a biological cause.
Doctors type in every detail of a patient's care.
Doctors typically advise people who are allergic to one type of finned fish to avoid all types.
Doctors typically give much smaller doses in the belief that it is safer and works just as well.
Doctors typically prescribe the drugs simply hoping they'll work as they do in adults.
Doctors typically recommend yearly eye exams once presbyopia has been diagnosed.
Doctors typically treat it with drugs or electricity to restore a normal heart rhythm.
Doctors typically use an electric needle that destroys the residual tumor and controls bleeding.
Doctors typically wonder what they have to say in order to establish rapport.
Doctors understand menopause better than in the past.
Doctors universally refer to the advancement of breast cancer by stages.
Doctors universally refer to the spread of colon and rectum cancer by stages.
Doctors universally refer to the spread of liver cancer by stages.
Doctors universally refer to the spread of melanoma by stages.
Doctors universally refer to the spread of pancreas cancer by stages.
Doctors universally refer to the spread of stomach cancer by stages.
Doctors urge adults to get yearly physicals that include a urinalysis to check for kidney disease.
Doctors urge heavy caffeine drinkers to cut back during pregnancy.
Doctors urge hospitals to use hidden cameras to catch abuse.
Doctors urge men to get regular checkups.
Doctors urge nonprescription status.
Doctors urge others to follow suit.
Doctors urge patients to keep their cholesterol levels under control.
Doctors urge patients to report possible drug side effects to a health worker immediately.
Doctors urge the public to be cautious as potentially fatal melanoma cases increase.
Doctors urge uniformity in testing of newborns.
Doctors urge young people to take frequent breaks from their computers, and to use proper posture.
Doctors use a battery of diagnostic tests to confirm if their patients have a particular disease.
Doctors use a blood test that checks for antibodies of the protein.
Doctors use a laser beam to destroy the blood vessels in the diseased area.
Doctors use a portion of the large bowel, which they fashion into a new bladder.
Doctors use a rectal exam of the prostate to screen for prostate disease.
Doctors use a simple blood test to measure the total amount of cholesterol in an individual's blood.
Doctors use a special instrument called a staple remover.
Doctors use a special saw with a dull, round blade that vibrates up and down.
Doctors use a variety of methods to treat venous disease.
Doctors use a variety of tests and procedures to examine a patient with chronic heartburn.
Doctors use antibiotics to kill bacteria and cure infections.
Doctors use casts of fiberglass currently .
Doctors use casts of fiberglass currently.
Doctors use CAT scans.
Doctors use certain medical procedures to determine why the child has hypotonia.
Doctors use coconut water.
Doctors use computers to monitor body temperature.
Doctors use devices.
Doctors use different tables and formulas when measuring body fat to determine if a person is obese.
Doctors use different terms.
Doctors use electric needles.
Doctors use electronic forms to expedite filing claims.
Doctors use fetal monitoring during labor in all high-risk pregnancies.
Doctors use forceps or another instrument called a probang.
Doctors use hands.
Doctors use heat, massage, and medicines in treating cramps.
Doctors use heparin, a blood thinner, to treat cardiac patients at risk for blood clots.
Doctors use imaging techniques to monitor where the peptide goes.
Doctors use information.
Doctors use infrared lamps to treat skin diseases and relieve the pain of sore muscles.
Doctors use instead the latest editions of medical textbooks.
Doctors use it to describe patients who have lost parts or all of their ability to focus attention .
Doctors use it to describe patients who have lost parts or all of their ability to focus attention.
Doctors use it to detect hidden damage to the brain.
Doctors use it to help with diarrhea.
Doctors use it to monitor blood glucose control.
Doctors use kits.
Doctors use knowledge of superficial anatomy to gauge the location of internal organs in the body.
Doctors use Latin abbreviations in writing prescriptions to be read by the pharmacist.
Doctors use leeches for microsurgery because of their ability to remove blood that has coagulated.
Doctors use leeches to promote circulation.
Doctors use many criteria to diagnose the severity of a sprain.
Doctors use many different kinds of tests to find out if a person suffers from heart disease.
Doctors use massive doses of atrophine sulfate to treat organophosphate and carbamate poisoning.
Doctors use medicines to eliminate or reduce pain and to improve functioning.
Doctors use metal guides and a jigsaw to cut and shape the bones to exact measurements.
Doctors use methods.
Doctors use most services free.
Doctors use needles.
Doctors use numerous euphemisms for drug addiction.
Doctors use one and three inch acupuncture needles to medicate their patients.
Doctors use optical devices.
Doctors use outside authorities, in part, to reduce the risk of malpractice.
Doctors use ovulation kits.
Doctors use precision in prescribing.
Doctors use radiation to treat cancer because it kills cancer cells.
Doctors use radiation treatment, or irradiation, to direct damaging energy at tumor cells.
Doctors use results.
Doctors use rounded forceps to grasp the baby's head on either side, then pull.
Doctors use routine blood tests to first rule out anemia, and liver and kidney malfunction.
Doctors use scientific tests, but they disagree amongst themselves.
Doctors use several different tests to find osteoporosis.
Doctors use several methods to diagnose knee problems.
Doctors use several methods.
Doctors use special drugs to prepare the donor's ovaries.
Doctors use steroids to reduce inflammation.
Doctors use stethoscopes.
Doctors use syringes as darts.
Doctors use teleconferencing and telesensing to interview and examine patients.
Doctors use telemedicine technology to monitor patients from the living room of their homes.
Doctors use tests.
Doctors use that image to quantify how much of the heart has poor blood flow.
Doctors use that phrase to mystify the profession and keep it at arm's length from patients.
Doctors use the Apgar test to assess the alertness of a newborn baby.
Doctors use the electroencephalograph to help diagnose epilepsy.
Doctors use the gamma rays to kill cancer cells.
Doctors use the images to best assess the condition and treatment plan.
Doctors use the Internet to consult with colleagues half a world away.
Doctors use the opportunity to educate parents about their child's development.
Doctors use the picture to see how much plaque is present.
Doctors use the process of induction to jump-start contractions with medication.
Doctors use the sedimentation rate to help to determine if inflammation is present in the patient.
Doctors use the system to post digital pictures of patients' injuries for insurance purposes.
Doctors use the terms fracture and broken bone to mean the same thing.
Doctors use the vaginal transducer for many other types of examinations as well.
Doctors use the word indolent to describe medical conditions that are slow to progress.
Doctors use three blood tests to measure the amount of iron in the body.
Doctors use three fingers to feel the pulse.
Doctors use treatments.
Doctors use two kinds of medications.
Doctors use two tests to diagnose a pollen allergy.
Doctors use ultrasound to identify placenta previa.
Doctors use ultrasounds because they are much safer than x-rays.
Doctors use urine and blood tests to check for diabetes.
Doctors use vaccines in order to prevent such virus diseases as influenza, measles, and polio.
Doctors use values.
Doctors use water.
Doctors use X-rays to check the progress.
Doctors use x-rays to see if someone has broken their arm or leg.
Doctors using the system have terminals in their offices and enter their own data.
Doctors vaccinate the unwitting and uninformed.
Doctors view sexual dysfunction much like any other medical condition.
Doctors visit the centre regularly and give immunisation and vitamins when required.
Doctors visiting patients in nursing homes can prescribe medication and check for test results.
Doctors volunteer their time and expertise.
Doctors walk out, with the support of dentists, drug companies, business groups, and the media.
Doctors want blood tests.
Doctors want companions.
Doctors want tests.
Doctors warn against becoming complacent regarding STDs and sexual health.
Doctors warn against breathing in mold over long periods of time.
Doctors warn guns are a health risk .
Doctors warn of child cigarette fiends.
Doctors warn that ozone depletion is still increasing skin cancer risks.
Doctors warn that sustained exposure to excessive volumes can cause hearing loss.
Doctors warn the new vaccine is just the first step in treating brain tumors.
Doctors wash hands.
Doctors wash their hands between patients.
Doctors watch closely for any sign of a developing problem.
Doctors watch closely for any sign of such problems.
Doctors watch the forecasts.
Doctors wear full-dress attire on ceremonial occasions.
Doctors wear gloves and masks, ask more personal questions.
Doctors wear masks against the spread of germs.
Doctors wear scarlet.
Doctors weigh and measure.
Doctors wield a great deal of power even today.
Doctors work a lot of hours, they really work hard.
Doctors work at least full time hours.
Doctors work full-time in either the public or private sector with no crossover.
Doctors work hard to heal everyone just in case they grow up to be important.
Doctors work in fields.
Doctors work long hours, sometimes extending into meal breaks, rest and leisure time.
Doctors work such long hours and are constantly on-call.
Doctors work together with a nurse who does most of the paperwork.
Doctors work with and refer out when needed to find the best possible healthcare solutions.
Doctors working here full time assist in the evaluation and management of cases.
Doctors working in Mexican prisons often fail to make full reports on the conditions of prisoners.
Doctors works to perfect shopping mall surgery.
Doctors write in capital letters.
Doctors write in letters.
Doctors write prescriptions.
Doctors write the prescription, pharmacists fill it, and addicts abuse it.
Doctors always prescribe an antibiotic, usually penicillin, to treat strep throat.
Doctors always recommend aspirin for infants, children and teenagers.
Doctors always recommend dietary changes for people who want to reduce cholesterol.
Doctors always recommend professional screenings for cancerous moles.
Doctors always say there is but recently their cries of anguish have hit higher decibels.
Doctors always seem to want to know temperatures.
Doctors frequently disagree on what the standard of care is in a particular case.
Doctors frequently prescribe corticosteroids such as prednisone.
Doctors frequently prescribe other drugs, to be taken regularly, that reduce the heart's workload.
Doctors frequently recommend bed rest, fluids and medicine to relieve fever and headache.
Doctors frequently recommend flavonoid supplements for people with hemorrhoids.
Doctors frequently rely on the results on many tests and procedures to determine a patient's health.
Doctors frequently suggest a quarter cup or more per day of wheat bran along with fluid.
Doctors frequently suggest calcium supplements to help reduce the chance of osteoporosis.
Doctors often advise against powders containing cornstarch because it can promote fungal growth.
Doctors often advise patients with ulcers or anxiety disorders to avoid caffeine.
Doctors often affirm that women's demand for cesarean deliveries keeps rates high.
Doctors often allow chemically similar generics if they feel the alternatives are as effective.
Doctors often are able to diagnose the problem simply by taking a careful history.
Doctors often ask about several things when a person has shortness of breath.
Doctors often ask how long an epileptic is unconcious.
Doctors often ask their patients with cancer to participate in clinical trials.
Doctors often blame patients when communication breaks down.
Doctors often call it ESWL for short.
Doctors often can detect liver disease before a patient notices any symptoms.
Doctors often classify swimmer's ear according to mild, moderate and advanced stages of progression.
Doctors often combine two or more methods to treat more advanced cancers.
Doctors often combine two or more methods to treat more advanced stage cancers.
Doctors often compare a flu pandemic to a hurricane.
Doctors often counter that effect with pitocin, a hormone that accelerates labor.
Doctors often deride managed-care companies as meddling and stingy with medical care.
Doctors often differ in their estimation of comparative health risks and appropriate treatment.
Doctors often disagree on the criteria for deciding whether a caesarean section is necessary.
Doctors often disagree regarding the percentage of permanent partial disability in any given case.
Doctors often discuss the side effects with patients in detail.
Doctors often end up playing Russian roulette with our lives.
Doctors often explain bad lifestyle, unhealthy diet and inadequate exercise as the cause.
Doctors often fail to address their dying patients physical suffering.
Doctors often fail to heed wishes of the dying patient.
Doctors often feel they have a certain image to keep up to appear successful to their peers.
Doctors often find chronic leukemia during a routine checkup, before there are any symptoms.
Doctors often find chronic pain a disappointing and frustrating problem to deal with.
Doctors often find it difficult to acknowledge that they feel stressed or ask for help.
Doctors often forget to look for pet shop diseases.
Doctors often give patients preoperative antibiotics to cut back on infections during surgery.
Doctors often give the worst case scenario.
Doctors often have different outlooks on the nature and treatment of illness.
Doctors often have difficulty identifying the symptoms because they are so rare.
Doctors often have to make management decisions on financial grounds.
Doctors often hear heart murmurs when they check children who have a fever.
Doctors often hesitate to diagnose it until a child is two or three or older.
Doctors often ignore the patient s emotional health.
Doctors often ignore their dying patients preferences for care.
Doctors often inject cortisone-type medications into painful damaged joints and tendons.
Doctors often insert stents to help keep an artery open.
Doctors often know that a drug works without understanding exactly how or why.
Doctors often know who are the best-qualified colleagues in their field.
Doctors often leave out the phrase 'medically necessary' when requesting deviations from the plan.
Doctors often look at an X-ray of the chest .
Doctors often look at an X-ray of the chest.
Doctors often look at the colour of the skin to determine the general state of health of the body.
Doctors often make decisions about therapy based on compliance.
Doctors often misdiagnose it as depression.
Doctors often misdiagnose the condition or miss it entirely because of the similarity to menopause.
Doctors often neglect their spouses and children .
Doctors often offer body composition tests.
Doctors often perform a cesarean as a matter of course when the baby is in a breech position.
Doctors often post questions about highly unusual cases, and get answers by the next day.
Doctors often prescribe a cortisone eardrop at bedtime when ears itch.
Doctors often prescribe a cortisone eardrop at bedtime when the ears itch.
Doctors often prescribe antibiotics for a bacterial infection.
Doctors often prescribe antibiotics which usually clear up the problem within two to three days.
Doctors often prescribe anticoagulants such as heparin and warfarin to help prevent clot formation.
Doctors often prescribe aspirin and statins at the same time to prevent heart disease.
Doctors often prescribe estrogen to help prevent bone loss and other complications of menopause.
Doctors often prescribe gas drops for colicky infants.
Doctors often prescribe it in small, pre-filled syringes to people who are prone to such attacks.
Doctors often prescribe oral medications, too.
Doctors often prescribe oral or topical corticosteroids for serious cases.
Doctors often prescribe quinine.
Doctors often prescribe steroid creams to help cure the problem.
Doctors often prescribe the diet because it helps ketosis.
Doctors often prescribe various pain medications for people with shingles.
Doctors often promote taking vitamins as a supplement to a healthy diet.
Doctors often question whether surgery or radiation provide any real benefit for the older patient.
Doctors often recommend a daily regimen of aspirin for patients at high risk.
Doctors often recommend avoiding powders containing cornstarch because it can promote fungal growth.
Doctors often recommend calcium supplements for children with kidney disease.
Doctors often recommend cool mist to humidify the air.
Doctors often recommend humidity to repel upper respiratory problems caused by dry air.
Doctors often recommend it to people with severe acne, the kind that can scar.
Doctors often recommend lifestyle changes first when treating varicose veins.
Doctors often recommend temporarily stopping the drug during school breaks and summer vacations.
Doctors often recommend that at some point the hole be closed, but it can go undetected.
Doctors often recommend that people at risk of heart attacks take aspirins to reduce clotting.
Doctors often say things in their dictation that they never intend to be transcribed.
Doctors often seem so busy that a patient feels guilty and apologetic for taking up their time.
Doctors often study records of complex operations in order for improving their knowledge and skill .
Doctors often suggest that the condition be closely monitored, with no treatment.
Doctors often suspect a child has hearing problems before diagnosing autism.
Doctors often take a 'watch and wait' approach to certain diseases before starting treatment.
Doctors often talk of problem patients .
Doctors often test lead levels in blood for children under the age of six.
Doctors often treat anorexics and bulimics with prescription drugs and psychotherapy.
Doctors often try to rule out every other possible alternative before diagnosing panic disorder.
Doctors often turn around and sue hospitals over due process issues.
Doctors often underplay the potential side-effects.
Doctors often use anaesthetic as well.
Doctors often use drug therapy as the first choice for treating acne.
Doctors often use it on only very young children.
Doctors often use radiation and chemotherapy to kill bad cells.
Doctors often use the Glasgow Coma Scale to rate the extent of injury and chances of recovery.
Doctors often use ultrasound to further evaluate a suspicious area before turning to a biopsy.
Doctors sometimes call it Still's disease.
Doctors sometimes can fix the problems that cause kidney injury.
Doctors sometimes choose to treat patients in the catheterization lab.
Doctors sometimes confuse families by asking their permission to turn off the ventilator.
Doctors sometimes fail to recognize the disease.
Doctors sometimes feel that nonphysician reviewers are calling to challenge their judgment.
Doctors sometimes forget to ask the patients about how they feel or what they think.
Doctors sometimes give too pessimistic a prognosis.
Doctors sometimes have to work long hours.
Doctors sometimes make tiny cuts in the side of a cast to allow room for possible swelling.
Doctors sometimes make tiny cuts in the sides of a cast to allow room for possible swelling.
Doctors sometimes make tiny cuts in the sides of a cast to allow room for swelling.
Doctors sometimes miss a muscle with the shots and the treatment is ineffective.
Doctors sometimes participate, as much to learn as to answer queries.
Doctors sometimes prescribe a potassium supplement and recommend eating more potassium-rich foods.
Doctors sometimes prescribe antihistamines, sympathomimetic drugs, or corticosteroids.
Doctors sometimes prescribe cocaine as an appetite suppressant, for people who want to lose weight.
Doctors sometimes prescribe short-term drug therapy as well.
Doctors sometimes prescribe stronger analgesics containing codeine.
Doctors sometimes prescribe.
Doctors sometimes pump liquid into the ankle joint to further decrease blood flow to the ankle.
Doctors sometimes recommend drug therapy for patients with certain types of hepatitis.
Doctors sometimes recommend inpatient treatment, but most people do well in outpatient settings.
Doctors sometimes recommend that parents keep a calendar which lists a child's symptoms.
Doctors sometimes refer to corticosteroids as steroids.
Doctors sometimes suggest a daily intake between several hundred micrograms and one milligram.
Doctors sometimes treat patients with anal cancers by surgically removing the tumorous tissues.
Doctors sometimes use caffeine as a medicine .
Doctors sometimes use caffeine as a medicine.
Doctors sometimes use it to enforce their position of power and authority over the patient.
Doctors sometimes use minor tranquillisers.
Doctors usually advise getting plenty of rest while also staying active during treatment.
Doctors usually ask if a person has any known drug allergies before prescribing a new drug.
Doctors usually block pain with aspirin or non steroidals such as ibuprofin.
Doctors usually complete the process in two year full time equivalent.
Doctors usually define infertility as the inability to conceive after at least one year of trying.
Doctors usually diagnose nasal polyps based on their characteristic appearance.
Doctors usually diagnose psoriasis after a careful examination of the skin.
Doctors usually diagnose the sexually transmitted disease based on what they see.
Doctors usually explain that as people get older, their risk for heart attacks increases.
Doctors usually give immunizations against diseases such as measles to prevent infection.
Doctors usually give people with different symptoms different diagnoses.
Doctors usually have to do surgery to find out.
Doctors usually perform no tests fol-lowing a first miscarriage that occurs in the first trimester.
Doctors usually prescribe antibiotics to cure UTIs and they tend to take effect very quickly.
Doctors usually prescribe antibiotics to deal with the infection.
Doctors usually prescribe antidepressants as well.
Doctors usually prescribe special eye drops that reduce intraocular pressure.
Doctors usually prescribe ways to manage the symptoms and improve the patient's quality of life.
Doctors usually provide medical orders or treatment plans.
Doctors usually recommend a biophysical profile during the third trimester of high-risk pregnancies.
Doctors usually recommend antibiotics.
Doctors usually recommend being on medication for at least six months.
Doctors usually recommend increased bed rest also.
Doctors usually recommend smaller, more frequent meals.
Doctors usually recommend supplements.
Doctors usually recommend waiting three to four cycles before trying again.
Doctors usually rely on specific criteria for diagnosing someone with bulimia or anorexia.
Doctors usually remove all polyps, just in case.
Doctors usually see such trauma in people who introduce any foreign object into their rectum.
Doctors usually start by prescribing conservative treatments.
Doctors usually start people off with larger-dose patches which deliver more nicotine.
Doctors usually start with a low dose and slowly increase it.
Doctors usually treat depression in two stages.
Doctors usually treat glioblastomas with surgery followed by radiation therapy.
Doctors usually treat heart failure with diuretics to reduce fluids and ease symptoms.
Doctors usually treat it with a special cream or shampoo to help calm the itching and swelling.
Doctors usually treat seizure disorders with medication.
Doctors usually use blood tests to determine the cause of the abnormality.
Doctors usually use one of two tools.
Doctors usually use the term abortion instead of miscarriage.
All Doctors are counsellors at one level or another.
All doctors are currently women.
All doctors are fearful of errors because so much rides on our judgment.
All doctors are greedheads.
All doctors are in favor of animal experiments.
All doctors are inherently evil people who are just out for money.
All doctors can do is lower the fever and ease the pressure on the brain and spinal cord.
All doctors can do is provide fluids to restore the lost blood.
All doctors enter hospital medicine directly after qualifying.
All doctors have a responsibility to their patients to be well informed about sexual health.
All doctors have a responsibility to their patients, the hospitals, and other doctors.
All doctors have general medical training, and all pediatricians are trained in adolescent medicine.
All doctors have patients that discontinue care.
All doctors have their own ideas as to how to treat a patient.
All doctors have to be proficient writers to become doctors.
All doctors is also no good.
All doctors look good on paper, but it's performance that counts.
All doctors make errors.
All doctors receive continuing education on the body's response to injury, illness and pain.
All doctors speak either English or French.
All doctors speak English.
Any doctor can advertise and provide cosmetic surgery services.
Any doctor can assume the role of a primary care physician and many specialist, do.
Any doctor can currently choose to practise homeopathy without a single qualification in it.
Any doctor can test for albuminuria.
Any doctor can test for microalbuminuria.
Any doctor can try it today, with a little training, and in most cases with little direct risk.
Any doctor entering undergraduate general practice teaching does so on a self-motivating basis.
Any doctor has trouble trying to find elusive ailments.
Any doctor taking on a new patient likes to review records to develop a patients case history.
Every doctor agrees that sun exposure boosts the risk of skin cancer.
Every doctor has a different choice.
Every doctor has a right to refuse to cooperate if a patient asks for help to die.
Every doctor has access to the fee schedule.
Every doctor has different financial perspectives, tolerances, and goals.
Every doctor has one.
Every doctor is assisted by a senior nurse during clinic time.
Every doctor is in their own little world.
Every doctor is licensed to practice in Florida.
Every doctor is supposed to protect life.
Every doctor knows about that double effect.
Every doctor knows patients whose chronic conditions are made worse by unhealed resentment inside.
Every doctor knows that a gagging patient is a sick patient.
Every doctor knows that non-pharmacological methods are preferable to the hazards of drug therapy.
Every doctor knows that selecting the right dose is a tricky balancing act.
Every doctor knows the critical importance of a dedicated and well-trained staff.
Every doctor knows their role and their limitations.
Every doctor knows what that is in the womb.
Every doctor ought to think a little, once in a while.
Every doctor wants money, and most make plenty of it.
Every doctor wants to get rid of dizzy people.
Many doctors accept several methods of payment, including checks, cash and credit cards.
Many doctors admit that finding the cause of and treating chronic pain is a major challenge.
Many doctors admit that they have too little time to communicate properly with their patients.
Many doctors advise swabbing the area with alcohol several times a day to keep it dry and clean.
Many doctors advise their patients to self-report.
Many doctors agree postpartum depression is underdiagnosed, but it is becoming more recognized.
Many doctors agree that food is essential to healing.
Many doctors agree that migraines do seem to be hereditary, running in families.
Many doctors agree.
Many doctors already incorporate spirituality into their practices.
Many doctors already refuse to serve clients who disagree with their dogma.
Many doctors also carry inhalers that they can give to patients.
Many doctors also prescribe drugs called vestibular suppressants.
Many doctors also prescribe hormone replacement therapy to reduce a woman's risk of heart disease.
Many doctors also recommend prophylactic antibiotics.
Many doctors also think they already know the cause of death.
Many doctors also use pacemaker clinics to monitor their patients.
Many doctors also worry about the long-term effects of immune suppression with such medication.
Many doctors appreciate informed patients.
Many doctors are also uncomfortable talking about money to their patients.
Many doctors are available on various bulletin boards for online questions.
Many doctors are board-certified in more than one specialty.
Many doctors are concerned about giving patients allergy shots.
Many doctors are dubious.
Many doctors are hesitant to suggest the existence of parasites, because they are so hard to detect.
Many doctors are highly motivated and are attracted to climbing.
Many doctors are ignorant about the condition as well, it states.
Many doctors are in the same situation.
Many doctors are interested on how they can receive copies of chiropractic and medical articles.
Many doctors are likely to hold it in reserve.
Many doctors are married to former patients.
Many doctors are reluctant because of the recent attacks on doctors who provide abortions.
Many doctors are reluctant to cancel unless all indications are terrible.
Many doctors are reluctant to prescribe drugs during pregnancy.
Many doctors are scared to perform abortions.
Many doctors are skeptical.
Many doctors are slow to take pain seriously.
Many doctors are specialists for specific types of illnesses or specific types of people.
Many doctors are still highly focused, competent, and motivated.
Many doctors are still skeptical.
Many doctors are surprisingly open to options that their patients suggest.
Many doctors are sympathetic to that position.
Many doctors are uncomfortable, even embarrassed, treating dying patients.
Many doctors are unfamiliar with how to treat brain injuries.
Many doctors are unwilling to operate on blind eyes because of the lack of visual benefits.
Many doctors are unwilling to participate in any way.
Many doctors avoid managed care in whatever way they can.
Many doctors become board certified in a specialty.
Many doctors begin newly diagnosed hypertensive patients with diuretics or beta blockers.
Many doctors believe a Cesarean section is still the safest method of delivering a breech baby.
Many doctors believe cloning is an advancement to help save more people's lives.
Many doctors believe it to be the most potent antioxidant available anywhere.
Many doctors believe that good health is a matter of genes, luck and lifestyle.
Many doctors believe that steroids can lead to heart attacks and even strokes.
Many doctors believe that stress has a role in almost any disorder.
Many doctors believe the benefits of hormone replacement therapy far outweigh the risks.
Many doctors believe the danger lies in taking out large amounts of fat at one time.
Many doctors call their patients back at night or the next day.
Many doctors can and do reduce their fees for patients who face problems with regard to payments.
Many doctors can gain valuable experience by working in rural Africa.
Many doctors challenge such finding, arguing that it's better to make a mistake on the safe side.
Many doctors charge a fee to complete the form.
Many doctors choose to inseminate two days in a row.
Many doctors cite the large military presence, which makes the population more transient.
Many doctors combine grafts with tissue expansion.
Many doctors consider exercise and brisk walk as the most important factors for survival.
Many Doctors consider it a worthless, useless, surplus piece of dermis.
Many doctors consider serious burns to be the most painful category of injury.
Many doctors contend repetitive visits by surveyors are disruptive to care.
Many doctors contract out their services with several managed care plans.
Many doctors disagree.
Many doctors discourage the use of baby walkers.
Many doctors discourage their patients from exploring other options.
Many doctors do both.
Many doctors do the test without X-rays.
Many doctors do use both agents together.
Many doctors do, too, according to experts.
Many doctors do.
Many doctors doubt their therapeutic effects.
Many doctors fail to consider the possibility of alcohol dependence or tend to overlook it.
Many doctors fail to counsel smokers.
Many doctors fail to reach their full potential because they have a mindset of fear and uncertainty.
Many doctors falsify insurance data to help patients get care, survey finds.
Many doctors feel caught in the middle.
Many doctors feel it's the cure for the common cold.
Many doctors feel more comfortable sending patient records to another doctor.
Many doctors feel that misleading advertisements are to blame for the violation of patients' trust.
Many doctors feel that prevention is the only way to fight back.
Many doctors feel that reporters tend to sensationalise and trivialise complex medical issues.
Many doctors feel that there are no other reasonable options.
Many doctors feel uncomfortable and intolerant of ambiguity.
Many doctors feel uncomfortable learning nutrition from sales representatives.
Many doctors feel vindicated.
Many doctors find the easiest approach is to write a prescription.
Many doctors flinch at using controlled substances because of the nation's harsh antidrug laws.
Many doctors get confused about it.
Many doctors have a list of local genetic counselors they work with.
Many doctors have evening hours to accommodate their patients.
Many doctors have huge debts after finishing training and are too intent on making money.
Many doctors have little love for HMOs for a variety of reasons.
Many doctors have no clue as to how difficult it is to put in drops.
Many doctors have the forms available at their office.
Many doctors have ties to the parmanazis and to prosecutors.
Many doctors incorrectly think that lumpectomy is more risky than removing the breast.
Many doctors just use magnesium alone.
Many doctors know how to cut it off, but they have no knowledge of what the foreskin is.
Many doctors like to intimidate people with their sense of self-importance.
Many doctors live lives in which fun is conspicuously absent.
Many doctors look back at their medical education and wonder how they made it through.
Many doctors lump it in with colic, but it is treatable with medications.
Many doctors make claims in print everyday that they can cure people.
Many doctors make mistakes when it comes to spelling.
Many doctors mistakenly focus only on what hurts and fail to stop the cause of the pain.
Many doctors never ask patients if urine leakage is starting to change their life styles.
Many doctors never deliver or participate in the delivery of triplets in their medical careers.
Many doctors notify patients of their examination results in writing or by telephone.
Many doctors now agree that the most effective treatment for most back problems is exercise.
Many doctors now keep their offices open after hours or on weekends for urgent problems.
Many doctors now offer patients the option of paying an annual fee to cover all noninsured services.
Many doctors now prescribe yoga for patients suffering from heart disease, arthritis, or diabetes.
Many doctors now recommend regular use of a test that measures how much fat is in the blood.
Many doctors now suggest the usage of tanning beds to patients with psoriasis or arthritis.
Many doctors observe that it seems to run in families.
Many doctors offer herbs and acupuncture even for acute and severe cases.
Many doctors offer liposuction, but only a few really focus on it.
Many doctors only treat the carpal tunnel symptoms.
Many doctors oppose the switch.
Many doctors order a second ultrasound two or three days after the first.
Many doctors perform the ultrasound test in their office.
Many doctors plan to bring in more patients to raise revenues.
Many doctors point to completely normal blood values, some pathological values normalised.
Many doctors practice within the managed care system.
Many doctors practising today have no knowledge of polio.
Many doctors prefer that food intake be avoided at least eight hours prior to surgery.
Many doctors prefer the second route.
Many doctors prefer to do a biopsy under direct endoscopy, however.
Many doctors prefer to treat thrush with creams, or lozenges that dissolve in the mouth.
Many doctors prefer to use both tests to increase the chance of an accurate diagnosis.
Many doctors prefer to use local treatment first.
Many doctors prefer to use more than one test to increase the chance of an accurate diagnosis.
Many doctors prescribe air purifiers as the first defense against pollution and poor air quality.
Many doctors prescribe antibiotics in hope of providing some relief.
Many doctors prescribe anti-inflammatory drugs.
Many doctors prescribe brandname drugs rather than cheaper equivalent generic versions.
Many doctors prescribe diet pills simply because of relentless patient demand.
Many doctors prescribe drugs on an 'unlicensed' basis.
Many doctors prescribe hot water baseboard heating to patients with asthma.
Many doctors prescribe pentoxifylline to improve blood flow to the extremities.
Many doctors prescribe spas for patients with arthritis and similar conditions.
Many doctors prescribe strengthening and flexibility exercises to reduce back pain.
Many doctors prescribe warm water therapy for a variety of ailments, injuries, and pain.
Many doctors produce unreadable, novella-length scrawls.
Many doctors provide a bare minimum of decent care through gallant effort alone.
Many doctors recommend a daily multivitamin.
Many doctors recommend aerobic exercise, like walking, jogging, aerobic dancing and bicycling.
Many doctors recommend an aspirin a day to prevent blood clotting.
Many doctors recommend at least two hours between taking iron and the thyroid hormone.
Many doctors recommend at least two to four hours between taking iron and the thyroid hormone.
Many doctors recommend avoiding high-impact activities, such as basketball, jogging, and tennis.
Many doctors recommend B vitamins for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Many doctors recommend combining the two types of therapy.
Many doctors recommend Dove Scent Free for Sensitive Skin.
Many doctors recommend frequent walks to reduce tension and stress.
Many doctors recommend gentle exercise and stretching to prevent minor back problems.
Many doctors recommend giving a teething baby a bagel to chew on.
Many doctors recommend low-fat products, but virtually all dairy is rich in the mineral.
Many doctors recommend rubbing alcohol as an important ingredient.
Many doctors recommend rubbing alcohol as part of the mixture.
Many doctors recommend starting with rice cereal.
Many doctors recommend surgery because it solves the problem and is relatively simple.
Many doctors recommend waiting five to six weeks before resuming sexual intercourse.
Many doctors recommend walking as a safe and easy way to stay active.
Many doctors refer patients to chiropractors with confidence and satisfaction.
Many doctors refuse to respond to unencrypted e-mail.
Many doctors refuse to vaccinated their own children.
Many doctors regard fibromyalgia as a pain perception disorder.
Many doctors regard the mixture of church and science as taboo as integrating church and state.
Many doctors remove the foreskin at birth for hygienic reasons.
Many doctors report seeing results when they prescribe skin-healthy diets.
Many doctors requests local chapters to be added to their list.
Many doctors routinely prescribe iron tablets for pregnant women.
Many doctors say more research is needed.
Many doctors say statin drugs have revolutionized patient care.
Many doctors say that a healthy limit is two drinks a day for men and one drink a day for women.
Many doctors say their frustration with health insurance companies goes far beyond money.
Many doctors say they have no idea how to get into a managed care plan.
Many doctors see patients infecting their partners.
Many doctors speak English.
Many doctors spend only a few mintues with their patients on each visit.
Many doctors stop by to ask questions or share information.
Many doctors stop short of prescribing massage to help babies grow or reduce their stress.
Many doctors suggest eating a half pound of fish each week to help prevent heart disease.
Many doctors suggest keeping a daily journal to help identify migraine triggers.
Many doctors suggest only using Prednisone for a short period of time.
Many doctors suggest that parents keep a record of their children's important health facts handy.
Many doctors support the ban, but they are accused of protecting their turf.
Many doctors surround the bedside of the Oslo Accords and proffer their learned opinions.
Many doctors swear by the positive results of being able to enjoy a good laugh.
Many doctors take varions method, for carico-omo brachial syndrome.
Many doctors tell patients that their back pain is all in their heads.
Many doctors tell patients that their symptoms are all in their heads.
Many doctors tend to consider the clinical part of the practice as separate from the rest.
Many doctors test every pregnant woman for diabetes, usually around the end of the second trimester.
Many doctors test for diabetes only in women with risk factors.
Many doctors test programs on a small scale initially, before committing more resources and time.
Many doctors testify that there is no such thing, in anyone, except diabetics.
Many doctors then see their patient about a month to six weeks later.
Many doctors therefore advise women to undergo periodic urine testing during pregnancy.
Many doctors think depression is the illness that underlies the majority of suicides in our country.
Many doctors think it's useless.
Many doctors think much too much has been made of either close or remote contact with smoky air.
Many doctors think of it as only an adult disease.
Many doctors think peritoneal dialysis a better treatment than hemodialysis.
Many Doctors think so.
Many doctors think such an injury simply calls attention to a tumor that was already growing.
Many doctors think that colic is due to the baby's own temperament.
Many doctors think the Pill works best to prevent pregnancy.
Many doctors treat erectile dysfunction with a penis pump.
Many doctors treat patients in private hospitals.
Many doctors treat problems with breast implants as hopeless - or imaginary.
Many doctors treating patients hooked on cigarettes agree.
Many doctors use computerized medical records.
Many doctors use it in diagnostic work.
Many doctors use pre-written templates for letters discussing common operations.
Many doctors when confronted with illness look for disease.
More doctors is a good idea.
Most doctors accept several methods of payment, including checks, cash and credit cards.
Most doctors accept several methods of payment, including checks, cash.
Most doctors accept the ineffectiveness of chemo for advanced cancers.
Most doctors access information.
Most doctors acquire problems.
Most doctors administer tests.
Most doctors advise against overexposure to the sun.
Most doctors advise patients.
Most doctors advise people to stay away from liver because it's so high in cholesterol.
Most doctors advise pregnant women.
Most doctors advise their patients to stick with the drug treatments, despite the side effects.
Most doctors advise to never have any more children.
Most doctors advise women.
Most doctors agree drug costs are still on the rise.
Most doctors agree that drinking plenty of water helps prevent kidney stones.
Most doctors agree that it is ineffective and dangerous.
Most doctors agree the procedure has no medical merit.
Most doctors also prescribe daily vitamin supplements for children with sickle cell anemia.
Most doctors also take out some of the lymph nodes under the arm.
Most doctors apply tests.
Most doctors appreciate a well-informed patient.
Most doctors are afraid of birth.
Most doctors are competent and trustworthy.
Most doctors are desperately underpaid and their private practices often struggle.
Most doctors are English-speaking.
Most doctors are evil for wanting to administer blood transfusions.
Most doctors are generally pleased to discuss fees and other financial arrangements.
Most doctors are instinctively wary of asking their patients about guns in their homes.
Most doctors are on their guard when a product is detailed by a drug company representative.
Most doctors are open minded and willing to learn.
Most doctors are opposed to euthanasia.
Most Doctors are paid and educated by the drug companies.
Most doctors are pleased to see their patients' reliance on drugs of any kind reduced or diminished.
Most doctors are reluctant to testify against a colleague in a malpractice case.
Most doctors are smart enough to get a second opinion on difficult cases.
Most doctors are too clinical, unattached sort of.
Most doctors are too decent and humane to kill people for money even by poisonous injection.
Most doctors are unaware of the differences between synthetic and whole-food based vitamins.
Most doctors are uncomfortable with the legal process, with lawyers, and with the courtroom.
Most doctors are under the impression that patients are being adequately treated.
Most doctors are unwilling to show the files.
Most doctors are very busy.
Most doctors ask for samples.
Most doctors ask for urine samples.
Most doctors ask patients.
Most doctors ask people.
Most doctors ask samples.
Most doctors ask urine samples.
Most doctors assess individual situations.
Most doctors assess situations.
Most doctors assess symptoms.
Most doctors attribute heart disease to high cholesterol levels.
Most doctors avoid prescribing sleeping pills for periods longer than three weeks.
Most doctors begin by recommending a combination of medicine plus exercise and rest.
Most doctors begin hand surgery.
Most doctors begin surgery.
Most doctors believe it's safe to bathe throughout pregnancy.
Most doctors believe that eczema is caused by food allergies, cow s milk in particular.
Most doctors bring care.
Most doctors call it useless.
Most doctors call the disease multi-factorial academic jargon to describe numerous causes.
Most doctors can diagnose it ast a glance.
Most doctors can give their patients influenza vaccines.
Most doctors care about patients.
Most doctors care for women.
Most doctors catch illnesses.
Most doctors change treatments.
Most doctors charge more to deliver a baby by cesarean section.
Most doctors check height.
Most doctors check levels.
Most doctors check potassium levels.
Most doctors claim that they accept favors from drug companies without any preconditions.
Most doctors come into contact.
Most doctors come out of showers.
Most doctors complain of fatigue.
Most doctors complete procedures.
Most doctors conduct developmental screens.
Most doctors conduct examinations.
Most doctors conduct physical examinations.
Most doctors conduct screens.
Most doctors conduct tests.
Most doctors consider breast feeding to be safe.
Most doctors consider invasive treatments.
Most doctors consider medical problems.
Most doctors consider medicine.
Most doctors consider prescribe medicine.
Most doctors consider prescribe such medicine.
Most doctors consider problems.
Most doctors consider that a conservative approach is best.
Most doctors consider treatments.
Most doctors create dependency.
Most doctors deliver babies.
Most doctors describe types.
Most doctors determine care.
Most doctors determine conditions.
Most doctors determine discharge.
Most doctors determine growth patterns.
Most doctors determine metabolic conditions.
Most doctors determine overall patterns.
Most doctors determine patterns.
Most doctors determine problems.
Most doctors determine results.
Most doctors determine schedules.
Most doctors determine tests.
Most doctors diagnose blockage.
Most doctors diagnose conditions.
Most doctors diagnose with ailment.
Most doctors diagnose with mysterious ailment.
Most doctors discover brain injuries.
Most doctors discover cancer causes.
Most doctors discover causes.
Most doctors discover head injuries.
Most doctors discover injuries.
Most doctors discover internal injuries.
Most doctors discover power.
Most doctors discover serious brain injuries.
Most doctors discover serious injuries.
Most doctors discover serious internal injuries.
Most doctors discover ways.
Most doctors discuss cases.
Most doctors discuss results.
Most doctors discuss symptoms.
Most doctors discuss types.
Most doctors do injections.
Most doctors do tests.
Most doctors do want to communicate well with patients.
Most doctors doing hair transplants are either dermatologists or plastic surgeons.
Most doctors educate patients.
Most doctors emphasize attributes.
Most doctors employ a knowledgeable staff to help perform tests and answer questions.
Most doctors encourage continued outside activities and sports.
Most doctors encourage it.
Most doctors encourage patients to conduct some research of their own.
Most doctors estimate chances.
Most doctors estimate types.
Most doctors evaluate levels.
Most doctors evaluate results.
Most doctors evaluate symptoms.
Most doctors examine girls.
Most doctors examine people.
Most doctors examine samples.
Most doctors examine skin.
Most doctors examine stool samples.
Most doctors exhibit a visceral reaction when the medical director shows up.
Most doctors expect pregnant women.
Most doctors expect women.
Most doctors explain benefits.
Most doctors explain details.
Most doctors explain procedures.
Most doctors explain results.
Most doctors explain test results.
Most doctors explain twins.
Most doctors explain use.
Most doctors feel conditions.
Most doctors feel severe conditions.
Most doctors feel that taking thyroid hormone on an empty stomach allows for maximum absorption.
Most doctors feel trapped by managed care and are looking for solutions.
Most doctors find adult female worms.
Most doctors find adult worms.
Most doctors find blood.
Most doctors find causes.
Most doctors find evidence.
Most doctors find female worms.
Most doctors find problems.
Most doctors find that the couple benefits more if they work together to seek treatment.
Most doctors find worms.
Most doctors focus on use.
Most doctors gain insight.
Most doctors get consent.
Most doctors get out of cars.
Most doctors get results.
Most doctors get their first experience of using forceps in an actual infant delivery.
Most doctors give accurate diagnoses.
Most doctors give approval.
Most doctors give diagnoses.
Most doctors give medicine.
Most doctors give pain medicine.
Most doctors give prescriptions.
Most doctors give recommendations.
Most doctors give therapy.
Most doctors give treatments.
Most doctors go into medicine, on some level, to help others.
Most doctors have almost completely illegible handwriting when it comes to writing prescriptions.
Most doctors have at best little knowledge of alternatives and at worst are antagonistic.
Most doctors have books.
Most doctors have contact.
Most doctors have correct diagnoses.
Most doctors have degrees.
Most doctors have diagnoses.
Most doctors have diets.
Most doctors have different theories.
Most doctors have doctors.
Most doctors have elimination diets.
Most doctors have equipment.
Most doctors have experience.
Most doctors have feelings.
Most doctors have high fees to be compensated for their credentials and years of schooling.
Most doctors have ideas.
Most doctors have intentions.
Most doctors have lifespans.
Most doctors have long workdays and family obligations.
Most doctors have medical equipment.
Most doctors have moral responsibility.
Most doctors have problems.
Most doctors have proof.
Most doctors have proper equipment.
Most doctors have recommendations.
Most doctors have responsibility.
Most doctors have results.
Most doctors have sexual contact.
Most doctors have similar software and do their own billing.
Most doctors have specific times set aside to return patients' phone calls.
Most doctors have strong feelings.
Most doctors have the necessary skill to remove small portions of the turbinate without doing harm.
Most doctors have theories.
Most doctors have trouble expressing themselves verbally, let alone on paper.
Most doctors have weakness.
Most doctors help care.
Most doctors help effective treatments.
Most doctors help local resources.
Most doctors help progress.
Most doctors help resources.
Most doctors help treatments.
Most doctors inform patients.
Most doctors inject vaccines.
Most doctors investigate health.
Most doctors investigate treatments.
Most doctors involve tests.
Most doctors involve urine tests.
Most doctors issue statements.
Most doctors join every third-party plan that comes their way.
Most doctors join to maintain or increase their patient base.
Most doctors keep slots in their schedules for emergencies.
Most doctors know a colleague who has fallen in love with and perhaps even married a former patient.
Most doctors know about allergies.
Most doctors know health problems.
Most doctors know little about magnetic therapy or dismiss it as quackery.
Most doctors know problems.
Most doctors know products.
Most doctors lack experience in diagnosing and treating cyclospora, if they have ever heard of it.
Most doctors lead an extremely stressful life, and it is some time before the benefits unfold.
Most doctors learn about growth.
Most doctors lease their office space from a landlord.
Most doctors leave rooms.
Most doctors like to limit the amount of toxin injected at one time.
Most doctors look at tissue.
Most doctors look for green or yellow mucus as a cause, but there is none.
Most doctors lose companions.
Most doctors make accurate diagnoses.
Most doctors make arrangements.
Most doctors make calls.
Most doctors make correct diagnoses.
Most doctors make diagnoses.
Most doctors make judgment calls.
Most doctors make the final decision to discharge patients in the morning.
Most doctors make time.
Most doctors measure weight.
Most doctors mix all three drugs together.
Most doctors monitor conditions.
Most doctors monitor cysts.
Most doctors monitor health.
Most doctors monitor levels.
Most doctors monitor potassium levels.
Most doctors monitor therapy.
Most doctors monitor treatments.
Most doctors note that any protection from UV-A rays is good.
Most doctors now provide pain relief to their patients after surgery, by numbing nerve receptors.
Most doctors obtain consent.
Most doctors obtain images.
Most doctors obtain magnetic resonance images.
Most doctors obtain resonance images.
Most doctors obtain samples.
Most doctors offer alternative treatments.
Most doctors offer nutrition tips.
Most doctors offer tips.
Most doctors offer treatments.
Most doctors order images.
Most doctors order magnetic resonance images.
Most doctors order resonance images.
Most doctors participate in experimentation.
Most doctors participate in human experimentation.
Most doctors perform examinations.
Most doctors perform initial examinations.
Most doctors perform internal examinations.
Most doctors perform lung function tests.
Most doctors perform only a few abortions, typically about one per week.
Most doctors perform operations.
Most doctors perform physical examinations.
Most doctors perform skin tests.
Most doctors perform surgery.
Most doctors perform tests.
Most doctors perform their task well.
Most doctors practice medicine.
Most doctors prefer that their patients stop smoking for several weeks before surgery.
Most doctors prefer to reserve IUDs for women who have already had a baby.
Most doctors prefer to start off using eye drops and nasal sprays.
Most doctors prescribe antibiotic medicine.
Most doctors prescribe corticosteroids only for children who suffer two or more attacks a week.
Most doctors prescribe cream.
Most doctors prescribe diets.
Most doctors prescribe effective treatments.
Most doctors prescribe medicine.
Most doctors prescribe stimulation tests.
Most doctors prescribe tests.
Most doctors prescribe treatments.
Most doctors provide advice.
Most doctors provide assistance.
Most doctors provide care.
Most doctors provide diagnosis treatments.
Most doctors provide explanations.
Most doctors provide information.
Most doctors provide more information.
Most doctors provide tests.
Most doctors provide tips.
Most doctors provide treatments.
Most doctors raise concern.
Most doctors receive education.
Most doctors recognize causes.
Most doctors recognize symptoms.
Most doctors recommend a prenatal vitamin supplement.
Most doctors recommend at least eight to insure good health.
Most doctors recommend breakfasts.
Most doctors recommend chickenpox vaccine for almost all children.
Most doctors recommend chickenpox vaccine for almost all young children.
Most doctors recommend delaying pregnancy until more than one year after transplantation.
Most doctors recommend diets.
Most doctors recommend everyone drink eight eight ounce glasses of water a day.
Most doctors recommend exercise for their patients.
Most doctors recommend free diets.
Most doctors recommend good nutrition.
Most doctors recommend hi-tops which can cut down on ankle injuries.
Most doctors recommend invasive tests.
Most doctors recommend iron-fortified formula.
Most doctors recommend it be taken in conjunction with inhaled steroids.
Most doctors recommend letting babies sleep on their backs.
Most doctors recommend lifelong treatments.
Most doctors recommend liquid diets.
Most doctors recommend lose weight.
Most doctors recommend morning dosing in keeping with the body's natural pattern.
Most doctors recommend nothing.
Most doctors recommend nourish breakfasts.
Most doctors recommend nutrition.
Most doctors recommend nutritious diets.
Most doctors recommend persons taking tetracycline supplement probiotics.
Most doctors recommend pressure.
Most doctors recommend products.
Most doctors recommend proteins.
Most doctors recommend radioactive iodine.
Most doctors recommend schedules.
Most doctors recommend screens.
Most doctors recommend shot.
Most doctors recommend surgery.
Most doctors recommend tests.
Most doctors recommend that almost all young children be vaccinated against polio.
Most doctors recommend that pregnant women limit caffeine consumption .
Most doctors recommend that women avoid having blood drawn from the affected arm.
Most doctors recommend treatments.
Most doctors recommend types.
Most doctors recommend using the arm cuff devices.
Most doctors recommend vaccination for anyone who is at risk.
Most doctors recommend vaccine schedules.
Most doctors recommend vaccines.
Most doctors recommend vitamins.
Most doctors recommend weight.
Most doctors recommend yearly tests.
Most doctors refer to a range of specialists they use regularly and have close contact with.
Most doctors report cases.
Most doctors report pneumonia.
Most doctors request tests.
Most doctors require full payment in advance of the operation.
Most doctors review information.
Most doctors run blood tests.
Most doctors run hospitals.
Most doctors run tests.
Most doctors save life.
Most doctors save time.
Most doctors say that it is unrelated.
Most doctors say that oxycontin is safe and effective when used correctly.
Most doctors say the condition affects overall vision.
Most doctors say the scans have little value.
Most doctors say the Web helps patients find the latest in treatment possibilities.
Most doctors say they've advised patients to seek religious counsel.
Most doctors see cancer tumor characteristics.
Most doctors see cases.
Most doctors see characteristics.
Most doctors see patients.
Most doctors see problems.
Most doctors seek methods.
Most doctors send specimens.
Most doctors shake hands.
Most doctors shake heads.
Most doctors show interest.
Most doctors show patients.
Most doctors shy away from the use of the word because it seems to imply a type of deception.
Most doctors sign contracts with many types of health plans.
Most doctors sign employment contracts without benefit of legal counsel.
Most doctors speak English there and they have all specialties.
Most doctors speak English.
Most doctors speak some English.
Most doctors specialize in approaches.
Most doctors specialize in care.
Most doctors specialize in diagnosis treatments.
Most doctors specialize in issues.
Most doctors specialize in problems.
Most doctors specialize in treatments.
Most doctors specialize in types.
Most doctors spend a minute or two on the cardiac physical exam.
Most doctors still consider immunotherapy an experimental treatment.
Most doctors still don t believe that obesity has a genetic basis.
Most doctors still think it is a rare disorder.
Most doctors study medicine.
Most doctors suggest breakfasts.
Most doctors suggest diets.
Most doctors suggest diseases.
Most doctors suggest food.
Most doctors suggest good meals.
Most doctors suggest meals.
Most doctors suggest medicine.
Most doctors suggest methods.
Most doctors suggest nourish breakfasts.
Most doctors suggest procedures.
Most doctors suggest rest, decreasing activity and avoiding intercourse when bleeding occurs.
Most doctors suggest tests.
Most doctors suggest that drinking plenty of water helps cleanse the urinary tract of bacteria.
Most doctors suggest treatments.
Most doctors take blood samples.
Most doctors take care.
Most doctors take charge.
Most doctors take moisten swabs.
Most doctors take samples.
Most doctors take small blood samples.
Most doctors take small samples.
Most doctors take swabs.
Most doctors take the opposite position and present the worst case scenario.
Most doctors take time.
Most doctors take urine samples.
Most doctors tell benefits.
Most doctors test blood.
Most doctors test potassium levels.
Most doctors test reaction.
Most doctors think in terms of antiseptic gauze.
Most doctors treat babies.
Most doctors treat conditions.
Most doctors treat diseases.
Most doctors treat kidney problems.
Most doctors treat muscular diseases.
Most doctors treat nerve problems.
Most doctors treat pain.
Most doctors treat patients.
Most doctors treat premature babies.
Most doctors treat problems.
Most doctors treat surgical patients.
Most doctors treat urinary tract infections with antibiotics, which usually work just fine.
Most doctors treat wounds.
Most Doctors underestimate what children can do though.
Most doctors understand and so do most schools.
Most doctors use a small saw with a dull blade that vibrates the cast enough to break it apart.
Most doctors use a soft, flexible tube that is less than half an inch in diameter.
Most doctors use coconut water.
Most doctors use devices.
Most doctors use electric needles.
Most doctors use hands.
Most doctors use information.
Most doctors use kits.
Most doctors use methods.
Most doctors use needles.
Most doctors use optical devices.
Most doctors use ovulation kits.
Most doctors use results.
Most doctors use several methods, including medical history, a physical exam, x-rays, or lab tests.
Most doctors use several methods.
Most doctors use stethoscopes.
Most doctors use stitches and sometimes dissolvable stitches are used.
Most doctors use surgery as the last resort.
Most doctors use tests.
Most doctors use the techniques shown to be most effective.
Most doctors use the terms dermatitis and eczema to describe the same thing.
Most doctors use treatments.
Most doctors use values.
Most doctors use water.
Most doctors utilize their own experience with patients to help decide what treatment to recommend.
Most doctors vaccinate the unwitting and uninformed.
Most doctors wait another one to two weeks before considering a pregnancy overdue.
Most doctors wash hands.
Most doctors welcome the scrutiny as a type of quality control.
Most doctors willingly hand over the information, but some steadfastly refuse.
Most doctors work in fields.
Most doctors work in the public service and have their private clinic in the afternoon and evening.
Most doctors work -up urgency and frequency in the female by the referenced algorithm.
Most doctors work very long, hard hours, with many committees and much paperwork.
Most doctors worry about the bacteria.
Most doctors write in capital letters.
Most doctors write in letters.
Most doctors write prescriptions.
Some doctor says that Malaria is a cure.
Some doctors actually believe that firearms are dangerous like an open jar of smallpox bacillus.
Some doctors add antibiotics directly to the cement used to fix the replacement joint in place.
Some doctors add vitamin E to their gout-relieving prescriptions.
Some doctors advise against treatment as long as symptoms are minimal.
Some doctors advise parents to give the child mild painkillers such as paracetamol or ibuprofen.
Some doctors advocate also removing the surrounding lymph nodes.
Some doctors agree.
Some doctors allow their patients to recover bandage-free.
Some doctors already agree.
Some doctors already use similar but experimental tests to assess elderly patients' limitations.
Some doctors also advise following safer sex practices.
Some doctors also believe that too much time in a walker can slow a baby's muscle development.
Some doctors also look for cancers with barium enemas.
Some doctors also measure carbon dioxide in the blood or exhaled air.
Some doctors also participate in the list.
Some doctors also prescribe other drugs in the same chemical class, also approved to treat anxiety.
Some doctors also recommend fish oil, which helps fight inflammation.
Some doctors also recommend hormone replacement therapy similar to that given to women at menopause.
Some doctors also recommend pulling on the nipple and rolling it between the thumb and index finger.
Some doctors also recommend that patients take extra folic acid, a vitamin.
Some doctors also recommend wrist guards.
Some doctors also supplement their incomes with part-time jobs outside of their profession.
Some doctors also support the drug's introduction.
Some doctors also use fluconazole to treat other opportunistic infections caused by fungus.
Some doctors also use medications that are injected into the muscle, such as phenol or botox.
Some doctors also use nutrition and supplements.
Some doctors also use software to help design the lenses.
Some doctors also use surgery to test for osteonecrosis.
Some doctors analyze activities.
Some doctors are afraid of being flooded with more e-mail than they can answer.
Some doctors are already superb listeners.
Some doctors are as embarrassed about incontinence as are their patients.
Some doctors are as embarrassed about incontinence as their patients are.
Some doctors are better at certain procedures than others.
Some doctors are better at detecting depression than others.
Some doctors are better than others about encouraging their patients to have colon screening.
Some doctors are close to coming up with a laser treatment.
Some doctors are concerned that their 'natural' label gives a false sense of confidence.
Some doctors are D.O.s and some are M.D.s.
Some doctors are hopeful about the outcome.
Some doctors are leery as well.
Some doctors are like that.
Some doctors are more conservative and others more aggressive.
Some doctors are more optimistic than others in their outlook for PWAs.
Some doctors are more ready to comply with local laws than others.
Some doctors are purists and only do one way.
Some doctors are reluctant to perform the exams for fear of being called in to testify in court.
Some doctors are reluctant to prescribe large enough doses or stronger narcotics for pain control.
Some doctors are reluctant to use either method for long periods of time.
Some doctors are skeptical about the benefits of such timing techniques.
Some doctors are skeptical about the effectiveness of yam-based creams.
Some doctors are smart.
Some doctors are specialists who receive advanced training in one specific area of medicine.
Some doctors are still reluctant to allow their patients to participate, fearing federal reprisals.
Some doctors are still reluctant to use the latest technology.
Some doctors are unwilling or unable to say how sorry they are.
Some Doctors are wonderful but some are priceless.
Some doctors ask dads.
Some doctors ask fathers.
Some doctors avoid medical malpractice by filing bankruptcy .
Some doctors become spiders.
Some doctors begin diets.
Some doctors believe a predisposition to alcoholism is passed on genetically.
Some doctors believe chlamydia occurs more commonly in women who take oral contraceptives.
Some doctors believe delivery of two or more babies requires a C-section.
Some doctors believe phentermine helps athletes by speeding up their metabolism.
Some doctors believe that a reduction in activity helps to keep the uterus from contracting.
Some doctors believe that additional shots can increase the likelihood of contracting the arthritis.
Some doctors believe that it was an unnecessary risk for Cleaves to re-enter the game.
Some doctors believe that magnesium plays a vital role in rehabilitation.
Some doctors believe that no treatment is necessary for pinworm infections that have no symptoms.
Some doctors believe that no treatment is needed, whereas others prescribe cortisone-like drugs.
Some doctors believe that other organs eventually take over the role of spleen completely.
Some doctors believe that prescription drugs are too experimental to be a truly healthy cure.
Some doctors believe that the gains in body mass are simply water retention.
Some doctors believe that the lifestyles of both men and women account for the differences.
Some doctors believe that women are genetically more vulnerable to the effects of tobacco.
Some doctors believe the drug, phentermine, helps athletes by speeding up their metabolism.
Some doctors believe the insomnia can be caused by painful cramping in the feet and legs.
Some doctors believe the lowest effective dosage is the best.
Some doctors believe the only safe amount of X-ray during pregnancy is none.
Some doctors believe the test leads men to undergo unnecessary treatment.
Some doctors believe their fame and success factored into their addictions.
Some doctors believe there is a clear link between passive smoking and lung cancer.
Some doctors believe there is no foundation for chronic candidiasis.
Some doctors believe they have corrected clubfeet when they have corrected metatarsus adductus.
Some doctors call arthritis -synovitis.
Some doctors call it sexual obsession.
Some doctors call talk too cheap.
Some doctors can be just plain embarrassed talking frankly about sexual behavior.
Some doctors can diagnose a patient without a laboratory test.
Some doctors can handle most urgent matters in the office.
Some doctors can quickly write down the information in a legible, cohesive manner.
Some doctors can tell a great deal about someone just by a quick look at the hair.
Some doctors care for infants.
Some doctors carry medicine and stethoscopes in their little black bags.
Some doctors carry out experiments.
Some doctors carry out secret experiments.
Some doctors cause death.
Some doctors caution that high amounts of iodine in the pills can lead to thyroid problems.
Some doctors cave in to patient pressure to prescribe an advertised drug.
Some doctors charge a user-fee for visits.
Some doctors charge more, some less.
Some doctors check stools.
Some doctors claim it does.
Some doctors claim that they can eliminate most of the veins in one session.
Some doctors combine ritonavir with other protease inhibitors to produce better blood levels.
Some doctors come to conclusions.
Some doctors come to homes.
Some doctors come to houses.
Some Doctors come up to speed very quickly while others require a little more time.
Some doctors conduct an ink test on the patient to confirm the existence of mites under the skin.
Some doctors consciously avoid it.
Some doctors consider hallucinations as vivid dreams, dreams occurring while a person is awake.
Some doctors consider rotation diets with very long cycles to be counterproductive.
Some doctors consider steroids next, like Prednisone.
Some doctors consider the use of psychostimulants such as methylphenidate and pemoline.
Some doctors create diets.
Some doctors create well-organized reports that have a beginning, a middle and an end.
Some doctors currently do surgery at around five or six months.
Some doctors deal with easy patients or diseases and others have more complicated ones.
Some doctors deliver daughters.
Some doctors deliver parents.
Some doctors demonstrate cost.
Some doctors deny that it exists.
Some doctors deny that the study proved what the authors said it did.
Some doctors deplore move to test for gene for cystic fibrosis.
Some doctors describe effects.
Some doctors determine causes.
Some doctors determine health.
Some doctors determine locations.
Some doctors determine weight.
Some doctors develop vaccines.
Some doctors diagnose with diabetes.
Some doctors diagnose with pneumonia.
Some doctors die from wounds.
Some doctors die in beds.
Some doctors discover cancer.
Some doctors discover lung cancer.
Some doctors discover stock.
Some doctors do jobs.
Some doctors do study also alternative or complimentary medicine.
Some doctors do viral studies looking for signs of recent infection.
Some doctors don t worry about clamping pressures and clamp tighter than others.
Some doctors doubt there are risks.
Some doctors elect to stay single until the future looks more assured.
Some doctors encourage a longer initial visit, so be guided by the physician.
Some doctors encourage shared decision making with parents, others are more directive.
Some doctors establish theories.
Some doctors even ask for extra registration quotas for the day.
Some doctors even describe the border provinces as the global epicenter of malaria resistance.
Some doctors even think it reduces the change of heart disease.
Some doctors examine children.
Some doctors examine fetuses.
Some doctors examine noses.
Some doctors examine pupils.
Some doctors examine specimens.
Some doctors examine stool specimens.
Some doctors examine victims.
Some doctors express surprise.
Some doctors fear that the answer is yes - for safety reasons.
Some doctors fear that they are being asked to do too much.
Some doctors feel it is a costly gimmick.
Some doctors feel strongly one way while others think that there is a totally different cause.
Some doctors feel that loss of estrogen causes weight gain.
Some doctors feel that the hydroquinone is more effective when combined with retinoic acid .
Some doctors feel that there isn t enough data available about their safety.
Some doctors feel that they are being told what to do by administration.
Some doctors feel that women's arteries are actually more reactive to cigarette smoke than men's.
Some doctors feel the law puts physicians in direct conflict with their Hippocratic oath.
Some doctors feel uncertainty.
Some doctors find acute pneumonia.
Some doctors find copies.
Some doctors find deficiencies.
Some doctors find destruction.
Some doctors find disorder.
Some doctors find growth hormone deficiencies.
Some doctors find pneumonia.
Some doctors find spots.
Some doctors find tumors.
Some doctors find wives.
Some doctors follow babies.
Some doctors get diseases.
Some doctors get treat diseases.
Some doctors give antibiotics to counteract any combined viral and bacterial infection.
Some doctors give hormones.
Some doctors give patients.
Some doctors give steroids as a precaution and to enhance maturity in the fetus.
Some doctors give stimulants with the food.
Some doctors give testosterone.
Some doctors give their patients two hundred or more drops per day.
Some doctors go on to practice Tibetan medicine in rural areas in Tibet.
Some doctors grant such requests on the grounds of supporting choice for women.
Some doctors greet the new treatment warily.
Some doctors have a special time for call backs.
Some doctors have addiction or abuse problems with alcohol or drugs.
Some doctors have adventures.
Some doctors have an unfavorable impression of the internet, associating it with misinformation.
Some doctors have defence.
Some doctors have little idea about what goes on inside peoples' mouths.
Some doctors have mental blocks about having employees do more.
Some doctors have more than one board certification.
Some doctors have only a limited access to particular hospitals.
Some doctors have problems with alcohol, or with drugs.
Some doctors have special training and experience in caring for infants, children and teenagers.
Some doctors have specific hours when they take calls.
Some doctors have their patients sit up for certain adjustments.
Some doctors have videocassette recorders for viewing tapes in their offices.
Some doctors have worms.
Some doctors hear a click or slight murmur.
Some doctors help breakthroughs.
Some doctors help diets.
Some doctors help smiths.
Some doctors help technical breakthroughs.
Some doctors identify areas.
Some doctors identify causes.
Some doctors identify specific areas.
Some doctors insist that their patients go only to a particular pathologist.
Some doctors invent medicine.
Some doctors involved in clinical trials today do so in a haphazard way.
Some doctors issue certificates.
Some doctors keep kids.
Some doctors keep levodopa at very low levels by using other medicines in combination.
Some doctors kill children.
Some doctors know assistants.
Some doctors know fathers.
Some doctors leave husbands.
Some doctors like to have their transcription done right there in the office.
Some doctors like to play golf.
Some doctors like to start vitamin drops, depending on particular circumstances.
Some doctors like to use patellar tendons and some use hamstrings tendons.
Some doctors limit alcohol consumption.
Some doctors limit consumption.
Some doctors listen, are sympathetic and communicate clearly.
Some doctors look at backs.
Some doctors look at growth patterns.
Some doctors look at patterns.
Some doctors look at tigers.
Some doctors look for pinworms.
Some doctors love adolescents, other prefer geriatrics.
Some doctors maintain that a good sex life can reduce stress and lower cortisol levels.
Some doctors make a point of helping a woman avoid a C-section.
Some doctors make better predictions.
Some doctors make every callback.
Some doctors make holes.
Some doctors make incisions.
Some doctors make predictions.
Some doctors make samples.
Some doctors make small incisions.
Some doctors make stool samples.
Some doctors meet nuns.
Some doctors mix a mild local anesthetic in with the saline solution to minimize the pain.
Some doctors moderate on-line chats to stay in touch with patients' concerns.
Some doctors monitor development.
Some doctors monitor growth.
Some doctors monitor man women.
Some doctors monitor weight.
Some doctors monitor women.
Some doctors now offer group appointments to save time.
Some doctors now prescribe a regime of yoga for patients with various illnesses.
Some doctors now prescribe such therapies as acupuncture, but others are quick to cry quackery.
Some doctors now recommend that people supplement only with natural beta-carotene.
Some doctors now use an epidural in which anesthesia is regulated via a tiny shunt in the spine.
Some doctors observe benefits.
Some doctors observe chemotherapy.
Some doctors occasionally recommend douching for certain vaginal infections.
Some doctors offer free of charge accommodation.
Some doctors offer surgery.
Some doctors operate on people diagnosed with chronic fatigue.
Some doctors perform causes.
Some doctors perform reversals.
Some doctors perform types.
Some doctors place small needles in the ear.
Some doctors point to great advances in easing disease symptoms.
Some doctors prefer to do examination and treatment in different rooms.
Some doctors prefer to give radiation prior to surgery but that is becoming less prevalent.
Some doctors prefer to perform a similar operation using an arthroscope.
Some doctors prefer to prescribe other drugs.
Some doctors prefer to start treatment with a single capsule for the first several weeks.
Some doctors prefer to treat any abnormality, however mild.
Some doctors prefer to use written symptom questionnaires.
Some doctors prefer to wait until seven or eight weeks.
Some doctors prescribe additional medications to offset the symptoms.
Some doctors prescribe antihistamines to relieve itching.
Some doctors prescribe breakfasts.
Some doctors prescribe calcium supplementation.
Some doctors prescribe drugs called antihistamines to reduce the itching.
Some doctors prescribe folic acid to help with the nausea caused by methotrexate.
Some doctors prescribe for home use.
Some doctors prescribe it but studies show it's effects on women are disappointing.
Some doctors prescribe medication and relaxation therapy for more serious, chronic insomniacs.
Some doctors prescribe more than one type of benzodiazepine at the same time.
Some doctors prescribe mouthwashes that contain tetracycline, an antibiotic, for canker sores.
Some doctors prescribe nourish breakfasts.
Some doctors prescribe oral contraceptives to treat acne.
Some doctors prescribe oral ganciclovir.
Some doctors prescribe pain medications to be taken proactively.
Some doctors prescribe prenatal vitamins.
Some doctors prescribe saline drops for the same purpose.
Some doctors prescribe vitamins.
Some doctors produce vaccines.
Some doctors promote products.
Some doctors provide continuous e-mail service and charge a monthly fee.
Some doctors provide instruction sheets on common prescription drugs.
Some doctors question the diet.
Some doctors raise hands.
Some doctors raise horses.
Some doctors receive money directly from patients just as surgeons, gynaecologists.
Some doctors recommend a topical or systemic cortisone-steroid for extreme discomfort.
Some doctors recommend a vinegar and water or other douche.
Some doctors recommend abnormalities.
Some doctors recommend act insulin.
Some doctors recommend alcohol.
Some doctors recommend aspirin before and during the flight as it thins the blood.
Some doctors recommend bed rest after the transfer.
Some doctors recommend bladder-stretching exercises.
Some doctors recommend bran or bulk stool softeners as ways to relieve pressure and straining.
Some doctors recommend calling specialists for information about finding a primary care physician.
Some doctors recommend chances.
Some doctors recommend chromosomal abnormalities.
Some doctors recommend dinner.
Some doctors recommend doing a colonoscopy.
Some doctors recommend drug-free periods during treatment with pemoline.
Some doctors recommend eat yogurt.
Some doctors recommend exertion.
Some doctors recommend extreme exertion.
Some doctors recommend extreme physical exertion.
Some doctors recommend eye exams to catch CMV retinitis.
Some doctors recommend fast act insulin.
Some doctors recommend fast insulin.
Some doctors recommend five minute intervals.
Some doctors recommend food.
Some doctors recommend fresh food.
Some doctors recommend fruit intake.
Some doctors recommend ginger for motion sickness since it can soothe without any side effects.
Some doctors recommend heat before getting a headache and ice once a headache is in progress.
Some doctors recommend immediate drug treatment for such patients.
Some doctors recommend increasing the frequency of sexual activity to relieve the symptoms.
Some doctors recommend insulin.
Some doctors recommend intake.
Some doctors recommend limit intake.
Some doctors recommend medication only as a last resort.
Some doctors recommend medicine-free periods during treatment with pemoline.
Some doctors recommend methods.
Some doctors recommend one nutrient, vitamin E , to prevent and treat intermittent claudication.
Some doctors recommend perforation.
Some doctors recommend physical exertion.
Some doctors recommend physical therapy or muscle-strengthening exercises.
Some doctors recommend ranges.
Some doctors recommend saliva testing to measure hormone levels.
Some doctors recommend screening for prostate cancer.
Some doctors recommend showers over baths because people are less likely to linger in showers.
Some doctors recommend sleeping in comfortable clothes , or sleeping naked .
Some doctors recommend sleeping in comfortable clothes, or sleeping naked.
Some doctors recommend snacks.
Some doctors recommend specialists.
Some doctors recommend steak.
Some doctors recommend sugary snacks.
Some doctors recommend surgery to correct strabismus.
Some doctors recommend surgery.
Some doctors recommend taking several cloves of raw garlic per day during an infection.
Some doctors recommend that it is best to perform the exam right after the menstrual period ends.
Some doctors recommend therapy.
Some doctors recommend thirty minutes of dance, three times per week.
Some doctors recommend two precautions.
Some doctors recommend vascular specialists.
Some doctors recommend vitamin C supplementation as a method of reducing elevated uric acid levels.
Some doctors recommend warm-water exercises.
Some doctors recommend yogurt.
Some doctors refer patients to psychiatrists or psychologists.
Some doctors refer to physical therapy.
Some doctors refuse for ethical or religious reasons.
Some doctors refuse to help patients with their disability claims.
Some doctors refuse to test the embryo's sex before implantation because of moral implications.
Some doctors rely on growth.
Some doctors remain skeptical of the therapy, however, they all agree more research has to be done.
Some doctors remove uteruses.
Some doctors report attacks.
Some doctors report that results can take as long as four weeks.
Some doctors require payment at the time of treatment.
Some doctors restrict their practice to only one or a few hospitals.
Some doctors routinely combine scalp reductions to their graft sessions.
Some doctors routinely do an episiotomy to prevent tearing.
Some doctors say a c-section can be less risky than natural birth.
Some doctors say eliminating foods is safe.
Some doctors say injecting the genes with needles is unnecessary.
Some doctors say it keeps a wound too moist and slows healing.
Some doctors say it s a mistake - computers can never emulate the warmth and empathy of a human.
Some doctors say it's okay for breastfeeding women to continue nursing, but others are cautious.
Some doctors say long-term treatment with antibiotics can be dangerous.
Some doctors say more stringent limits have to be set on prescribing it.
Some doctors say natural birth can be more risky.
Some doctors say that a lack of carotenoids can cause cancer.
Some doctors say that it's a good way to strengthen the diaphragm.
Some doctors say that low to moderate consumption is all right.
Some doctors say that shoes at such an early age are unnecessary.
Some doctors say that simply eating cold foods more slowly can help prevent brain freeze.
Some doctors say that standard is too conservative to help people injured on their jobs.
Some doctors say that the continued use of drugs has long term effects.
Some doctors say that they appear to be doing that.
Some doctors say the alarming increase in allergy sufferers, the so-called sick house syndrome.
Some doctors say the bite of a rabid dog is absolutely harmless to man.
Some doctors say their own moral beliefs preclude participating in abortion.
Some doctors say there's a connection between sexual activity, looking younger, and living longer.
Some doctors say there's no harm in experimenting with most herbal remedies, with some precautions.
Some doctors say they're already worried.
Some doctors say turbinates also help with the act of breathing.
Some doctors say yes.
Some doctors say, forget all the apparatus, just squirt in some warm water.
Some doctors screen for sexually transmitted diseases routinely.
Some doctors see cancer tumors having characteristics very similar to yeasts.
Some doctors see follicles.
Some doctors see gray hair and dismiss all ailments as a normal part of the aging process.
Some doctors see grow follicles.
Some doctors see more patients, filling their schedules six months in advance.
Some doctors see their rise as heralding the end of the age of antibiotics.
Some doctors see trains.
Some doctors send blood samples.
Some doctors send samples.
Some doctors send specimens to the health department to diagnose.
Some doctors send their patients home with a sleeping pill to be taken as soon as they get home.
Some doctors send villagers.
Some doctors separate some time for telephone consultations.
Some doctors share with the general public many misconceptions about adoption.
Some doctors specialise in a certain kind of medicine .
Some doctors specialise in a certain kind of medicine.
Some doctors specialise in keyboard instruments, wind instruments, string instruments, etc.
Some doctors specialize in addiction.
Some doctors specialize in arthritis.
Some doctors specialize in babies.
Some doctors specialize in disorder.
Some doctors specialize in eat disorder.
Some doctors specialize in family medicine.
Some doctors specialize in hormone disorder.
Some doctors specialize in medicine.
Some doctors specialize in only a few and others have a broader approach.
Some doctors specialize in premature babies.
Some doctors specialize in sport medicine.
Some doctors specialize in surgery.
Some doctors specialize in treat disorder.
Some doctors specialize in treat eat disorder.
Some doctors specialize in treat premature babies.
Some doctors spend time answering questions submitted by members of on-line support groups.
Some doctors still recommend the stomach position for babies with certain medical problems.
Some doctors still say that today.
Some doctors still think that faxes are a Communist plot.
Some doctors still try to give good medical care.
Some doctors still use the oral glucose tolerance test.
Some doctors suggest avoiding meat, dairy, eggs, sugar, and processed foods as a means of treatment.
Some doctors suggest eating a high-carbohydrate snack before going to bed.
Some doctors suggest holding a wet tea bag against a gum abrasion or canker sore.
Some doctors suggest injections.
Some doctors suggest monitoring the level of magnesium in red blood cells rather than in serum.
Some doctors suggest surgery.
Some doctors suggest testing first thing in the morning after fasting for the most accurate result.
Some doctors suggest that a cholesterol and anemia screen be done now.
Some doctors suggest that a cholesterol screen be done now.
Some doctors suggest trying a small dose of meds later in the day to counteract rebound.
Some doctors suggest using more than one form of adjuvant therapy.
Some doctors suggest warm compresses, while others suggest cold compresses.
Some doctors support the recall.
Some doctors survive accidents.
Some doctors suspect such drugs can also cause impotency and diminished sex drive.
Some doctors swear by the flu shot.
Some doctors take aggressive approaches.
Some doctors take an extreme view on steroid use.
Some doctors take approaches.
Some doctors take blood tests.
Some doctors take several residencies, including a residency in a subspecialty.
Some Doctors take stateside post grad courses.
Some doctors take tests.
Some doctors talk in language that is complex and technical.
Some doctors tell pregnant women to avoid caffeine and artificial sweeteners.
Some doctors test fetuses.
Some doctors think it is a syndrome, or collection of diseases.
Some doctors think it's a good idea to do a monthly skin check.
Some doctors think it's a move that's long overdue.
Some doctors think mohels do a better job.
Some doctors think so.
Some Doctors think success stories with self -treatment are simple due to the placebo response.
Some doctors think that colic is due to the baby's own temperament.
Some doctors think that using an electric shaver helps prevent the spread of molluscum.
Some doctors think they are a special breed of people which is absolute foolishness.
Some doctors think they are lumps of inflammation around small blood vessels.
Some doctors throw antibiotics at it, and sometimes that helps.
Some doctors touch bellies.
Some doctors treat arthritis.
Some doctors treat both varicose and spider veins with sclerotherapy.
Some doctors treat daughters.
Some doctors treat husbands.
Some doctors try to avoid mixing the well children and the sick children in the same reception area.
Some doctors try to prevent illness by telling their patients to avoid the things that cause it.
Some doctors undergo trains.
Some doctors use a questionnaire only because of lab test confusion.
Some doctors use alternative therapy.
Some doctors use another drug, dipyridamole.
Some doctors use both drugs in combination.
Some doctors use catheters.
Some doctors use chemotherapy.
Some doctors use diets.
Some doctors use early ultrasound to estimate gestational age and due dates for all pregnant women.
Some doctors use injections of human chorionic gonadotropin to further stimulate the corpus luteum.
Some doctors use iodine for fibrocystic symptoms.
Some doctors use irrigations to stimulate the bowel after surgery.
Some doctors use it in their offices to test certain functions of the heart.
Some doctors use lasers.
Some doctors use oral itraconazole to treat people who have non life-threatening disease.
Some doctors use patient or chart numbers.
Some doctors use presence.
Some doctors use proteolytic enzyme combinations to speed healing.
Some doctors use pulses.
Some doctors use questionnaires.
Some doctors use rubber tubes.
Some doctors use special lasers to treat blockages from tumors.
Some doctors use techniques to make cuts cleanly and meticulously, which decreases bleeding.
Some doctors use techniques.
Some doctors use therapy.
Some doctors use tubes.
Some doctors use ultrasound to see whether the appendix looks inflamed.
Some doctors use various techniques.
Some doctors view it as punishment.
Some doctors view that as a life-saving compromise to an ethical issue.
Some doctors visit homes.
Some doctors wait several months to see if the level of white blood cells in the CSF falls.
Some doctors watch babies.
Some doctors welcome questions from patients more than others do.
Some doctors wonder whether it successfully removes all traces of cancer.
Some doctors work as teams.
Some doctors work to effects.
Some doctors work with princes.
Some doctors work with teams.
Some doctors worry that they'll be stuck with it since it only has a shelf life of three months.
Some doctors write books.
Doctoral applicants are eligible to apply for gift aid only.
Doctoral applicants are eligible to apply only for gift aid.
Doctoral applicants are only eligible to apply for gift aid.
All doctoral auditions are to be performed live.
Doctoral candidate Receive the diploma at commencement.
Doctoral candidates are eligible for two-year fellowships also.
Doctoral candidates are to respond immediately to the instructions of the doctoral marshals.
Doctoral candidates attend the same ceremony as the college that administers their field of study.
Doctoral candidates can also receive funding for a trip to a conference.
Doctoral candidates can pay their tuition in twenty-four, equal monthly installments.
Doctoral candidates develop two specialties, choosing from approximately twenty substantive areas.
Doctoral candidates give an oral presentation of their prospectus or dissertation.
Doctoral candidates have a maximum of eight years to completed their degree.
Doctoral candidates have an additional four years to complete the dissertation.
Doctoral candidates have an overall eight-year time limit for completion of all degree requirements.
Doctoral candidates have considerable flexibility in their selection of courses.
Doctoral candidates have only to pass the examination of the dissertation they have prepared.
Doctoral candidates perform three recitals and write a major document.
Doctoral candidates personalize the remaining program components with the assistance of an adviser.
Doctoral candidates proceed into the arena after the platform party.
Doctoral candidates score about a standard deviation higher than masters candidates.
Doctoral candidates take a comprehensive oral examination covering one major and two minor fields.
Doctoral candidates take additional courses as befits their research interests.
Doctoral candidates take an additional one-hour exam which covers the entire sequence.
Doctoral candidates take the hoods on stage and faculty places the hoods on each doctoral candidate.
Doctoral candidates undertaking dissertation research are preferred.
Doctoral candidates writing their dissertations are also eligible.
All doctoral candidates receive full support for the duration of their studies.
All doctoral candidates receive full tuition remission and a stipend.
Most doctoral candidates gain classroom experience as teaching assistants.
Doctoral committees consist of at least three qualified faculty members, including the advisor.
Doctoral committees review a lot of concepts that are interesting in theory.
Doctoral completions rank amongst the highest in the country.
Doctoral courses can fill quickly.
Doctoral coursework takes about two years.
All doctoral defenses are open to interested members of the Georgetown academic community.
Doctoral degree is desired.
Doctoral degree is preferred and completion of doctorate is required for tenure.
Doctoral degree is required for the position.
Doctoral degree is required.
Doctoral degrees are available in geology and energy engineering.
Doctoral degrees are available in mathematical analysis and the theory of elasticity.
Doctoral degrees are available in the arts, sciences, engineering, medical, and legal fields.
Doctoral degrees are available in the traditional fields of elementary and secondary education.
Doctoral degrees are by thesis only.
Doctoral degrees are essential to landing professor positions.
Doctoral degrees are graduate degrees.
Doctoral degrees are research degrees only.
Doctoral degrees require at least three years of full-time study.
Doctoral dissertation is on examining functional recovery in community-living stroke survivors.
Doctoral dissertations focus on distance education issues.
Doctoral dissertations receive citations only.
Doctoral dissertations reflect a wide variety of research carried out in many parts of the world.
Doctoral dissertations result in research publications in major journals.
Doctoral education is different from master's degree education.
All doctoral faculty are eligible to evaluate student performance on the exam.
Doctoral fellowships are available to academically gifted students.
Doctoral fellowships are non-service.
Doctoral graduates are also in a position to pursue academic and research careers.
Doctoral graduates are faculty members at some of the nations leading universities.
Doctoral graduates develop skills consistent with the beginning nurse scholar.
All doctoral graduates have teaching experience.
Some doctoral graduates teach in college or university settings.
Doctoral positions are available in the field of molecular recognition on thin films.
Doctoral programs accept applications for the fall semester only.
Doctoral programs are a challenge at any age.
Doctoral programs are a very expensive means to education.
Doctoral programs are available in education.
Doctoral programs are available in over thirty disciplines.
Doctoral programs are extremely high-pressure and arduous programs.
Doctoral programs are individualized and permit a high degree of specialization.
Doctoral programs are long and complex.
Doctoral programs are more costly to provide and also require greater student support.
Doctoral programs are ongoing continually.
Doctoral programs continue to train students to be research faculty.
Doctoral programs emphasize creative research leading to a dissertation.
Doctoral programs have a different set of expectations.
Doctoral programs involve research projects that are often inspired by industrial sponsors.
Doctoral programs prefer candidates with teaching experience.
Doctoral programs represent the pinnacle of higher education.
Doctoral programs vary in requirements and emphasis.
Doctoral programs vary, but in general they share certain common features.
All doctoral programs emphasize leadership, research, and practitioner competencies.
Many doctoral programs require master's thesis.
Some doctoral programs are more flexible than others.
Some doctoral programs ought to be restructured so that graduates can pursue non-academic careers.
Some doctoral programs require applicants to have a master's degree in psychology.
Some doctoral programs require completion of a master's degree for admission.
Doctoral programmes offer students the opportunity to carry out fundamental and applied research.
Some doctoral programmes charge tuition fees, which vary considerably in size.
Doctoral prospects are also outstanding.
Doctoral rates vary depending on program.
Doctoral research can begin after admission to the Ph.D. program.
Doctoral research can last from one to six semesters or longer, depending on the doctoral project.
Doctoral research stresses the development of new principles and concepts.
Doctoral rooms are available to doctoral students for one quarter.
Doctoral schools are an excellent preparation to a research activity and to Ph.D. programs .
Doctoral student develops cement that cures below freezing .
Doctoral students abide by the same policy.
Doctoral students act to some degree on their own responsibility.
Doctoral students apply for graduation the semester prior to the dissertation defense.
Doctoral students are also welcome to submit paper proposals on their research findings.
Doctoral students are eligible for support in one of two ways .
Doctoral students are eligible for university support for six years.
Doctoral students are eligible for up to four years of funding.
Doctoral students are eligible to take the theory and methodology examinations whenever offered.
Doctoral students are eligible upon successful defense of the dissertation.
Doctoral students are encourage to submit material for inclusion.
Doctoral students are essential for the development of strong faculty research programs.
Doctoral students are mentored to develop research and advanced science teaching abilities.
Doctoral students are prepared for a variety of academic, research, and policy positions.
Doctoral students are prepared to assume academic or other leadership roles in the field.
Doctoral students are to carry their hoods.
Doctoral students are welcome to apply.
Doctoral students are welcome to participate for credit if they write a research paper.
Doctoral students begin early in their programs to develop close working relationships with faculty.
Doctoral students beginning their second, third or fourth years of graduate studies are eligible.
Doctoral students can also seek a minor in political methodology.
Doctoral students can be in the biological, physical, social, and cultural sciences.
Doctoral students can begin working in a lab the summer before they begin classes.
Doctoral students can plan ahead for achieving levels of distinction in academe.
Doctoral students can receive a maximum of six semesters of financial support.
Doctoral students can submit their final thesis in either Japanese or English.
Doctoral students can tailor their program of study to meet their academic needs.
Doctoral students choose two specialties.
Doctoral students complete a core curriculum of nine semester hours.
Doctoral students complete a dissertation under the supervision of a doctoral committee.
Doctoral students complete a two-step competency in college teaching under faculty direction.
Doctoral students complete an empirically based dissertation.
Doctoral students complete two core courses and four courses from within their concentration area.
Doctoral students conducting research have second priority.
Doctoral students continue clinical involvement under supervision throughout their Ph.D. studies.
Doctoral students develop methodological competencies defined by the doctoral curriculum.
Doctoral students develop teaching competence as part of their programs.
Doctoral students doing leadership doctorates have preference.
Doctoral students earn a Ph.D. in Business with a major in Accounting.
Doctoral students engage in research and teaching experiences in one of the areas of specialization.
Doctoral students enrol from across Australia and overseas.
Doctoral students have continuing status if they have been certified at one credit hour.
Doctoral Students have eight years from the start of course work to complete their degrees.
Doctoral students have first priority to enroll in doctoral seminars.
Doctoral students have ten years from matriculation.
Doctoral students meet at the yearly conference and discuss their work in special study groups.
Doctoral students participate in dissertation workshop seminars.
Doctoral students participate in research seminars, supervised research, and university teaching.
Doctoral students participate in the department laboratory rotation program in their first year.
Doctoral students participate in the doctoral seminars each year until they complete their exams.
Doctoral students plan their total program together with their academic advisor.
Doctoral students publish important papers in the psychology of health and disease.
Doctoral students pursue a path determined by the doctoral committee.
Doctoral students pursue an Ph.D. degree.
Doctoral students receive a competitive stipend.
Doctoral students receive comprehensive and discipline-specific training.
Doctoral Students receive four years of support.
Doctoral students receive generous monthly stipends and tuition scholarships .
Doctoral students receive supervision and mentoring from some of the best researchers in their area.
Doctoral students select a major professor immediately and a committee of three as soon as possible.
Doctoral students select, with the approval of their advisory committee, two areas of study.
Doctoral students study in a variety of academic and professional areas.
Doctoral students take four graduate level classes in addition to their doctoral work.
Doctoral students teach courses at the graduate and undergraduate levels.
Doctoral students work closely with the faculty to conduct original research.
Doctoral students work under the supervision of their doctoral committees.
All doctoral students are eligible for fellowship and assistantship support.
All doctoral students are eligible to apply for financial aid.
All doctoral students are subject to university policies governing graduate students.
All doctoral students have five years to complete their work.
All doctoral students participate in a research mentorship program.
All doctoral students pursue a common core during their first year of post-master's study.
All doctoral students take a core set of courses in social science, policy and resource allocation.
Any doctoral student is eligible to apply.
Many doctoral students find the dissertation process more than a bit daunting.
Most doctoral students are able to secure graduate research or teaching assistantships.
Most doctoral students aspire to careers in university teaching and research.
Most doctoral students enter the program with master's degrees.
Most doctoral students receive substantial financial support.
Most doctoral students share office space with one other student.
Most doctoral students spend one year at a leading university outside Sweden.
Most doctoral students take four to five years of full-time study to complete the doctoral degree.
Most doctoral students use a goal of one page per day or five pages per weekend.
Doctoral studies are beyond scope of programme.
Doctoral studies are the first step in the scientific career.
Doctoral studies comprise a number of study courses and a comprehensive thesis work.
Doctoral studies constitute for most students the first stage of an academic career.
Doctoral studies lead to a Ph.D. degree after three years of study.
Doctoral studies require a minimum of two years of full-time study.
Doctoral studies require three or more years of full-time study and research.
Doctoral study can begin at any time.
Doctoral study consists of the mastery of a field of knowledge and successful pursuit of research.
Doctoral study is a process that requires deep personal commitment.
Doctoral study is also available. .
Doctoral study is available at each partner school.
Doctoral study is emphasized.
Doctoral study requires intellectual discipline, creativity, and dedication.
Doctoral subsidy is the fastest growing section of the higher education budget.
Doctoral tassels are often gold.
Doctoral terms are five months long.
Doctoral theses are to be completed within two years.
Doctoral theses are usually in English.
Doctoral theses are, as a rule, published and defended in a public debate.
Doctoral training combines research and teaching experience with close individual supervision.
Doctoral training is a key entry point for revitalizing area studies.
Doctoral Universities are the major doctoral-granting institutions.
Doctoral work involves a self-managed programme of study rather than taught modules.
Doctoral work is based on the achievement of academic and research competencies.
All doctoral work is subject to review by the graduate dean.
All doctorate candidates fill out the survey.
Doctorate courses consist of two parts, with the first two years equivalent to the masters course.
Doctorate programmes require three year's full-time study.
Doctorate scholarships are limited to a maximum of three years.
Doctorate studies are likewise available for students who have earned their graduate degree.
A doctorate is a degree
Doctorates are required for most university and research positions.
Doctorates can also find positions outside of academia.
Doctorates do seem to pay off.
Doctorates get a higher salary.
All doctorates bestowed are strictly religious and honorary only.
Doctorial degrees are essential for teaching and research positions.
Doctorings are medical treatments.
Doctors Doctors are to play a pivotal role in the administration of the new scheme.
Doctors Doctors work with their patients regarding decisions relating to diagnosis and treatment.
Doctors office says to wait till second missed period and then come in, that seems too long.
Most doctors offices have copy machines.
Doctors orders initiate the care delivery process.
Doctors time spent on the revalidation process is time spent away from direct patient care.
Many doctrinairian obstacles render it difficult.
Doctrinal accountability is particularly important for educational institutions.
Doctrinal awareness is meant.
Doctrinal correction is discouraged as people are helped to talk through their questions.
Doctrinal differences are healthy in any group.
Doctrinal differences lie at the root of the schism.
Doctrinal disagreements call for debate.
Doctrinal disputes leave most people cold.
Doctrinal error espoused by an esteemed leader is extra difficult to handle.
Doctrinal errors are nothing new.
Doctrinal flabbiness has led to the decline in membership of the last twenty years, say some.
Doctrinal impurity leads to moral corruption.
Doctrinal purity becomes pharisaical.
Doctrinal purity is important.
Doctrinal purity is the product of the vital relation of dogma to event.
Doctrinal reincarnation is also readily available on the Internet.
Doctrinal soundness is the only thing that matters.
Doctrinal studies are comparable to the moon and meditative practices to the sun.
Doctrinal studies are shallow, while meditative practices are deep.
Doctrinal truth concerning religious matters is complete.
Doctrinal unity is an ideal to be pursued and grown into.
Doctrinal unity is impossible.
Doctrinal unity is the unity of the church and the basis for the fellowship of the saints.
Doctrines of men are wrong.
A doctrine is a belief
Doctrine isa belief.
Doctrines affect mental states.
Doctrines affect states.
Doctrines are beliefs.
Doctrines are firm and definite, while the programmatic dimension is diffuse and generic.
Doctrines are nothing without humility.
Doctrines are one way that mysterious inner events are expressed in words.
Doctrines are only for pointing to the mind.
Doctrines are the milk, knowing right from wrong is the meat.
Doctrines are winds that blow man now here, now there .
Doctrines are words.
Doctrines divide truth from error.
Doctrines emerge from experience.
Doctrines help keep the church strange, fools according to the world.
Doctrines never change.
Doctrines originate independent of each other which have identities in contents.
Doctrines promote life.
All doctrine hangs together.
All doctrine is infallible and as such is unchangeable.
All doctrines hold ethical implications.
All doctrines received are parallel in thought to the statements made above.
Every doctrine is supported by more than one verse, never by a single verse.
Most doctrines affect mental states.
Most doctrines affect states.
Most doctrines promote life.
Some doctrines readily divide the ins from the outs.
A docudrama is a film
Docudramas are a network TV staple.
Docudramas are also out.
Document access is controlled through a set of sophisticated security protocols.
Document access is restricted to authorized users running our Web database client.
Document analysis is a third.
Document analysis is to be a major element in the course.
Document assembly composes new documents from an existing collection of documents.
Document automation fills forms faster than traditional methods.
Document automation is one of the oldest workflow activities.
Document boxes have a flip top lids which protect the manuscripts from light and dust.
Document camera is available upon request.
Document cameras are available with the systems.
Document cameras can display visuals, objects and slides.
Document capture is the process of converting paper documents into digital images and index data.
Document clustering is used to organize collections around topics.
Document collections can help users narrow their search.
Document comparison is clumsy.
Document consultation is by appointment only.
Document control is fast and secure.
Document conversion is a somewhat more difficult problem.
Document conversion is done by trained technicians.
Document conversion is handled automatically for an extensive list of programs and versions.
Most document conversions begin with document imaging.
Document databases constitute the most effective computer tool to solve it.
Document delivery charges Base rates are determined by volume of orders and source of document.
Document delivery continues to supplement on-site holdings.
Document delivery Find out how to order journal articles.
Document delivery is a very labor intensive operation.
Document delivery is also available here for a fee.
Document delivery is an example of the modernized model.
Document delivery is available for a fee.
Document delivery is available online or to a registered e-mail address.
Document delivery is available.
Document delivery is chargeable.
Document delivery is charged.
Document delivery is keynote of services provided.
Document delivery is occasionally the result of telephone requests.
Document delivery is their primary business.
Document delivery seems to provide something for everyone.
Document delivery using appropriate commercial services is also an option.
Document destruction is the logical last phase of a well thought out document management system.
Document elements can nest.
Document examiners are highly trained members of the law enforcement forensic team.
Document examiners use a wide range of magnifying equipment.
Document exchange is easy to overlook and is the source of many problems.
Document execution begins at the first dialog by default.
Document fish kills, algae blooms, erosion and pollution.
Document forgery is the fraudulent reproduction of someone else's writing or signature.
Document formats are available as pdf and rtf.
Document formats are either non-paged or paged.
Document formats change and become unreadable over time.
Document formats covered include research papers, mail merged letters, outlines, tables.
Document formats vary in terms of how much structure and markup they allow.
Document fraud is endemic in Vietnam.
Document imaging can open the door to the truly paperless office.
Document imaging increases office productivity, saves space, and bolsters security.
Document imaging involves image capture and image processing, as well as storage, and retrieval.
Document imaging is a key technology that can provide many benefits for courts of all sizes.
Document imaging is a key tool for HR departments.
Document imaging is a technology of digitizing paper files.
Document imaging is an excellent way to handle the paper load of a large and complex lawsuit.
Document imaging is the solution to the challenges of a paper driven world.
Document imaging is, of course, a second-best approach.
Document imaging takes that paper document and re-translates it to digital data.
Some document journals are also recataloged and housed in periodicals.
Document maintenance is also available on an as-required or retainer basis.
Document management deals with groups of documents.
Document management involves handling information from many derivatives.
Document management is another area to consider.
Document management is considered as a means for information management in enterprises.
Document management is on everyone's mind lately.
Document management is one of the most common uses of the intranet.
Document management is related to data warehouse but the later is much more complex.
Document management is the answer.
Document management is vitally important to a law office.
Document management makes information retrieval simple.
Document management provides a similar framework for document-intensive procedures.
Document management serves as a knowledgebase of the firm's work product.
Document management works only if everyone in the law firm uses the system.
Document number Enter a document number or a range of document numbers if known.
Document number Enter a range of document numbers if known.
Document number Enter the document number.
Document portability is only the first step.
Document preparation consists of all the steps required to get the paper copy ready for scanning.
Document preparation is at least as important as the scanning operation.
Document preparation is faster, more efficient.
Document processing is the office next to the mail room and water cooler.
Document processing Keep the count of all transactions within the document.
Document production exists within a wider context that is too complex for any one piece of software.
Document production is generally voluminous, especially in multimedia actions.
Document production is pretty much self-explanatory.
Document Request Get the newest versions.
Document research is a slow process.
Document retention is also a murkier issue when it comes to electronic data.
Document retrieval can be fun.
Document retrieval requires staff-assisted password use.
Document scanning is obsolete.
Document services range from design intent packages to full bid packages, depending on client needs.
Document sharing is a powerful feature of the system.
Document supply is expensive.
Document templates are for just about everything else.
Document templates are now available.
A document is a writing
Document appears to the users as torn appart.
Document argues that a major factor in reducing drug abuse is cutting the supply of illegal drugs.
Document become destinations.
Document binding takes seconds.
Document claims that Communist youths are involved in the crisis.
Document combines introductory and advanced material.
Document conforms to reference concrete synatx.
Document consists of a diagram of a motion picture projector, signed and notarized.
Document containing Chinese characters become garbage when reading on non-chinese environment.
Document contains no data. .
Document contains no data.
Document contains small print.
Document contains small, light print.
Document describing the rules by whioch a club operates.
Document designs for release to volume production.
Document explains how to setup an authentication gateway.
Document explains program layout, system call convention, and build process.
Document has instructions for setups with major e-mail clients.
Document has to be in Word to email.
Document imaging Managing document information is a large and growing application.
Document imaging saves money by saving time.
Document includes a bibliography.
Document includes a total of ten pages.
Document includes both the Domestic and International versions of the book.
Document includes forms, links, and anchors.
Document includes holiday ideas and contacts.
Document includes one nontrivial example.
Document includes two seals and is in excellent condition.
Document is a pdf document.
Document is a tree of elements.
Document is accepted with the stipulation that the rigging and fitness requirement be clarified.
Document is an object but also a property of window.
Document is an object.
Document is available for purchase.
Document is available here .
Document is available in .pdf format.
Document is available in both HTML format and a downloadable PDF format.
Document is available in pdf format.
Document is available only in sections.
Document is available.
Document is comprehensive, however, slightly long for the needs of most readers.
Document is currently under revision.
Document is difficult to read and data is poorly presented.
Document is downloadable as PDF-file.
Document is enclosed.
Document is formatted appropriately for use of the document.
Document is here .
Document is in .html format.
Document is in .pdf format.
Document is in .txt format.
Document is in Adobe Acrobat form.
Document is in Adobe Acrobat format, click for information.
Document is in Adobe Acrobat format.
Document is in great condition.
Document is in Japanese and English.
Document is in PDF format and is also available in French and German .
Document is in pdf format.
Document is in regular HTML format and there are links to full text of cases.
Document is included with minutes email.
Document is incomplete.
Document is inserted without menubar at the caret.
Document is likely to include prioritization issues.
Document is moved to live site and all links are tested by GDPH web team.
Document is on the web.
Document is pilot project proposal.
Document is protected from changes after downloading to ensure that it prints in the correct format.
Document is ready for last call after next revision, with minor changes, next month.
Document is ready for use.
Document is recieved normally by the client.
Document is restricted as a controlled distribution item.
Document is returned to original party for correction.
Document is searchable index.
Document is searchable.
Document is such long word.
Document is the current page displayed in the window and is a property of window.
Document is the object, and write is the method being performed on the object.
Document is the programmatic, language-neutral interface that represents a document.
Document is the same as in the Calendar, having viewed it.
Document is under construction.
Document is under revision.
Document isa written language.
Document lays flat for ease of use.
Document leave accruals and prepare necessary forms and reports.
Document means any paper required to be filed, mailed, or received in any civil service proceeding.
Document needs a title.
Document needs assessment efforts in the planning committee meeting minutes.
Document needs to be clarified in several areas.
Document needs to be downloaded.
Document now includes introductory text and procedures for making changes.
Document objects store data in memory or on disk.
Document provides a general overview of test results.
Document provides overview and planning for the study group.
Document recommends further liberalization of Canada's rapidly-deteriorating abortion law.
Document reflects minor editorial changes.
Document requires PDF reader.
Document Retrieves the automation object of the active document, if any.
Document shows normal aging, otherwise in fine condition.
Document still has confidential notice in footer.
Document supplies a content-length, read that many char.
Documents addressing budget principles and tenure and promotion procedures are under review.
Documents allow management to review transactions for appropriate authorization.
Documents also afford scholars an insightful glimpse into the history of the cold war.
Documents also are available on microfilm.
Documents also certify relationships with additional companies.
Documents also contain indexes which the user can search for current or archived information.
Documents also provide counsel a road map to use in establishing what occurred and how to prove it.
Documents also suggest it was the site of a skirmish.
Documents appear and print exactly as they appear in their original form.
Documents appear as images, so they look exactly as they do on paper.
Documents appearing on their face to be in order is all that is required.
Documents are accessible by author or topic.
Documents are also a key part of the Minnesota case.
Documents are also available for photocopy or can be duplicated on microfiche.
Documents are also available on our internet site.
Documents are also available through a library program in every borrowing country.
Documents are also data imaged for paperless storage and retrieval.
Documents are also important.
Documents are also related to non-document objects such as authors, publishers, and archives.
Documents are always in-place active.
Documents are an alternative to guest books.
Documents are analogical on paper support.
Documents are another matter.
Documents are are relatively inexpensive.
Documents are available all hours the library is open .
Documents are available as both text and images.
Documents are available as image or searchable text.
Documents are available as loose leaf unbound paper copies or as microfiche.
Documents are available at the project website .
Documents are available by fax twenty- four hours a day, seven days a week.
Documents are available electronically under the Freedom of Information Act.
Documents are available for a fee.
Documents are available for checkout.
Documents are available for downloading.
Documents are available for either information or feedback.
Documents are available for on-line viewing or downloading.
Documents are available for on-site inspection and sale.
Documents are available for purchase.
Documents are available for review and comment , in endorsement areas marked with a .
Documents are available for two weeks, from the date of notification.
Documents are available for use during normal business hours.
Documents are available for viewing or printing.
Documents are available for viewing, file transfers or e-mailing.
Documents are available from computers running server software.
Documents are available from DTIC to registered users only.
Documents are available from the contact persons above without cost.
Documents are available in .html and .pdf formats.
Documents are available in a variety of languages, including English.
Documents are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Documents are available in English and French.
Documents are available in English, French, and Spanish.
Documents are available in English, French, German, Spanish and Swedish.
Documents are available in English, French, Spanish, Arabic, Russian and Chinese.
Documents are available in English, Spanish and other foreign languages.
Documents are available in English, Spanish, French, German and Italian.
Documents are available in five languages.
Documents are available in full text with supporting documentation linked where appropriate.
Documents are available in html and pdf formats.
Documents are available in html format.
Documents are available in HTML format.
Documents are available in many languages with information on certain countries and regions.
Documents are available in paper, microfiche, and CD-ROM formats.
Documents are available in pdf format.
Documents are available in straight text, as images, or documents suitable for saving to disk.
Documents are available in the administrative record and information repositories.
Documents are available in the library reserve room.
Documents are available in two formats.
Documents are available on line below in two forms.
Documents are available on the same day they are published.
Documents are available online and also for download.
Documents are available online within each area of interest.
Documents are available online.
Documents are available only in the language or languages in which their title appears.
Documents are available through interlibrary loan service including overseas.
Documents are available to all.
Documents are available to demonstrate the severity of the economic hardship.
Documents are available to the public for a fee.
Documents are available unbound.
Documents are available, and experts can be on hand.
Documents are available.
Documents are chronologically as well as by type.
Documents are communication.
Documents are complete with thumbnail indexes.
Documents are computer generated and supplied to the clients on request.
Documents are constantly available to students anywhere on any computer platform .
Documents are contracts, which evolve during the negotiations.
Documents are cross platform.
Documents are cross-indexed by broad topic and in alphabetical order of more specific topic.
Documents are cross-referenced for comparison of constitutional provisions.
Documents are current and of high quality.
Documents are difficult to find, especially the right documents.
Documents are easier to print from a single Web page.
Documents are easy to find and to retrieve, and file servers are easy to organize.
Documents are either documents on the local disk or documents retrieved from the internet.
Documents are either transcriptions, translations, or facsimile copies of originals.
Documents are essentially e-mail letters.
Documents are everywhere, three feet high in places, covering several hundred square feet.
Documents are files created in word processors.
Documents are for casual information purposes only.
Documents are for in-library use only.
Documents are for lawyers and people trying to lie around their fear of failure.
Documents are for people, and people are very sensitive to visual clutter and distraction.
Documents are for personal use only.
Documents are for teachers or students.
Documents are free unless otherwise stated.
Documents are from U.S. government and archives of foreign governments.
Documents are full text or in citation form.
Documents are full-text.
Documents are fully searchable and word processor editable.
Documents are generally in word format.
Documents are good sources for statistics and information on social and public affairs issues.
Documents are immediately accessible to all interested parties.
Documents are in .html, spreadsheet, and .pdf formats.
Documents are in .pdf format.
Documents are in .PDF format.
Documents are in a .pdf file format.
Documents are in Acrobat and are completely searchable.
Documents are in Adobe Acrobat format .
Documents are in Adobe Acrobat format, requiring the free Adobe Acrobat reader plug-in.
Documents are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Documents are in alphabetical order by title.
Documents are in books and filed by townships.
Documents are in chronological order.
Documents are in English and English common law prevails.
Documents are in English and some are also availible in French language.
Documents are in English unless otherwise specified.
Documents are in format.
Documents are in French and German, with Italian soon to be added.
Documents are in hard copy or on microfiche.
Documents are in html and .pdf format.
Documents are in pdf format.
Documents are in pdf.
Documents are in printed format, in microform, or in electronic format via the Internet.
Documents are in printed format, in microform, or in electronic format.
Documents are in reverse chronological order.
Documents are in Spanish.
Documents are in text format and some contain scanned images possibly causing a slow load.
Documents are in the document book whereas the affidavits have been numbered separately.
Documents are in the federal documents shelves unless another location is listed.
Documents are in the official language of the country of origin.
Documents are in the original language and translated.
Documents are in the public domain.
Documents are in TIFF format, which requires software to view.
Documents are in Word format.
Documents are in zip, htm, pdf, or text files.
Documents are information objects.
Documents are information organized and presented for human understanding.
Documents are liminal beings.
Documents are located in suitcases.
Documents are mainly deeds of buying ground and houses.
Documents are merely the beginning.
Documents are much more mobile than executable files, passing from machine to machine.
Documents are no longer static, physical entities.
Documents are now available here .
Documents are now corporate assets.
Documents are now ordinarily de-restricted after six months.
Documents are objects that are viewable and navigable with a viewer.
Documents are objects.
Documents are obtainable the same day, and it is also possible to replicate for a reasonable charge.
Documents are of legal nature.
Documents are often dynamic, complex, unstructured and unpredictable.
Documents are on file.
Documents are on microfilm and can be borrowed through interlibrary loan.
Documents are on School Intranet.
Documents are on the federal documents shelves unless another location is listed.
Documents are one example.
Documents are only copied on one side of paper, unless the original is two sided.
Documents are paper.
Documents are partly on remote servers.
Documents are pass-worded on certain matters and digital signature technology is used when required.
Documents are prepared for all transportation improvement projects that are federally funded.
Documents are prepared in both English and Spanish.
Documents are printable but non-interactive.
Documents are put on the queue.
Documents are quick loading and easy to print.
Documents are readily available and easy to understand.
Documents are readily available for inspection by both buyers and sellers.
Documents are representations.
Documents are retrievable from anywhere and can be stored indefinitely.
Documents are scanned in so users can view images of the actual document.
Documents are searchable by author, topic, and keyword.
Documents are searchable by keywords in article titles and summaries.
Documents are searchable.
Documents are secure from theft and defacement.
Documents are sets of related information.
Documents are signed, a loan is funded and the deal records.
Documents are single electronic texts.
Documents are so rich in meaning that a laundry list is a treasure.
Documents are sole originals and are only presented in the search room.
Documents are still the most common storage device .
Documents are stored in a tree-like structure, so each document can have sub documents.
Documents are subject to availability.
Documents are subject to change at the discretion of the archivist.
Documents are the building blocks of complex organizations.
Documents are the currency of business.
Documents are the DNA of knowledge.
Documents are the files in which users store the content they create in an application.
Documents are the major method for integrating all significant business operations.
Documents are the means by which information is communicated, captured, managed and controlled.
Documents are the pages users see when they visit a Web site.
Documents are the primary vehicle for formally communicating with the team and participants.
Documents are the raw material of the legal system.
Documents are the single most important communication vehicle that people work with today.
Documents are then available for transcriptionists.
Documents are then microfilmed and copied.
Documents are then quality checked, indexed and on-line for access only minutes after scanning.
Documents are to be certified copies.
Documents are to be free of spelling and grammatical errors.
Documents are to be provided in the form in which they are kept in the usual course of business.
Documents are to be searchable through a Web accessible search engine.
Documents are top-bound.
Documents are typically more extensive than tables.
Documents are used for storing information.
Documents are user friendly.
Documents are usually available immediately after being docketed and scanned.
Documents are usually richly structured and linked in multi-media repositories.
Documents are very difficult to find as a result.
Documents are where information meets with people and their work.
Documents are writing.
Documents arrive in about two weeks, in most cases.
Documents arrive within two working days, and books within a week.
Documents associated with properties are in alphabetical sequences based on the names of the hotels.
Documents automatically display most recent first .
Documents become searchable and retrievable.
Documents begin with a card.
Documents below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Documents calls and visits and what has been promised to prospects.
Documents calls through automated system in accordance with established guidelines.
Documents can also be spell-checked for errors and be printed.
Documents can also contain interactive links to databases.
Documents can be a platform for creative work.
Documents can be a Product .
Documents can be all sort of forms, questionnaires, letters, vouchers, cheques, etc.
Documents can be all sorts of forms, questionnaires, letters, vouchers cheques, etc.
Documents can be any number of pages long and still have the same document number.
Documents can be anywhere on the Web.
Documents can be articles, letters, or briefings.
Documents can be audio, video, graphics, or text.
Documents can be containers for other documents, with arbitrary nesting.
Documents can be digitally uploaded using an Internet browser.
Documents can be e-mailed from the screen at no additional charge.
Documents can be factual, fictitious, or a combination of both.
Documents can be friend as well as foe of medical personnel.
Documents can be from any computer operating system.
Documents can be full use or trial use.
Documents can be invoices, purchase orders, survey forms etc.
Documents can be larger as the user likes.
Documents can be laser printed in colour or black and white.
Documents can be local access only, or public.
Documents can be of variable size and are stored in a large single file on the disk.
Documents can be password protected as required.
Documents can be password protected to prevent unauthorized changes.
Documents can be text, images, or programs.
Documents can be unzipped using WINZip or PKZip.
Documents can be uploaded to server and shared amongst a restricted set of users.
Documents can be very difficult to extract, too.
Documents can be web pages, web sites, text files, and other items.
Documents can come in many forms.
Documents can contain color graphics, movies, chemical structures, spectra, raw data, etc.
Documents can contain comments added by multiple reviewers.
Documents can contain embedded fonts.
Documents can contain text, images, sound, animation or even video.
Documents can contain text, pictures, sound and even movies.
Documents can either be well-formed or valid, according to the user's preference.
Documents can end up ten times smaller for faster downloads and reduced storage requirements.
Documents can exist in several versions and representations.
Documents can include official records, reports, proceedings, decisions, declarations.
Documents can include text, colour pictures, sound, and video.
Documents can include text, image files, graphics, and in some cases video and sound.
Documents can needlessly waste paper with large fonts or point sizes.
Documents can of course be multi-media made up of text, graphics, images, drawings, etc.
Documents can range from the basic plan to detailed information about it.
Documents can relate directly to databases in two main ways.
Documents can reside locally once downloaded and continue to function.
Documents can respond to user input.
Documents can serve as envelopes which point to other types of documents.
Documents can to be available in electronic form at no cost or less cost than printed copy.
Documents care according to facility policy.
Documents care accurately and timely.
Documents change in position of magnetic north pole with time.
Documents changes in requirements during the process and prepares addendums to bids.
Documents changes to the website and statistics on international and domestic users.
Documents circulate for the same periods as other library materials.
Documents circulate to faculty, staff, and students.
Documents Click on the icons to access electronic databases.
Documents come from variety sources from students seminars to master and PhD thesis.
Documents come in a hierarchy of accessibility.
Documents come in a wide variety of formats including paper, microfiche and electronic.
Documents come in many formats including books, pamphlets, periodicals, CDs, and maps.
Documents come in many forms.
Documents come in the form of articles, reports, wire stories, and even television transcripts.
Documents Concerning Depression Depression is a debilitating illness.
Documents concerning estates that go through probate court are open to the public.
Documents connect to each other by clickable hyperlinks.
Documents consist of a variety of data, information and knowledge objects.
Documents constitute strong evidence and therefore are legally sensitive.
Documents constitute the knowledge architecture and repository in an organization.
Documents contain active and editable items, and the results of computations appear in the document.
Documents contain examples.
Documents contain financial information.
Documents contain guidelines.
Documents contain hypertext links to experimental interactive mathematical tools.
Documents contain images, forms, tables, links, and etc.
Documents contain information .
Documents contain information.
Documents contain instruction.
Documents contain look statements.
Documents contain necessary instruction.
Documents contain no clear bias or purpose other than to inform.
Documents contain no other purpose than to inform.
Documents contain other hidden characters which give instructions on formatting.
Documents contain statements.
Documents containing both terms appear higher in the list.
Documents continue to be added to the document library.
Documents cover basic how-to's articles on use of center wide software.
Documents cover causes, diagnosis, treatment and prevention.
Documents covering frequently asked questions and a video are also available.
Documents created by or for the UED are also online.
Documents created by the wizards have dummy text and sample graphics.
Documents created with such information can quickly become impossible to maintain and update.
Documents created with wordprocessors typically contain hidden characters.
Documents dance from all cultures and countries.
Documents describe actions.
Documents describe common skin conditions or problems and treatment regimens.
Documents describe treatments.
Documents describing access by both instructors and students are available.
Documents describing further work are available here .
Documents describing preliminary findings from MTO research are available below.
Documents describing protocols are available on the web site.
Documents differ about which student threw the first punch.
Documents display and print with the same look as the original paper editions.
Documents display in a digital facsimile format.
Documents Displays a list of recently opened documents.
Documents Displays a list of up to the last fifteen previously opened documents.
Documents displays the most recent files that have been opened.
Documents Displays the most recent files that have been opened.
Documents distributed by companies or corporations are logos-driven.
Documents don t printcorrectly because of software or printer limitations.
Documents evolve, replacing older versions with new versions or entirely newer documents.
Documents Examining documents usually tries our perceptive abilities to the limit.
Documents exchanged by the parties establish the terms of their agreement.
Documents exist if a lump sum file was sent.
Documents exist in social, cultural, and national settings.
Documents exist that confirm ownership and control by the minority or woman individual.
Documents exist within an information space.
Documents facts to illustrate the problem and support the solution.
Documents fail to show where it ended up.
Documents filed in the courthouse often list family members and relationships.
Documents fully terminations for cause.
Documents function usage.
Documents generally carry dates on their covers, title pages, or front matter.
Documents generally concern the reconstruction, restoration, and rehabilitation of historic sites.
Documents give additional information about the current dataset.
Documents give full details of the case, including affidavits and opinions.
Documents give instruction.
Documents give overviews.
Documents going out become a word format that everyone blessed with vision sees.
Documents grow by addition, deletion, and rearranging.
Documents guard assignments within the facilities.
Documents has a wide meaning.
Documents Has numerous documents and papers on international crime.
Documents have a life cycle.
Documents have a logical structure and a layout structure.
Documents have a natural ability to automatically order knowledge into classes.
Documents have a structure , often difficult to extract.
Documents have a tree-like structure.
Documents have attractive, colorful backgrounds.
Documents have definition.
Documents have different types of relationships among themselves.
Documents have extensive information.
Documents have general application, though directed toward agricultural operations.
Documents have information.
Documents have meaning.
Documents have strict deadlines and requirements.
Documents have to be pre-paid before supply.
Documents have to be ripped apart and glued back together again.
Documents Help - The user manual is available in an online Help file.
Documents Help available once connected.
Documents Help available when connected.
Documents identified in searches, or substreams, also appear in chronological order.
Documents include information.
Documents include references.
Documents include such information.
Documents Includes Thos.
Documents indexed include articles, bibliographies, editorials, letters and reviews.
Documents indexed include resolutions, bills, joint and concurrent resolutions.
Documents indicate some potential for contamination.
Documents indicate that Anselm was about fifteen at the time.
Documents indicate that the interior marble facings originally reached up to the first cornice.
Documents inedits sur l'histoire de France , iii.
Documents intended for higher-level disciplines are at the end of the table.
Documents inviting sealed bids invariably modify the common law auction model.
Documents is available for viewing.
Documents issued by a statewide officer, includes birth certificate, car title, etc.
Documents issued in a different language have to be translated in English or German.
Documents lay flat.
Documents lays out the plan of the revoltutionaries to establish an independent nation of Mexico.
Documents lie at the interface of content, format, use, and technology.
Documents link to documents, which link to forms, which link to other servers.
Documents link to tables and charts when available and to federal Web sites in many instances.
Documents listed under a green heading are avialable for immediate downloading.
Documents lives and careers of authors from all eras and genres.
Documents marked by are most important to read.
Documents matching multiple search terms score higher.
Documents move, computers mess up, and people forget.
Documents ncstcc . .
Documents needed are the completed application, application fee and all supporting documents.
Documents needs to be in a predefined format.
Documents needs, proposes solutions, determines priorities, and schedules work.
Documents note features, styles and prices.
Documents offers a number of research articles, editorials, and journal articles.
Documents online provides full-text searchable grants database.
Documents only convey information to the reader.
Documents only package private, protected, and public classes and members.
Documents open easily and lie flat.
Documents open flat, for easier reading and a more elegant look.
Documents open flat.
Documents Opens the most recently opened and saved documents.
Documents own programming to ensure ease of future maintenance.
Documents pertaining to real estate require the complete legal descriptions of the property.
Documents physically migrate when required.
Documents play a more important role than witness testimony.
Documents play a significant role in business.
Documents prepared on the desktop are just one degree more problematic.
Documents present a greater challenge.
Documents present information.
Documents present stories.
Documents preserve design procedures.
Documents preserve original layout and design characteristics.
Documents print slowly.
Documents printed on photo paper are expensive due to the cost of the paper.
Documents processed include subscriptions, promotions, and sweepstakes entries.
Documents produced on a fax machine are of excellent quality.
Documents proofread by both native Russian and native English speaking translators for accuracy.
Documents provide assessments.
Documents provide basic overviews.
Documents provide certainty to transacting parties, capturing the terms of the agreement.
Documents provide descriptions.
Documents provide detail information.
Documents provide details.
Documents provide further guidance.
Documents provide guidance.
Documents provide historical perspective.
Documents provide information.
Documents provide more detail information.
Documents provide more information.
Documents provide overviews.
Documents provide perspective.
Documents provide recommendations.
Documents provide schematics.
Documents provide school contact information.
Documents provide the basis for recording transactions.
Documents provide verification.
Documents provides access to the authorization act, appropriations language, and quarterly reports.
Documents published by storefront companies are free to download unless otherwise stated.
Documents published on the Web are public by default.
Documents published outside the U.S. by non-U.S. citizens are a slightly different matter.
Documents range from medieval to contemporary.
Documents range from paper records to maps, photographs, and computer diskettes.
Documents range from theoretical writings to humourous plays to the minutes of a grassroots group.
Documents range on topics from Canadian history, politics, and population figures.
Documents records a single document element , which is the root of the tree.
Documents reference other documents only when required.
Documents referenced by hypertext can be in the form of text, graphics, sound, or even movies.
Documents referenced include the Laws of the Regents.
Documents reflect the emphasis placed on assimilation.
Documents reflect the reputation, struggles, and promise of an institution.
Documents reflecting that an individual is qualified to perform legal work is essential.
Documents regarding etiquette are available through specific individual networks.
Documents registered are public documents.
Documents related to that training are available .
Documents related to the hearings and the changes are available for review online .
Documents relating to logging companies are a different story.
Documents relating to Yemeni-Saudi border negotiations are also available to researchers.
Documents rely on windows.
Documents relying on imagemaps, tables, or graphics can be uninterpretable for such persons.
Documents remain in their native format and retain existing network security and user rights.
Documents remain on the report until approved by a purchase or travel auditor.
Documents remain on the Web for two weeks.
Documents remain to be signed, and the deal is subject to routine closing conditions.
Documents represent data that are being held in the filesystem somewhere.
Documents represent repetitive tasks that require a large portions of a firms time.
Documents request for tuition assistance, approval or denial of requests and repayment.
Documents require editing for clarity, good idiomatic English, and grammatically correct English.
Documents required are primarily the new company's memorandum and articles of association.
Documents required at registration include invitation and business card.
Documents required include a letter of no objection from a local sponsor.
Documents required include bylaws, articles of incorporation, stock certificates, etc.
Documents reside all across the globe and are poorly indexed and cross-referenced.
Documents results and recommends corrective action where non-compliance is found.
Documents retain complete font fidelity.
Documents retain their graphics and other formating.
Documents retrieved are by default displayed from most recent to least.
Documents reveal much more about a society than their authors intend.
Documents review findings.
Documents saved in the lab are available to the student on any computer in the school.
Documents say to Pakistan.
Documents scan best if they are typed or written clearly in black on white paper.
Documents serve as written testimony to the accuracy of the history being presented.
Documents set in columns often benefit from full justification.
Documents show for the first time that government knew about risk of supply.
Documents signed by almost every first lady are also available.
Documents span a wide range of years, including an impressive array of early material.
Documents still have to be signed through title companies.
Documents stored here are in read-only format.
Documents stored on a company intranet can have enormous value, but only if they can be found.
Documents stored on disks are easier to sort and search through.
Documents storeroom operations for billing and inventory control.
Documents submitted are frequently incomplete or incorrectly completed.
Documents suggest that the industry was happy to oblige.
Documents take a circuitous route, usually with unneeded stops and repetitive motion.
Documents take the most time.
Documents tend to evolve as the technology advances.
Documents too can provide services to Folders.
Documents typically arrive within minutes.
Documents typically required include a resume and transcripts.
Documents using fonts instead of graphics takes up less disk space and print faster.
Documents View Documents Click below to view the document.
Documents visits to a public water system.
Documents Welcome to Denali's press room.
Documents Welcome to the documents page.
Documents When sending documents, always use an overnight courier for fastest service.
Documents work in accordance with company and department guidelines.
Documents work in accordance with company and departmental guidelines.
Documents work through released reports.
Documents work with time space diagrams, schematic drawings, logic diagrams, and notes.
Documents written by experts for experts can often confuse the occasional user.
Documents written in proper HTML enhanced with style sheets give viewers freedom of choice.
Documents written in XML have a rich, hierarchical structure, the document tree.
Documents written using ttquot are readable both before and after formatting.
Documents often arrive more quickly on the second try.
Documents often obscure, rather than reveal, important gaps in subject matter information.
Documents Usually refers to government documents or publications.
All document rendering and communications control functions take place on the fax server.
All documents accessed are electronic, many in pdf format.
All documents appear in English and their original language.
All documents are .doc files.
All documents are .pdf files.
All documents are also available in Adobe Acrobat format.
All documents are also available online and as HTML documents .
All documents are available by request to the office.
All documents are available for loan or sale.
All documents are available for printing or copying.
All documents are available in .pdf format.
All documents are available in a bilingual format.
All documents are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
All documents are available in convenient, printable PDF format.
All documents are available in English, German and Latin.
All documents are available in format.
All documents are available in pdf format or in plain text format.
All documents are available in various formats.
All documents are available on our website.
All documents are available online via .pdf format.
All documents are available only during a term when the course is taught.
All documents are available to the public upon request.
All documents are available.
All documents are camera ready for printing.
All documents are closed.
All documents are complete.
All documents are completely virus free.
All documents are current unless marked otherwise.
All documents are for reference use only.
All documents are free.
All documents are full image and fully searchable.
All documents are full text copies of the exact originals in the Bulletin .
All documents are full text unless other indicated.
All documents are full-text English versions.
All documents are fully searchable.
All documents are general records and are found in books in the vault.
All documents are however only available in French.
All documents are HTML unless otherwise noted.
All documents are images of the subject.
All documents are immediately downloadable.
All documents are in .
All documents are in .doc format for easy viewing with any word processor.
All documents are in .pdf format unless other wise noted.
All documents are in .pdf format.
All documents are in .PDF format.
All Documents are in .pdf format.
All Documents are in .PDF format.
All documents are in a .pdf format.
All documents are in a book with a sturdy laminated cover.
All documents are in Adobe .pdf format .
All documents are in Adobe .pdf format.
All documents are in Adobe Acrobat format and contain contact details for the authors.
All documents are in Adobe Acrobat format, please click below to download.
All documents are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All documents are in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
All documents are in Adobe Acrobat portable document format.
All documents are in English and the host language.
All documents are in English translation.
All documents are in English unless otherwise noted.
All documents are in English.
All documents are in format unless otherwise noted.
All documents are in format.
All documents are in full text.
All documents are in full-text.
All documents are in html format unless specified.
All documents are in html format.
All documents are in HTML format.
All documents are in HTML unless otherwise indicated.
All documents are in html.
All documents are in order.
All documents are in paper format.
All documents are in pdf format unless otherwise stated.
All documents are in pdf format.
All documents are in PDF-format.
All documents are in Postscript, unless otherwise stated.
All documents are in Rich Text Format.
All documents are in the original language.
All documents are in the pdf format.
All documents are in the public domain except where noted.
All documents are in the public domain.
All documents are in Word format unless otherwise noted.
All documents are in Word format unless otherwise specified.
All documents are in Word format.
All documents are in Word unless otherwise noted.
All documents are in XML standard with planned digital signature features.
All documents are in ZIP form for faster downloads.
All documents are instantly accessible.
All documents are keyword searchable.
All documents are non-circulating.
All documents are now in HTML format.
All documents are now more accessible to employees so compliance has improved.
All Documents are OK and available.
All documents are open for inspection.
All documents are original, translations, or re-set from poor quality copies.
All documents are password protected.
All documents are PDF format unless noted.
All documents are peer-reviewed.
All documents are photocopies.
All documents are professionally and carefully produced using the latest technology.
All documents are public domain and can be downloaded and copied free.
All documents are public domain.
All documents are public information.
All documents are public unless otherwise stated.
All documents are publicly available.
All documents are searchable.
All documents are subject to change by the registry.
All documents are the property of, and are copyrighted by, their respective owners or authors.
All documents are the proprietary property of the customer.
All documents are the responsibility of their originator.
All documents are to be consulted on the premises.
All documents are to be developed and backed-up.
All documents are to be typed using left justification only.
All documents are tools.
All documents are unclassified and publicly available. .
All documents are unclassified and publicly available.
All documents are viewable in a HTML format.
All documents are works in progress.
All documents are xhtml.
All documents attached to applications are non-returnable.
All documents become property of the university.
All documents below are downloadable.
All documents below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All documents below are in pdf format unless otherwise stated.
All documents below are in pdf format.
All documents below are password protected .
All documents below are pdf files.
All documents build together the entire document.
All documents can be output to print, fax or email with one simple mouse action.
All documents can refer to the styling elements contained in a centrally located CSS file.
All documents carry a nominal charge to cover costs of copying and postage.
All documents come both printed and on computer disks, saving thousands of dollars in typing time.
All documents come in self-extracting zip files.
All documents comply with content standards.
All documents consist of content, structure and a user interface.
All documents contain individual school listings.
All documents exist as first class objects in the database server and have unique identity.
All documents face up, title up.
All documents filed are open to public inspection.
All documents filed are to be in the English language.
All documents filed in the Western District of North Carolina are available on the internet.
All documents filed with the court are public records and are available through the clerk's office.
All documents generated by the database server have a date and timestamp at the bottom.
All documents have a DTD, and can be validated against it at any time.
All documents have an unprintable area on the bottom of the page.
All documents have indepth indexing, most have abstracts and some have full text.
All documents have sequential numbering, and can be set at any number at any time.
All documents have the same date as the database is completely reloaded at each quarterly update.
All documents have the same date as the database is reloaded each time.
All documents have the same structure to ease working with several diverse data sets.
All documents have to be delivred in one time.
All documents have to be specified in categories and can be stored at the server as mentioned.
All documents here are for academic use only.
All documents here are in adobe pdf format.
All documents included here are for the use of our members.
All documents incorporated by reference are available at the address above.
All documents indexed are available full-text.
All documents involve real estate and personal property owned in northwest Ohio and Florida.
All Documents link.
All documents listed are under construction and are subject to continual updates.
All documents listed below are available over the web.
All documents listed below are in Word format.
All documents listed from the vatican are the English translations.
All documents listed here are available in hardcopy format.
All documents look similar to the reader and are contained within the same addressing scheme.
All documents matching the search are output according to their relevance ranking.
All documents much be in English.
All documents ordered are payable by the originator of the request.
All documents pertaining to installation, setup, using notes and more are available in HTML format.
All documents provided here are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All documents re arbitration to be on file prior to that date.
All documents recorded are open to the public.
All documents reflect the final editing provided by the students themselves.
All documents related to competency a The report includes employee separation data.
All documents require a notary public.
All documents require a PDF reader.
All documents require notary.
All documents retrieved in the system reside at the information provider sites.
All documents See also our press release announcing the arrival of the delegation.
All documents seen here are also available in printed format from the executive offices.
All documents sent to the campus lists go through a moderator.
All documents submitted are public records.
All documents submitted in connection with such transactions are subject to verification.
All documents submitted on behalf of a financial aid application are strictly confidential.
All documents substantiating the disbursements are to be attached.
All documents used to produce the proposed rule are a part of the administrative record.
Any Document attached to the application is to be certified by designated authorities.
Any document describing a land division is kept in Drafting, and divided per that document.
Any document has a lifecycle.
Any document is only a click away from the home page and can be electronically searched.
Any document matching template is protected.
Any document matching the template is associated with protection setup-file.
Every document belongs to the document class selected for it when it is indexed to the system.
Every document can have secure access controls.
Every document communicates something.
Every document gets a unique number.
Every document has a creator and every creator has a point of view.
Every document has a creator, and every creator has a point of view, blind spots, and biases.
Every document has a head section, which includes the title.
Every document has a navigation toolbar at the top and bottom.
Every document has an implicit firstpage and lastpage link destination.
Every document has an owner.
Every document is a member of one or more collections.
Every document is accompanied by a contextual headnote and study questions.
Every document is bar coded and forwarded to a central loan processing facility.
Every document is bates numbered and given some general indexes.
Every document is confidential.
Every document is parsed into individual words.
Every document is published in as many languages as possible.
Every document needs navigation buttons.
Every document pro knows the industry is changing.
Every document serves as a launch pad to other related documents and services.
Every document tells a story.
Every document uses a default master page.
Many documents also contain concordances.
Many documents also contain footnotes.
Many documents appear in multiple categories.
Many documents appear in several places on the Internet.
Many documents appear in the online catalog.
Many documents are also available in French and Spanish.
Many documents are also available in hardcopy format .
Many documents are also available via the Internet.
Many documents are at storage.
Many documents are available directly online via Web links.
Many documents are available for download by simply clicking on the underlined text.
Many documents are available from the Web site, though some are password-protected.
Many documents are available in electronic form as part of the database.
Many documents are available in electronic format.
Many documents are available in full text.
Many documents are available in full-text.
Many documents are available in HTML format as well.
Many documents are available in postscript format.
Many documents are available in Postscript format.
Many documents are available on microfiche.
Many documents are available online .
Many documents are available on-line free of charge.
Many documents are available online.
Many documents are available only in electronic format and microfiche.
Many documents are available only in electronic formats.
Many documents are available to be downloaded and used in classrooms.
Many documents are available to the public for inspection, copying, or via Internet.
Many documents are available using The Internet.
Many documents are content correct, but unreadable.
Many documents are free, all are inexpensive.
Many documents are free.
Many documents are freely downloadable.
Many documents are in .html and can be viewed easily with most browsers.
Many documents are in .pdf format.
Many documents are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Many documents are in full text with illustrations, covers, and title pages.
Many documents are now available on the web.
Many documents are of the public record and accessible to anyone who knows how to fill out a form.
Many documents are on microfiche.
Many documents are online.
Many documents are original sources.
Many documents are out of date before they are even printed.
Many documents are primary sources.
Many documents are simply unable to be transferred in plain text via e-mail.
Many documents are very long and filled with legal jargon and unimportant phrases.
Many documents can exist that discuss and describe the same things.
Many documents circulate.
Many documents concerning the SIG's activities are available here.
Many documents contain statistics and references to relevant federal legislation and regulations.
Many documents contribute to local land use policy.
Many documents dealing with public management issues, some are country-specific.
Many documents generated by most tools are textual tables, hard to read and use .
Many documents have content which includes formatting.
Many documents have graphic and tabular attachments.
Many documents have no ideographs at all.
Many documents have on-line equivalents.
Many documents have thousands of pages of related information.
Many documents have to be re-recorded because legal descriptions reference the wrong county.
Many documents make use of list formats, including numbered lists and bulletized lists.
Many documents provide country specific information.
Many documents relating to pupils are public domain.
Many documents still remain classified and still are listed.
More document is here and here .
More documents are available for download at .
More documents are in the book.
Most documents are a few stapled pages with little more than a letterhead as an introduction.
Most documents are a single file.
Most documents are available at a public library.
Most documents are available for circulation.
Most documents are available for download in a number of formats. .
Most documents are available for loan.
Most documents are available in both pdf and html formats.
Most documents are available in both PDF and text formats.
Most documents are available in both text and .pdf format.
Most documents are available in compressed dvi or compressed postscript form.
Most documents are available in compressed dvi or compressed postscript.
Most documents are available on our website.
Most documents are available on-line.
Most documents are compressed postscript, code examples are a tar image of compressed ascii.
Most documents are free in single quantities.
Most documents are free to staff and students.
Most documents are free, others are available for a nominal cost.
Most documents are full text.
Most documents are full-text.
Most documents are in .htm format.
Most documents are in .pdf format.
Most documents are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most documents are in Adobe Acrobat.
Most documents are in beautiful color.
Most documents are in English.
Most documents are in only one language.
Most documents are in pdf format.
Most documents are in Spanish.
Most documents are in the form of invoices, quotes, and purchase orders.
Most documents are keyword searchable.
Most documents are password protected and accessible only by students enrolled in the course.
Most documents are searchable.
Most documents are viewable on screen.
Most documents below are in format.
Most documents circulate and are checked out at the main circulation desk.
Most documents circulate for a period of three weeks, with renewal possible.
Most documents circulate to students, faculty, staff, community members and citizens.
Most documents circulate unless they are periodicals or reference resources.
Most documents circulate, and can be checked out at the Main Circulation Desk.
Most documents circulate.
Most documents consist largely of sequences of paragraphs.
Most documents contain a contact name and telephone number.
Most documents contain a physical description of the inmate and detailed sentencing information.
Most documents contain a physical description of the inmate and sentencing information.
Most documents contain examples.
Most documents contain financial information.
Most documents contain graphics and images, in addition to text.
Most documents contain guidelines.
Most documents contain information.
Most documents contain instruction.
Most documents contain look statements.
Most documents contain many paragraphs.
Most documents contain necessary instruction.
Most documents contain statements.
Most documents deal primarily with political topics.
Most documents deal with personal lifestyles.
Most documents describe actions.
Most documents describe treatments.
Most documents do well with no more than one initial, appearing at the opening of the text.
Most documents give instruction.
Most documents give overviews.
Most documents have a title.
Most documents have common elements, such as, titles, paragraphs, and lists.
Most documents have definition.
Most documents have extensive information.
Most documents have information.
Most documents have lots of simple paragraphs.
Most documents here are probably very outdated.
Most documents offered to the archives are less famous but equally welcome.
Most documents originate from questions asked of the consultants by the computing community.
Most documents posted on web pages are in some kind of compressed format.
Most documents provide assessments.
Most documents provide basic overviews.
Most documents provide descriptions.
Most documents provide detail information.
Most documents provide details.
Most documents provide further guidance.
Most documents provide guidance.
Most documents provide historical perspective.
Most documents provide information.
Most documents provide more detail information.
Most documents provide more information.
Most documents provide overviews.
Most documents provide perspective.
Most documents provide recommendations.
Most documents provided here are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most documents published by the church, i.e., weekly church-bulletin inserts, bear that date.
Most documents received by our office are public records and subject to Ohio's Public Records Act.
Most documents relate to the Revolutionary War.
Most documents require that the paper numbers be centered.
Some document are in pdf format.
Some documents above are available in Adobe Acrobat format for downloading.
Some documents also contain information on Jewish property that later was destroyed or looted.
Some documents also have supplementary material included.
Some documents also provide links to acronyms, definitions, and references.
Some documents appear in subwindows.
Some documents appear very light in color.
Some documents are a collection or set, which it makes most sense to peruse in a string.
Some documents are able to be downloaded free.
Some documents are already available as wallpaper, where noted.
Some documents are also available immediately online.
Some documents are also available in Spanish.
Some documents are also available in Word.
Some documents are also obtainable by sending an empty message to an automatic mail server.
Some documents are available as .pdf files.
Some documents are available as pdf files.
Some documents are available for direct download.
Some documents are available for download .
Some documents are available for download.
Some documents are available for free and others for a fee.
Some documents are available for online browsing.
Some documents are available for on-line viewing or download only.
Some documents are available for online viewing.
Some documents are available for purchase only.
Some documents are available free.
Some documents are available in Adobe .pdf format.
Some documents are available in Adobe Acrobat format for easy printing.
Some documents are available in English and Spanish.
Some documents are available in English.
Some documents are available in French, Portuguese, Spanish and Russian.
Some documents are available in full text.
Some documents are available in full-text format.
Some documents are available in other forms on the division's web server.
Some documents are available in pdf format.
Some documents are available on line.
Some documents are available on the Internet.
Some documents are available on the web.
Some documents are available online for free access.
Some documents are available on-line.
Some documents are available online.
Some documents are available only on microfiche.
Some documents are available throughout the community.
Some documents are available to download or for ftp.
Some documents are available to members only.
Some documents are available to the interested browser.
Some documents are availble on-line.
Some documents are better than others.
Some documents are bilingual and few are trilingual or n-lingual.
Some documents are cross-listed under more than one organization or category.
Some documents are free though many require a fee.
Some documents are hard to classify, and apply to more than one category.
Some documents are in .pdf format and some can be printed out directly from the website.
Some documents are in .pdf format.
Some documents are in .PDF format.
Some documents are in Acrobat pdf format due to the larger size of the documents.
Some documents are in Adobe Acrobat format . .
Some documents are in Adobe Acrobat format, please click below to download.
Some documents are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Some documents are in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
Some documents are in foreign languages, especially French.
Some documents are in full text.
Some documents are in HTML format.
Some documents are in pdf format.
Some documents are in Spanish.
Some documents are indexes.
Some documents are indices to other documents.
Some documents are interactive.
Some documents are journals, works in a series or annual publications.
Some documents are journals, works in a series, or annual publications.
Some documents are lists of exhibitors.
Some documents are long, multi-volume sets.
Some documents are merely a list of links.
Some documents are necessarily repetitive, though they demand some customization.
Some documents are of particular note.
Some documents are old.
Some documents are on microfiche.
Some documents are online.
Some documents are only available as microfiche.
Some documents are only available as pdf format.
Some documents are only available as PDFs.
Some documents are only available in Adobe .pdf format.
Some documents are only available with proper authentication.
Some documents are only of historic importance.
Some documents are open only to the person to whom they pertain.
Some documents are periodically updated or expanded.
Some documents are prepared and typed in draft.
Some documents are quite large.
Some documents are searchable.
Some documents are simply tutorials, others are lab exercises.
Some documents are still available here at their old URLs.
Some documents are too fragile to consult, and access to others is restricted by law.
Some documents are very large.
Some documents are viewable in text-only format, without footnotes or graphs.
Some documents are viewable online.
Some documents are written by researchers.
Some documents ask doctors to certify that there is no hope for improvement.
Some documents bear small printing defects or notations that have dating significance.
Some documents can be both primary AND secondary sources.
Some documents can become very large.
Some documents can contain both the words children plus women.
Some documents can remain stable for a very long time and then suddenly change.
Some documents carry more than one such number.
Some documents change very slowly.
Some documents consist of several hundred pages.
Some documents contain a glossary.
Some documents contain answers without questions and others have questions without answers.
Some documents contain images where a light color type is used on a dark background.
Some documents contain individual school listings.
Some documents contain recommendations.
Some documents contain well known names.
Some documents containing additional information have no navigation bar.
Some documents describe analyses.
Some documents describe biology.
Some documents describe compromises.
Some documents describe features.
Some documents describe relationships between material properties.
Some documents describe the paragraph tag as an end of paragraph marker.
Some documents establish both identity and employment eligibility.
Some documents expire with time and are either recycled or trashed.
Some documents explicitly report the use of chemical weapons.
Some documents focus on U.S. relations with other countries.
Some documents found in the library are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Some documents have approval for use by USGS contractors and for USGS internal production.
Some documents have been replaced, others remain missing.
Some documents have LCDs with negative years.
Some documents have mutilation, water damage and acid ink problems.
Some documents have no clearly specified authors.
Some documents have no expiry date because they are considered to have a long term value.
Some documents have only a sales number.
Some documents here are in English only and some are both in Russian and English.
Some documents increase awareness of misinformation regarding disease.
Some documents indicate U.S. government approval of the crackdown on demonstrators.
Some documents is available in pdf format.
Some documents linked here are password protected.
Some documents listed here are for members only.
Some documents make the relationships of the heirs more clear than others.
Some documents oversize.
Some documents predating the war are also present.
Some documents provide guidelines.
Some documents provide other tidbits of interesting information.
Some documents relate to education.
Some documents relate to effort.
Some documents report on studies of farmers' attitudes toward government policies and land use.
Some Documents Require .
Some documents require a fee for access.
Some documents require a membership password.
Some documents require a password, available from the Reference Desk.
Some documents require a tiff viewer.
Some documents require courts.
Some documents require extensive proofreading and editing.
Some documents take longer to access than others.
Some documents take time to download.
Some documents use initials, some have nicknames, and yet others spell out all the names.
Documentary evidence is especially important.
Documentary evidence is excellent.
Documentary evidence is required and is subject to check.
Documentary evidence is required to establish citizenship.
Documentary evidence is required.
All documentary evidence is to be used as a basis for checking and for possible protests.
Documentary footage is emphasized.
Documentary production is expensive but the return comes from advertising.
More documentary segments are in the works.
A documentary is a film
Documentaries are a wonderful format for comedy.
Documentaries are adrenaline and tennis shoes.
Documentaries are albums.
Documentaries are all well and good.
Documentaries are cheap to make.
Documentaries are expensive, due to the large amount of footage that has to be shot.
Documentaries are fakes.
Documentaries are hard to sell in Germany at the moment.
Documentaries are ineligible.
Documentaries are movies.
Documentaries are much cheaper to make than features.
Documentaries are our stock and trade.
Documentaries are perhaps the most common medium by which folk belief is communicated on film.
Documentaries are television programs.
Documentaries are tough.
Documentaries can accomplish that task much more effectively.
Documentaries can educate, convince, entertain, disgust, or thrill.
Documentaries can look very different though.
Documentaries comprise a good chunk of the programming.
Documentaries constitute the main preoccupation.
Documentaries deal with social issues of major significance.
Documentaries have the power to inform, provoke and enlighten.
Documentaries have the power to inform, provoke, and enlighten.
Documentaries try to present all sides of an issue.
Documentaries ultimately return to our everyday reality.
Documentaries always display a rhetoric.
Documentaries often elicit a very personal or emotional response and encourage dialogue and action.
Documentaries often tell the stories of ordinary people making an extraordinary difference.
Documentaries often use voice-overs.
Every documentary is preceded by study questions and vocabulary words.
Many documentaries are wonderfully crafted looks at a certain animal.
Most documentaries are about victims or someone who has done something very bad.
Most documentaries charge hundreds more for institutions and other public showings.
Most documentaries end up planting the camera and waiting for something to happen.
Most documentaries have the narrator tell the story.
Some documentaries show hunting wolves growling or snarling at their prey with their hackles raised.
Documentation science is a very recent thing.
Documentation strings are like comments, except that they are easier to access.
Documentation accesses a user manual, and lists of changes made between releases.
Documentation accompanies the data set which is contained in six record types.
Documentation allows a programmer to make changes effectively and efficiently.
Documentation allows patterns and trends to be evaluated, too.
Documentation also comes in the individual packages and modules within the packages.
Documentation also enables the system to be independently audited and certified.
Documentation also helps avoid plagiarism.
Documentation also is provided.
Documentation also proves problematic at times.
Documentation also remains a major issue for the usefulness of the package.
Documentation also reveals the lack of knowledge concerning the diversity of constructive systems.
Documentation appears at the front of the data.
Documentation appears sparce but adequate, but information on some variables is missing.
Documentation arises with the invention of the novel.
Documentation associated with a product is entered on the product form.
Documentation audiovisuelle et banques d'images.
Documentation bearing the leader's autograph is frustratingly elusive.
Documentation becomes a living process.
Documentation becomes an alternative means of preservation when demolition is inevitable.
Documentation belongs in the .pm file.
Documentation calls for accountability and also allows for kudos when things go right.
Documentation can also serve as a guide for software engineers as they create software.
Documentation can be a helpful defense.
Documentation can be a huge help if any questions are raised down the road.
Documentation can be available seven days a week.
Documentation can be difficult to understand.
Documentation can be formal or informal.
Documentation can be from a supervisor, contractor, building inspector, or engineer.
Documentation can be in either electronic or paper form.
Documentation can be in the form of written notes, or comments included in the software source code.
Documentation can come from a variety of sources.
Documentation can focus on information which is appropriate and important for the data.
Documentation can get wet, torn, crumpled and become generally illegible.
Documentation can include a copy of health records.
Documentation can include invoices, receipts, contracts, etc.
Documentation can include written statements and statutory declarations.
Documentation can make or break the success of many products.
Documentation can occur in a variety of ways.
Documentation can prove to be a valuable tool when trying to determine which backups to restore.
Documentation can substantiate an individual's claim to being transsexual or transgendered.
Documentation can take many forms.
Documentation can take on many forms depending on the nature of the cost sharing.
Documentation Carefully examine the working drawings.
Documentation changes More new games.
Documentation Check out the online documentation to get a better idea how to use it.
Documentation Check the memo page for more documentation on simulation progress.
Documentation Check two integers to make sure they are equal.
Documentation clearly supports the claimed disability with relevant medical and other history.
Documentation comes bundled with the script in HTML format , troff format and perlpod format.
Documentation comes from looking at the story from all angles.
Documentation comes from the idea of providing documents to authenticate research.
Documentation comes in several PDFs.
Documentation comes in the program's help files.
Documentation comes on the CD, and the program includes on-line help as well.
Documentation comes with the executable.
Documentation comprises a brochure and a video.
Documentation comprises a catalog, an explorers guide, two videos, and grand opening memorabilia.
Documentation comprises a five-page report.
Documentation comprises a page of text and a photograph.
Documentation comprises a project report, flyers, a magazine article, photographs, and a video.
Documentation comprises a text report and the video.
Documentation comprises a text report, park booklet, photos, and a video.
Documentation comprises a video and photographs.
Documentation comprises one page of text and a photo.
Documentation comprises the keepsake book.
Documentation concerning the founding of the group is sparse.
Documentation consists of a detailed booklet.
Documentation consists of a number of HTML files.
Documentation consists of a page of text and a photograph.
Documentation consists of a small installation card and online manuals.
Documentation consists of a thin yet thorough pamphlet.
Documentation consists of a tutorial .
Documentation consists of explanatory remarks and comments for the program.
Documentation consists of one thin manual that covers the basics.
Documentation consists of pamphlets from component manufacturers.
Documentation consists of product user manuals and some technical manuals.
Documentation consists only of online help, and it's only fair.
Documentation constitutes the basis for determining reasonable accommodations.
Documentation Contained within the CD package is a Getting Started manual.
Documentation contains required and recommended setup.
Documentation covers both our work and the components provided from other vendors.
Documentation creates credibility and reduces uncertainty and abstraction for the reader.
Documentation denoted by the serialData tag is processed.
Documentation depends on the audience.
Documentation describing the file format is included.
Documentation describing the service is still to be written.
Documentation describing the usage of the program is under the directory Doc.
Documentation describing unreleased products is confidential.
Documentation desperately needs updating.
Documentation detailing the specifics of the compression situation is required.
Documentation directs most therapeutic intervention.
Documentation Document each step in a lab notebook or binder.
Documentation does impact the quality of care given.
Documentation Enter news.csus.edu as the news server and sfsu.edu as the mail server during setup.
Documentation exists that establishes that church as the first.
Documentation exists, but never seems to be complete.
Documentation Find out what the results mean .
Documentation Fix the FAQ entry for DNS configuration problems.
Documentation Follow the conventions discussed above and in class.
Documentation follows modules.
Documentation generally consists of bibliography, footnotes, credits, sources, or quotations.
Documentation Get it in writing.
Documentation gives a kind of immortality, and preserves details that are fogotten over the years.
Documentation gives full and careful credit to sources of data and ideas.
Documentation goes back six or seven years.
Documentation goes digital.
Documentation grows exponentially with the size of the project.
Documentation guides users in learning the systems.
Documentation has to be a major focus for both managers and the clinical staff.
Documentation has to be meticulous'.
Documentation has to occur prior to the time the lamb crop is born.
Documentation has two meanings.
Documentation includes a codebook and questionnaire, both in Portuguese.
Documentation includes a description of purpose of the main program.
Documentation includes a detailed codebook.
Documentation includes a detailed lesson plan.
Documentation includes a festival brochure, park brochures, and photographs.
Documentation includes a five-page report, newspaper and magazine articles, and photos.
Documentation includes a legacy report photographs and a video.
Documentation includes a legacy report, photos, slides, and newspaper article.
Documentation includes a legacy report, six slides, a photo, and a media kit.
Documentation includes a manifest, installation instructions, and coding guidelines for the library.
Documentation includes a manifest, installation instructions, and coding standards for the library.
Documentation includes a nicely designed manual, and comes with a 'getting started' guide.
Documentation includes a project report and historic photos.
Documentation includes a project report, brochures, a video and photograph.
Documentation includes a report and brochure.
Documentation includes a report and photographs.
Documentation includes a report, brochure, program and photos.
Documentation includes a report, photographs and newspaper clippings.
Documentation includes a short reference manual and a full reference manual .
Documentation includes a short text, photographs and a newspaper clipping.
Documentation Includes a substantial collection of Computing documentation.
Documentation includes a text report and newspaper articles.
Documentation includes a text report, historic photos, and a video.
Documentation includes a text report, photographs and a video.
Documentation includes a text report, photographs.
Documentation includes a text report, photos and a festival program.
Documentation includes a text report, photos, and video.
Documentation includes a text report, slides, and articles.
Documentation includes a text report, written lyrics, and a recording of the song.
Documentation includes a user manual and a class reference.
Documentation includes aircraft types, dates of movements and registration numbers.
Documentation includes an affidavit of financial support and a confidential bank statement.
Documentation includes an explanation of how weather works in the game.
Documentation includes articles, two games and festival programs, and slides.
Documentation includes birth certificate, certificate of marriage intentions and other forms.
Documentation includes composers, titles, publishers, and date.
Documentation includes confirmation vouchers, brochures, relevant information and maps.
Documentation includes copies.
Documentation includes detailed data sheets and application notes.
Documentation includes each participant's name, social security number and certificate number.
Documentation includes evaluation, findings, progress, goals and recommendations.
Documentation includes facility layouts, cabling, and technical library.
Documentation includes festival brochures, photographs, a newspaper festival insert and articles.
Documentation includes hypertext linking and Find and Find Again capabilities.
Documentation includes manual pages and a user's guide.
Documentation includes marking quotations as well providing notes, citations, and a reference list.
Documentation Includes math department specific documentation.
Documentation includes media releases and comment and assesment of government policy.
Documentation includes newspaper and magazine articles, photographs and a video.
Documentation includes newspaper clippings, a video documentary, and a T-shirt.
Documentation includes notes about the piece, any relevant graphics, screensnaps, scores, code, etc.
Documentation includes notes taken during interviews and while checking references.
Documentation includes numerous newspaper and magazine articles, promotional material, and posters.
Documentation includes one photo and a flyer.
Documentation includes one photograph and a fact sheet.
Documentation includes online and context-sensitive help.
Documentation includes original owner's manual and service records.
Documentation includes park brochures and photographs.
Documentation includes photocopies or certified statements of fact.
Documentation includes photographs and a report tracing the history of the festival.
Documentation includes photographs and brochures.
Documentation includes photographs.
Documentation includes screen shots.
Documentation includes specific information outlined on application cover sheet.
Documentation includes tools for measuring, drawing, and modeling existing buildings.
Documentation includes two park anniversary magazines.
Documentation includes two photographs and a fact sheet.
Documentation includes two project reports and photographs.
Documentation includes user and administration sections.
Documentation includes user's instructions, theory, and a description of the example problems.
Documentation includes variable descriptions and footnotes for the variable codes.
Documentation includes video taping, still photography, and scale diagrams or drawings.
Documentation including passport, visas, re-entry permit etc is the responsibility of the winner.
Documentation indicates appropriate use of needs assessment process.
Documentation indicates there is adequate milk production.
Documentation indicates there is the potential for adequate milk production.
Documentation insures that the land manager has systematically inspected the area for hazards.
Documentation involves a patchy array of component manuals.
Documentation involves citations and references.
Documentation involves the use of different specialized cameras for different areas of the eye.
Documentation involves videotaping, photographing, and note-taking.
Documentation is a bit confusing since there are many search options.
Documentation is a company asset.
Documentation is a different matter.
Documentation is a factor in the provision of quality care.
Documentation is a fantastic thing, folks.
Documentation is a few years old.
Documentation is a fundamental, but often neglected, aspect of the purchasing process.
Documentation is a glorious thing.
Documentation is a good thing.
Documentation is a key issue in keeping the software architecture.
Documentation is a key part of corrective action.
Documentation is a key part of proving a case.
Documentation is a major part of the listening.
Documentation is a mandatory element of any inventory.
Documentation is a means of assuring accuracy in reconstructing events.
Documentation is a means of providing a record of an occurrence.
Documentation is a necessary part of practice and reimbursement.
Documentation is a one time process.
Documentation is a persnickety part of writing, but it is worth the effort.
Documentation is a potential problem in end-user computing.
Documentation is a problem.
Documentation is a rare find.
Documentation is a real problem in the embedded systems community.
Documentation is a requirement of membership.
Documentation is a specific set of instructions for operating and maintaining computer programs.
Documentation is a thankless job.
Documentation is a thin, but informative printed manual.
Documentation is a very important aspect of any project.
Documentation is a very important part of any scientific expedition.
Documentation is a waste of time and effort.
Documentation is above average.
Documentation is acceptable, well-organized and indexed.
Documentation is accessible through the help menu.
Documentation is accessible through the menu.
Documentation is accessible to the non expert.
Documentation is achieved using a bibliography and footnotes.
Documentation is adequate, comprised of a small instruction booklet.
Documentation is adequate.
Documentation is all available in the production area of the simulation web page.
Documentation is also a component of other categories as appropriate.
Documentation is also a little on the lite side.
Documentation is also a supportive tool in safety programme.
Documentation is also a tutorial on computer circuitry.
Documentation is also a vital part of the piercing practice.
Documentation is also a vital part of the training mixture.
Documentation is also an important part of the profession's body of knowledge.
Documentation is also available by routine on individual man pages.
Documentation is also available here.
Documentation is also available in Postscript format.
Documentation is also available in separate downloads.
Documentation is also available inside the program.
Documentation is also available on a CD or in a printed format.
Documentation is also available online .
Documentation is also available online here .
Documentation is also available on-line in postscript , pdf and html formats.
Documentation is also available on-line.
Documentation is also available online.
Documentation is also available which details how the plotted quantities are computed.
Documentation is also available, including easy math and bibliography.
Documentation is also available.
Documentation is also critical in such situations.
Documentation is also crucial in business planning, gaining financing and other growth issues.
Documentation is also in electronic form and is included in the distribution package.
Documentation is also on a file.
Documentation is also online.
Documentation is also poor.
Documentation is also readily available online.
Documentation is also shockingly slim.
Documentation is also varied.
Documentation is also very good, including everything important.
Documentation is always desirable.
Documentation is ample, and most commands are easy to figure out.
Documentation is an essential component of good scholarship.
Documentation is an essential element of plan preparation.
Documentation is an essential step in the process of addressing unsafe practice situations.
Documentation is an excellent tool for reflection.
Documentation is an important part of the judging.
Documentation is an important part of the recreational therapist's job.
Documentation is an important responsability of the institute and the library.
Documentation is an integral part of any product or service in today s market.
Documentation is an integral part of design.
Documentation is annoying, but critical.
Documentation is another advantage.
Documentation is approaching completion.
Documentation is appropriate in context and correct.
Documentation is at apache.org .
Documentation is at the artist's discretion but slides, photographs or video tape is preferred.
Documentation is attached as a documentation string to the method object .
Documentation is attached to access-fn as a documentation string of kind setf .
Documentation is attached to name as a documentation string of kind type .
Documentation is attached.
Documentation is automatically updated without requiring additional effort.
Documentation is avaialble online with the juniper documentation.
Documentation is available .
Documentation is available as a users manual and lots of examples.
Documentation is available as a zip file .
Documentation is available as help files in the software.
Documentation is available as perldoc in the .pm files.
Documentation is available as printed manuals or electronic documents.
Documentation is available as well.
Documentation is available at our documentation website.
Documentation is available at the developer's Website.
Documentation is available at the same location as COMP.TXT .
Documentation is available at the site as well.
Documentation is available at the site.
Documentation is available at various locations .
Documentation is available below.
Documentation is available directly.
Documentation is available electronically with the software download.
Documentation is available for both.
Documentation is available for education.
Documentation is available for everyone, including non-support subscribers.
Documentation is available for installing mtools.
Documentation is available for some software.
Documentation is available for students and instructors.
Documentation is available for students to use, but no instruction is available on programs use.
Documentation is available for teens fulfilling community service requirements.
Documentation is available for the genetic description language to assist music analysis.
Documentation Is available for viewing.
Documentation is available from maccvs.org .
Documentation is available from the gimp home page.
Documentation is available from the navigation bar.
Documentation is available from the normal sources.
Documentation is available from the URL above, and is also included in the package.
Documentation is available from the Wilson Help Desk for the major newsreaders.
Documentation is available from within grace.
Documentation is available from within patran.
Documentation is available here .
Documentation is available here.
Documentation is available in a choice of formats, ie.
Documentation is available in all cases, as are links to vendor sites.
Documentation is available in alternative formats.
Documentation is available in both French and English.
Documentation is available in dvips.ps.Z .
Documentation is available in English and French.
Documentation is available in English or Chinese.
Documentation is available in English, French, or German.
Documentation is available in English, French, Portuguese, Spanish.
Documentation is available in German and English.
Documentation is available in German only.
Documentation is available in other formats here here .
Documentation is available in pdf format and postscript format .
Documentation is available in racks in most of the workstation labs.
Documentation is available in relevant departmental files.
Documentation is available in separate files.
Documentation is available in Spanish and English.
Documentation is available in the download and online.
Documentation is available in the form of man pages so type man ssh or man sshd for more info.
Documentation is available in the form of manual pages and a HTML tree.
Documentation is available in the form of quick reference guides and educational bulletins.
Documentation is available in the hugs-doc package.
Documentation is available in the Product Documentation area.
Documentation is available in the program or in the applets web page.
Documentation is available in the source files.
Documentation is available locally .
Documentation is available locally.
Documentation is available off-site.
Documentation is available on audio tape, computer disk, and print.
Documentation is available on disk, on-line, and as hard copy.
Documentation is available on from the gimp home page.
Documentation is available on line.
Documentation is available on our intranet.
Documentation is available on our web server.
Documentation is available on request.
Documentation is available on tape, disk, and standard print.
Documentation is available on the documents for download page.
Documentation is available on the following topics.
Documentation is available on the use of the dial-in service.
Documentation is available online .
Documentation is available online for all the verbs found within it.
Documentation is available online for the following products.
Documentation is available online in two different formats.
Documentation is available online, via the Web.
Documentation is available on-line.
Documentation is available online.
Documentation is available per routine via individual man pages.
Documentation is available separately.
Documentation is available there, as well.
Documentation is available through the campus bookstore, library, and computer center.
Documentation is available through the software help files.
Documentation is available to the campus through the SAS Online Doc .
Documentation is available upon request.
Documentation is available via man fft.
Documentation is available via the download area.
Documentation is available via the man page .
Documentation is available via the web site.
Documentation is available via web browser.
Documentation is available with the application.
Documentation is available with the data.
Documentation is available with the distribution.
Documentation is available with the paper manual, on the cd in Acrobat format and online.
Documentation is available, and examples are illustrative.
Documentation is available, too.
Documentation is available.
Documentation is based on herbarium specimens and authoritative peer-reviewed literature.
Documentation is based on predetermined standards of practice.
Documentation is beneficial.
Documentation is built in, and the manual is available on-line here .
Documentation is built in.
Documentation is built right in.
Documentation is built-in.
Documentation is buried in there somewhere.
Documentation is by whoever was kind enough to document their functions.
Documentation is certainly essential to ensure that students get appropriate and necessary services.
Documentation is charged differently than objects.
Documentation is cited by customers as some of the best in the industry.
Documentation is complete and consistent.
Documentation is complete, and setup and installation are quick and easy.
Documentation is complete, if a little scattered.
Documentation is complex but necessary for work to survive.
Documentation is comprehensive and complete and includes informed consent.
Documentation is comprehensive, multidisciplinary and ongoing, with regular review of care plans.
Documentation is comprehensive.
Documentation is concise and easy to read.
Documentation is confirmation
Documentation is confirmation.
Documentation is considered confidential and can only be released by the student's written consent.
Documentation is considered confidential and subject to a release of information.
Documentation is contained in the source file.
Documentation is contained in their respective directories.
Documentation is contained within the distribution.
Documentation is contained within the distributions.
Documentation is contained within the on-line help.
Documentation is contained within the script.
Documentation is critical for most awards.
Documentation is critical in any employee disciplinary action.
Documentation is critical.
Documentation is crucial if problems and misunderstandings arise.
Documentation is crucial in the process.
Documentation is crucial to a successful internship experience.
Documentation is crucial.
Documentation is currently a bunch of .txt file in the root of the distribution directory.
Documentation is currently in available along with the latest distribution diskette.
Documentation is currently in progress.
Documentation is currently machine readable only.
Documentation is currently rather sparse .
Documentation is currently under revision.
Documentation is currently very sketchy.
Documentation is curretly rather sparse .
Documentation is detailed for advanced users but is awkward for new people.
Documentation is difficult to understand.
Documentation is distributed along with the program.
Documentation is due at the time of submission of the late report.
Documentation is easy to find, easy to read and thorough.
Documentation is easy to hate, time-consuming, and hard to complete.
Documentation is embedded as comments in the program files.
Documentation is enclosed.
Documentation is encouraged.
Documentation is English only.
Documentation is entirely in Portuguese.
Documentation is especially important here as most macro languages are difficult to read.
Documentation is essential before a support relationship can begin.
Documentation is essential but rather low-profile, so many view it as a non glamorous job.
Documentation is essential component of good writing.
Documentation is essential for producing accurate performance evaluations.
Documentation is essential for reimbursement.
Documentation is essential in a genealogist's quest.
Documentation is essential in seeking redress, particularly legal redress.
Documentation is essential throughout the process.
Documentation is essential to knowledge sharing and long term support.
Documentation is essential.
Documentation is excellent and also available.
Documentation is excellent and support is accessible and very knowledgable.
Documentation is excellent, and a CD-ROM with drivers and utility programs is included.
Documentation is excellent, but a short tutorial is direly needed.
Documentation is excellent, clear and very detailed.
Documentation is excellent, with many screen shots, examples and explanations in the three manuals.
Documentation is excellent.
Documentation is expensive, and very little on-line documentation is provided.
Documentation is extensive and clear .
Documentation is extensive and clear.
Documentation is extensive and well-written, and online help is similarly strong.
Documentation is extensive in the book, and arguments are clearly stated and easy to understand.
Documentation is extensive, and every port and interface is colour coded.
Documentation is extensive.
Documentation is extra.
Documentation is extremely important because it enables members to track their progress.
Documentation is fair but largely unnecessary.
Documentation is fair to excellent.
Documentation is famous for being left as the last task, or never finished.
Documentation is first class.
Documentation is for all income.
Documentation is found here .
Documentation is frequently in both Chinese and English.
Documentation is frequently more impressive than sheer personal opinion.
Documentation is gathered on income, expenses, assets and liabilities.
Documentation is generally at the end of a book, article, or Web page.
Documentation is generally available as part of the application itself.
Documentation is generally good, but with some glaring omissions.
Documentation is generated automatically from the source code.
Documentation is generated directly from the source code itself, so they are always in sync.
Documentation is given in the file.
Documentation is god.
Documentation is good and on site support adequate.
Documentation is good and performance benchmarks prove it's a speedy upgrade.
Documentation is good.
Documentation is helpful and includes good examples.
Documentation is here .
Documentation is highly recommended.
Documentation is HTML pages, available in the installation package and online.
Documentation is important for a student who has consistently needed adaptations.
Documentation is important in establishing a care plan for each resident.
Documentation is important regardless of the model of health care.
Documentation is important.
Documentation is improved and allows for quick reference to dates and times.
Documentation is improved.
Documentation is in a bad shape.
Documentation is in a sorry state.
Documentation is in Acrobat.
Documentation is in better shape but a lot of work remains.
Documentation is in both .html and .pdf formats.
Documentation is in development.
Documentation is in Dutch, German, Spanish, and English.
Documentation is in English, French, Spanish, Japanese, German and Portuguese.
Documentation is in German only.
Documentation is in hard copy and electronic form, with more emphasis on electronic in the future.
Documentation is in newmata.txt, newmatb.txt and newmatc.txt.
Documentation is in pfbk.txt .
Documentation is in plain text format.
Documentation is in preparation.
Documentation is in process.
Documentation is in progress.
Documentation is in source code.
Documentation is in Spanish or Portuguese.
Documentation is in testing phase.
Documentation is in testing stage.
Documentation is in text format.
Documentation is in the conf file for that one right now.
Documentation is in the file Luminance.h.
Documentation is in the header files.
Documentation is in the header of the file.
Documentation is in the kits.
Documentation is in the locker.
Documentation is in the postgresql-doc package.
Documentation is in the proofreading stage.
Documentation is in the script itself .
Documentation is in the source code only.
Documentation is in the source files themselves.
Documentation is in the source.
Documentation is in the subdirectory docs.
Documentation is in the zip file.
Documentation is inadequate or non-existent.
Documentation is included in all archives.
Documentation is included in both source and binary distributions.
Documentation is included in each self-extracting file.
Documentation is included in electronic format on the CD-ROM with the software.
Documentation is included in electronic format.
Documentation is included in html format.
Documentation is included in modules and scripts.
Documentation is included in the .zip file.
Documentation is included in the archive.
Documentation is included in the distribution in the form of man pages.
Documentation is included in the distribution.
Documentation is included in the Log.pm module in pod format.
Documentation is included in the package together with licence information .
Documentation is included in the program.
Documentation is included in the setup file.
Documentation is included in the spreadsheet.
Documentation is included in the zip files, but can be downloaded directly from here .
Documentation is included in the zipped file.
Documentation is included into Opal programs in form of particularly marked comments.
Documentation is included on disk.
Documentation is included on the box, but it is possible to just pick up the game and play.
Documentation is included on the disc.
Documentation is included on the disk.
Documentation is included online.
Documentation is included which shows the research base for the curriculum.
Documentation is included with each download.
Documentation is included with each piece.
Documentation is included with source code for all customization work.
Documentation is included with the code in the notebooks.
Documentation is included with the purchase.
Documentation is included with the release.
Documentation is included, and it's all free.
Documentation is included.
Documentation is incomplete and varies greatly from program to program.
Documentation is incomplete and very, very sparse.
Documentation is information.
Documentation is inside the file.
Documentation is inside the package.
Documentation is interpretation.
Documentation is isolated in many different locations and formats.
Documentation is kept on the case.
Documentation is key here.
Documentation is key iii.
Documentation is key to demonstrating the effectiveness of a provider's compliance program.
Documentation is key to staying on track and evaluating progress.
Documentation is key to understanding any product.
Documentation is keyword searchable.
Documentation is kinda messy and hard to figure out.
Documentation is less trouble to do well.
Documentation is likely to be quite good.
Documentation is limited to a simple printed manual and rudimentary on-line help.
Documentation is limited to listing of format and variables.
Documentation is limited to that which has been designated for public viewing.
Documentation is logical, concise and error free.
Documentation is lucid and well partitioned.
Documentation is made by notes, sketches and photographs.
Documentation is maintained as provided by the vendor or principal users.
Documentation is maintained if resources are available.
Documentation is maintained in client records and staffing minutes.
Documentation is mandatory.
Documentation is minimal and the transactions are totally confidential.
Documentation is minimal but adequate.
Documentation is minimal.
Documentation is more than adequate.
Documentation is much more detailed than seen with other kit manufacturers.
Documentation is nearly complete.
Documentation is nearly non-existant and what is provided is very sketchy and missing in detail.
Documentation is necessary because it provides the justification for appropriate accommodations.
Documentation is necessary for every disability.
Documentation is necessary for name changes.
Documentation is necessary to be included on the records list.
Documentation is necessary to explain the specific criteria used to determine the grade earned.
Documentation is necessary.
Documentation is needed for a make-up midterm exam.
Documentation is needed for a name change.
Documentation is needed for two reasons.
Documentation is needed ONLY to support the proposed enhancements.
Documentation is negligible.
Documentation is never a solo project.
Documentation is non-circulating.
Documentation is non-existent.
Documentation is noticeably sparse too.
Documentation is now available in english and french.
Documentation is now available online in HTML form.
Documentation is now available.
Documentation is now entirely in HTML format, and available online.
Documentation is now in HTML format.
Documentation is now necessary.
Documentation is now paritally on-line.
Documentation is now remnants of ashes buried beneath asphalt pavings.
Documentation is obtained to support the entertainment expenses.
Documentation is of great importance to any complaint.
Documentation is offered in several formats.
Documentation is often scarce.
Documentation is okay.
Documentation is on a file.
Documentation is on disk.
Documentation is on file at school.
Documentation is on the disc.
Documentation is on the disk in a text file.
Documentation is on the diskette.
Documentation is on the web.
Documentation is on third diskette.
Documentation is on-line .
Documentation is online .
Documentation is online in HTML format and is available by clicking here .
Documentation is online in html or postscript .
Documentation is online through the insight library.
Documentation is on-line.
Documentation is online.
Documentation is only a first step in producing successful software.
Documentation is only for the technically adept.
Documentation is only the symptom.
Documentation is organized and clearly written.
Documentation is outstanding.
Documentation is over-exposed to provide detail.
Documentation is packaged separately.
Documentation is photocopied on a cost-recovery basis.
Documentation is poor, sound is average, but the speedy song transfers makes up for it.
Documentation is poor.
Documentation is prepared by the freight forwarder based on information that the company provides.
Documentation is prepared for each unit of code, each subsystem and the entire system.
Documentation is present to substantiate codes assigned.
Documentation is presented to the judge.
Documentation is pretty good and comes in HTML format.
Documentation is pretty good.
Documentation is pretty thorough.
Documentation is professional and complete, and extensive online help also is available.
Documentation is professional and very well thought-out.
Documentation is provided and follow up support is provided where necessary.
Documentation is provided as a file.
Documentation is provided by the program.
Documentation is provided electronically in HTML format on the media containing the software.
Documentation is provided electronically, as well as in paper format for use while in the labs.
Documentation is provided explaining the data and how to view and query it.
Documentation is provided for all major plants with care and feeding instructions included.
Documentation is provided for all versions of their software.
Documentation is provided in Adobe Acrobat format.
Documentation is provided in alternative formats.
Documentation is provided in an extensive context-sensitive online help system.
Documentation is provided in an online format.
Documentation is provided in an online help file.
Documentation is provided in four parts.
Documentation is provided in HTML format and only requires a frames-capable browser to view.
Documentation is provided in on-line or electronic format only.
Documentation is provided in on-line or electronic format.
Documentation is provided in ps,dvi and text format.
Documentation is provided in separate files.
Documentation is provided in the 'doc' directory.
Documentation is provided in the patch log.
Documentation is provided in the product's online help.
Documentation is provided in the source.
Documentation is provided in the User Guides.
Documentation is provided in three Acrobat files.
Documentation is provided on how to install.
Documentation is provided on specific gangs and their affiliation.
Documentation is provided on the history and volume of the trade.
Documentation is provided on the page.
Documentation is provided online.
Documentation is provided only as a tutoral guide to assist in running the programs.
Documentation is provided through career portfolios.
Documentation is provided through on-line help in Spanish.
Documentation is provided to host newspapers.
Documentation is provided with the distribution file.
Documentation is provided within the application .
Documentation is provided, and custom-formatted.
Documentation is provided.
Documentation is quick and easy.
Documentation is quite complete.
Documentation is readable and thorough, with good basic and advanced tutorial projects.
Documentation is readily available on the curl web site.
Documentation is readily available, as well as many other means of supporting their user base.
Documentation is readily available.
Documentation is released on an as needed basis for current versions.
Documentation is requested and regarded quite favorably.
Documentation is requested for all unusual bird sightings.
Documentation is required as outlined in the Teacher Education Handbook.
Documentation is required at time of application.
Documentation is required before accommodations are made.
Documentation is required before accommodations can be provided.
Documentation is required confirming the difficulty.
Documentation is required for a make-up test.
Documentation is required for all absences.
Documentation is required for all excused absences.
Documentation is required for all graded homework.
Documentation is required for all methods.
Documentation is required for all purchases and credits.
Documentation is required for all student registrations.
Documentation is required for all tuition forfeiture petitions.
Documentation is required for auditing purposes.
Documentation is required for changes of name and student number.
Documentation is required for each training.
Documentation is required for excused absences.
Documentation is required for extensions without penalty.
Documentation is required for first time claims.
Documentation is required for non-classroom hour instructor costs, travel, and per diem.
Documentation is required for registration fees.
Documentation is required for verification.
Documentation is required from counselors when they apply for certification or recertification.
Documentation is required if the student wishes to retake a quiz or exam due to an emergency.
Documentation is required in addition to the paper.
Documentation is required in advance to claim excess meals.
Documentation is required in order to grant eligibility for disability related services.
Documentation is required in order to schedule an alternative time for a test.
Documentation is required only if the student has denied the academic dishonesty.
Documentation is required prior to payment.
Documentation is required so corrective action can be taken.
Documentation is required to be dated within the year of fee exemption.
Documentation is required to be maintained by the school nurse.
Documentation is required to enroll a same-sex spousal equivalent.
Documentation is required to receive reimbursement.
Documentation is required to secure the release of all student employees.
Documentation is required to send to the credit bureaus.
Documentation is required to show a history of repeated disruption.
Documentation is required to substantiate any exemptions claimed on the monthly report.
Documentation is required to verify that a student has a learning disability.
Documentation is required to verify their eligibility.
Documentation is required to verify what is described in the essays.
Documentation is required.
Documentation is revisited.
Documentation is scarce and both relationships and vital data is subject to correction.
Documentation is scarce at the moment.
Documentation is scarce but the interface is simple.
Documentation is scarce though.
Documentation is scarce.
Documentation is scattered throughout the distribution.
Documentation is sent out the week after the conference runs.
Documentation is sent to the business office along with the charge.
Documentation is shelved in the government publications stacks unless otherwise noted.
Documentation is simpler and more flexible than other sources of capital such as debt and equity.
Documentation is sketchy.
Documentation is skimpy when it comes to implementing advanced features.
Documentation is sloppy.
Documentation is sold on a payment with order basis.
Documentation is sold separately.
Documentation is sparse but adequate.
Documentation is sparse but effective.
Documentation is sparse but sufficient, and the online manual is generic but helpful.
Documentation is sparse right now.
Documentation is sparse, but gameplay is straightforward.
Documentation is sparse.
Documentation is standard procedure, and data are routinely verified.
Documentation is standardized, and both buyer and seller assume counterparty risk.
Documentation is still incomplete.
Documentation is still limited, but being worked on.
Documentation is still under construction for the class library.
Documentation is stored in locked storage cabinets, outside a visitor's view.
Documentation is straightforward and accurate.
Documentation is suffcient and clearly written.
Documentation is sufficiently detailed and clearly written.
Documentation is superb.
Documentation is supplemented with oral histories, photographs and videotape.
Documentation is supplied as doc files.
Documentation is supplied in English, French and German.
Documentation is supplied on CD-ROM and in printed manuals.
Documentation is supplied through a detailed bibliography of source materials.
Documentation is supplied to all new starters.
Documentation is terrible.
Documentation is terse but adequate.
Documentation is the antibiotic that cures many things.
Documentation is the backbone of any formal and legal action.
Documentation is the best protection.
Documentation is the bridge between individual and organizational knowledge.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Documentation is the continuum of care.
Documentation is the KEY for showing compliance.
Documentation is the key to accountability.
Documentation is the key to any form of disposition.
Documentation is the key to investigative inquiry.
Documentation is the key to proving a discrimination case.
Documentation is the key.
Documentation is the lifeblood of every healthcare delivery system.
Documentation is the most effective protection for any lawsuit, whether it's offensive or defensive.
Documentation is the necessary remedy.
Documentation is the old-tech, ugly little sister.
Documentation is the one part of the project, providing packages foreach software the other.
Documentation is the process of giving recognition to someone for using their ideas and research.
Documentation is the responsibility of the approving authority.
Documentation is the same as required for the purpose of medical treatment abroad.
Documentation is the sole responsibility of the applicant.
Documentation is the standard.
Documentation is the verification of specific learning experiences.
Documentation is the written, visual, audio and electronic information about a place.
Documentation is to a corporation, what long term memory is to an individual.
Documentation is to be retained by the agency for auditing purposes.
Documentation is to be used only for the purpose intended by the providers of the documents.
Documentation is translated into many languages.
Documentation is under development.
Documentation is unsatisfactory.
Documentation is updated continuously, as the design and code change.
Documentation is updated to reflect the changes.
Documentation is updated, and now provided in pdf format.
Documentation is used by institutions when they are considering applicants for course places.
Documentation is used to avoid plagiarism.
Documentation is used to improve discourse by serving as a database for reflective teaching.
Documentation is used to install real planning tools as well as discover trends and patterns.
Documentation is usually and primarily a subcontract within a larger project.
Documentation is usually at the end of a book, article, or Web page.
Documentation is usually bulky.
Documentation is validations.
Documentation is vast and spread out all over.
Documentation is very brief.
Documentation is very complete, and installation went smoothly.
Documentation is very good, concise and to the point, without being to a bore to read.
Documentation is very good.
Documentation is very hard to come by as well.
Documentation is very important from the very beginning.
Documentation is very important in accounting and in software consulting.
Documentation is very important, almost as important as the code itself.
Documentation is very important.
Documentation is very straight forward.
Documentation is very thorough.
Documentation is via hard copies.
Documentation is vital to the delivery of counseling services.
Documentation is vitally important in protesting a claim.
Documentation is weak here.
Documentation is weak.
Documentation is well-organized, clear to the user and provides sufficient information.
Documentation is what makes the arm's- length standard work.
Documentation is within.
Documentation is work, and perhaps that separates the casual genealogist from the serious one.
Documentation is written primarily when it becomes necessary.
Documentation is written using specially-marked comments.
Documentation is, at best, inadequate, and at worst, frighteningly poor.
Documentation isa information.
Documentation lacks sufficient detail to allow for proper audit.
Documentation Learn how to use the equipment in Groundworks.
Documentation makes possible review and approval of financial forecasts by the responsible party.
Documentation needs a lot of work.
Documentation needs being identified.
Documentation needs to address the following eight areas.
Documentation needs to be added on how to write setup modules.
Documentation needs to be added, too.
Documentation needs to be completed and a few things tightened up in the source code.
Documentation needs to be objective.
Documentation needs to be out to schools as early as possible.
Documentation needs to be standardized for all types of carriers.
Documentation needs to be targeted and well-designed.
Documentation needs to be written from experiences.
Documentation needs to follow discussion with the patient.
Documentation Never remove documentation from the machine rooms.
Documentation normally includes internal or external requisitions.
Documentation now includes an index.
Documentation now prints properly and scrolls much more quickly.
Documentation only comes in handy for making future modifications.
Documentation only goes so far.
Documentation only requires proof of certification by another certifying body.
Documentation ought to be getting back to normal.
Documentation plays a special and critical role in grading, as described below.
Documentation plays a vital role in software development.
Documentation plays an important role in the piece.
Documentation pre and post reversion to see if number of hours have changed.
Documentation precludes selective memory.
Documentation provided by depositors of new accessions needs to be improved.
Documentation provided by family members, immediate or otherwise, is unacceptable.
Documentation provides youth with an accurate picture of their conflicts.
Documentation ranges from none to thoroughly professional.
Documentation Read the latest documentation.
Documentation regarding a specific disability is required for accommodation arrangements.
Documentation regarding chip location, however, is often poor or nonexistent.
Documentation regarding corrective action is considered part of the student's record.
Documentation regarding illness is kept by the course instructor until final marks are submitted.
Documentation regarding the applicant's financial status is required.
Documentation regarding transcription of student answers is required.
Documentation regarding value is required.
Documentation related to planning is very important.
Documentation relating to the appointment is included in the docket material.
Documentation remains our primary link in seeking reimbursement from our intermediaries.
Documentation represents enriching experiences.
Documentation requires a letter of verification on letterhead from the applicant's supervisor.
Documentation requires judging the effectiveness and efficiency of programs through evaluation.
Documentation requires the use of complete English sentences with proper English syntax.
Documentation requires written and oral analysis of one's work or other life experience.
Documentation Returns a copy of the absolute value of the value.
Documentation Returns a copy of the minimum of the two values.
Documentation reveals the theory behind the program.
Documentation Review the latest product documentation.
Documentation See list of frequently answered questions .
Documentation See the following.
Documentation See the manual pages for lpr, lpq, lprm, enscript, mpage, and transcript .
Documentation See the readme for installation details, requirements, and examples of usage.
Documentation seems a bit better too.
Documentation seems good and the scripts seem to work.
Documentation seems to be an ongoing concern for payers reviewing aquatic physical therapy claims.
Documentation seems to usually be an afterthought for most companies.
Documentation seems very good.
Documentation serves several functions that supervisors oversee.
Documentation serves several purposes.
Documentation serves to confirm existing museum records.
Documentation serves two purposes.
Documentation showing a date in Illinois is required.
Documentation showing how processes are to be accomplished is necessary.
Documentation showing professional experience in public health is highly desirable.
Documentation showing the location of property is very helpful.
Documentation shows no diagnosis.
Documentation shows the occupational therapist provided services on six dates.
Documentation Sign up help .
Documentation softens the blow of employee turnover and saves money when using consultants.
Documentation starts with the development process.
Documentation stays in sync, one central location for look and feel changes and maintainence is nil.
Documentation still needs to be completed.
Documentation still needs to be written, but the basic architecture is now stable.
Documentation suffers because of lack of time.
Documentation suggests interesting ways to mix the auxiliaries.
Documentation supporting that all other resources have been exhausted is required.
Documentation tells how to create teaching tools, party games, object lessons, and more.
Documentation tends to be repetitive.
Documentation There is no recommended book.
Documentation unveils the secret story of the agency's investigation of subliminal communication.
Documentation Use a standard documentation style and use it consistently.
Documentation Use the command perldoc to obtain help for perl.
Documentation using the experience report form, provided with the application, is required.
Documentation varies by state.
Documentation varies substantially between models.
Documentation verifying any disability is required.
Documentation verifying the award of each degree received is required.
Documentation always seems to be a problem.
Documentation often provides significant, useful information for readersinterested in the subject.
Documentation sometimes suboptimal.
All documentation includes the appropriate lot number of subsequent tracking, if necessary.
All documentation including workbooks are available free for downloading from our website.
All documentation is also available as on-line help.
All documentation is also available in paper copy with initial subscription.
All documentation is available as Web pages.
All documentation is available electronically, or in hard copy form from the helpdesk or studio.
All documentation is available for download .
All documentation is available here for download, and on the CD ROM shipped with the board.
All documentation is available here.
All documentation is available in HTML format in the download package.
All documentation is available in HTML format viewable in any browser.
All documentation is available online .
All documentation is available on-line.
All documentation is available online.
All documentation is available to campus staff.
All documentation is available under request.
All documentation is available upon request.
All documentation is available within the mathematica environment.
All documentation is checked for authenticity.
All documentation is complete and correct.
All documentation is completely available via web browsers.
All documentation is confidential and is never considered a part of the academic transcript.
All documentation is confidential.
All documentation is considered confidential and is kept in a separate file.
All documentation is contained online.
All documentation is delivered on a single CD-ROM and can be viewed or printed at any time.
All documentation is due by the application deadline.
All documentation is forwarded to the company for further review.
All documentation is generated by the software itself.
All documentation is held on-line.
All documentation is in English.
All documentation is in HTML format.
All documentation is in original form.
All documentation is in Portuguese with English translation of questionnaire.
All documentation is in Portuguese with English translation of Questionnaire.
All documentation is in the doc subdirectory.
All documentation is included electronically on the data tape and CD-ROMs.
All documentation is included in both help and word format.
All documentation is included in the .zip for download.
All documentation is included in the on-line help file.
All documentation is included on the page.
All documentation is included.
All documentation is internal to the program itself.
All documentation is kept in a secure environment that is accessible only to ABCheckers personnel.
All documentation is kept in the student file.
All documentation is kept simple with clear instructions for proper authorizations.
All documentation is maintained in html format.
All documentation is maintained in the office files for retrieval and review.
All documentation is multi-reviewed for accuracy and completeness.
All documentation is now online.
All documentation is on hold until the Vendor Code is established.
All documentation is on one record.
All documentation is on the disk.
All documentation is on-disk in HTML format.
All documentation is online and that is inadequate.
All documentation is online in a HTML-based help system.
All documentation is online.
All documentation is password protected and encrypted.
All documentation is placed in the Veteran's medical record.
All documentation is provided in Adobe Acrobat format unless otherwise specified.
All documentation is provided in both a help file and a printed manual.
All documentation is provided in bound form together with photographic contact sheets as necessary.
All documentation is provided in electronic format.
All documentation is provided on disk.
All documentation is provided.
All documentation is retained in the student's permanent file within the college dean's office.
All documentation is reviewed and approved by the appropriate personnel.
All documentation is scanned to enable it to be accessed electronically.
All documentation is still in the original packaging.
All documentation is strictly confidential.
All documentation is subject to approval by the instructor.
All documentation is subject to verification.
All documentation is the responsibility of the faculty member submitting the entry.
All documentation is to be kept confidential.
All documentation is to be printed, no handwritten work is accepted.
All documentation is updated to reflect each stage of development.
All documentation is viewable from a Web browser.
All documentation is well-written and logically organized.
All documentation needs revision control.
All documentation needs to be updated to reflect any new date formats or processing.
All documentation provided is returned upon site completion.
All documentation relating to the carcasses from slaughter to burial is in order.
All documentation remains confidential.
Any documentation is better than no documentation.
Any documentation is helpful.
More documentation builds a case for a cull of the weak and the elderly.
More documentation is available .
More documentation is available by ftp.
More documentation is available for selected commands.
More documentation is available in texinfo and HTML format.
More documentation is available in the distribution itself.
More documentation is available through Berkeley.
More documentation is available with the distribution.
More documentation is available.
More documentation is here .
More documentation is in their manual pages.
More documentation is included in the package.
More documentation is included within the script itself.
More documentation is needed.
More documentation is on the way.
More documentation is requested for production grants.
More documentation is required.
More documentation means better add-on modules.
More documentation means easier usage.
More documentation means happier users.
Most documentation concerns the group's protests and other acts of resistance.
Most documentation follows modules.
Most documentation includes copies.
Most documentation is available in both HTML and pdf formats.
Most documentation is centered around language, even where images or sound tracks are included.
Most documentation is copyrighted by the documentation owners.
Most documentation is now in html.
Most documentation is on patient computer file.
Most documentation resides in the heads of the collection owners.
Much documentation also concerns foreign translation and publication rights.
Much documentation is also available as web pages.
Much documentation is available about the project and there are many plans for expansion.
Some documentation fixes as well.
Some documentation has impact.
Some documentation has negative impact.
Some documentation is also available for developers.
Some documentation is also available here.
Some documentation is also available.
Some documentation is available .
Some documentation is available in the code itself.
Some documentation is available in the doc directory.
Some documentation is available inside the file itself.
Some documentation is available on-line, and printed documentation can be ordered.
Some documentation is available online, including some nicely illustrated tutorials.
Some documentation is available online.
Some documentation is contained in the package.
Some documentation is in the file engine-intf.txt in the distribution.
Some documentation is included in the distribution.
Some documentation is licenced to be available only within the Cambridge domain.
Some documentation is now available.
Some documentation is only available for download.
Some documentation is provided and the source code is commented.
Some documentation is provided for nearly all points presented.
Some documentation is provided on the Web and some from the distribution file.
Some documentation is revised.
Some documentation needs attention.
Some documentation relates to areas.
Some documentation requires a specific plug-in for viewing.
Some documentations take up some informations of other documentations.
Documented attendance is required.
Documented behaviors are the only evidence that can be reported in court.
Documented excuses are permissible.
Documented experience remains limited, however.
Documented handlers calls for use by other scripters.
Documented immigrants are an important segment of New York's population and economic base.
Most documented information is generic and summary in nature.
Documented music is a man-made crafting.
Documented outages show regular increases in outages during seasonal and peak risk hour periods.
Documented procedures are consistent with the relevant standards.
Documented procedures ensure that operations continue if key personnel leave or take vacation.
Documented reports note that there was, indeed, pirate activity here.
Documented reports provide the best opportunity for solutions.
Documented results are important for further proposals and programs.
Documented results are on file and available.
Documented results tend to be suggestive and short-term.
Documented sightings are located on the map but are largely incomplete.
Documented sites are few in number but their distribution throughout the southwest is fairly broad.
Documented training can make the difference.
Documents formats have to be designed with signatures in mind.
Docusate sodium is a stool softener laxative used for temporary relief of constipation.
Docushare software can automatically convert documents to HTML for web-like applications.
Docutech output is a good option here, depending on the quantity.
Docutech printing can be in one color black on both sides of the sheet.
A dodder is a vine
Dodder reproduces by seed.
Dodders can also reproduce from detached stem pieces vegetatively.
Doddle isa task.
A dodecahedron is a polyhedron
Dodecahedrons are far less common.
Dodecaphonic music is based on a series of ten notes.
Dodge City has a couple of good individuals, too.
Dodge City hosts an annual event called Dodge City Days.
Dodge City is a good team.
Dodge City is a marketing center for livestock, wheat, and sorghums.
Dodge city is in Kansas.
Dodge City is located one hour away.
Dodge City plays a huge part in the history of the American cowboy.
Dodge County is located in southeastern Minnesota.
A dodge is a strategy
Dodge lightens overly dark areas, and Burn darkens overly bright or washed-out areas.
Dodge moves instantly to the ladder beneath an escape hatch and mounts it.
Dodge notes and quotes.
Dodge potholes for another mile or two until the road ends at the trailhead.
Dodges are companies.
Dodges are division.
Dodges are evasions.
Dodges are falsehood.
A dodger is a cornbread
Dodgers are baseball teams.
Dodgers are deceivers.
Dodgers are more speed sensitive than flashers.
Dodgers are sports teams.
Dodgers can also move to the other end of the value chain.
Dodgers cruise vs.
Dodgers gain is Padres pain.
Dodgers help shelter the cockpit from wind and water.
Dodgers present a special problem because for the sideways turn and floppy roll.
Dodgers score, crowd hollers and screams, saxophone blows a fart.
Dodgers trail by one.
Dodo birds come from habitats.
Dodo birds come from shelter habitats.
Dodo birds eat fruit.
Dodo birds eat leaves.
Dodo birds have natural predators.
Dodo birds have predators.
Most dodo birds come from habitats.
Most dodo birds come from shelter habitats.
Most dodo birds eat fruit.
Most dodo birds eat leaves.
Most dodo birds have natural predators.
Most dodo birds have predators.
Some dodo birds become abundances.
A dodo is a bird
Dodo are the prophets.
Dodo isa bird.
Dodos are both slow and weak.
Dodos are generally stubborn and clumsy, and attempt to run away when provoked.
Dodos eat fruit.
Dodos eat ripe fruit.
Dodos have (part) air sacs.
Dodos have (part) bird's feet.
Dodos have (part) brains.
Dodos have (part) breasts.
Dodos have (part) cell membranes.
Dodos have (part) cells.
Dodos have (part) chest cavities.
Dodos have (part) chests.
Dodos have (part) corpi.
Dodos have (part) cytoplasm.
Dodos have (part) ears.
Dodos have (part) faces.
Dodos have (part) flight feathers.
Dodos have (part) heads.
Dodos have (part) lips.
Dodos have (part) mouths.
Dodos have (part) nuclei.
Dodos have (part) plasma membranes.
Dodos have (part) quill feathers.
Dodos have (part) rib cages.
Dodos have (part) second joints.
Dodos have (part) sections.
Dodos have (part) skulls.
Dodos have (part) sterna.
Dodos have (part) talons.
Dodos have (part) vacuoles.
Dodos have (part) wishbones.
Dodos have beaks.
Dodos have brownish plumages.
Dodos have necks.
Dodos have plumages.
Dodos share features.
Dodos vary in many colors.
Most dodos eat fruit.
Most dodos eat ripe fruit.
Most dodos have beaks.
Most dodos have brownish plumages.
Most dodos have necks.
Most dodos have plumages.
Some dodos adapt to life.
Some dodos have natural predators.
Some dodos have predators.
Some dodos have skin.
Some dodos have tough skin.
DODS data is stored in binary form, and by default, it is transmitted that way, too.
Doe deer have antlers.
Doe Lake is of medium depth with a predominately sandy bottom.
A doe is a mammal
DoE adds a whole new dimension to product performance simulation.
DOE analyzes aggregate occurrence information for generic implications and operational improvements.
DOE anticipates approx.
Doe appeals the extent of that reduction.
DOE belives in the necessity of prioritization of limited resources.
DOE discounts such concerns.
DoE encourages collaboration among industry, university, and national laboratory scientists.
DOE extends order requiring power sales to California for one week.
DOE funds other laboratories through grants to and cooperative agreements with universities.
DoE hopes for an agreement prohibiting reprocessing.
DOE informaties summit meeting report.
Doe is a police officer.
Doe is an expert on e-mail systems.
Doe is even more constrained.
Doe is in charge of the greater metropolitan area.
DoE is linked via Bombay.
Doe is the rebel.
Doe prohibits the legislative revival of a cause of action.
Doe sees the music industry now as the same beast, only larger.
Doe teaches educational history and policy.
DOES accelerate the wear of front end components.
Does are capable of breeding at seven months old.
Does are deers.
Does are female animals.
Does are placentals.
DOES come to life here and there.
DOES create a risk, even if they are using a non-DID phone line.
DOES have an exemption for sworn peace officers.
DOES have real and substantial uses for all sorts of legitimate things.
DOES make a difference.
DOES qualify as original content.
DOES seek to enhance the accurate representation of Governments.
DOES seek to improve the awareness for matters political within the community.
Every doe is different.
A doer is a person
Doers are the ones bring others to church.
Doers are the ones with the testimonies.
Doers enjoy physical activities such as swimming, biking and jogging.
Doers like to do.
Doers make all the difference in the world.
Doers step out and lead the Bible study.
Doers tend to be more involved than members of the other nonvoter clusters in their communities.
Doesn t believe diet has a large part to play in health.
Doesn t believe electro-magnetic radiation effects health in a negative way.
Doesn t believe in vitamins and nutrients as therapy or for preventive measures.
Doesn t compare living expenses between cities.
Doesn t cover clinical settings.
Doesn t exist anymore.
Doesn t exist.
Doesn t generate a signal when contacting a surface.
Doesn t handle the ball well enough for the point.
Doesn t have natural hands.
Doesn t look like a bar.
Doesn t look like it, especially since they re both reportedly seeing other people already.
Doesn t look like that s gonna happen.
Doesn t look very pretty, came a voice from the crowd.
Doesn t make sense to put someone in the building just to fill it.
Doesn t make sense.
Doesn t make the headlines.
Doesn t possess blazing speed yet compensates for deficiency with great vision and quickness.
Doesn t produce as much heat as Appalachian coal.
Doesn t produce raspy tone as metal rods and the strings slide effortlessly across it.
Doesn t remember anniversaries or birthdays.
Doesn t say double occupancy.
Doesn t say much.
Doesn t seem especially fair, but it is technically correct.
Doesn t seem final.
Doesn t seem likely.
Doesn t seem possible.
Doesn t seem right somehow.
Doesn t trash our friends.
Doesn t turn a hair.
Doesn t walk.
All dog adoptions require a securely fenced backyard with a lock on the gate.
Dog aggression is a very serious issue with pit bulls.
Dog aggression is any behavior meant to intimidate or harm a person or another animal.
Dog agility is a challenging physical sport for both dog and handler.
Dog agility is a rapidly growing sport.
Dog agility is tons of fun, particularly for the pooch, but it's also a serious sport.
Dog barks echo over muffled houses.
All dog behavior is normal to a dog.
Some dog behaviors can serve as models for do s and don ts for salespeople.
Dog behaviour appears more complex than simply automatic responses that are learnt.
Dog behaviourists reccommend food and treats to ignite a response.
A dog biscuit is a biscuit
Dog biscuits are good for their teeth.
Dog biscuits can be just a treat to our lovable furry friends.
A dog bite is a bite
Dog bites are a greater health problem for children than measles, mumps and whooping cough combined.
Dog bites are a major, yet preventable, public health problem among children.
Dog bites are a serious health problem.
Dog bites are a serious public health problem in Alabama and the rest of the nation.
Dog bites are a serious public health problem.
Dog bites are also common, sometimes even from the family dog.
Dog bites are among the most common of all tortoise injuries.
Dog bites are bites.
Dog bites are dangerous for a number of reasons.
Dog bites are diseases.
Dog bites are one of the leading causes of death in children.
Dog bites are the number one health problem of children, outnumbering measles and mumps combined.
Dog bites are the number one health problem of children.
Dog bites can be fatal to tortoises.
Dog bites can be harmful.
Dog bites can be particularly dangerous for small children.
Dog bites can cause much deformity.
Dog bites can cause serious, long-lasting injuries.
Dog bites can range from simple punctures, to jagged tears, to missing gouges of flesh.
Dog bites can, however, cover large areas.
Dog bites increase with the number of dogs running loose.
Dog bites tend to be difficult cases, emotionally traumatic and costly.
Many dog bites occur because the child teases the pet beyond endurance.
Most dog bites come from unneutered male dogs.
Most dog bites happen to dog owners, their family and friends.
Most dog bites occur on or near the dog owner's property.
Most dog bites occur out of fear.
Dog boarding is available.
Dog bone needs new plating.
Dog breeds have behavioral characteristics.
Dog breeds have characteristics.
Dog breeds require care.
All dog breeds are different and can react to different diets in a variety of way.
All dog breeds are susceptible to certain illness and health conditions.
All dog breeds are welcome competitors.
Most dog breeds are named after the place that they originated or the person who created the breed.
Most dog breeds have behavioral characteristics.
Most dog breeds have characteristics.
Most dog breeds require care.
Some dog breeds are more prone to one or the other.
Some dog breeds are particularly dangerous.
Some dog breeds have lifespans.
Some dog breeds retain rounded, floppy ears throughout life.
Dog breeders do care about their dog breeds.
Many dog breeders believe that most health issues can be minimised through a proper diet .
Some dog breeders discuss possibility.
Some dog breeders use a pair of scissors, others a constricting rubber band.
Some dog breeders use tools.
Dog breeding are breeding.
Dog cats may have infection.
Some dog cats eat animals.
Some dog cats eat dead animals.
Dog clutches provide the lock up.
A dog collar is a collar
Dog collars enhance a long neck.
Any dog color is acceptable and random coloring is desirable.
Dog communication comes in a variety of forms, and is part of the foundation of dog social behavior.
Dog crates are simply a rectangular structure just big enough for the dog to lay down in.
Dog crates are special indoor pens, usually made of wire or molded plastic.
Dog crates make excellent dens.
Many dog fights occur because of unsupervised dogs.
A dog flea is a flea
Dog fleas look like cat fleas, but are rare in California.
Dog food diets promote healthy skin.
Dog food diets promote skin.
Dog food manufacturers make versions.
Dog food contains animal proteins.
Dog food contains chemicals.
Dog food contains proteins.
Dog food contains unhealthy chemicals.
Dog food feeds to dogs.
Dog food has lots.
Dog food is food.
Dog food is located in markets.
Dog food is pet food
Dog food is pet food.
Dog food is used for dogs.
Dog food lacks the fat and certain amino acids required by ferrets.
Dog food plays important roles.
Dog food plays roles.
Dog food produces effects.
Dog food produces same effects.
Dog food uses inferior products.
Dog food uses products.
Dog food works really well too.
All dog food is the same.
All dog foods contain copper, but there is a difference.
All dog foods say the taste is great, but the ultimate decision on taste is really the pets.
Most dog food contains animal proteins.
Most dog food contains chemicals.
Most dog food contains proteins.
Most dog food contains unhealthy chemicals.
Most dog food feeds to dogs.
Most dog food has lots.
Most dog food is full of fillers and unwanted by-products.
Most dog food plays important roles.
Most dog food plays roles.
Most dog food produces effects.
Most dog food produces same effects.
Most dog food uses inferior products.
Most dog food uses products.
Most dog foods are meat, though there are some vegetarian dog foods on the market now.
Some dog food causes problems.
Some dog food contains corn.
Some dog food has tendencies.
Dog guides are invisible.
Dog guides are very highly trained and disciplined.
Dog guides can go wherever the blind person goes.
All dog hair is useable - for something.
Dog handler plays with the dogs while they wait their turn.
Dog handlers are a different breed, performing unique services.
Dog handlers can therefore end up with quite a houseful.
Dog handlers keep the dog teams under control.
Most dog handlers agree that it has little to do with age.
Most dog handlers think of their long line as a piece of equipment.
Dog harnesses are available that hook to car seats.
Dog licenses are also available at the shelters.
Dog licenses are also obtainable by mail.
Dog licenses are available at the local county treasurer s office.
Dog licenses are mandatory in the City of Vancouver for any dog over three months old.
Dog licenses are the responsibility of the adopting family.
Dog licenses are valid for one year.
Dog licenses comprise the largest number of licenses sold.
Dog licenses have to be renewed each year.
Dog lovers can opt for any number of itineraries.
Dog lovers seem to always know how to turn a conversation to their favorite interest.
Any dog lover understands wanting to do the best for our canine friends.
Many dog lovers work all day and have to take their dogs out at night.
Most dog lovers are specialists.
Most dog lovers find it irresistible.
Some dog lovers are already aficionados of the sport, attending shows in their hometown.
Some dog lovers love a variety . . .
Dog meat is fine, tasty and can warm the body.
Dog meat is prized in other parts of the world.
Dog meat is the best bait.
Dog meat is thought to be nutritious and good to eat in the winter because it heats up the body.
Dog mushers are welcome.
All dog names are links to that dog's pedigree.
Dog owners feed dogs.
Dog owners have dogs.
Dog owners live in countries.
Dog owners live in situations.
Dog owners report health problems.
Dog owners report problems.
Dog owners report serious health problems.
Dog owners report serious problems.
Dog packs are great.
Dog packs are ideal for removing trash from our wilderness areas.
Dog packs tend to do that, go on frenzied attacks, eat a little, then leave the rest.
Dog packs work the same way.
Dog parks are a place for owners to train and socialize dogs.
Dog parks are full of pet owners getting to know one another while their animals run around.
Dog parks are the new singles bars minus the hangover.
Many dog problems are management problems.
Dog rescue is no easy task, as it involves alot of time, expense and drained emotions.
Dog saliva has heal properties.
Dog saliva has properties.
Dog shelter kill million of dog, cost money.
A dog show is a show
Dog shows are shows.
Dog shows bring hundreds of thousands of dollars to the area.
Dog shows seem insane, but it is an organized chaos.
All dog shows are basically a process of elimination.
Dog teams are a big thing and humans are always looking for strong dogs to run on a team.
Dog teams are useful to detect and apprehend thieves and vandals in vehicle parking lots.
Dog ticks have a horseshoe pattern on their backs.
Dog towns are a concentrated group of prairie dog burrows.
Dog trainers are a stubborn bunch.
Dog trainers are also available.
Dog trainers are often the only ones who can correct dogs of their bad habits.
Dog trainers do it on command.
Dog trainers know how different breeds tend to behave.
Dog trainers spend most of their working hours in obedience training.
Every dog trainer knows that some punishment is needed in the training of dogs.
Most dog trainers are also unfamiliar with the legal aspects of service dogs.
Most dog trainers love dogs and training dogs.
Dog training is a lot like dancing and singing.
Dog training is a serious business.
Dog training is about relationships.
Dog training is an art.
Dog training is both an art and a science.
Dog training is like going to school all over again.
Dog training is much fun with quality equipment.
Dog training is no different.
All dog training is regrets.
Dog treats add calories.
Dog treats are dog food.
Dog treats are free.
Dog treats decorate the perimeter of the special frame.
Dog tricks follow the advanced exercises.
Dog urine can often be a frustrating lawn care problem.
Dog urine kills grass while feces present health and safety risks.
Dog vaccines are effective for at least one year.
Dog violet is violet
Dog violets appear a week later than the wood violets.
Dog violets have no scent and tend to be paler in colour than the Sweet Violet .
Dog walkers can also participate in obedience classes, and bathe and brush the dogs.
Some dog walkers know parents bring their kids to the park after work to play on the swing sets.
Dog whelks are active predators.
Dog years are really seven years.
A dog is a canid
A dog is a domestic animal
Dog bounds over, drool, beg, whine.
Dog bows for shows or any affair.
Dog chewing problems and furniture can be frustrating and destructive.
Dog howls continuously.
Dog isa animal.
Dog isa beast.
Dog isa creature.
Dog isa mammal.
Dog lunges forward, bungie jerks taut.
Dog plays too wildly.
Dog rises from the dead and takes the helm.
Dog scratches to get in or out.
Dog shows work like a pyramid.
Dog sitting alone shows no behavioral or physiological response.
Dog stink really can happen to even the most lovingly maintained pets.
Dog takes commands and is well behaved.
Dog thrown inside most recommendations still bathe southpark film review.
Dog works great,but is scared to death of gun fire.
Dogs  bark.
Dogs absorb food.
Dogs acclimate to a routine very quickly.
Dogs accompany humans.
Dogs accumulate at the courthouse.
Dogs accumulate excess fluid.
Dogs accumulate fluid.
Dogs acquire conditions.
Dogs acquire tapeworms primarily by eating fleas.
Dogs acquire the mites during the first two to three days of life while nursing their dams.
Dogs act aggressively toward other dogs for a variety of reasons.
Dogs act quickly.
Dogs actually become addicted to sugar.
Dogs actually feel more secure when their position is clear even if it is as a subordinate.
Dogs adapt to diets.
Dogs adapt to environments.
Dogs adapt to food.
Dogs adapt to life.
Dogs adapt to live situations.
Dogs adapt to situations.
Dogs adapt well to crates, as long as they are large enough to turn around.
Dogs admit it when they are jealous.
Dogs admit it when they are lost.
Dogs admit it when they're lost.
Dogs admit when they are jealous.
Dogs admit when they're jealous.
Dogs admit when they're lost.
Dogs agree that the only fun part of gardening is digging holes.
Dogs alert other pack members by barking.
Dogs allow themselves to be dressed up in Santa hats.
Dogs already run in there and everything's fine.
Dogs also appear as central figures in several myths.
Dogs also bark at the former more frequently.
Dogs also benefit from the opportunity for concealment and some control over their environment.
Dogs also bite because they are protecting a home or a car.
Dogs also bite because they feel challenged.
Dogs also bond more readily with sheep than with cattle.
Dogs also chew because they are teething.
Dogs also dig in the earth with their feet before rain, and often make deep holes in the ground.
Dogs also disturb wildlife and frighten other visitors.
Dogs also encourage owners to exercise.
Dogs also enjoy cottage cheese, cooked egg and cooked vegetables.
Dogs also face the risk of snake bites.
Dogs also get a behavior assessment to determine if they can be adopted safely into a new home.
Dogs also get bones.
Dogs also get painful ear infections.
Dogs also have a clear sense of who their family is.
Dogs also have no mindset for emotional surrender or giving up.
Dogs also have such an open duct connecting the oral and nasal cavities.
Dogs also have their own races and pulling contests.
Dogs also keep deer away.
Dogs also lick as a sign of affection or subservience, or both.
Dogs also like to save food for later, and they try to hide it.
Dogs also like vegetables and fruits.
Dogs also make it easy to meet new friends on the road.
Dogs also make mistakes, just like their masters.
Dogs also move their limbs and bark in their dreams.
Dogs also prey on numbats, along with birds of prey that prey on the smaller numbat babies.
Dogs also produce saliva when they are excited.
Dogs also pull their tails between their legs when they are frightened.
Dogs also raise their hackles as a threatening gesture in response to danger.
Dogs also require a vaccination certificate against rabies and distemper.
Dogs also respond to stress by soiling the house with stool.
Dogs also seem to be multilingual when it comes to reading the body language of different breeds.
Dogs also take a lot of care.
Dogs also use barking and other vocalizations such as whines and growls to communicate.
Dogs also vocalize more than wolves.
Dogs also whimper when they are physically abused or neglected by people.
Dogs alter the shapes of their noses on inhaling, so as to be able to inhale large amounts of air.
Dogs appear masculine, while bitches are distinctly feminine .
Dogs appear masculine, while bitches are distinctly feminine.
Dogs appear on scenes.
Dogs appear to be healthy.
Dogs appear to be the laboratory animal most sensitive to glufosinate.
Dogs appear to have some resistance.
Dogs appreciate such pampering, say the professionals.
Dogs are a big responsibility, they are very time consuming and expensive.
Dogs are a burglars worst nightmare.
Dogs are a cash crop.
Dogs are a close second.
Dogs are a commitment.
Dogs are a good deterrent for thieves.
Dogs are a great way for older adults to spark up conversations and meet new people.
Dogs are a human creation.
Dogs are a lot like children they are adventuresome and curious.
Dogs are a lot like people.
Dogs are a lot of fun.
Dogs are a lot of work.
Dogs are a major cause of early death for pet guinea pigs kept outside.
Dogs are a man's best friend for life.
Dogs are a man's best friend.
Dogs are a mixed blessing.
Dogs are a pain to put up with, but they are easy to understand.
Dogs are a pleasure and great companions down there.
Dogs are a potential problem .
Dogs are a product of their environment.
Dogs are a reflection of their environment and their owners.
Dogs are a required part of the heartworm life cycle.
Dogs are a responsibility and are loving creatures that have needs of their own.
Dogs are a sign of good fortune because certain early Chinese emperors prized their pets.
Dogs are a television producer's best friend.
Dogs are a very big responsibility.
Dogs are a very responsible worker and very good team leaders.
Dogs are able to achieve their goals.
Dogs are able to get their mental and physical needs met in day care.
Dogs are able to hear ultrasound, which is the principle of 'silent' dog whistles .
Dogs are able to interact with people in a positive environment.
Dogs are able to produce a litter twice a year.
Dogs are able to see much better in dim light than humans are.
Dogs are able to take even adult iguanas.
Dogs are affectionate, active and enthusiastic.
Dogs are again a problem.
Dogs are aggressive in response to unfolding events.
Dogs are alert, hungry, energetic.
Dogs are all crate trained.
Dogs are all over Bali.
Dogs are all the same species.
Dogs are allergic to many of the same things that people are, including dust and pollen.
Dogs are already in touch with their inner puppies.
Dogs are also a requirement.
Dogs are also a source of infectious diseases and parasites.
Dogs are also again a problem.
Dogs are also allergic to fleas and mites.
Dogs are also at work here in the travel business.
Dogs are also available for hand licking and general dog-like behavior.
Dogs are also common on ranches.
Dogs are also effective.
Dogs are also heartworm tested.
Dogs are also intelligent beings.
Dogs are also light sleepers.
Dogs are also likely to get excited.
Dogs are also microchipped.
Dogs are also scavengers.
Dogs are also somewhat smarter than cats in the area of verbal command.
Dogs are also susceptible to various types of skin fungus.
Dogs are also the archetypal symbols of shapeshifters.
Dogs are also unclean, but to a lesser extent.
Dogs are also very sensitive to facial expressions and eye contact.
Dogs are also very territorial and can misinterpret a child's body language as a threat.
Dogs are also welcome by arrangement.
Dogs are also welcome for a nominal fee and refundable pet deposit.
Dogs are also welcome with prior arrangements.
Dogs are also welcome with prior notice.
Dogs are also welcome.
Dogs are also well-known for their ability to cause quite a stench of their own.
Dogs are always a popular subject.
Dogs are always desperate to play and are a perfect vehicle for exercising.
Dogs are always up for a walk.
Dogs are amphibious.
Dogs are an attractant in most cases.
Dogs are an essential and valuable police tool.
Dogs are an excellent deterrent, burglars generally avoid a house with a dog.
Dogs are an excellent way of handling the problem.
Dogs are an immutable form.
Dogs are an integral part of the family.
Dogs are animals that protect their food.
Dogs are animals, and animals use their mouths for many things.
Dogs are another story.
Dogs are another wonderful way to be warned of intruders.
Dogs are artwork.
Dogs are as American as apple pie and baseball.
Dogs are as smart as they .
Dogs are at far more risk when they are already stressed by disease.
Dogs are at their best when they can move around a lot.
Dogs are athletes.
Dogs are available for adoption in the Southern California area only.
Dogs are available for adoption to approved homes.
Dogs are available most times of the year.
Dogs are available.
Dogs are bad.
Dogs are better at adapting than owners are.
Dogs are better off when they have space to move around freely.
Dogs are better than ANY cat.
Dogs are better than any cats, period.
Dogs are better than any cats.
Dogs are better than ANY cats.
Dogs are better than cats, simple fact that any rational person knows.
Dogs are better than cats.
Dogs are better than children.
Dogs are better than people.
Dogs are biomedically a key species because they are subject to many of the same diseases as humans.
Dogs are birds.
Dogs are black.
Dogs are born blind and deaf.
Dogs are born needing and wanting it - it's a natural reinforcer.
Dogs are both companionable and, thus, indispensable.
Dogs are both observant and intelligent.
Dogs are bred to keep up with a hundred sheep on a several acre field.
Dogs are bright and well balanced.
Dogs are brown.
Dogs are brutes, they just squat and do it.
Dogs are buddies.
Dogs are built to eat poultry, fish, whole meat, and other wholesome ingredients.
Dogs are by nature pack animals, and require companionship.
Dogs are by nature the most gregarious creatures in the world.
Dogs are calmer and happier and so are their owners.
Dogs are canids and humans are primates.
Dogs are canids.
Dogs are canines and canines are den animals.
Dogs are canines.
Dogs are canines.
Dogs are capable of attacks.
Dogs are capable of bark.
Dogs are capable of bites.
Dogs are capable of breathes.
Dogs are capable of drink water.
Dogs are capable of hears.
Dogs are capable of hurting and inflicting a great deal of damage with their bites.
Dogs are capable of licking their own private parts.
Dogs are capable of males.
Dogs are capable of mates.
Dogs are capable of open doors.
Dogs are capable of pants.
Dogs are capable of pets.
Dogs are capable of roll overs.
Dogs are capable of runs.
Dogs are capable of strays.
Dogs are capable of traineds.
Dogs are carnivores with a powerful digestive system.
Dogs are carnivores Yes dogs are carnivores.
Dogs are carnivores, plain and simple.
Dogs are carnivores.
Dogs are carnivorous mammals with enormous genetic variability within the species.
Dogs are chaps.
Dogs are characteristically more massive throughout with larger frame and heavier bone than bitches.
Dogs are charming.
Dogs are Children only with fur.
Dogs are cleaner.
Dogs are cocker spaniels.
Dogs are color blind.
Dogs are colorblind.
Dogs are color-blind.
Dogs are colour blind.
Dogs are comfortable when there is stability within the pack.
Dogs are common inside fine French restaurants.
Dogs are company for each other, and usually get along better than people expect.
Dogs are cool Great background.
Dogs are cool.
Dogs are crap.
Dogs are creatures of habit and require regular routines.
Dogs are creatures of habit and they like schedules.
Dogs are creatures of habit.
Dogs are curious, territorial, and often aggressive toward intrud- ers.
Dogs are current on vaccines.
Dogs are cute.
Dogs are de rigeur in the South.
Dogs are deeply suspicious of anybody using a door.
Dogs are den animals and don t like to soil the area where they sleep.
Dogs are den animals and many like a place they can curl up in and feel secure.
Dogs are den animals, and the crate is a place they can call their own.
Dogs are den animals, and they like small, enclosed places.
Dogs are den animals, like wolves.
Dogs are den animals.
Dogs are descendants of wolves, den-dwelling animals by instinct.
Dogs are descended from gray wolves.
Dogs are descended from wolves.
Dogs are devoted companions and protectors for the family.
Dogs are different from cats .
Dogs are different in their toilet habits, just as are people.
Dogs are different than cats, for example.
Dogs are different.
Dogs are dirty and stupid, but good pets none the less.
Dogs are dogs and even people with A-dogs have to make their public appearance pleasant for all.
Dogs are dogs and people are human.
Dogs are dogs and people are people, some good and some bad.
Dogs are dogs and people are people.
Dogs are dogs and they do doggy things.
Dogs are dogs.
Dogs are dogs.
Dogs are domestic animals.
Dogs are domesticated animals that generally live in the same habitats as humans.
Dogs are dumped at local pounds or abandoned in the woods and on city streets.
Dogs are easier to control and are now widely used to hunt truffles.
Dogs are easier to house-train.
Dogs are easier to understand, but nobody yet knows how dogs work.
Dogs are easy to amuse.
Dogs are easy to buy for.
Dogs are easy to house train.
Dogs are easy to please.
Dogs are easy.
Dogs are either friendly or confined.
Dogs are emblems of faithfulness and often appeared at the feet of women in the engravings on tombs.
Dogs are especially prone to dry skin and dandruff.
Dogs are especially prone to poisonings as they can and do eat almost anything.
Dogs are especially sensitive to methyl xanthine toxicity.
Dogs are especially welcome.
Dogs are essentially color blind when it comes to distinguishing colors.
Dogs are even better at it, but cats are still pretty darn good.
Dogs are everyone's best friend.
Dogs are everywhere, tethered on short chains and always barking.
Dogs are everywhere.
Dogs are evil.
Dogs are exempt if they have a certified radiograph from France.
Dogs are exercised twice daily.
Dogs are extra floppy and snuggly.
Dogs are extremely family-oriented and establish very strong ties to the people they live with.
Dogs are extremely place-oriented.
Dogs are extremely sensitive to emotions. . . .
Dogs are extremely smart.
Dogs are fairly resistant to botulinum toxin, but intoxication is occasionally seen.
Dogs are familiar to most students.
Dogs are family members for most Caucasian expatriates.
Dogs are far better off with just plain water.
Dogs are fast for one thing, and they are relatively cheap.
Dogs are fast.
Dogs are fenced in the back yard.
Dogs are feral animals, that is, they are happy in a den.
Dogs are flesh and blood.
Dogs are for life.
Dogs are forever in the moment.
Dogs are free to roam inside and out.
Dogs are friends.
Dogs are frightened of loud noises and start chewing because of their fears.
Dogs are fun to be with.
Dogs are fun.
Dogs are fun.
Dogs are funny that way.
Dogs are furry, but a little blurry.
Dogs are generally bigger and heavier.
Dogs are generally content because they're stupid, and they can lick themselves.
Dogs are generally larger than bitches.
Dogs are generally much better at conserving heat than at cooling themselves.
Dogs are generally people creatures.
Dogs are generally taller than cats.
Dogs are gods - Excellent breed profiles on most dogs.
Dogs are Gods - offers recipes for dog treats, breed information, jokes and more.
Dogs are golden retrievers.
Dogs are good companions.
Dogs are good for their owners.
Dogs are good friends.
Dogs are good in nursing homes.
Dogs are good judges of people.
Dogs are good pets.
Dogs are good with kids.
Dogs are gray with the sunlight's grease stiffly slimed across their sharp and pulsing ribs.
Dogs are gray wolves, despite their diversity in size and proportion.
Dogs are gray.
Dogs are great about reading body language of their owners and can sense a 'shift' change in people.
Dogs are great alarms, and most criminals won t risk a confrontation with a dog of any size.
Dogs are great at being dogs.
Dogs are great at guilt.
Dogs are great companions for runners, and they offer visible security.
Dogs are great companions for travel and outdoor activities.
Dogs are great exercise companions.
Dogs are great friends and can benefit everyone in different ways.
Dogs are great little companions.
Dogs are great pets to have.
Dogs are great pets.
Dogs are great savers.
Dogs are great teachers to each other.
Dogs are great teachers.
Dogs are great units to use as scouts, and are cheap to produce.
Dogs are great walking companions and can offer some protection.
Dogs are great.
Dogs are handsome and loyal.
Dogs are happier because their masters are happier.
Dogs are happiest while obeying.
Dogs are happy and customers are happy.
Dogs are happy with whatever.
Dogs are heartbreakers.
Dogs are heartworm negative and are on monthly heartworm preventative.
Dogs are heartworm negative and on heartworm preventions.
Dogs are heavier than bitches.
Dogs are highly routine oriented.
Dogs are highly social animals and form hunting packs.
Dogs are highly social animals.
Dogs are highly social creatures, and they form very strong attachments to their owners.
Dogs are highly social pack animals who crave a family, human or otherwise.
Dogs are home-raised and sold with health guarantee.
Dogs are homothermic or warm-blooded animals animals.
Dogs are honest.
Dogs are ideal trail and fireside companions.
Dogs are idiots.
Dogs are important to kids.
Dogs are in blue, bitches are in pink.
Dogs are in foster homes for anywhere from two weeks to a month or two.
Dogs are incapable of being bad.
Dogs are incredible creatures.
Dogs are infected with whipworm when they consume whipworm eggs.
Dogs are inherintly territioial.
Dogs are innately social animals who prefer living in packs.
Dogs are inside houses.
Dogs are instinctively pack animals.
Dogs are intelligent and sensitive.
Dogs are intelligent and well-balanced.
Dogs are intelligent creatures and sometimes they get into trouble out of boredom and frustration.
Dogs are intelligent creatures and they learn quickly if given the proper motivation.
Dogs are intelligent creatures and thrive on psychological challenge.
Dogs are intelligent, compassionate, fun-loving creatures.
Dogs are inventions, constantly being tinkered with, constantly yielding up new, improved versions.
Dogs are just a hobby.
Dogs are just as susceptible to undertows, cold water, and rough waves as humans are.
Dogs are just too damn noisy to sleep with.
Dogs are kid-magnets.
Dogs are kin to wolves and infest the streets of oriental cities.
Dogs are kind and friendly.
Dogs are larger and more powerful than bitches.
Dogs are less hyper.
Dogs are less inclined to bark if a barrier blocks their view.
Dogs are less inclined to jump fences if there's something to do or someone they like in the yard.
Dogs are less unwelcome on the horse trail.
Dogs are less voracious but often less efficient.
Dogs are like all other animals.
Dogs are like anything else, each one is a unique product of genetics and enviroment.
Dogs are like babies when it comes to the unconditional aspect of love.
Dogs are like humans, and they become bored.
Dogs are like little children.
Dogs are like retarded children.
Dogs are like that, too.
Dogs are like that.
Dogs are living in the present, they react to the immediate smell, sound, and movement.
Dogs are located at homes.
Dogs are located in backyards.
Dogs are located in beachs.
Dogs are located in beds.
Dogs are located in communities.
Dogs are located in couchs.
Dogs are located in desks.
Dogs are located in front doors.
Dogs are located in ground.
Dogs are located in houses.
Dogs are located in kennels.
Dogs are located in leashs.
Dogs are located in parks.
Dogs are located in pet shops.
Dogs are located in pet stores.
Dogs are located in porchs.
Dogs are located in pounds.
Dogs are located in rugs.
Dogs are located in shows.
Dogs are located in tables.
Dogs are located on floors.
Dogs are love and kidneys covered with fur.
Dogs are lovely because they submissive and loyal.
Dogs are loyal and affectionate.
Dogs are loyal and friendly.
Dogs are loyal and steadfast and uncommonly patient and quite willing to be used.
Dogs are loyal, dependable, eager to please, and quick to forgive and forget.
Dogs are loyal, faithful and honest and always stick to their firm codes of ethics.
Dogs are loyal, playful, and affectionate.
Dogs are loyal.
Dogs are made of cheese.
Dogs are made of hair.
Dogs are mammals.
Dogs are mammals.
Dogs are man s best friend.
Dogs are man s best friends.
Dogs are man's best friend.
Dogs are man's best friends, they are cute, loyal and oh so lovable.
Dogs are man's best friends.
Dogs are masters at nonverbal communication.
Dogs are masters of expression, though sometimes their physical cues are confusing to people.
Dogs are mature and house trained.
Dogs are mean and vicious.
Dogs are means.
Dogs are member of families.
Dogs are men in little fur coats.
Dogs are messy.
Dogs are mighty popular in America.
Dogs are more apt to have side effects from the drug than to the flight itself.
Dogs are more expensive to spay and neuter.
Dogs are more fun than computers.
Dogs are more intelligent than cats for several reasons.
Dogs are more likely to bite than cats.
Dogs are more likely to bite when the person yells or screams.
Dogs are more likely to consume the pelletized cereal-based baits than the loose grain baits.
Dogs are more likely to get into candy bars and other treats, usually made from milk chocolate.
Dogs are more likely to ingest ma huang products than cats.
Dogs are more likely to suffer a heatstroke than cats.
Dogs are more massive throughout.
Dogs are more of a secondary-carnivore and therefore rely on a combination of meats and vegetables.
Dogs are more powerful and more massive than bitches.
Dogs are more secure knowing they have a leader.
Dogs are more sensitive to heat and high humidity than humans.
Dogs are more social, and domestic cats are more social than their wild cousins.
Dogs are more susceptible to heat stress than cats.
Dogs are more susceptible to the venoms of snakes than cats.
Dogs are more than Pets.
Dogs are more trendy and breed specific.
Dogs are more unusual.
Dogs are most sensitive to communication via eye contact, body language and tone of voice.
Dogs are most similar genetically to wolves.
Dogs are most vulnerable.
Dogs are most welcome and the hotel is an ideal base for walks.
Dogs are most welcome outside of the school holiday periods.
Dogs are much accustom'd to insects.
Dogs are much better than cats.
Dogs are much closer to people than are horses.
Dogs are much more a part of the family.
Dogs are much more accommodating when they have the opportunity to go off leash and run.
Dogs are much more comfortable knowing who they are to follow.
Dogs are much more loyal and accepting of such changes.
Dogs are much more sensitive than cattle.
Dogs are much more susceptible to heatstroke than humans.
Dogs are much more susceptible to the disease than cats.
Dogs are much more unlikely to use the bathroom in the confined space of their crate.
Dogs are much stronger than kittens and, even when playing, can inflict serious harm.
Dogs are much the same.
Dogs are nasty and bothersome.
Dogs are natural carnivores, of course.
Dogs are natural expert practioners of heat transfer principles.
Dogs are natural predators, and their instinct when they catch a bird is to keep it.
Dogs are natural warning devices.
Dogs are naturally clean animals.
Dogs are naturally pack animals.
Dogs are naturally reluctant to show weakness of any kind.
Dogs are naturally social beings who thrive on interaction with human beings and other animals.
Dogs are naturally stoic.
Dogs are nearly as common as cars and take their job as guardians seriously.
Dogs ARE needy.
Dogs are never catty.
Dogs are never judgmental.
Dogs are never too busy to sit and talk.
Dogs are nice companions.
Dogs are nice to relatives.
Dogs are nice to watch.
Dogs are nice.
Dogs are nicer than most people.
Dogs are no different.
Dogs are no match for cars.
Dogs are non-judgmental.
Dogs are normally the host population for heartworm infection.
Dogs are notorious for chasing cats.
Dogs are now a variety of wolf.
Dogs are now in just about every shelter magazine shot and a ton of commercials.
Dogs are of the few animals that keep playing when they are grown.
Dogs are often distributors of disease.
Dogs are often in boisterous high spirits when let out of the car.
Dogs are often unaware of their own strength, and can cause injury out of excitement and happiness.
Dogs are often uncomfortable with unusual behavior from otherwise predictable humans.
Dogs are often unpredictable in times of stress.
Dogs are OK here also.
Dogs are okay on leashes.
Dogs are okay, but they kind of stinky.
Dogs are omivores and can be fed a balanced vegetarian diet.
Dogs are omnivores eating meat, grains and vegetables.
Dogs are omnivores, having the ability to exist on a diet of meat and plant products.
Dogs are omnivores.
Dogs are omnivorous.
Dogs are one of our hottest categories right now.
Dogs are one of several efforts to keep birds from colliding with planes.
Dogs are one of the few species that adjust like humans to the urban environment.
Dogs are one of the last forms of unconditional love left in the world.
Dogs are one of the most common causes of facial lacerations in children.
Dogs are one of the most expressive animals on earth.
Dogs are one thread that unites all three stories.
Dogs are optional for running, but are required to be eligible for race winning prizes.
Dogs are otherwise healthy.
Dogs are our best friends.
Dogs are our friends.
Dogs are our pets.
Dogs are owned by people.
Dogs are pack and social animals.
Dogs are pack animals .
Dogs are pack animals and become very unhappy if left alone outdoors, especially on chains.
Dogs are pack animals and crave the companionship and stimulation of other dogs and humans.
Dogs are pack animals and have a high pack-drive.
Dogs are pack animals and require a tremendous amount of human interaction.
Dogs are pack animals and the owners are the members of the dogs' pack.
Dogs are pack animals and they consider the family to be the pack.
Dogs are pack animals and, the pack can consist of either humans or other dogs.
Dogs are pack animals by nature, so they're instinctually drawn to a crate's den-like atmosphere.
Dogs are pack animals by nature, with definite social needs.
Dogs are pack animals by nature.
Dogs are pack animals that thrive on companionship.
Dogs are pack animals who love to eat in groups.
Dogs are pack animals, and five dogs is the minimum number for proper socialization.
Dogs are pack animals, behavior specialists explain.
Dogs are pack animals.
Dogs are pack creatures.
Dogs are part of animal kingdoms.
Dogs are part of our culture.
Dogs are part of the broad niche group, as they can adapt to many different environments.
Dogs are part of the family.
Dogs are particularly destructive when chained to a tree.
Dogs are particularly fond of cat poop because cat poop is high in protein.
Dogs are particularly sensitive to chocolate, and it is considered extremely poisonous for dogs.
Dogs are party animals.
Dogs are perceptive to the subtle emotions of humans.
Dogs are perhaps the only animals on earth that have an inherent desire to please.
Dogs are permitted in the campsites, picnic areas, and on paved roads only.
Dogs are personable, intelligent with a strong desire to please.
Dogs are personal property and the subject of larceny the same as other personal property.
Dogs are pets.
Dogs are playful animals and are often found sniffing and exploring unusual places.
Dogs are playful.
Dogs are polygamous in contrast to wolves that are generally monogamous.
Dogs are poor generalizers to start with.
Dogs are popular because of their loving ways and their loyalty to their owners.
Dogs are possessive about certain things.
DOGS ARE possessive about certain things.
Dogs are possessive about their yard or territory and certain other things.
Dogs are predators with body parts designed to hunt, chase, kill, and eat.
Dogs are predators.
Dogs are preferred to pigs because pigs love to eat truffles.
Dogs are presumed to be the first species domesticated by humans.
Dogs are pretty dumb.
Dogs are pretty much the same as humans.
Dogs are pretty smart.
Dogs are probably a greater hazard to mountain bikers than they are to dogs.
Dogs are probably descendants of wolf-like creatures.
Dogs are profoundly Jewish.
Dogs are prone to ear mites and allergies.
Dogs are proverbially and in fact much better at odor detection than humans are.
Dogs are quick to learn when their owners are about to leave the house.
Dogs are quite resiliant.
Dogs are quite sensitive to gastrointestinal lesions with naproxen.
Dogs are quite simple creatures.
Dogs are really bad about generalizing.
Dogs are really smart, and most of the time they really want to please.
Dogs are really smart.
Dogs are really stupid.
Dogs are regarded as highly social animal on the earth.
Dogs are remarkably resilient and open-hearted.
Dogs are reproductive until old age.
Dogs are responsible for countless deer and other mammal injuries each year.
Dogs are satisfied with a belly rub.
Dogs are scavengers.
Dogs are second but monkeys are still the best.
Dogs are seen as having a purpose and cats are seen as a nuisance in Missouri.
Dogs are sensitive animals.
Dogs are sensitive to a class of chemicals called methylxanthines.
Dogs are sensitive to owners moods.
Dogs are sensitive to their owner's emotions.
Dogs are shedding.
Dogs are shit.
Dogs are silly, messy and lots of fun.
Dogs are silly.
Dogs are similar to children in that learning is best accomplished in a positive environment.
Dogs are simple beasts with intricate deceits.
Dogs are simply loyal, patient and trustworthy, they are the man's best friends.
Dogs are smalls.
Dogs are smart and learn quickly.
Dogs are smart enough to know where their suppers come from.
Dogs are smart.
Dogs are smarter than other animals and they have feelings.
Dogs are smarter than other animals.
Dogs are smarter than they look.
Dogs are so kooky.
Dogs are so loving but they pass gas without care.
Dogs are so much more confident on their own turf that a lot of nerve problems get covered up.
Dogs are so rude.
Dogs are so silly.
Dogs are SO situational.
Dogs are so thankful to get out.
Dogs are so unselfish.
Dogs are social and like to be around their people.
Dogs are social animals and do best when part of the family.
Dogs are social animals and normally live in groups or packs.
Dogs are social animals and they enjoy interacting with other dogs in a pack.
Dogs are social animals that require the committed time of a serious owner.
Dogs are social animals who like to belong to a family which they regard as their pack.
Dogs are social animals who require companionship.
Dogs are social animals, and in the wild tend to live in packs.
Dogs are social animals, as are people.
Dogs are social animals, but they have an acute sense of smell.
Dogs are social animals, they want to belong to a pack.
Dogs are social animals.
Dogs are social creatures and believers in social order.
Dogs are social creatures that naturally sniff and slurp.
Dogs are social creatures, genetically designed to operate within a pack for maximum survival.
Dogs are social creatures.
Dogs are social, pack-oriented animals and the owners are the members of the dog's pack.
Dogs are social, pack-oriented animals.
Dogs are social.
Dogs are something else.
Dogs are sometimes sick after eating grass.
Dogs are soon able to adapt to the cane users.
Dogs are special animals and usually perceived as part of the family.
Dogs are special because they can be guides for the blind and take care of children.
Dogs are startled and hate the smell of citronella, though it is completely harmless.
Dogs are still a significant source of rabies in other countries.
Dogs are still dogs.
Dogs are still genetically wolves, and they share seventy-eight chromosomes.
Dogs are still responsible for transmitting rabies to humans in undeveloped parts of the world.
Dogs are subject to many of the same diseases as man, plus some of their own.
Dogs are such affectionate creatures.
Dogs are superb social catalyst.
Dogs are sure things.
Dogs are susceptible to a number of ehrlichial diseases.
Dogs are susceptible to frostbite just like humans.
Dogs are susceptible to heart disease.
Dogs are susceptible to heartworms which are contracted from mosquitoes.
Dogs are susceptible to heatstroke and other related problems.
Dogs are symbols of belonging.
Dogs are tall, big boned and very agile with excellent movement and temperament.
Dogs are territorial and protective.
Dogs are territorial.
Dogs are that way because wolves are that way - survival depends on the family, or pack.
Dogs are the biggest source of animal bites leading to rabies shots worldwide.
Dogs are the brown tick's favorite host and source of bloodmeals.
Dogs are the coolest.
Dogs are the domestic animals most frequently affected.
Dogs are the domestic pet most involved in general.
Dogs are the domesticated descendents of wolves.
Dogs are the great social facilitators of our time.
Dogs are the greatest.
Dogs are the guardian angels for kids.
Dogs are the main reservoir and the infection is transmitted by sandflies.
Dogs are the main vector for human rabies.
Dogs are the most common household pet to transmit the bacteria to humans.
Dogs are the most important species.
Dogs are the most successful species.
Dogs are the next in line to man according to Bhutanese beliefs in reincarnation.
Dogs are the ones that kill and maul kids and babies all the time.
Dogs are the only creatures all over the world who never lie about their love.
Dogs are the only pets.
Dogs are the principal host.
Dogs are the same way, only more so because their sense of smell is so much more developed.
Dogs are the same way.
Dogs are the same, in that each is different.
Dogs are the second most popularly owned pet in our class.
Dogs are the superior beings.
Dogs are the usual culprits.
Dogs are the way they are from Human interactions and human domestications.
Dogs are the world's greatest pets.
Dogs are theoretically never too old to learn.
Dogs are they key to happiness.
Dogs are things that are fun.
Dogs are thought to have been first domesticated in East Asia thousands of years ago.
Dogs are threats to elephant seals.
Dogs are tiny men in little fur coats.
Dogs are to be handled on a four foot leads or in the case of larger dogs, a traffic lead.
Dogs are to be kept on a lead at all times.
Dogs are to be kept on a leash.
Dogs are to be kept under close supervision of their owners.
Dogs are to be leashed at all times when out of the guest s room.
Dogs are to be leashed at all times while on marina property.
Dogs are to be leashed while entering and exiting the park.
Dogs are to be on a lead at all times.
Dogs are to be on leash at all times.
Dogs are to be penalized in accordance to the degree they deviate from the ideal.
Dogs are to remain crated while in rooms.
Dogs are to remain crated while in.
Dogs are tolerant of their friends.
Dogs are too smart to eat poisonous substances.
Dogs are tough to litter-train.
Dogs are true omnivores.
Dogs are truly a genetic miracle, the most varied species on the planet.
Dogs are truly the main ingredient of a successful late winter pheasant hunt.
Dogs are unable to distinguish among green, yellow, orange, and red.
Dogs are unable to metabolize theobromine effectively.
Dogs are unable to recognize green, yellow, orange, and red.
Dogs are unable to sweat and can quickly overheat and dehydrate without plenty of water.
Dogs are unable to sweat, so they have a tendency to overheat much faster than humans.
Dogs are unharnessed and put on the gang line, bedded down with straw, fed, and left to rest.
Dogs are unique and wonderful animals.
Dogs are unique, just like people.
Dogs are upright as a steeple And much more loyal than people.
Dogs are used by humans for many different things , for work and as pets .
Dogs are used by humans for many different things, for work and as pets.
Dogs are used for breeding.
Dogs are used for companies.
Dogs are used for companionship.
Dogs are used for guarding the home, hunting, and as food.
Dogs are used for love.
Dogs are used for pets.
Dogs are used for playing.
Dogs are used in search and rescue situations.
Dogs are useful, certainly.
Dogs are usually so faithful.
Dogs are usually very active and like all types of outdoor sports.
Dogs are usually welcome.
Dogs are valuable friends.
Dogs are very adaptable, they can often adjust even faster than people.
Dogs are very adaptive to blindness.
Dogs are very big believers in the healing power of licking.
Dogs are very different from cats in that they can be images of human virtue.
Dogs are very direct about wanting to go out.
Dogs are very drawn to Yellows and often become their best friends.
Dogs are very easy to train.
Dogs are very intelligent but require training.
Dogs are very intelligent creatures.
Dogs are very intelligent.
Dogs are very interesting animals, with traits that cross all over the spectrum.
Dogs are very loveable.
Dogs are very loving, and neither jealous nor possessive.
Dogs are very nice animals to have.
Dogs are very nice.
Dogs are very numerous.
Dogs are very patient trainers of human beings.
Dogs are very sensitive to petroleum products - they irritate skin and eyes severely.
Dogs are very sensitive to thought pictures.
Dogs are very smart.
Dogs are very sociable animals and they want attention and love.
Dogs are very social animals and have a definite pack order.
Dogs are very social animals that thrive when surrounded by love and affection.
Dogs are very social creatures.
Dogs are very social pets.
Dogs are very special animals.
Dogs are very territorial, and most canine encounters end at the property boundary.
Dogs are very welcome.
Dogs are very, very good at reading body language.
Dogs are way too small.
Dogs are welcome all year, with the exception of the school summer holidays.
Dogs are welcome and treated like royalty.
Dogs are welcome and treats are free.
Dogs are welcome and upon arrival receive cookies, water bowls, and dog beds.
Dogs are welcome but in bedrooms only please.
Dogs are welcome by arrangement.
Dogs are welcome by prior arrangement.
Dogs are welcome everywhere in France, including stores and restaurants.
Dogs are welcome except in the restaurant or on the river banks.
Dogs are welcome for an additional sign-up fee.
Dogs are welcome for an extra fee.
Dogs are welcome here, too.
Dogs are welcome here.
Dogs are welcome if booked in advance.
Dogs are welcome if kept under strict control.
Dogs are welcome if they are leashed.
Dogs are welcome if they're friendly and kept on a leash.
Dogs are welcome in the campground and the picnic area.
Dogs are welcome in the canyons as long as they're leashed.
Dogs are welcome in the forest as long as they are kept under control.
Dogs are welcome in the garden.
Dogs are welcome inside, too.
Dogs are welcome on a lead.
Dogs are welcome on a leash.
Dogs are welcome on board on condition that they are well-behaved and are kept on a leash.
Dogs are welcome on leads.
Dogs are welcome on most state highpoints.
Dogs are welcome on the beach.
Dogs are welcome on the downtown pedestrian mall, which includes several fountains.
Dogs are welcome on the trail.
Dogs are welcome on the trails.
Dogs are welcome on trails.
Dogs are welcome only on a lead or under other restrictions, and sometimes banned completely.
Dogs are welcome outside.
Dogs are welcome provided that they are kept under strict control.
Dogs are welcome to attend.
Dogs are welcome with prior notice.
Dogs are welcome, and also encouraged to cool off in the natural springs.
Dogs are welcome, as long as they are kept under strict control.
Dogs are welcome, but no cats please.
Dogs are welcome, on leash, at the workshop.
Dogs are welcome.
Dogs are well known for the simple fact that getting a dog can make people happier.
Dogs are wise as the ages when it comes to love.
Dogs are wiser than men.
Dogs are wolves modified by breeding.
Dogs are wolves with arrested development.
Dogs are wonderful companions .
Dogs are wonderful companions, but they are also an expensive hobby.
Dogs are wonderful companions.
Dogs are wonderful creatures, but they are creatures of habit and routine.
Dogs are wonderful creatures.
Dogs are wonderful friends and companions but they are also a large responsibility.
Dogs are wonderful, simple creatures, capable of performing complex tasks.
Dogs are, by nature, pack animals.
Dogs are, in fact, omnivores as anyone who has ever owned one can attest.
Dogs arrive on the same day as shipped.
Dogs assume that direct eye contact is a challenge.
Dogs attack a mother opossum.
Dogs attack predators.
Dogs attend all classes.
Dogs attract people.
Dogs avoid predation.
Dogs bark out of boredom.
Dogs become a man's best friend.
Dogs become ill, suffer injuries and eventually die.
Dogs become pets.
Dogs become very confused when their owners words, expressions and tones don t match.
Dogs beg for food.
Dogs being imported meet federal import regulations.
Dogs believe they are human.
Dogs believe they are humans.
Dogs belong to families.
Dogs belong to genus.
Dogs benefit by getting to exercise and socialize off- leash with other dogs in a safe environment.
Dogs benefit by getting to exercise and socialize off-leash with other dogs in a safe environment.
Dogs benefit from calorie diets.
Dogs benefit from diets.
Dogs benefit from food.
Dogs bite a lot of people every year.
Dogs bite animals.
Dogs bite bones.
Dogs bite dogs.
Dogs bite mammals.
Dogs bite people riding bites.
Dogs biting both adults and children is an increasing concern in Onondaga County.
Dogs blast off to look for fun among the planets.
Dogs bother it.
Dogs breed for superior temperaments, selling both trained adults and puppies.
Dogs bring joy and happiness to their owners as well as responsibility.
Dogs bring joy and people who keep dogs as pets feel safer and live longer.
Dogs bring their own, which makes sense because there are some picky eaters in the group.
Dogs build muscle memory by doing the same number of weave poles all the time.
Dogs bury bones.
Dogs can acquire roundworm infections from their mothers while in the uterus.
Dogs can acquire whipworm through contact with the feces of an infected dog.
DOGS can also optimize the number of shoreline points included in the output data set.
Dogs can antagonize bears.
Dogs can appreciate excess body hair.
Dogs can appreciate excessive body hair.
Dogs can appreciate luxuriant body hair.
Dogs can attract or invite cougar attacks.
Dogs can bark and wake up the neighbors.
Dogs can bark.
Dogs can be a nuisance to others, can disturb livestock and frighten horses.
Dogs can be a stumbling block to home insurance buying.
Dogs can be a threat.
Dogs can be a very important asset to any farm.
Dogs can be aggressive and stubborn and willful.
Dogs can be aggressive when defending their territory or possessions from animals or humans.
Dogs can be allergic to all kinds of things in their environments or diets.
Dogs can be allergic to things they come in contact with, eat or inhale.
Dogs can be carriers also.
Dogs can be carriers of the strep bacteria, which causes strep throat.
Dogs can be counterproductive, upsetting or distracting the cattle.
Dogs can be destructive.
Dogs can be easy targets for jellyfish and sea lice.
Dogs can be fun to run with and great protection.
Dogs can be great for children, and children can be great with dogs.
Dogs can be healers, guides, gentle protectors.
Dogs can be healthy vegetarians, if they maintain an adequate balance in their diet.
Dogs can be invaluable to the maintenance of a flock.
Dogs can be loyal, faithful, humble, gentle, and generous.
Dogs can be man's best friend.
Dogs can be more aggressive then most wolfdogs are.
Dogs can be more territorial than bitches.
Dogs can be off leash as long as they are under voice control.
Dogs can be off leash as long as they refrain from trotting over to any of the nearby nordic trails.
Dogs can be off leash.
Dogs can be our best friends and companions.
Dogs can be outside to exercise but brought in several times during the day.
Dogs can be personal-care assistants to people with disabilities.
Dogs can be picky about their food.
Dogs can be possessive about their food, toys and space.
Dogs can be possessive about their food, toys, and space.
Dogs can be pretty good communicators.
Dogs can be quite depressed when infected and can be extremely itchy.
Dogs can be so human .
Dogs can be so interesting, and so curious, and so sensitive.
Dogs can be so superior in intellect and virtue.
Dogs can be the most loyal of creatures.
Dogs can be trouble in bear country.
Dogs can be very curious.
Dogs can be very messy.
Dogs can be very protective of their homes.
Dogs can be very sensitive to human emotions.
Dogs can be x-rayed as puppies and the pictures submitted to one of three registries.
Dogs can become effective sentries, although some breeds are better sentries than others.
Dogs can begin gundog training as early as six months of age.
Dogs can bite, of course, but post-commie man has pretty sharp teeth too.
Dogs can burn calories in the act of digestion.
Dogs can carry items in their mouths, and it's fun to get props t oadd to the illusion.
Dogs can catch upper respiratory infections or even suffer from allergies.
Dogs can chew furniture.
Dogs can chew the tortoise shell and limbs causing serious damage.
Dogs can climb fences and take advantage of unsecured gates.
Dogs can cost too much money.
DOGS can deal with two kinds of relations, primitive and macro ones.
Dogs can detect motion better than humans can.
Dogs can detect objects which are under water.
Dogs can detect someone nearby much sooner than humans.
Dogs can develop anemia if they consume a large quantity of onions.
Dogs can develop many different kinds of tumors.
Dogs can die in less than ten minutes in a hot car.
Dogs can distinguish between living and dead humans and give off corresponding signals.
Dogs can disturb or injure wildlife and, in turn, can be injured by other animals.
Dogs can disturb wildlife, livestock, local people, and other mountaineers.
Dogs can do things that people do too.
Dogs can drink several gallons a day.
Dogs can earn from one to five points at a show.
Dogs can eat a variety of foods.
Dogs can eat their own feces to avoid punishment from their owners.
Dogs can endure body temperature increases for only a short time or before suffering heatstroke.
Dogs can find their way back home - even after a really heavy night out.
Dogs can harass, stress, injure or kill wildlife, annoy fellow hikers and introduce disease.
Dogs can have dermal reaction.
Dogs can have health problems.
Dogs can have lethal tails, wagging all over the place.
Dogs can have miscarriages.
Dogs can have problems.
Dogs can have rabies.
Dogs can have reaction.
Dogs can have seasonal and environmental allergies as well as food allergies.
Dogs can look happy and they can look sad.
Dogs can make great pets.
Dogs can make themselves very skinny in order to escape.
Dogs can manipulate their expression and body posture to rival any chicken soup-toting yenta.
Dogs can offer people the gifts of steadfast devotion, abiding love and joyful companionship.
Dogs can perform a valuable service in helping schools to rid themselves of drugs and explosives.
Dogs can play an important role in society, helping people.
Dogs can play an important role in the lives of people with disabilities.
Dogs can predict storms.
Dogs can provide a source of positive, nonverbal communication.
Dogs can sense the energy in humans.
Dogs can sense things far away and around corners, through doors and inside containers.
Dogs can serve people in many ways .
Dogs can serve people in many ways.
Dogs can smile.
Dogs can suffer heatstroke and die in a confined space for even a short period of time.
Dogs can swim in the Bay and run free on the sandy beach.
Dogs can synthesize arachidonic acid from linoleic acid.
Dogs can talk.
Dogs can travel a great distance in a very short time.
Dogs can travel in a kennel or ride unrestrained.
Dogs can travel miles in just one day.
Dogs can wear coats and belly protectors.
Dogs can work and play in our boots.
Dogs can work in different environments, eg indoor, outdoor, rural, city or suburban.
Dogs can work other animals in a variety of ways.
Dogs carry fleas.
Dogs carry food.
Dogs carry genes.
Dogs carry health risks for some people.
Dogs carry on civilization in our absence.
Dogs catch and chew it.
Dogs catch on very quickly.
Dogs catch prey.
Dogs cause death.
Dogs cause more problems.
Dogs certainly can get cataracts which impair vision.
Dogs challenge owners.
Dogs chase animals.
Dogs chase cars.
Dogs chase cats.
Dogs chase goats.
Dogs chase prey.
Dogs chase rabbits.
Dogs chase sheep.
Dogs chase squirrels.
Dogs chase tails.
Dogs chase wildlife.
Dogs chew because they are bored or nervous.
Dogs chew food.
Dogs chew meat.
Dogs chew prey.
Dogs chew proteins.
Dogs clean their own dishes.
Dogs come from ecosystems.
Dogs come from habitats.
Dogs come in all shapes and sizes, and frequently without pedigrees to describe their heritage.
Dogs come in all shapes and sizes, representing a huge range of behaviors and appearances.
Dogs come in all shapes, sizes, coat lengths and type, color and temperament.
Dogs come in all sizes, shapes, coat length, color and temperament.
Dogs come in contact.
Dogs come in different colors.
Dogs come in heat twice a year.
Dogs come in hundreds of basic types and millions of individual personalities.
Dogs come in many shapes and sizes.
Dogs come in many sizes and personalities with a wide range of needs and breed traits.
Dogs come in packs and they usually have a leader, someone who is respected by all.
Dogs come in rust or yellow.
Dogs come into the area from time to time but seem unable to establish a permanent population there.
Dogs come into the rescue program from shelters and are surrendered by owners.
Dogs come into the schools at random about once a year.
Dogs come out of class, are tattooed, and return to class with no loss of attitude.
Dogs come second but any animal can be a cause of an allergic reaction.
Dogs come through periodically.
Dogs come when addressed.
Dogs come when called.
Dogs come when they are called.
Dogs come when they're called.
Dogs come with many different personalities, shapes and sizes.
Dogs coming into the Rescue with natural tails remain undocked.
Dogs commonly carry leptospirosis.
Dogs commonly develop diarrhea, often with blood, vomiting, loss of appetite and depression.
Dogs commonly eat grass to force themselves to vomit.
Dogs commonly get ear infections which are painful and can lead to other problems.
Dogs commonly get hookworms, whipworms, roundworms, and tapeworms.
Dogs commonly present with various degrees of paresis or paralysis in the pelvic limbs.
Dogs commonly receive one of several drugs to prevent heartworm infection.
Dogs commonly show allelomimetic behaviour.
Dogs communicate in several ways.
Dogs communicate mainly through body language.
Dogs communicate with body language and vocalization.
Dogs communicate with nearly every part of their bodies.
Dogs communicate with one another through sounds easily duplicated by humans.
Dogs communicate with their tails and ears.
Dogs compete against each other in specific classes until they are defeated.
Dogs compete for food.
Dogs compete for the best breed.
Dogs compete in a number of categories.
Dogs compulsively lick a paw, a condition known as acral lick dermatitis.
Dogs consider a hand extended over their head a dominant gesture.
Dogs consider eye contact a threatening gesture.
Dogs consume amounts.
Dogs consume food.
Dogs consume meat.
Dogs consume raw meat.
Dogs consume substances.
Dogs consume toxic substances.
Dogs contain meat.
Dogs continue to suffer behind the scenes, too.
Dogs cool off in rural lake after an intensive search for a missing man.
Dogs cool themselves by panting.
DOGS crave attention - and give as much as they get.
Dogs crave close contact with their owners and people form loving bonds with their dogs.
Dogs crave social interaction and love affection and attention.
Dogs create dens for giving birth.
Dogs cross streets.
Dogs crouch in approaching one another as their wild ancestors did in nearing their prey.
Dogs currently aid research to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs.
Dogs definitely have a sweet tooth.
Dogs dehydrate at an astounding rate.
Dogs deliver dogs, and cats deliver cats.
Dogs demonstrate their ability to obey their masters and herd a flock of sheep through a course.
Dogs derive a feeling of security from being in their crates.
Dogs descend from wolves.
Dogs deserve a fighting chance.
Dogs desire affection.
Dogs desire attention.
Dogs desire bones.
Dogs desire digs.
Dogs desire drink water.
Dogs desire eats.
Dogs desire food.
Dogs desire meat.
Dogs desire pets.
Dogs desire petteds.
Dogs desire play.
Dogs desire runs.
Dogs desire sleep.
Dogs desire the closeness of physical contact with their masters.
Dogs desire walkeds.
Dogs detect scent that is carried on thermal currents and scent that is on the ground.
Dogs develop a non-productive cough.
Dogs develop ears.
Dogs develop fatty tumors called lipomas.
Dogs develop hot spots.
Dogs develop itchiness, hair loss and hives in the groin, flanks and armpits.
Dogs develop legs.
Dogs develop many of the same immunological diseases as humans.
Dogs develop pyometra more often than cats.
Dogs develop skin.
Dogs develop spots.
Dogs develop swell legs.
Dogs die at ages.
Dogs differ from humans when it comes to the digestive system as well.
Dogs differ in their likelihood to show aggressive behavior in any particular situation.
Dogs dig burrows.
Dogs dig for a variety of reasons.
Dogs dig gardens.
Dogs dig ground.
Dogs dig holes.
Dogs dig under fences to get to goats.
Dogs dig up others'.
Dogs dig up others.
Dogs dig up yards.
Dogs display a wide variety of responses to pain.
Dogs display characteristics.
Dogs display same characteristics.
Dogs displaying unprovoked aggression fail the test.
Dogs distinctly masculine without coarseness and bitches feminine without over-refinement.
Dogs do a good job hauling sleds around in the Arctic, so they already have on the job experience.
Dogs do behavior.
Dogs do best at beaches that are empty.
Dogs do both.
Dogs do communicate, but they do so in a foreign language to humans.
Dogs do communicate, but they do so in a foreign language.
Dogs do die when the hernia gets strangulated or infected.
Dogs do eat muscle meat.
Dogs do funny things and act certain ways.
Dogs do have a strong sense of smell.
Dogs do have some young pups to watch the house.
Dogs do however have unique instincts.
Dogs do it right.
Dogs do it, birds do it, bears do it.
Dogs do it.
Dogs do know how to swim.
Dogs do like to run.
Dogs do roles.
Dogs do rule they are very smart animals.
Dogs do seem to hate the odor.
Dogs do sometimes smile as a greeting to humans.
Dogs do suffer from epilepsy and, just as in people, they respond well to chiropractic care.
Dogs do sweat, but only through their pads and tongues.
Dogs do that by chewing it up.
Dogs do the same thing.
Dogs do the same when they hear a whistle.
Dogs do tricks and keep people safe.
Dogs do well, good stools, good endurance, nice coats - all in all no complaints.
Dogs do what dogs do.
Dogs do what works.
Dogs doing it for the first time can get a little freaked out, as do first-time dog breeders.
Dogs don t appreciate bad ventriloquism.
Dogs don t bring their friends home, have slumber parties, or date.
Dogs don t discriminate.
Dogs don t handle change well.
Dogs don t handle hot and humid weather well either.
Dogs don t hate their bodies.
Dogs don t have it.
Dogs don t know how to talk on the telephone.
Dogs don t like change, and neither do their stomachs.
Dogs don t talk a lot.
Dogs don t worry about germs.
Dogs donate either sitting or lying down.
Dogs donate every three months.
Dogs draw attention.
Dogs draw heav'y loads, and they are harnessed under the cart.
Dogs drink a lot.
Dogs drink from it.
Dogs drink plenty.
Dogs drink water containing flakes of rust.
Dogs drink water.
Dogs earn points and titles through the field tests.
Dogs eat adults as well as young iguanas, while cats eat only young animals.
Dogs eat all sorts of ridiculous things they aren t supposed to.
Dogs eat and drink water in a natural, comfortable position, with less strain.
Dogs eat bacon.
Dogs eat biscuits.
Dogs eat bones .
Dogs eat bones.
Dogs eat bones.
Dogs eat both meat and vegetables , often mixed together and sold in stores as dog food .
Dogs eat both meat and vegetables, often mixed together and sold in stores as dog food.
Dogs eat chocolate souffl , too.
Dogs eat contaminated soil or objects in the soil and the cycle of infection begins.
Dogs eat diets.
Dogs eat dog food.
Dogs eat dogs.
Dogs eat fly insects.
Dogs eat food.
Dogs eat garbage.
Dogs eat grass because they are sick or have worms.
Dogs eat grass to make themselves vomit.
Dogs eat grass when they are sick.
Dogs eat grass.
Dogs eat homemade food.
Dogs eat human faeces.
Dogs eat insects.
Dogs eat less of the higher quality products, thus reducing the cost.
Dogs eat meat.
Dogs eat nutritious diets.
Dogs eat poop for a number of reasons.
Dogs eat prey.
Dogs eat professors' homework too.
Dogs eat stuff.
Dogs eat their own faeces.
Dogs eat their own feces.
Dogs eat upon our plates and sleep in our beds.
Dogs eat, sleep, eat some more.
Dogs eating grass mean rain.
Dogs embody the definition of a soul mate .
Dogs emerge as thoughtful companions with very active minds.
Dogs encourage compassion.
Dogs end up at rescue for a variety of reasons.
Dogs end up in rescue for a variety of reasons.
Dogs engage in activities.
Dogs enhance our lives.
Dogs enjoy ball games.
Dogs enjoy chasing cats because they are dogs.
Dogs enjoy chasing squirrels.
Dogs enjoy chewy snacks.
Dogs enjoy companionship.
Dogs enjoy food.
Dogs enjoy friends.
Dogs enjoy going for walks even though the food is at home.
Dogs enjoy guardians.
Dogs enjoy heavy petting in public .
Dogs enjoy heavy petting in public.
Dogs enjoy life.
Dogs enjoy meals.
Dogs enjoy snacks.
Dogs enjoy the freedom and speed and challenge.
Dogs enjoy the freedom, speed, and challenge.
Dogs enjoy the simple life.
Dogs enjoy winning prizes for their good behavior.
Dogs enter adulthood.
Dogs enter areas.
Dogs enter homes.
Dogs enter houses.
Dogs enter life.
Dogs enter nest areas.
Dogs enter old age at different rates.
Dogs enter shelter.
Dogs enter situations.
Dogs enter the barrel and burrow their way through the chute material to emerge on the other side.
Dogs excel at night vision and the detection of moving objects.
Dogs exhibit characteristic postures that reveal their states of mind.
Dogs exhibit coats.
Dogs exhibit diseases.
Dogs exhibit itching either by licking or chewing the skin or scratching with their feet.
Dogs exhibit pack behavior and normally regard the head of the household as the leader of the pack.
Dogs exhibit respiratory diseases.
Dogs exhibit severe diseases.
Dogs exhibit severe respiratory diseases.
Dogs exist in a wide range of sizes, colors, and temperaments.
Dogs expend energy in many different ways.
Dogs experience ovulation.
Dogs experience spontaneous ovulation.
Dogs exploit all of the above.
Dogs express dominance to each other by putting their heads, paws, or entire bodies over each other.
Dogs express themselves and communicate with body language, vocalizations and behavior.
Dogs extend our lives, if the truth be known.
Dogs face problems.
Dogs fall within the second category.
Dogs feature ears.
Dogs feel guilt when they've done something wrong.
Dogs feel guilty when they do something wrong.
Dogs feel guilty when they have done something wrong.
Dogs feel guilty when they've done something wrong.
Dogs feel pain just like humans.
Dogs feel pain, fear, loneliness, joy, love, and loyalty.
Dogs feel pain.
Dogs feel secure in small, enclosed spaces, like a den.
Dogs feel very protective of their family, house, and personal belongings.
Dogs feel wind.
Dogs fight at different intensities and for different reasons.
Dogs fight in the alleys.
Dogs figure in each of three semi-connected episodes, both as pets and contenders in dogfights.
Dogs figure prominently in the lives of many fulfilled oldsters.
Dogs find new smells along the riverbank.
Dogs find themselves outside only briefly for exercise or elimination.
Dogs follow body language much more than they follow verbal commands.
Dogs form dynamic pack structures, and some dogs want to be leaders more than others do.
Dogs form social hierarchies of which the owners can take advantage.
Dogs freely ingest toxic amounts of chocolate if it is left accessible.
Dogs gain healthy weight.
Dogs gain weight for the same reason that people do.
Dogs gain weight.
Dogs gather information that way.
Dogs generally are more loving and faithful than bitches.
Dogs generally form most of their plaque on the outside of their teeth.
Dogs generally like to bed close to their master as they are pack animals.
Dogs generally whimper to show sadness instead.
Dogs get a breath of fresh air on daily walks outside.
Dogs get acute pancreatitis, which can be fatal, and can become chronic and relapsing.
Dogs get along with dogs.
Dogs get any indulgence satisfied.
Dogs get bored and look for things to do.
Dogs get by with a minimum of creature comforts.
Dogs get cancer at roughly the same rate as humans, while cats get fewer cancers.
Dogs get car-sick on winding mountain roads.
Dogs get carsick.
Dogs get conditions.
Dogs get dandruff like humans and usually it is harmless.
Dogs get erections.
Dogs get food.
Dogs get giardia from water that has been soiled with feces.
Dogs get growth.
Dogs get hookworm if they come in contact with the larvae in contaminated soil.
Dogs get into fights and they do get bitten.
Dogs get it all the time.
Dogs get it from feeding on the dead carcass of an infected animal.
Dogs get lonely when they are by themselves.
Dogs get lonely when they spend too much time alone.
Dogs get many diseases and parasites through their ears.
Dogs get medals for killing snakes here in Australia.
Dogs get osteosarcomas more frequently than humans and their disease is very similar.
Dogs get post-vaccinal granulomas, but no neoplastic transformation has been reported.
Dogs get really big biscuits when they stop by with their owners.
Dogs get scent.
Dogs get seasonal allergies too.
Dogs get so excited over simple things.
Dogs get tapeworms by ingesting fleas.
Dogs get the coronavirus when they ingest the feces of another dog with the infection.
Dogs get their energy from fat.
Dogs get their first booster shot and rabies vaccination if at the appropriate age.
Dogs get tricks.
Dogs get two long walks each day and can be given necessary basic training.
Dogs get very dehydrated when vomiting or having diarrhea.
Dogs give and receive love unconditionally.
Dogs give birth to animals.
Dogs give birth to dogs.
Dogs give birth to litters, meaning multiple puppies.
Dogs give birth to offspring.
Dogs give birth to puppies.
Dogs give so much more than they demand.
Dogs give so much to our society and make important contributions that sometimes go unnoticed.
Dogs give unconditional angelic love and sincere smoochies.
Dogs go after goats individually or in packs, with pack attacks being the worst.
Dogs go arf.
Dogs go into heat.
Dogs go into seizures if their blood sugar drops too low and cats act as if they're drunk.
Dogs go nutty for our P-Nutty treats.
Dogs go out for a sniff around, and come back bearing ticks.
Dogs go run.
Dogs go through puberty.
Dogs go through stages in their coat development.
Dogs go through stages.
Dogs go to doors.
Dogs go to food.
Dogs go to homes.
Dogs go to vets.
Dogs go to water.
Dogs greet each other by sniffing bottoms.
Dogs greet visitors to a lovingly restored Victorian home in Lime Rock.
Dogs grow larger and are stronger.
Dogs grow thicker winter coats to keep warmer in winter .
Dogs grow up quickly too.
Dogs growl quietly as the morning's first passerby disrupts their sleep.
Dogs harass elderly people carrying groceries as well as young children with lunch bags.
Dogs harboring adult worms are the recognized reservoir of infection.
Dogs has-part arteries.
Dogs has-part bones.
Dogs has-part eyes.
Dogs has-part follicles.
Dogs has-part glands.
Dogs has-part guts.
Dogs has-part hips.
Dogs has-part jaws.
Dogs has-part mouths.
Dogs has-part noses.
Dogs has-part skin.
Dogs hate cats.
Dogs hate getting water in their ears and understandably in their nose.
Dogs hate that noise.
Dogs hate that part.
Dogs hate the smell.
Dogs have (part) bone cells.
Dogs have (part) brains.
Dogs have (part) breasts.
Dogs have (part) chest cavities.
Dogs have (part) chests.
Dogs have (part) corpi.
Dogs have (part) ears.
Dogs have (part) faces.
Dogs have (part) ground substances.
Dogs have (part) heads.
Dogs have (part) marrow.
Dogs have (part) mast cells.
Dogs have (part) pads.
Dogs have (part) paws.
Dogs have (part) piluses.
Dogs have (part) rib cages.
Dogs have (part) sections.
Dogs have (part) skulls.
Dogs have (part) sterna.
Dogs have a den instinct.
Dogs have a distinctive sound when they trailing a bear and another when they've treed it.
Dogs have a fine sense of hearing.
Dogs have a good sense of hearing.
Dogs have a good sense of smell.
Dogs have a habitual behaviour pattern they follow prior to eliminating.
Dogs have a higher metabolic rate than humans.
Dogs have a higher metabolism than people.
Dogs have a higher protein requirement than humans.
Dogs have a highly-developed sense of smell.
Dogs have a keen sense of hearing.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell and are used by humans in hunting, detection, and tracking.
Dogs have a limited ability to cool themselves.
Dogs have a limited ability to dissipate body heat.
Dogs have a long tongue when they re young.
Dogs have a longer grace period.
Dogs have a lot of qualities, although loyalty is probably the most noteworthy.
Dogs have a low attention span.
Dogs have a more sensitive sense of smell than man.
Dogs have a much higher incidence of nasal sinus cancer than do people.
Dogs have a natural instinct to chase and catch things.
Dogs have a natural instinct to guard and to protect children.
Dogs have a natural instinct to want structure, rules and boundaries.
Dogs have a natural, inborn philosophy toward the life they live.
Dogs have a passion for fair play and justice.
Dogs have a protective instinct.
Dogs have a real hard time turning down tummy rubs.
Dogs have a really good nose.
Dogs have a reputation for being man's best friend, and it seems to be true.
Dogs have a rich blood supply in their tongues.
Dogs have a sense of smell that is at least one hundred times more sensitive than the human nose.
Dogs have a sense of smell that is many times more sensitive than man's.
Dogs have a sense of smell which is much more sensitive than the human sense of smell.
Dogs have a short digestive tract that is made to digest meat.
Dogs have a superior sense of hearing.
Dogs have a tendency to lick their personal parts.
Dogs have a tendency to make people forget they're sick.
Dogs have a tendency to urinate on condensers.
Dogs have a third eyelid located in the corner of each eye.
Dogs have a third eyelid, called the nictitating membrane.
Dogs have a threshold of tolerance.
Dogs have a totally different relationship than any other pet species have with their owners.
Dogs have a unique relationship with humans, and contribute to human society in many ways.
Dogs have a unique way of determining the direction of sound.
Dogs have a very high sense perception.
Dogs have a very strong sence of smell too.
Dogs have a very strong sense of duty.
Dogs have a way of bringing people out.
Dogs have a wide variety of toys they like.
Dogs have abdomens.
Dogs have ability.
Dogs have acute hearing.
Dogs have all the good attributes of humans but none of their deficits.
Dogs have allergen.
Dogs have allergic reaction.
Dogs have almost as many personalities as humans.
Dogs have amounts.
Dogs have an amazing capacity to learn commands.
Dogs have an amazing immunity system specifically designed to eat all manner of bacteria.
Dogs have an amazing sense of smell.
Dogs have an especially hard time being alone for long periods of time.
Dogs have an extreme and very precise level of control over their bite.
Dogs have an extremely accurate ability to sense daily routines.
Dogs have an incredible hearing ability.
Dogs have an inordinate fascination with women's crotches.
Dogs have anal glands.
Dogs have anal sacs on either side of the anus which fill with fluid produced by the anal glands.
Dogs have appetite.
Dogs have armpits too.
Dogs have as much exposed area inside their nose as they have on their entire body.
Dogs have bacterial infection.
Dogs have bad breaths.
Dogs have bad days, like people.
Dogs have basic obedience training.
Dogs have bellies.
Dogs have big hearts.
Dogs have bite but, frankly, the soups are superior.
Dogs have bones.
Dogs have both indoor and outdoor runs.
Dogs have boundless energy, enthusiasm, and approach their work with joy.
Dogs have brains.
Dogs have breaths.
Dogs have Buddha nature.
Dogs have canines.
Dogs have claws.
Dogs have clean drink water.
Dogs have clean water.
Dogs have coats.
Dogs have curly coats.
Dogs have deep thoughts.
Dogs have definite likes and dislikes, just as people do.
Dogs have definite musical preferences and a sense of pitch.
Dogs have different barks for different occasions.
Dogs have different needs than humans do.
Dogs have different personalities and needs just like people.
Dogs have different perspective when it comes to fear behavior reaction.
Dogs have different physical features.
Dogs have different requirements, depending on size, personality, etc.
Dogs have difficulty digesting corn, which is often the number one ingredient in dog foods today.
Dogs have disease, too.
Dogs have distinct body postures they use to communicate.
Dogs have distinctive barks.
Dogs have dog breath all the time.
Dogs have dog breathe all the time.
Dogs have dog-breath all the time.
Dogs have dog-breath ALL the time.
Dogs have dome foreheads.
Dogs have drink water.
Dogs have ear infection.
Dogs have ears.
Dogs have effects.
Dogs have emotions that can be seen and recognized by humans.
Dogs have enemies.
Dogs have energy.
Dogs have expectancy.
Dogs have extremely sensitive smelling ability and can probably pick up that odor.
Dogs have eyes.
Dogs have fantastic tracking ability because humans leave a pretty good scent trail.
Dogs have favorite places that they like to urinate on.
Dogs have features.
Dogs have feelings too.
Dogs have feelings.
Dogs have few ways to eliminate heat.
Dogs have fleas.
Dogs have fleas.
Dogs have foreheads.
Dogs have four legs but only two knees, in the back.
Dogs have four legs, but walk on one path.
Dogs have four molars in the upper jaw and six in the lower.
Dogs have free access to the outdoor runs except during inclement weather when access is controlled.
Dogs have free run of the hotel and grounds, except the dining room at meal times.
Dogs have friends.
Dogs have front legs.
Dogs have fun.
Dogs have fur and breed specific furnishings.
Dogs have fur.
Dogs have gay sex frequently.
Dogs have glands.
Dogs have good outdoor space to run around and walks in the local area also.
Dogs have great endurance, but no remarkable speed.
Dogs have great tolerance.
Dogs have habits.
Dogs have healthy habits.
Dogs have hearts.
Dogs have humans.
Dogs have inefficient cooling systems compared to humans.
Dogs have infallible bullshit detectors.
Dogs have infection.
Dogs have intelligence.
Dogs have invert papillomas.
Dogs have iron stomachs when it comes to things like that.
Dogs have irrational fears about vacuum cleaning.
Dogs have it too, that spirit.
Dogs have jaws.
Dogs have just one set of tonsils.
Dogs have kidneys.
Dogs have legs.
Dogs have less reaction to stings than people.
Dogs have life expectancy.
Dogs have lifespans.
Dogs have local vets.
Dogs have long or short muzzles, cats only have short ones.
Dogs have low growth and low market share.
Dogs have magnets on base so they attract or repel when one sniffs at the wrong end.
Dogs have many boobs.
Dogs have many enemies.
Dogs have many more ear problems than cats.
Dogs have many opportunities to compete and earn titles.
Dogs have masters.
Dogs have more chance of receiving an award for bravery.
Dogs have more receptors and many more types.
Dogs have more sense than people do.
Dogs have more sensitive noses than humans.
Dogs have more special cells in their nose and nasal cavity that are sensitve to different odors.
Dogs have most of the same muscles, tendons, joints, and ligaments as people.
Dogs have muscles.
Dogs have muscular front legs.
Dogs have muscular legs.
Dogs have natural instincts to protect their homes and families.
Dogs have new tricks.
Dogs have no guile.
Dogs have no place running at large.
Dogs have no psychological sex drive.
Dogs have no sweat glands and can only lose heat by panting.
Dogs have no taste buds.
Dogs have no use for cards, flowers, or jewelry.
Dogs have no use for flowers, cards or jewelry.
Dogs have no use for flowers, cards, or jewellery.
Dogs have no use for flowers, cards, or jewelry .
Dogs have no use for flowers, cards, or jewelry.
Dogs have no use for flowers, cards, perfume, or jewelry.
Dogs have no use for jewellery.
Dogs have none, they purely love.
Dogs have noses.
Dogs have odor.
Dogs have only four toes.
Dogs have only one cycle which is unrelated to the season and so are monoestrous.
Dogs have opportunity.
Dogs have origins.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff' Looking forward to meeting the cat.
Dogs have owners.
Dogs have paddle shaped sperm heads.
Dogs have papillomas.
Dogs have patterns.
Dogs have paws.
Dogs have penises.
Dogs have personality and behavioral traits just as humans.
Dogs have physical features.
Dogs have poor appetite.
Dogs have powerful jaws that inflict fatal wounds to their prey.
Dogs have powerful jaws, and sharp teeth.
Dogs have powerful jaws.
Dogs have powerful muscles.
Dogs have precise food requirements.
Dogs have prognathism.
Dogs have pulses.
Dogs have puppies because they like to have sex.
Dogs have puppies.
Dogs have purposes.
Dogs have quality.
Dogs have reaction.
Dogs have reddish fur.
Dogs have regular habits.
Dogs have relatively poor eyesight but make up for it with their keen hearing and sense of smell.
Dogs have secondary bacterial infection.
Dogs have secondary bacterial skin infection.
Dogs have secondary infection.
Dogs have senses.
Dogs have sensitive stomachs.
Dogs have sensitivity.
Dogs have serious effects.
Dogs have seven lobes or branches of lung.
Dogs have sharp sense of smell.
Dogs have sharp teeth to grind food and are fast learners.
Dogs have sharp teeth.
Dogs have shiny coats.
Dogs have short coats.
Dogs have short ears.
Dogs have short snouts.
Dogs have simple stomaches and short digestive tracts for digesting meat.
Dogs have skin infection.
Dogs have smaller heads than wolves.
Dogs have smell.
Dogs have snouts.
Dogs have some tubular secretion of creatinine.
Dogs have special preferences for combinations of sugar and meat.
Dogs have stomachs.
Dogs have strength.
Dogs have such a great attitude.
Dogs have such configurations, but cats, both large and small, are more discreet.
Dogs have superior night vision.
Dogs have tails, cats have whiskers, elephants have trunks, and people have hands and legs.
Dogs have tails.
Dogs have tan fur.
Dogs have tapeworm infection.
Dogs have teeth.
Dogs have ten breasts.
Dogs have tendencies.
Dogs have that unconditional love.
Dogs have the cleanest mouths, followed by cats.
Dogs have the face out front and the brain box behind - they are dumb.
Dogs have the innate ability to separate out smells.
Dogs have the intellectual and emotional capabilities of two-year old human children.
Dogs have the run of the whole place, except for the dining room.
Dogs have their own attitudes,voice and body language, and mindset.
Dogs have their own specific exercise, nutrition and grooming needs.
Dogs have their own, personalized lockers to hold items like treats and leashes.
Dogs have thick coats.
Dogs have thick fur.
Dogs have thoughts.
Dogs have three eyelids.
Dogs have tight stomachs.
Dogs have time.
Dogs have to be on a leash when taken for a walk.
Dogs have to be six months old before they are spayed or neutered.
Dogs have to be walked, fed and occasionally bathed.
Dogs have to depend on humans for their food and lodging.
Dogs have to house-trained, loved, exercised, played with and fed.
Dogs have to improvise.
Dogs have tongues.
Dogs have toys.
Dogs have tricks.
Dogs have trouble with spicy foods, fruits and raw vegetables.
Dogs have two forms of melanin in their coats.
Dogs have two glands next to their anus.
Dogs have two types of cones.
Dogs have types.
Dogs have variation.
Dogs have very complex needs and each dog is unique.
Dogs have very few sweat glands and they use painting to reduce their body temperature.
Dogs have very keen noses, and they follow a good smell.
Dogs have very poor color vision.
Dogs have very sharp claws.
Dogs have vets.
Dogs have voices.
Dogs have water.
Dogs have white bellies.
Dogs have zero patience.
Dogs heal their wounds by licking.
Dogs hear animals.
Dogs hear cats.
Dogs hear dogs.
Dogs hear in a range far above the capabilities of the human ear.
Dogs hear sound.
Dogs hear supersonic whistles that are seemingly silent.
Dogs help a lot of different people.
Dogs help companionship.
Dogs help ease loss.
Dogs help masters.
Dogs help people.
Dogs highly recommend it.
Dogs hold a special place in our hearts.
Dogs hunt birds.
Dogs hunt hares.
Dogs hunt pheasants.
Dogs identify things either in black or white.
Dogs include dogs.
Dogs infect with parasites.
Dogs influence the family budget.
Dogs ingest it during grooming.
Dogs inherit their mitochondrial DNA from their mothers.
Dogs instinctively bark at anything unusual.
Dogs instinctively chase wildlife, including birds and deer.
Dogs instinctively chew grass.
Dogs instinctively guard their food and their space to protect it.
Dogs instinctively mark their territory.
Dogs interpret direct eye contact as a threat or challenge.
Dogs interpret direct eye contact as a threat.
Dogs invade areas.
Dogs investigate objects with their mouths.
Dogs invite each other to play using body language.
Dogs jump according to their shoulder height.
Dogs jump on people for one of two reasons, or perhaps for both.
Dogs jump the hurdles and step on a spring loaded flyball box that shoots out a tennis ball.
Dogs just come with the territory.
Dogs just crash right in front of the screen.
Dogs just love to munch on forbidden stuff.
Dogs keep the same temperament right through the month.
Dogs keep wagging their tails for hours after they die.
Dogs kill koalas.
Dogs kill turtles and other wildlife.
Dogs know a lot about eugenics.
Dogs know about that.
Dogs know how to bark.
Dogs know how to live .
Dogs know it all too well.
Dogs know more about their pedigrees than adoptees do in Oregon.
Dogs know things - they have a sense about people.
Dogs know things by their smell.
Dogs know what they want and are fine with that.
Dogs know when they have been given a second chance.
Dogs know when they re about to get a bath, too.
Dogs know when to leave women alone.
Dogs know who their rivals are, they know what to mate with, roughly speaking.
Dogs lap up the water as it runs into the pan.
Dogs laugh, but they laugh with their tails.
Dogs lead life.
Dogs lead normal life.
Dogs lead the blind and warn epileptics of seizures.
Dogs learn a lot of things because they are reinforced.
Dogs learn at different paces.
Dogs learn at least every waking minute.
Dogs learn by association.
Dogs learn by linking cause and effect.
Dogs learn directional controls and targeting.
Dogs learn easier and faster with positive motivation.
Dogs learn everything by association.
Dogs learn from positive and negative experiences.
Dogs learn from, and react to, the way people behave.
Dogs learn how to manipulate the happy drinker very quickly.
Dogs learn many social rules through play.
Dogs learn quicker when verbal commands are paired with visual cues.
Dogs learn quickly, even bad habits.
Dogs learn quickly, love praise, and most are very willing to please their owner.
Dogs learn the elements of guiding through repetition and abundant praise.
Dogs learn their behavior patterns through the repetition of reward and punishment.
Dogs learn through experience.
Dogs learn through their mouths.
Dogs learn thru immediate association.
Dogs learn to attack rather than retreat.
Dogs learn to obey through developing self-control rather than out of fear.
Dogs learn to pick out a destination and run to it.
Dogs learn to play from each other.
Dogs learn to shut off the unwanted sound by stopping the behavior.
Dogs learn to sit all by themselves.
Dogs learn to sit, stay, come, down, and walk nicely on a leash.
Dogs learn tricks, like begging, shaking hands or playing dead.
Dogs leave their piles on the trails and in camping areas.
Dogs leave tracks.
Dogs Let the fur fly, 'cause war is on.
Dogs lick anything, anywhere, in front of anyone.
Dogs lick because of a physical or psychological reason.
Dogs lick hands.
Dogs lick their feet when they are suffering from a contact dermatitis or a food allergy.
Dogs lick their wounds, they clean 'em real good.
Dogs lie around all day sprawled on the most comfortable piece of furniture in the house.
Dogs lie around all day, sprawled on the most comfortable piece of furniture in the house.
Dogs lie sleeping.
Dogs lift heads.
Dogs lift jaws.
Dogs lift legs.
Dogs lift noses.
Dogs lift their legs and pee.
Dogs lift their legs on packs and tents.
Dogs like to bark.
Dogs like to be busy.
Dogs like to be jumped at, patted roughly or scratched in an vigorous manner.
Dogs like to be outdoors.
Dogs like to beg.
Dogs like to chase moving objects.
Dogs like to chase things, whether real or imagined.
Dogs like to chew on aquatic turtles as much as box turtles, treatment is similar.
Dogs like to chew on shoes and slippers.
Dogs like to eat cat food because it is very high in protein and therefore very tasty.
Dogs like to eat cat food because it is very high in protein, and therefore very tasty.
Dogs like to eat poop.
DOGs like to have their own toys.
Dogs like to look up lady's dresses and the lady seems mighty playful or pleased with said dog.
Dogs like to mouth and chew things.
Dogs like to play and have a good time, just as humans do.
Dogs like to play fetch.
Dogs like to ride in the car .
Dogs like to roam.
Dogs like to rough-house.
Dogs like to stick close to their leaders.
Dogs like to walk around the neighborhood.
Dogs like to work.
Dogs live all across the world.
Dogs live all around the farm and most like to sleep in doghouses.
Dogs live and act in a world of exquisitely subtle signals in their interactions with each other.
Dogs live in areas.
Dogs live in countries.
Dogs live in countrysides.
Dogs live in environments.
Dogs live in homes.
Dogs live in households.
Dogs live in houses.
Dogs live in most countries around the world.
Dogs live in neighborhoods.
Dogs live in our houses, eat our food, and share our beds.
Dogs live in packs.
Dogs live in places.
Dogs live in rainforest environments.
Dogs live in shelter.
Dogs live in the here and now.
Dogs live in the moment.
Dogs live into their teens with smaller breeds living longer than the larger breeds.
Dogs live on emotions.
Dogs live with their handlers for the duration of their working lives.
Dogs live, hunt and play in hierarchical social packs headed by an alpha male and alpha female.
Dogs look dumb again.
Dogs look much better at the end of a leash.
Dogs look up and bark when they want something that is in a tree.
Dogs lose excess body heat through the pads of their feet and from panting.
Dogs lose interest.
Dogs lose life.
Dogs lose water.
Dogs love beds.
Dogs love biscuits.
Dogs love chasing toys that look like real animals.
Dogs love company, and having a companion can cut down on destructive or annoying behavior.
Dogs love dogs.
Dogs love em.
Dogs love food more than almost anything else.
Dogs love food.
Dogs love for the best reasons.
Dogs love friends.
Dogs love hard bread.
Dogs love it when yur friends come over.
Dogs love it, but it can be toxic and even lethal if consumed in large quantities.
Dogs love it, sometimes even very finicky eaters.
Dogs love it.
Dogs love long car trips.
Dogs love meat trimmings.
Dogs love our beef and liver flavoring.
Dogs love people.
Dogs love red meat.
Dogs love soft squeaky toys.
Dogs love taking trips in RVs, too.
Dogs love that.
Dogs love the flavor.
Dogs love the textured, bumpy feel.
Dogs love the unusual shape and the raised bumps help keep gums and teeth clean.
Dogs love to be challenged.
Dogs love to chase creatures.
Dogs love to chase people.
Dogs love to chew, so be sure they have rubber bones and other chewables.
Dogs love to do it.
Dogs love to drive.
Dogs love to forage or work for their meals.
Dogs love to investigate, getting a real kick out of being in the field.
Dogs love to lay about on high.
Dogs love to learn and they love to be with their owners.
Dogs love to learn new things and are happiest when given a task or job to do.
Dogs love to learn.
Dogs love to play games such as retrieving a ball or stick and many enjoy swimming.
Dogs love to play keep-away.
Dogs love to play with a frisbee.
Dogs love to retrieve, but sticks can splinter or impale the roof of the mouth.
Dogs love to run beneath the sun and splash in streams and oceans.
Dogs love to run, chase and retrieve toys.
Dogs love to swim and fetch.
Dogs love to tug-of-wars.
Dogs love tummy rubs, but most cats are too sensitive for that.
Dogs love water.
Dogs mainly cool themselves by panting- breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth.
Dogs maintain weight.
Dogs make all kinds of noises but, more than any other, they bark.
Dogs make an appealing appearance.
Dogs make appearances.
Dogs make bonds.
Dogs make choices when pursuing prey, cats investigate all available bolt-holes.
Dogs make clatter noise.
Dogs make for a more exciting hunt and hold young interests better than still or stand hunting.
Dogs make funny sound.
Dogs make good friends.
Dogs make good house pets.
Dogs make good pets because they like to play in the park .
Dogs make good pets.
Dogs make great pets because of their natural bonding with humans and their affinity for children.
Dogs make great running partners, providing both companionship and security.
Dogs make great therapists.
Dogs make great walking companions.
Dogs make loud clatter noise.
Dogs make loud noise.
Dogs make messes.
Dogs make no judgments.
Dogs make noise.
Dogs make periodic appearances.
Dogs make pets.
Dogs make short strides.
Dogs make snore noise.
Dogs make sound.
Dogs make strides.
Dogs make the worst puns.
Dogs make wonderful companions who are playful and fun to be with.
Dogs mark territory.
Dogs mark their territories by urinating on the trees.
Dogs mark their territories with scents from their bodies.
Dogs mark their territory.
Dogs may have growth.
Dogs may have hair growth.
Dogs may have heat.
Dogs may have infection.
Dogs may have medical problems.
Dogs may have problems.
Dogs may have reaction.
Dogs may have respiratory infection.
Dogs may have symptoms.
Dogs metabolize Phenytoin much faster than people.
Dogs misbehave more often when they are bored, either physically or mentally.
Dogs miss there owners more than cats.
Dogs mostly use facial expressions and body postures to signal intent.
Dogs mouth each other about the neck when playing.
Dogs move backs.
Dogs move bones.
Dogs move ears.
Dogs move eyes.
Dogs move feet.
Dogs move heads.
Dogs move legs.
Dogs move tails.
Dogs move teeth.
Dogs move to locations.
Dogs naturally avoid soiling their den or bed area.
Dogs naturally defend their territories.
Dogs naturally dig holes for protection.
Dogs naturally guard their babies, food, bones and toys.
Dogs naturally guard their puppies, food, bones and toys.
Dogs naturally have a wonderful sense of smell.
Dogs naturally love to chase and catch things.
Dogs naturally run in packs and easily become part of a family.
Dogs navigate in brush better than humans.
Dogs navigate most brush better than most people.
Dogs need attention.
Dogs need calcium.
Dogs need calorie intake.
Dogs need care.
Dogs need daily intake.
Dogs need dental care.
Dogs need food.
Dogs need homes.
Dogs need intake.
Dogs need interaction.
Dogs need meat.
Dogs need medical treatments.
Dogs need social interaction.
Dogs need special attention.
Dogs need treatments.
Dogs need vitamins.
Dogs never ask to borrow money or use the car.
Dogs never criticize.
Dogs never expect gifts.
Dogs never graduate from training.
Dogs never lobby for foot-rubs.
Dogs never pretend to have their finances under control.
Dogs never resist nap time.
Dogs never stop barking.
Dogs never talk too much.
Dogs normally eat less food during the hot summer months.
Dogs normally salivate at the sight and smell of food.
Dogs nose through the rubble.
Dogs occur in areas.
Dogs occur in environments.
Dogs offer many things to people.
Dogs offer people the gifts of steadfast devotion, abiding love and companionship.
Dogs offer real value as companion animals.
Dogs offer unconditional love.
Dogs only are available for adoption.
Dogs only have a limited amount of time at the shelters until they have to be put down.
Dogs only have sweat glands in their foot pads.
Dogs only have sweat glands in their paws.
Dogs only kill when they have to.
Dogs only sweat from the bottoms of their feet, the only way they can discharge heat is by panting.
Dogs open eyes.
Dogs operate as pack animals.
Dogs originate from coyotes and wolves.
Dogs originate from wolves.
Dogs owned by people who travel extensively also have a poorer prognosis.
Dogs owned by staff members visit several times a week and plenty of green plants grace the home.
Dogs participating in sport and training activities are subject to episodes of injury.
Dogs pay the same rate as their owners.
Dogs perform a variety of tasks for individuals with multiple handicaps or special needs.
Dogs perform numerous tasks.
Dogs perform tasks.
Dogs perform the stand for examination, recall, long sit, and long down of lead.
Dogs perhaps are the only species, which so easily adapts to living as part of a human family.
Dogs perspire through their pads.
Dogs pick ticks up while running in fields or wooded areas close to residential areas.
Dogs pick up on our routines and habits, and they also sense how much time has passed.
Dogs pick up on the energy of their humans.
Dogs pick up scent.
Dogs pick up sticks.
Dogs play a prominent role in our lives.
Dogs play a very important role in a girl s life.
Dogs play an integral role as the local garbage collectors.
Dogs play baseball and penguins surf the Internet.
Dogs play big roles.
Dogs play roles.
Dogs play together all day long and are always supervised.
Dogs play, chase all manner of toys left to share and socialize.
Dogs poop everywhere and anywhere.
Dogs poop here and there, and some dog owners just leave it.
Dogs pose a minimal risk for transmitting a disease.
Dogs possess blood.
Dogs possess bodies.
Dogs possess descendants.
Dogs possess families.
Dogs possess friends.
Dogs possess genes.
Dogs possess microbes.
Dogs possess parasites.
Dogs possess reaction.
Dogs possess superhuman strength while on a bed.
Dogs prefer areas.
Dogs prefer to be touched on their own terms.
Dogs prefer to mark on vertical surfaces to allow the transference of the scent through the air.
Dogs prefer to work things out in their groups peacefully, much as humans do.
Dogs prey on animals.
Dogs prey on wild animals.
Dogs prey upon animals.
Dogs probably have the greatest olfactory ability of the domestic species.
Dogs probably lack the ability to see the range of colors from green to red.
Dogs produce a large amount of saliva.
Dogs produce cortisol.
Dogs produce much cortisol.
Dogs produce multiple allergens, or proteins that can cause allergy.
Dogs produce puppies.
Dogs provide a sense of security to people of all ages.
Dogs provide an ideal prototype for the study of behavior in humans.
Dogs provide an interesting proof of evolution.
Dogs provide assistance.
Dogs provide protection.
Dogs pull ears back when relaxed, silly, unhappy, or eavesdropping.
Dogs pull in more than one direction.
Dogs pursue animals.
Dogs quickly adapt to a routine, and come to expect the same activities on a daily basis.
Dogs quickly adapt to our design with the door offset to one side.
Dogs quickly become focused on the handler's body, with particular focus on the shoulders.
Dogs quickly lose interest and pretty much stop digging.
Dogs race around peeing on one another with aplomb.
Dogs raise legs.
Dogs raise puppies.
Dogs range in ages.
Dogs range in size.
Dogs reach adult weight.
Dogs reach adulthood.
Dogs reach full maturity.
Dogs reach full sexual maturity.
Dogs reach maturity.
Dogs reach physical maturity.
Dogs reach sexual maturity.
Dogs reach weight.
Dogs react differently to training.
Dogs react differently to young kids.
Dogs react strongly to threats and taunts, whether real or imagined.
Dogs react to heat by panting or digging holes in the earth under shady trees or bushes.
Dogs readily take to training, and can be easily housebroken.
Dogs really do know trouble when they see it.
Dogs really do well making the transition.
Dogs really love the sessions and leave feeling very rejuvenated.
Dogs really respond to praise.
Dogs receive and recall conflicting images of owners and many important experiences.
Dogs receive as much exercise as they are used to with their owners.
Dogs receive attention.
Dogs receive diets.
Dogs receive food.
Dogs receive free canine products to test and report their results.
Dogs receive magnesium diets.
Dogs receive one vaccination.
Dogs receive personal attention daily.
Dogs receive training and socialization with other dogs.
Dogs receive two walks daily, treats, weekly baths and lots and lots of love and care.
Dogs receive vitamins.
Dogs recognize people by their smell.
Dogs recover from infection.
Dogs recover from spaying or neutering in about a week, with minimal discomfort.
Dogs recovering from anesthesia require specialized care.
Dogs reduce depression.
Dogs reject certain human food, like honey which comes from flowers.
Dogs relate to experience in the moment.
Dogs rely on hearing and smell much more than they do their eyes.
Dogs rely on their keen sense of smell to introduce themselves to their surroundings.
Dogs remain dogs, corn remains corn, finches remain finches.
Dogs remain susceptible to re-infection with hookworms and roundworms.
Dogs remain susceptible to reinfection with hookworms and roundworms.
Dogs remember faces, cats places.
Dogs remember things like that.
Dogs report how the drug changed their lives .
Dogs represent such a positive image that there seems to be no limit to what they can sell.
Dogs reproduce sexually.
Dogs require a commitment of time, love, and money.
Dogs require a different pH balance. a blowdryer.
Dogs require a fenced yard.
Dogs require a good amount of care and attention.
Dogs require a lot from their masters but they are worth the effort.
Dogs require a regular feeding and exercise schedule.
Dogs require an environment that is consistent, relatively calm, and reliable.
Dogs require bones.
Dogs require certain nutrients, which they can get from dog food.
Dogs require constant attention and care.
Dogs require daily walks and exercise which involve leaving the home perimeter.
Dogs require diets.
Dogs require fat diets.
Dogs require food.
Dogs require homes.
DOGs require little user maintenance.
Dogs require long term commitment, stability, love, and attention, just like humans.
Dogs require more maintenance but are more versatile.
Dogs require more time than cats.
Dogs require nutrients.
Dogs require protein diets.
Dogs require protein for their muscles, growth and energy, as well as their fur.
Dogs require proteins.
Dogs require regular grooming.
Dogs require responsibility.
Dogs require special diets.
Dogs require speed, coordination and teamwork.
Dogs require sufficient nutrients.
Dogs require time and attention.
Dogs require time, energy, and money to maintain.
Dogs require time, money, and care and commitment for a lifetime.
Dogs require vaccination against several diseases.
Dogs require yearly shots, grooming, toys, and food.
Dogs requiring heartworm treatments continue to add to the weight of the burden.
Dogs resemble coyotes.
Dogs resemble jackals.
Dogs resemble their owners and vice versa.
Dogs resemble wolves.
Dogs resent the tail being brushed so save it for last.
Dogs reside in spacious runs with both shade and filtered sunlight.
Dogs respond best to a higher pitched voice.
Dogs respond much better to a handler who is happy, confident, secure and enthusiastic.
Dogs respond to and interpret information they receive through their senses in the following way.
Dogs respond to inflammation.
Dogs respond to peer pressure.
Dogs respond to stimuli just like humans do.
Dogs respond to stimuli other than what researchers think they are presenting.
Dogs respond very well to antibiotic treatment.
Dogs respond well to excited happy voices, because of their pack heritage.
Dogs respond well to praise, love and encouragement.
Dogs respond wonderfully to hand signals.
Dogs restrained by voice commands are exempt from the leash rule.
Dogs retain vigor.
Dogs retch in gutters.
Dogs ride for free.
Dogs roam back streets.
Dogs roam freely amid the flyspecked meat carcasses hanging in the hot sun.
Dogs roam freely amidst the insect-covered meat carcasses hanging in the hot sun.
Dogs roam the uninhabited land between Macedonian villages and the OPs.
Dogs roll in snowbanks, pull at harnesses and jump yelping over each other in their frenzy to run.
Dogs roll in the grass, children amble and old men glide past on bicycles.
Dogs roll in their remains, and the stink of dead salmon assails the senses.
Dogs run a higher risk, especially in hunting breeds, of killing a ferret.
Dogs run around on a rubber floor and climb through a plastic jungle gym.
Dogs run by a purple sun.
Dogs run down deer and livestock, and can be a worry when it comes to small children.
Dogs run down.
Dogs run everywhere, and kids are always using one neighbor's pool.
Dogs run free of leashes.
Dogs run free.
Dogs run in rain.
Dogs run in snow.
Dogs run off-leash in fenced area.
Dogs run to the end of their tethers and are jerked back by their chains.
Dogs run up.
Dogs run wild especially in the poor towns.
Dogs run with their tails higher.
Dogs running at large are at serious risk to themselves as well as to others.
Dogs running at large are subject to ticket and impoundment.
Dogs running in packs are even more threatening to deer.
Dogs running in packs are more dangerous than a single dog.
Dogs salivate in anticipation of food.
Dogs save bones in safe spots.
Dogs save human lives and enrich human lives with their energy, love and devotion.
Dogs scratch, bite, and chew.
Dogs see it very differently and it takes different skills.
Dogs see like a color-blind human.
Dogs see only in black and white.
Dogs see that as a play invitation, and most come running.
Dogs seek families.
Dogs seek out a private and safe spot.
Dogs seek shelter.
Dogs seem more genetically wired to develop allergies than cats.
Dogs seem more slobbery and slavish.
Dogs seem to be particularly susceptible.
Dogs seem to be the ultimate kid pet.
Dogs seem to break some kind of law of thermodynamics.
Dogs seem to do better when their fiber intake is increased.
Dogs seem to enjoy it a whole lot more than they enjoy nail trimming.
Dogs seem to genuinely take pride in their abilities.
Dogs seem to get rattled by the presence of whales, and their barking destroys the serenity.
Dogs seem to grin as air blows back their ears as they frolic.
Dogs seem to hate sprays the worst apparently they irritate the skin.
Dogs seem to have an endless capacity to stuff themselves.
Dogs seem to incite the wrath of female deer, and many attacks on pets and people have occurred.
Dogs seem to incite the wrath of female deer.
Dogs seem to know when earthquakes are coming a few hours prior.
Dogs seem to learn patterns far faster in social situations, than in solitary situations.
Dogs shake off water and run around aimlessly.
Dogs share ancestors.
Dogs share behavior.
Dogs share common ancestors.
Dogs share food.
Dogs show a similar attachment to their owners as human infants show to their mothers.
Dogs show affection.
Dogs show affection.
Dogs show aggression for many different reasons and often for more than one reason.
Dogs show behavior.
Dogs show diversity.
Dogs show in Russia.
Dogs show loyalty to their owners and ask for little in return.
Dogs show nest behavior.
Dogs show no concern for the welfare of cats.
Dogs show pain.
Dogs show patterns.
Dogs show signs of seasonal allergies primarily through their skin.
Dogs show skills.
Dogs show sudden lameness and sometimes signs of severe pain.
Dogs show their fear in many ways.
Dogs show their personalities right from the beginning.
Dogs sire puppies.
Dogs sit and stand at attention with flyaway ears and lapping tongues.
Dogs sit, lie down, and heel on command.
Dogs sleep better and are happier in their own quiet environment.
Dogs sleep on their owners' beds because it's warm.
Dogs sleep well.
Dogs sniff each others' butts to find out what they are eating.
Dogs sniff one another because they are communicating on some basic level.
Dogs sniff out strangers.
Dogs snort once or twice only.
Dogs soon learn what submissive and dominant actions are and how to play the game.
Dogs speak to one another from hilltop to hilltop.
Dogs speak volumes with their ears, eyes, mouth and tail.
Dogs spend all day sprawled on the most comfortable piece of furniture in the house.
Dogs spend the day sniffing drugs only if they're with the police.
Dogs stalk grind squirrels.
Dogs stalk squirrels.
Dogs stay at the kennel during training.
Dogs stay comfrotable laying on mat while the water naturally evaporates.
Dogs stay connected together at the 'O' ring.
Dogs stay dogs, frogs stay frogs, and people stay people.
Dogs stay in homes.
Dogs steal food.
Dogs still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.
Dogs still have bad breath even after eating a tic-tac.
Dogs stop and start and twirl and bark at the silent hand commands of their owners.
Dogs stroll the aisles.
Dogs suffer from a range of common ailments like fleas, worms, distemper, cuts and bruises.
Dogs suffer from heat just as much or more than people do.
Dogs suffer from narcolepsy and cataplexy much the same as humans.
Dogs suffer from problems.
Dogs suffer greatly because of the infection.
Dogs suffer pain.
Dogs suffering from heart disease, such as congestive heart failure , can develop coughing as well.
Dogs suffering from separation anxiety can be quite vocal and often destructive.
Dogs suffering from systemic anaphylaxis are usually restless and excitable.
Dogs suffering from the disease are usually listless and have poor appetites.
Dogs survive in climates.
Dogs survive in dryer climates.
Dogs survive on diets.
Dogs survive on meat diets.
Dogs survive poison.
Dogs survive toad poison.
Dogs survive years.
Dogs swallow food.
Dogs sweat mainly between the pads on the bottom of their paws.
Dogs sweat on the pads of their feet.
Dogs sweat through their pads and feet.
Dogs swim against the current of moving water.
Dogs swirl about.
Dogs take a great interest in what any one gets to eat.
Dogs take better to the carrot than the stick approach.
Dogs take between ten and thirty breaths a minute, depending on their size.
Dogs take care of their own needs.
Dogs take care.
Dogs take drinks by curling their tongues and scooping water into their mouths.
Dogs take from the rich, they take from the poor, and they keep it all.
Dogs take more time to care for and, in particular, to exercise.
Dogs take roles.
Dogs take up space in shelters.
Dogs take up too much space on the bed.
Dogs talk with their behavioral actions.
Dogs tend to adapt to moving more easily than cats.
Dogs tend to bark a lot when left alone.
Dogs tend to bark for prolonged periods if they are bored when left alone.
Dogs tend to be less serious due to their inability to catch birds, but still pose a threat.
Dogs tend to be more interactive and trainable.
Dogs tend to be more social, and more active in their adult stages than cats.
Dogs tend to be natural adversaries.
Dogs tend to become homeless just when they are finally getting good.
Dogs tend to bite after the virus reaches their salivary glands.
Dogs tend to bravado.
Dogs tend to carry more coat and mane than bitches.
Dogs tend to circle back to the area -cats tend to stary close to home.
Dogs tend to dream with more action and for shorter times than people.
Dogs tend to get bacterial and yeast ear infections, while cats tend to get ear mites.
Dogs tend to have a good sense of smell and acute hearing.
Dogs tend to have different allergy symptoms than people do.
Dogs tend to lift their heads after taking a drink to facilitate swallowing.
Dogs tend to lose their power of hearing, as they age.
Dogs tend to meander quite a bit, giving their trials a zig-zag appearance.
Dogs tend to pull against pressure.
Dogs tend to require a much higher dose than human beings to prevent rejection.
Dogs tend to run farther and are more sporadic in their habits.
Dogs tend to thrive on the simplest rewards of success and praise.
Dogs there are less apt to be vaccinated.
Dogs There are numerous target behaviors.
Dogs think breaking wind is funny.
Dogs think men are gods.
Dogs thrive in homes.
Dogs thrive on attention and lots of love.
Dogs thrive on bones.
Dogs thrive on diets.
Dogs thrive on food.
Dogs thrive on human contact.
Dogs thrive on routine, so keeping to a schedule is important.
Dogs thrive on schedules.
Dogs thrive on several hours of exercise and companionship every day.
Dogs to adapt to environments.
Dogs to mark territory.
Dogs to move muscles.
Dogs touch almost all people in one fashion or another in their service to man.
Dogs track in dirt.
Dogs travel more cheaply on the bus.
Dogs travel to a variety of stations and perform obedience exercises.
Dogs traveling with their owner can spread infected ticks to distant locations.
Dogs traveling with their owners can spread infected ticks to distant locations.
Dogs try to appear larger by holding their tails and ears up and raising the fur on their backs.
Dogs try to avoid confrontation and can serve as peacemakers in situations.
Dogs try to eat people.
Dogs typically catch a nail in rugs, carpets, decks, etc.
Dogs ultimately collapse and are unable to continue exercising.
Dogs undergo examinations.
Dogs undergo neurological examinations.
Dogs understand love better than people do.
Dogs understand many words and sentences.
Dogs understand self-indulgence better than humans.
Dogs understand that farts are funny.
Dogs understand that instinct is better than asking for directions.
Dogs understand that instincts are better than asking directions.
Dogs understand that instincts are better than asking for directions.
Dogs understand that instincts are better than stopping to ask for directions.
Dogs understand that instincts are better to follow than asking for directions.
Dogs understand that instincts are superior to asking for directions.
Dogs understand what no means.
Dogs understand what NO means.
Dogs understand what 'no' means.
Dogs understand what 'NO' means.
Dogs understand, that instincts are better than asking for directions.
Dogs urinate where they so choose.
Dogs use a lot of body language to communicate.
Dogs use aggression in response to what they see as a threat.
Dogs use barking as one way to communicate.
Dogs use barking to communicate with each other and to communicate with humans.
Dogs use front teeth.
Dogs use growls and barks to communicate a variety of things.
Dogs use it.
Dogs use plenty.
Dogs use rank as a method of ensuring peace.
Dogs use sharp front teeth.
Dogs use sharp teeth.
Dogs use smell.
Dogs use teeth.
Dogs use their mouths for many things.
Dogs use their premolars to chew on rawhides, bones, and other chew toys.
Dogs use their voice to communicate how they feel.
Dogs vary greatly in temperament.
Dogs vary just as people do.
Dogs vary widely in their consumption of water.
Dogs very welcome anytime.
Dogs view their human families as their social group.
Dogs visit homes.
Dogs wait with sleds to pull kids around.
Dogs walk free.
Dogs walk on paws.
Dogs walk the halls on leashes with smiling residents using walkers or wheelchairs in tow.
Dogs wander along the scraped-out streets.
Dogs wander amidst the cars and people, looking for food, running from thrown rocks.
Dogs wandering through ceremonial and food areas disrupt sacred circles and stir up toxic dust.
Dogs want food.
Dogs want homes.
Dogs want meat.
Dogs want prey.
Dogs want water.
Dogs wear collars.
Dogs wear iron collars.
Dogs wear radio track collars.
Dogs wear wide collars.
Dogs weep very easily.
Dogs weigh kgs.
Dogs weigh lbs.
Dogs weigh pounds.
Dogs welcome and of course a superb golf course.
Dogs welcome at no extra charge.
Dogs welcome by arrangement.
Dogs welcome by prior arrangement at time of booking.
Dogs welcome by prior arrangement.
Dogs welcome in certain rooms, with prior approval required.
Dogs welcome in other units.
Dogs welcome in the cosy bar.
Dogs welcome on lead.
Dogs welcome on leads only.
Dogs welcome on the front terrace.
Dogs welcome when accompanied by well-mannered owners.
Dogs welcome with agreement.
Dogs welcome with proof of flea control medication.
Dogs welcome with proper clean up supplies along.
Dogs welcome without surcharge.
Dogs welcome, all departments with prior supervisor approval.
Dogs welcome, always by arrangement.
Dogs welcome, easy reach sea and moors.
Dogs welcome, off leash.
Dogs welcome, toy box available for children.
Dogs whine less.
Dogs whirl around and hit their heads on the closed door.
Dogs work for their supper.
Dogs work from boats airscenting searching for the scent scource.
Dogs work toward the FTCh.
Dogs work well, as do flashy jewelry, clothing, great books, and interesting briefcases.
DOGS Always act afraid of dogs in front of humans.
Dogs always feel frisky after a bath.
Dogs always know they're around.
Dogs frequently bark while left outside alone on the property.
Dogs frequently develop soft masses under the skin called lipmas.
Dogs frequently kill adult kiwi and can cause catastrophic declines in local populations.
Dogs frequently lose their scent in snow and ice and can easily become lost.
Dogs frequently lose their scent in snow and ice and easily become lost.
Dogs frequently maim and sometimes kill each other in dominance contentions.
Dogs often assist in chukar hunting.
Dogs often bark at the air, and cats purr as if stroked by invisible hands.
Dogs often behave in ways that can be annoying.
Dogs often bristle at such challenges, leading to a merry chase through the house or yard.
Dogs often die from dehydration, blood loss, exhaustion, or shock as a result of a fight.
Dogs often dig because they are bored and are looking for something mentally stimulating to do.
Dogs often dig in search of a cool place to lie down.
Dogs often enjoy a cool dip on a warm day.
Dogs often enjoy taking a cool dip on a hot day.
Dogs often feel the benefits of aspirin therapy or a holistic alternative.
Dogs often get excited watching other dogs work the stock.
Dogs often get in the way and can be a hazard to other riders as well as themselves.
Dogs often get into garbage.
Dogs often get severe flea allergies.
Dogs often give far more love and attention than they receive, and seem happier for doing so.
Dogs often go through very destructive phases.
Dogs often have problems with their heart valves.
Dogs often let the head hang down.
Dogs often lick hands.
Dogs often like a little honey for flavour, on cereals for example.
Dogs often like to flop over onto one side for brushing, so don t insist that they sit up or stand.
Dogs often like to go for a walk early in the morning or expect to be fed right away.
Dogs often seem to shut off their noses when the area is all tracked up with human scent.
Dogs often use their mouths during play.
Dogs often work such magic with just the wag of a tail.
Dogs sometimes bite out of possessiveness or jealousy.
Dogs sometimes deposit urine or feces, usually in small amounts, to scent-mark their territory.
Dogs sometimes grow at a steady pace, sometimes in spurts, or sometimes they just stop growing.
Dogs sometimes have health problems related to abuse or neglect, or just from being in a shelter.
Dogs sometimes have memory lapses.
Dogs sometimes send mixed signals.
Dogs sometimes use urination and defecation to mark their own territories.
Dogs sometimes wonder in and out.
Dogs usually are excited their going for a walk and needed tuned in.
Dogs usually are quite depressed and quickly become dehydrated.
Dogs usually attack from the side or rear inflicting non-fatal wounds on various parts of the body.
Dogs usually become infected with Parvo when they come into contact with contaminated faeces.
Dogs usually fight only when necessary.
Dogs usually get tapeworms when they eat a flea that ate a tapeworm egg.
Dogs usually get whipworms from eating eggs that other dogs have shed.
Dogs usually have a heat cycle twice a year until they reach menopause.
Dogs usually have more pronounced waist than bitches, giving greater curve to lower body.
Dogs usually have some curve to their tails .
Dogs usually know just enough to get themselves in trouble.
Dogs usually learn to associate certain cues with short absences by their owners.
Dogs usually lick an area on the front leg, whereas the problem in cats can occur in various areas.
Dogs usually require first floor apartment with yard access.
Dogs usually require first floor apartments with yard access.
Dogs usually respond to positive reinforcement.
Dogs usually show an immediate improvement in muscle strength that is of short duration.
Dogs usually sleep all day.
Dogs usually take it and slobber on it.
Dogs usually telegraph their intentions.
Dogs usually warn a child to stop by growling or showing their teeth.
All dogs act the way their owner teaches though.
All dogs are animals .
All dogs are animals, and all cats are mammals, so all dogs are mammals.
All dogs are animals, and no cats are dogs, therefore no cats are animals.
All dogs are animals.
All dogs are available for worldwide shipping.
All dogs are basically friendly, faithful, and protective.
All dogs are canines and think like canines.
All dogs are capable of biting when they are aggravated, assaulted or excited.
All dogs are capable of biting.
All dogs are descendants of wolves.
All dogs are different in their ability to learn.
All dogs are different, and some are more prone to violent behavior.
All dogs are different, and some require more effort to get proper muscle tone than others.
All dogs are different, so look for a trainer that is versatile.
All dogs are different.
All dogs are family pets.
All dogs are god-worshippers.
All dogs are good.
All dogs are happy at good breeders.
All dogs are health-checked, behaviourally assessed, desexed, microchipped and vaccinated.
All dogs are heartworm negative.
All dogs are heartworm tested, wormed and vaccinated.
All dogs are immortal.
All dogs are in Michigan unless otherwise noted.
All dogs are individuals and some are more dominant or possess a stronger prey drive than others.
All dogs are individuals.
All dogs are lovingly hand raised in our home.
All dogs are mammals .
All dogs are mammals.
All dogs are meat eaters.
All dogs are micro chipped and on heartworm preventative.
All dogs are microchipped and cats can be chipped upon request.
All dogs are micro-chipped with AVID chips for permanent identification purposes.
All dogs are mixed breeds, period.
All dogs are naturally clean concerning waste elimination.
All dogs are naturally clean.
All dogs are of sound character with exceptional drive and working ability.
All dogs are pack animals, and want to be part of a group.
All dogs are potentially dangerous.
All dogs are redeemable.
All dogs are regularly eye tested.
All dogs are serious about the dominance hierarchy.
All dogs are spayed or neutered before being adopted.
All dogs are special, but the deaf, blind and three-legged dogs have unique needs.
All dogs are subject to drug testing at all times.
All dogs are susceptible to dental problems but some breeds seem to build up more tarter and plaque.
All dogs are susceptible to heartworm infection.
All dogs are susceptible, no matter how little time they spend outdoors.
All dogs are temperament tested by a trained tester.
All dogs are temperament tested towards people and animals.
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf.
All dogs are the same.
All dogs are to be kept as house pets, never as an outside dog .
All dogs are to be kept on leashes unless they are being worked.
All dogs are to be tied up before the beginning of the games.
All dogs are unequal, but some are more unequal than others.
All dogs are up to date with vaccines and are treated for fleas and parasites.
All dogs are up to date with vaccines, are microchipped and are treated for fleas and parasites.
All dogs are vaccinated, heartworm tested and neutered before placement.
All dogs are vicious animals.
All dogs are welcome regardless of pedigree, with proof of current vaccinations.
All dogs are welcome to participate.
All dogs are welcome.
All Dogs Are Welcome.
All dogs are x-rayed for hips and elbows.
All dogs become simply, good boy or good girl.
All dogs belong to the same species.
All dogs benefit from regular exercise.
All dogs benefit from socializing.
All dogs benefit from taking a basic obedience class.
All dogs breed from champion bloodlines.
All dogs can be crated for extended periods, are human friendly.
All dogs can benefit from obedience training.
ALL dogs can bite and be dangerous, it all depends on the owner and raising of the dog.
All dogs can bite if provoked.
All dogs can chase, track and retrieve.
All dogs can get sick.
All dogs can have house manners and be wonderful housedogs, no matter what their size or breed.
All dogs can have white patches that vary in size and location.
All dogs can smile, technically.
All dogs can swim.
All dogs can use a good massage.
All dogs can use the collar.
All dogs can use the spray receiver collar.
All dogs carry defective genes.
All dogs chew, jump up, bark, and nip.
All dogs chew.
All dogs come from a common ancestor millions of years ago.
All dogs come from their wild cousin, the wolf.
All dogs come with written guarantee.
All dogs deserve a life free of pain and a home where they are loved and can love.
All dogs develop lenticular sclerosis as they age.
All Dogs enjoy quality play.
All dogs enter here.
All dogs get dandruff.
All dogs go down on the strange dog.
All dogs go out sometime.
All dogs go out twice each day to do their business and twice during the day for play and exercise.
All dogs go through a period of canine adolescence.
All dogs have all their shots and are tested through bloodwork.
All dogs have behavior problems, but owners learn to compromise.
All dogs have certain basic drives.
All dogs have current vaccination certificates.
All dogs have different colored nails.
All dogs have different personalities.
All dogs have ears.
All dogs have four legs.
All dogs have good noses.
All dogs have good points and bad points.
All dogs have hair.
All dogs have health problems in their pedigree.
All Dogs have highly developed senses.
All dogs have hip and eye clearances before breeding.
All dogs have limited time.
All dogs have minimal vaccines and are fed a raw food diet.
All dogs have potential to develop behavior problems.
All dogs have puppy characteristics for two years.
All dogs have some behavior problems.
All dogs have some form of prey drive, an instinctive reaction to chase something that moves.
All dogs have some hair cover, even the so-called hairless ones.
All dogs have some of that inherent tracking ability left.
All dogs have their little ceremonies and rituals.
All dogs have their own individual runs.
All dogs have things that they enjoy doing.
All dogs have to be kept in a nearly natural and friendly environment.
All dogs have to be on a leash at all times.
All dogs have to be taught to do their jobs.
All dogs have to be trained to eliminate in the proper areas.
All dogs have to eat out on the patio.
All dogs have two names, a kennel name and a running name.
All dogs including short coated breeds require some form of regular grooming.
All dogs incur vet bills, e.g. yearly boosters.
All dogs involved in our program receive approximately a year and a half of basic training.
All dogs jump at a height which is determined by the dog's height at the shoulder.
All dogs know how to swim.
All dogs learn differently.
All dogs like to go places and do things with their families.
All dogs listed with fosters are up for adoption.
All dogs look cute, all dogs are sweet.
All dogs love cat food.
All dogs love our cookies.
All dogs make noises.
All dogs perform best when kept on a routine schedule.
All dogs present their hindquarters as a friendly, submissive gesture.
All dogs present.
All dogs receive a full evaluation the first week they are here.
All dogs receive a full examination.
All dogs receive vet care, training and are rehabilitated behaviorially, as needed.
All dogs require a veterinary exam, a series of vaccinations and regular grooming.
All dogs require an adoption fee.
ALL dogs require intensive training in order to perform as protection animals.
All dogs require regular brushing and combing in order to keep their coats healthy and untangled.
All dogs require regular brushing in order to keep their coats healthy and untangled.
All dogs require time on the part of the owner.
All dogs require training to a greater or lesser degree.
All dogs require training, socialization, grooming, sound nutrition, and regular veterinary care.
All dogs run and hide.
All dogs seem under control.
All dogs share a common operating system.
All dogs share their ancestry with the wolf.
All dogs shed some hair.
All dogs shed to some extent.
All dogs shed, some more than others.
All dogs shed.
All dogs speak the same language.
All dogs spend days and nights in the house on a rotating basis.
All dogs suck.
All dogs undergo a temperament test before being accepted into a four to five week training program.
All dogs used in our breeding program have hip, elbow and eye clearances.
All dogs used in our breeding program have hip, eye and heart clearances.
All dogs welcome, including mixed breeds.
All dogs when finished get three awards.
Any dog breeds, except hunting dogs.
Any dog breeds, veterinary clinic, puppies breeding and sale.
Any dog can be a therapy dog.
Any dog can become a Dog Scout.
Any dog can become either a forced or a natural retriever.
Any dog can become obese.
Any dog can bite and any dog breed can be banned.
Any dog can bloat, but it's common in larger breeds of dogs, especially deep chested ones.
Any dog can do that, with the proper wiring.
Any dog can do that.
Any dog can enter, of any age.
Any dog can have displasia.
ANY dog can have genetic problems.
Any dog can hurt a child.
Any dog can learn basic obedience behaviors, no matter the age.
Any dog can learn it.
ANY dog can outrun ANY human any day of the week.
Any dog can suffer from heat stress.
Any dog can track.
Any dog can try to grip a sheep out of fear or insecurity if forced into a position to do so.
Any dog has the capability to bite, given the right provocation and situation.
Any dog is a genius compared to that chicken.
Any dog is a predator and has the capability to kill anything it regards as a prey item.
Any dog is better than any cat.
Any dog is capable of biting in certain circumstances .
Any dog is good, but a big friendly dog is the best.
Any dog is tuned into the family.
Every dog becomes a Good Dog in Dog Heaven.
Every dog can be at risk, indoors or out.
Every Dog Can Be One.
Every dog can benefit from a crate - a place of it's own.
Every dog can benefit from taking classes.
Every dog coming through the Rescue is checked over by a veterinarian.
Every dog deserves a caring, loving home.
Every dog deserves a Friend.
Every dog deserves and needs to be properly trained and training is part of problem solving.
Every dog deserves respect.
Every dog deserves the finer things in life.
Every dog genetically has a certain level of drive.
Every dog gets a bath and brush before going home.
Every dog gets one bite.
Every dog gets their share of raw meat.
Every dog has a fault no matter how many International champions and obedience titles the dog has.
Every dog has a reason for being.
Every dog has a special approach to therapy work.
Every dog has a stitch in time.
Every dog has a unique personality and history.
Every dog has four weeks and a day to be adopted, but after that, it is put to sleep.
Every dog has it's day.
Every dog has similar drives relating back to their common ancestor, the wolf.
Every dog has the potential to be incredible.
Every dog has to be monitored as an individual.
Every dog has to respect the hierarchy of power in the household.
Every dog has traits and special skills which most people never consider when choosing their pet.
Every dog has two sets of genes, one from each parent.
Every dog is a cynic.
Every dog is a dog.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Every dog is a permanent, life-long resident of North America's most modern kennel.
Every dog is a potential victim of summer's heat.
Every dog is an individual, and temperaments do vary.
Every dog is an individual, though.
Every dog is an individual.
Every dog is capable of biting.
Every dog is different and it's impossible to say for sure.
Every dog is different as is every owner.
Every dog is different, and some dogs respond better to certain approaches.
Every dog is different, every trainer is different.
Every dog is different, just like every person.
Every dog is different.
Every dog is entitled to one bite.
Every dog is given an incoming examination by a veterinarian.
Every dog is now a lifelong friend.
Every dog is somewhat unique.
Every dog is special and unique in their own way.
Every dog is susceptible to many deadly and disabling infectious diseases.
Every dog is trained and obeys at a different level.
Every dog knows.
Every dog loves to be taken out and walked.
Every dog loves to run, play and jump, even a backyard dog.
Every dog needs a daily source of 'live' enzyme rich food to feel good.
Every dog needs a leader to listen to and adore.
Every dog needs a properly fitting collar and a quality leash.
Every dog needs a well-stocked supply of toys.
Every dog needs basic grooming , such as bathing and nail trimming .
Every dog needs exercise, so does a young pup, but it needs to be controlled.
Every dog needs some basic maintenance grooming, nails clipped and coat brushed.
Every dog needs to be trained, no matter what the breed or size.
Every dog needs to learn the house rules.
Every dog needs toys to chew on that last.
Every dog needs training.
Every dog reaches that moment when the end is coming.
Every dog receives a new leash and cats and smaller pets go home in carriers.
Every dog runs a little differently, has a different personality.
Every dog tries their best to kill the numerous hybrids.
Every dog wears a picture identification card and a blue bandanna with a paw-print design.
Many dogs adjust to their loss of sight and do just fine in their own surroundings.
Many dogs also eat animal feces, with the same results.
Many dogs also enjoy swimming for exercise and to cool down.
Many dogs also have internal blood clotting that causes damage to their organs.
Many dogs also receive some basic obedience work while they are with a foster family.
Many dogs are able to see quite well despite the existence of lens opacities.
Many dogs are aggressive out of fear.
Many dogs are aggressive towards other dogs, but wonderful with people.
Many dogs are allergic to g rains and yeast products.
Many dogs are also sensitive about proximity and body-contact.
Many dogs are confused about whether they are human or whether they are dog.
Many dogs are dominant as well as anxious and fearful.
Many dogs are friendly.
Many dogs are frightened of vacuum cleaners.
Many dogs are latent carriers, without showing symptoms.
Many dogs are mixed breeds, which are a great thing.
Many dogs are overweight and many dog owners feel their dog is too thin if they can see any ribs.
Many dogs are persistent in getting what they want, especially when it comes to escaping.
Many dogs are prey driven.
Many dogs are prone to back or hip pain, for example.
Many dogs are proud graduates each year of the shelter's dog obedience classes.
Many dogs are still too warm in the winter.
Many dogs are very sweet and just want a home.
Many dogs are weekend athletes.
Many dogs are worse in cold weather and first thing in the morning.
Many dogs become obese by eating treats.
Many dogs benefit from a week or two of training on the prong and then do fine on another collar.
Many dogs can be allergic to cedar.
Many dogs can break off slivers.
Many dogs can develop hip dysplasia.
Many dogs can stay out in a cold yard if they have a shelter.
Many dogs can use their body, face, tail, ears and limbs to communicate with other dogs.
Many dogs change hands in the five to six month range when they are destined for the show ring.
Many dogs chew and dig out of boredom.
Many dogs come down with sarcoptic mange, commonly known as the mange.
Many dogs continue to mature for another year or two.
Many dogs desire to be the leader of the pack, but Bassets have a different idea.
Many dogs develop a resistance to the chemotherapy.
Many dogs develop flea allergies if repeatedly bitten by fleas.
Many dogs develop incurable flea allergies if repeatedly bitten by fleas.
Many dogs develop tooth problems when fed exclusively moist or semi-moist commercial foods.
Many dogs die of intestinal obstruction each year due to rawhide.
Many dogs dig out of boredom or stress.
Many dogs dislike having their feet handled.
Many dogs display herding instincts and compete in herding trials.
Many dogs display only a reluctance to move as their only sign of the disease.
Many dogs do both.
Many dogs do however carry the disease and yet show little or no signs.
Many dogs do like their crates.
Many dogs do recover if they are just given ample rest and time for their bodies to heal.
Many dogs draw their ears back during motion or at rest.
Many dogs eat bar soap, and that can be toxic, too.
Many dogs enjoy green beans.
Many dogs enjoy lying in a darkened area such as under a table or bed.
Many dogs enjoy retrieving, chasing, or just carrying.
Many dogs enjoy the attention they get during grooming.
Many dogs escape just for the fun and challenge of it.
Many dogs exhibit barking behavior typical of their breed.
Many dogs exist only through genetically controlled breeding programs.
Many dogs fade out so much that the white markings are indistinguishable from the colour.
Many dogs feel so much better being listened to and having their feelings acknowledged.
Many dogs get an insatiable appetite and thirst.
Many dogs get excited or nervous when they first arrive at the show site.
Many dogs get gas from dry foods that have their main ingredients in the form of grains.
Many dogs go for the throat when they attack.
Many dogs go to their new homes, only to have an early end come to their lives.
Many dogs happily go around their homes and live a happy life despite their blindness.
Many dogs have a characteristic loss or thinning of hair above the base of the tail.
Many dogs have a dew claw, that is, an extra toe and nail, higher up on the leg on the inner side.
Many dogs have a phobia surrounding thunder.
Many dogs have an extensive vocabulary of words they seem to understand.
Many dogs have blood in their urine or experience painful urination.
Many dogs have ears that flop over the opening as well.
Many dogs have hair inside of the ear canal.
Many dogs have hair that actually begins to grow on the inside of their ears.
Many dogs have little experience with children.
Many dogs have low grade murmurs with no evidence of heart disease.
Many dogs have no one to come to their aid.
Many dogs have problems, many dogs have problems when the owners are near.
Many dogs have various levels of immunity, or at least some resistance to many worm species.
Many dogs initially whine and whimper or scratch at the door, but then settle down.
Many dogs jump differently under the pressures of competition.
Many dogs just develop a tolerance to the shock and just keep going.
Many dogs learn to dislike people who wear uniforms.
Many dogs like to chase and harass deer.
Many dogs like to chase sticks.
Many dogs like to run around or through their owner's feet.
Many dogs like to urinate on soft surfaces.
Many dogs live in kitchen and family or living room areas, while bedrooms are off limits.
Many dogs live normal lives with ectropion.
Many dogs live normal lives with only occasional episodes of vomiting.
Many dogs love the secure feeling a cuddler bed gives.
Many dogs love the secure feeling a nest bed gives.
Many dogs love to channel their inner cow and graze on grass.
Many dogs overheat when working hard in relatively warm temps.
Many dogs provide a sense of security.
Many dogs react adversely to the chemicals in tea, coffee and cola.
Many dogs really take to the job of stable guard and enjoy sleeping in that environment.
Many dogs receive their meals in their crates.
Many dogs refuse to obey when they become aware of being put in a subordinate position.
Many dogs regard service people as invading barbarians and respond in kind.
Many dogs regard the contents of litter boxes as delicious treats.
Many dogs remain active, alert, hungry, and seemingly healthy during the syndrome.
Many dogs require anesthesia.
Many dogs require twice daily insulin dosages to regulate diabetes.
Many dogs scare easily at the sound of thunder, firecrackers, and loud popping noises.
Many dogs seem to develop bad habits when they have too much time on their paws.
Many dogs show improvements with just one treat per day.
Many dogs show little or no sign of infection even after the worms become adults.
Many dogs show no clinical signs of illness with a whipworm infection.
Many dogs show no problems until they are six to eight years old or older.
Many dogs still exhibit the energy that contributed to the form and function of their breed.
Many dogs still have their original posting formats.
Many dogs submit in a relaxed and contented way to their leader.
Many dogs suffer from a low thyroid hormone level for years without treatment.
Many dogs suffer from carsickness, especially when they're young.
Many dogs suffer needlessly before finally dying.
Many dogs suffer serious burns during summer cookouts.
Many dogs survive shut down.
Many dogs tear things up, bark too much, chew on interiors, etc.
Many dogs think that is play.
Many dogs wind up in the animal shelter before the age of two years for behavior problems.
More dog eat toad though.
More dogs die as a result of behavior problems than all preventable medical problems combined.
More dogs live here per square foot than in any other neighborhood in Boston.
More dogs means, ultimately, more poop.
More dogs start barking nearby, and others soon join.
Most dog biting occurs in the home, and there's never been such a liability suit.
Most dog finish their championships and often have titles in other areas before they are breed.
Most dogs absorb food.
Most dogs accept brushing if they are approached in a gentle manner.
Most dogs accumulate brownish tartar and scale on their teeth.
Most dogs accumulate excess fluid.
Most dogs acquire conditions.
Most dogs adapt quickly and easily to the presence of a new baby.
Most dogs adapt to diets.
Most dogs adapt to environments.
Most dogs adapt to food.
Most dogs adapt to life.
Most dogs adapt to live situations.
Most dogs adapt to situations.
Most dogs adapt well to outdoor living as long as they have access to shelter.
Most dogs adjust easily and quickly to the cart.
Most dogs adjust quickly to their new families within a week or two.
Most dogs adjust well and lead happy near-normal lives.
Most dogs also do well in a kennel with indoor runs if they are walked twice a day.
Most dogs appear on scenes.
Most dogs are a little stressed as they are introduced to the rubble.
Most dogs are able to stand and walk on the new prosthesis within the first few days after surgery.
Most dogs are allergic to chocolate.
Most dogs are bigger than most cats.
Most dogs are careful with their toys.
Most dogs are color blind.
Most dogs are considered part of the family, and children quickly understand that.
Most dogs are curious about infants.
Most dogs are descended from gray wolves.
Most dogs are descended from wolves.
Most dogs are eager to please.
Most dogs are excellent swimmers.
Most dogs are farsighted and astigmatic.
Most dogs are fine and have a sore foot for a couple of days, then their back to normal.
Most dogs are fine and have a sore foot for a couple of days, then they're back to normal.
Most dogs are found as strays or they are surrendered by their owners.
Most dogs are good for up to an hour.
Most dogs are good.
Most dogs are immortal.
Most dogs are inside houses.
Most dogs are lactose intolerant and develop diarrhea.
Most dogs are lactose intolerant.
Most dogs are less likely to get sunburns than humans.
Most dogs are less resistant to having their back feet touched.
Most dogs are located at homes.
Most dogs are located in communities.
Most dogs are located on floors.
Most dogs are member of families.
Most dogs are owned by people.
Most dogs are physically or behaviourally incapable of killing livestock.
Most dogs are presented for nonspecific clinical sign,s such as vomiting, anorexia and lethargy.
Most dogs are presented in their middle years however, the syndrome can occur in young and old.
Most dogs are pretty wild when they first come out of confinement.
Most dogs are protective of their families.
Most dogs are really good with children.
Most dogs are slightly sleepy the evening of surgery but usually no special care is needed.
Most dogs attract people.
Most dogs avoid predation.
Most dogs become anxious or feel threatened when they hear the loud sounds of a hairdryer.
Most dogs become more effective as they age.
Most dogs become pets.
Most dogs beg for food.
Most dogs belong to families.
Most dogs belong to genus.
Most dogs benefit from calorie diets.
Most dogs benefit from diets.
Most dogs benefit from food.
Most dogs can be excellent traveling companions.
Most dogs can carry their own gear.
Most dogs can drink lake water without adverse effects.
Most dogs can handle hopping in the car for a quick spin to the local park or beach.
Most dogs can have dermal reaction.
Most dogs can have health problems.
Most dogs can have problems.
Most dogs can have reaction.
Most dogs can pull a sled.
Most dogs can resume normal activity five to ten days after surgery.
Most dogs can resume normal activity seven to ten days after surgery.
Most dogs can sense when their victim has given up.
Most dogs carry fleas.
Most dogs carry food.
Most dogs carry genes.
Most dogs cause death.
Most dogs chew food.
Most dogs chew meat.
Most dogs chew prey.
Most dogs choose to stop barking on the lowest level.
Most dogs come from ecosystems.
Most dogs come from habitats.
Most dogs come from the local area and surrounding states.
Most dogs come in contact.
Most dogs compete for food.
Most dogs consume food.
Most dogs consume raw meat.
Most dogs consume toxic substances.
Most dogs contain meat.
Most dogs descend from wolves.
Most dogs develop ears.
Most dogs develop hot spots.
Most dogs develop legs.
Most dogs develop skin.
Most dogs develop spots.
Most dogs develop swell legs.
Most dogs die at ages.
Most dogs die before their condition can be diagnosed.
Most dogs dig holes.
Most dogs display same characteristics.
Most dogs do behavior.
Most dogs do calm down as they get older.
Most dogs do fine when a baby is brought into the house.
Most dogs do fine with cats.
Most dogs do fine.
Most dogs do roles.
Most dogs do well on human forms of insulin.
Most dogs do.
Most dogs draw attention.
Most dogs dread the time when their human companions have to leave for work.
Most dogs drink plenty.
Most dogs drink water.
Most dogs eat around two to three percent of their ideal adult weight per day.
Most dogs eat bacon.
Most dogs eat biscuits.
Most dogs eat bones.
Most dogs eat diets.
Most dogs eat fly insects.
Most dogs eat food.
Most dogs eat garbage.
Most dogs eat grass.
Most dogs eat homemade food.
Most dogs eat insects.
Most dogs eat less as they age.
Most dogs eat meat.
Most dogs eat nutritious diets.
Most dogs eat prey.
Most dogs engage in activities.
Most dogs enjoy chewy snacks.
Most dogs enjoy companionship.
Most dogs enjoy food.
Most dogs enjoy friends.
Most dogs enjoy going for walks so buy it a dog leash.
Most dogs enjoy guardians.
Most dogs enjoy life.
Most dogs enjoy meals.
Most dogs enjoy snacks.
Most dogs enjoy white rice, which is easily substituted for dry food.
Most dogs enter adulthood.
Most dogs enter areas.
Most dogs enter homes.
Most dogs enter houses.
Most dogs enter life.
Most dogs enter nest areas.
Most dogs enter shelter.
Most dogs enter situations.
Most dogs eventually learn to accept baths as part of the normal cycle of dog living.
Most dogs exhibit respiratory diseases.
Most dogs exhibit severe diseases.
Most dogs exhibit severe respiratory diseases.
Most dogs experience a slower metabolism as they age.
Most dogs experience spontaneous ovulation.
Most dogs face problems.
Most dogs feel pain.
Most dogs feel very comfortable with being confined to a crate for short periods of time.
Most dogs feel wind.
Most dogs figure things out very quickly and stop barking.
Most dogs find a treat less appealing than a squirrel or a cat.
Most dogs follow body language to a much greater extent than the verbal anyway.
Most dogs gain healthy weight.
Most dogs gain weight.
Most dogs get conditions.
Most dogs get erections.
Most dogs get food.
Most dogs get growth.
Most dogs get noisy when exposed to anything new or unusual.
Most dogs get one oral dose and then another oral dose two weeks later.
Most dogs get roundworms at sometime in their lives.
Most dogs get scent.
Most dogs get tricks.
Most dogs get very kennel protective after about a week and are destroyed for showing aggression.
Most dogs give birth during the calm periods in a house.
Most dogs give birth to animals.
Most dogs give birth to dogs.
Most dogs give birth to offspring.
Most dogs give birth to puppies.
Most dogs go into heat twice each year.
Most dogs go into heat.
Most dogs go through chemotherapy without adverse reactions.
Most dogs go through puberty.
Most dogs go through stages.
Most dogs go to doors.
Most dogs go to food.
Most dogs go to homes.
Most dogs go to vets.
Most dogs go to water.
Most dogs grow out of submissive urination.
Most dogs grow out of the teething stage in about eight months.
Most dogs has-part arteries.
Most dogs has-part bones.
Most dogs has-part eyes.
Most dogs has-part follicles.
Most dogs has-part glands.
Most dogs has-part guts.
Most dogs has-part hips.
Most dogs has-part jaws.
Most dogs has-part mouths.
Most dogs has-part noses.
Most dogs has-part skin.
Most Dogs have a comfortable home and do well.
Most dogs have a long muzzle and quick reflexes that adequately protect their eyes from cats.
Most dogs have a protective side, but some chows carry it a bit too far.
Most dogs have abdomens.
Most dogs have ability.
Most dogs have allergen.
Most dogs have allergic reaction.
Most dogs have amounts.
Most dogs have anal glands.
Most dogs have bacterial infection.
Most dogs have bellies.
Most dogs have breaths.
Most dogs have clean drink water.
Most dogs have clean water.
Most dogs have coats.
Most dogs have deep thoughts.
Most dogs have different physical features.
Most dogs have dome foreheads.
Most dogs have ear infection.
Most dogs have effects.
Most dogs have enemies.
Most dogs have energy.
Most dogs have exceptionally keen hearing.
Most dogs have expectancy.
Most dogs have eyes.
Most dogs have features.
Most dogs have fleas.
Most dogs have foreheads.
Most dogs have four legs.
Most dogs have friends.
Most dogs have front legs.
Most dogs have fur.
Most dogs have glands.
Most dogs have habits.
Most dogs have healthy habits.
Most dogs have hearts.
Most dogs have humans.
Most dogs have infection.
Most dogs have invert papillomas.
Most dogs have jaws.
Most dogs have legs.
Most dogs have life expectancy.
Most dogs have lifespans.
Most dogs have local vets.
Most dogs have many enemies.
Most dogs have muscles.
Most dogs have muscular front legs.
Most dogs have muscular legs.
Most dogs have new tricks.
Most dogs have no clue as to whether barking is something good or something bad.
Most dogs have odor.
Most dogs have opportunity.
Most dogs have origins.
Most dogs have papillomas.
Most dogs have patterns.
Most dogs have paws.
Most dogs have physical features.
Most dogs have poor appetite.
Most dogs have powerful jaws.
Most dogs have powerful muscles.
Most dogs have pulses.
Most dogs have purposes.
Most dogs have quality.
Most dogs have reaction.
Most dogs have reddish fur.
Most dogs have regular habits.
Most dogs have secondary bacterial infection.
Most dogs have secondary bacterial skin infection.
Most dogs have secondary infection.
Most dogs have senses.
Most dogs have sensitive stomachs.
Most dogs have sensitivity.
Most dogs have serious effects.
Most dogs have sharp teeth.
Most dogs have shiny coats.
Most dogs have short coats.
Most dogs have short ears.
Most dogs have short snouts.
Most dogs have skin infection.
Most dogs have snouts.
Most dogs have strength.
Most dogs have tan fur.
Most dogs have tapeworm infection.
Most dogs have teeth.
Most dogs have tendencies.
Most dogs have thick coats.
Most dogs have thick fur.
Most dogs have thoughts.
Most dogs have tight stomachs.
Most dogs have time.
Most dogs have tongues.
Most dogs have tricks.
Most dogs have types.
Most dogs have variation.
Most dogs have vets.
Most dogs have voices.
Most dogs have water.
Most dogs have white bellies.
Most dogs hear animals.
Most dogs hear cats.
Most dogs hear dogs.
Most dogs hear sound.
Most dogs help companionship.
Most dogs help masters.
Most dogs help people.
Most dogs infect with parasites.
Most dogs is a mix of all the racinglines.
Most dogs know the best bed in town is the one their humans sleep on.
Most dogs lash out when injured out of fear.
Most dogs lead life.
Most dogs lead normal life.
Most dogs learn their territory very quickly.
Most dogs learn to avoid the boundary area in a short time.
Most dogs learn to be obnoxious to get any type of attention.
Most dogs learn to quickly accept halters.
Most dogs leave tracks.
Most dogs like to feel productive.
Most dogs like to roll around in obnoxious and smelly materials.
Most dogs live in areas.
Most dogs live in countries.
Most dogs live in countrysides.
Most dogs live in environments.
Most dogs live in homes.
Most dogs live in households.
Most dogs live in houses.
Most dogs live in neighborhoods.
Most dogs live in packs.
Most dogs live in places.
Most dogs live in rainforest environments.
Most dogs live in shelter.
Most dogs look great with the coat they have.
Most dogs lose life.
Most dogs lose water.
Most dogs love food.
Most dogs love open doors.
Most dogs love people.
Most dogs love the real meat flavor of our life energy supplement.
Most dogs love their crates if used from an early age.
Most dogs love to chew things.
Most dogs love to eat.
Most dogs love to run, and want to run.
Most dogs maintain weight.
Most dogs make appearances.
Most dogs make bonds.
Most dogs make clatter noise.
Most dogs make funny sound.
Most dogs make loud clatter noise.
Most dogs make loud noise.
Most dogs make noise.
Most dogs make periodic appearances.
Most dogs make pets.
Most dogs make short strides.
Most dogs make snore noise.
Most dogs make sound.
Most dogs make strides.
Most dogs make use of shelters already provided, or enlarge holes already made.
Most dogs move backs.
Most dogs move bones.
Most dogs move ears.
Most dogs move eyes.
Most dogs move feet.
Most dogs move heads.
Most dogs move legs.
Most dogs move teeth.
Most dogs move to locations.
Most dogs noticeably enjoy their adjustment.
Most dogs nowadays are unemployed slobs.
Most dogs occur in areas.
Most dogs occur in environments.
Most dogs only survive weeks to a few months after diagnosis.
Most dogs originate from wolves.
Most dogs perform numerous tasks.
Most dogs perform tasks.
Most dogs pick up scent.
Most dogs pick up sticks.
Most dogs play big roles.
Most dogs play roles.
Most dogs possess blood.
Most dogs possess bodies.
Most dogs possess descendants.
Most dogs possess microbes.
Most dogs prefer smelly treats like cheese or liver.
Most dogs produce cortisol.
Most dogs produce much cortisol.
Most dogs produce puppies.
Most dogs provide assistance.
Most dogs provide protection.
Most dogs quickly ingest human medications that are accidentally dropped on the floor.
Most dogs quickly settle down and enjoy watching the activities which occur in a boarding kennel.
Most dogs raise legs.
Most dogs raise puppies.
Most dogs range in ages.
Most dogs range in size.
Most dogs reach adult weight.
Most dogs reach adulthood.
Most dogs reach full maturity.
Most dogs reach full sexual maturity.
Most dogs reach maturity.
Most dogs reach physical maturity.
Most dogs reach sexual maturity.
Most dogs reach weight.
Most dogs readily accept infants after a period of curiosity.
Most dogs receive attention.
Most dogs receive diets.
Most dogs receive enough food, water, and shelter to survive physically.
Most dogs receive food.
Most dogs receive magnesium diets.
Most dogs receive vitamins.
Most dogs recover from infection.
Most dogs recover with supportive care when the source of exposure is removed.
Most dogs regain the ability to lead an active and pain-free lifestyle.
Most dogs regain their hair back along with other indicators of Cushing s disease.
Most dogs registered in that registry are personal gun dogs.
Most dogs require bones.
Most dogs require diets.
Most dogs require fat diets.
Most dogs require food.
Most dogs require homes.
Most dogs require insulin twice daily to adequately control their disease.
Most dogs require nutrients.
Most dogs require pre-paid dog training at the time of the adoption.
Most dogs require protein diets.
Most dogs require proteins.
Most dogs require special diets.
Most dogs require sufficient nutrients.
Most dogs resemble coyotes.
Most dogs resemble jackals.
Most dogs resemble wolves.
Most dogs respond quickly to surgical treatments for ear disease.
Most dogs respond to inflammation.
Most dogs respond very well to treatment with fluids to restore hydration.
Most dogs respond very well to treatment.
Most dogs respond well to cortisone therapy.
Most dogs retain vigor.
Most dogs seek families.
Most dogs seek shelter.
Most dogs seem forever content to follow their busy owners about.
Most dogs seem to have relief within hours of the first treatment.
Most dogs seem to regard a crate as their den .
Most dogs seem to treat each other well, and better than humans treat each other.
Most dogs share common ancestors.
Most dogs share food.
Most dogs show a significant improvement in attitude, personality, and activity levels.
Most dogs show affection.
Most dogs show diversity.
Most dogs show nest behavior.
Most dogs show pain.
Most dogs show patterns.
Most dogs show remarkable improvement within several weeks.
Most dogs spend some time in water, either by regular bathing or by swimming.
Most dogs start to mature at two to three years.
Most dogs stay in homes.
Most dogs steal food.
Most dogs suffer from problems.
Most dogs suffer pain.
Most dogs survive in climates.
Most dogs survive in dryer climates.
Most dogs survive on diets.
Most dogs survive on meat diets.
Most dogs survive poison.
Most dogs survive toad poison.
Most dogs survive years.
Most dogs swallow the food balls whole, like oysters.
Most dogs take care.
Most dogs take roles.
Most dogs take to skating quickly, and little instruction or training is necessary.
Most dogs tend to get slower with age and lie about more.
Most dogs therefore feel compelled to make social contact when they see a person or dog.
Most dogs thrive in homes.
Most dogs thrive on diets.
Most dogs thrive on food.
Most dogs tolerate a comfortable bandage.
Most dogs tolerate chemotherapy fairly well.
Most dogs try to dig skunks out of their dens.
Most dogs undergo examinations.
Most dogs undergo neurological examinations.
Most dogs use front teeth.
Most dogs use plenty.
Most dogs use sharp front teeth.
Most dogs use sharp teeth.
Most dogs use smell.
Most dogs use teeth.
Most dogs view their owner's absence as a welcome chance to catch up on some snoozing.
Most dogs walk on paws.
Most dogs walk on their new hip immediately after surgery.
Most dogs walk on their newly positioned hip joint immediately after surgery.
Most dogs wear collars.
Most dogs wear iron collars.
Most dogs wear radio track collars.
Most dogs wear wide collars.
Most dogs weigh kgs.
Most dogs weigh lbs.
Most dogs weigh pounds.
Most dogs welcome a well-cushioned bed to sleep on.
Most dogs work at night, searching buildings and outdoor areas for burglars.
Most dogs work things out between themselves.
Some dog beds absorbs moisture due to their non-breathable fabric or dense cushion insert.
Some dogs accept crates readily, especially if they are given something to chew on.
Some dogs adapt better to a small room, run or playpen.
Some dogs adapt to changing circumstances quickly and seemingly painlessly.
Some dogs adapt to warm weather.
Some dogs adapt to weather.
Some dogs adjust to the outside world very quickly, while others take more time.
Some dogs aid the deaf or hard of hearing.
Some dogs also develop a dry, flaky skin condition.
Some dogs also dislike the noise the clippers and tattoo markers make.
Some dogs also enjoy a tug of war with an old towel or rubber pull-toy.
Some dogs also suffer incontinence.
Some dogs also tend to dig holes in cool, shaded spots to give off heat.
Some dogs appear during summer.
Some dogs appear mostly white with markings in the previously mentioned colors.
Some dogs appear to be chasing something or possibly swimming.
Some dogs are able to adjust quicker, while some are slow to come around.
Some dogs are afraid of cheering people and the starting chute.
Some dogs are afraid of the sound of the clicker.
Some dogs are aggressive because of improper or poor socialization.
Some dogs are aggressive because they want to be the leader and be dominant.
Some dogs are aggressive, others are shy.
Some dogs are all black.
Some dogs are allergic to some foods.
Some dogs are allergic to staph.
Some dogs are allergic to stings and can react badly.
Some dogs are amateurs and some professionals.
Some dogs are better at certain tricks than others.
Some dogs are better than others.
Some dogs are better with children, while others are good companions for the elderly, and so on.
Some dogs are big, some are small.
Some dogs are born leaders, others fall into the alpha role because no one else wants the job.
Some dogs are born with confidence.
Some dogs are bred to look special which is why poodles have fluffy hair .
Some dogs are bred to look special which is why poodles have fluffy hair.
Some dogs are capable of alerting the client that a seizure is about to occur.
Some dogs are carriers and never show signs, but infect other dogs.
Some dogs are cats.
Some dogs are classified as dingos.
Some dogs are crazy.
Some dogs are diagnosed with cancer.
Some dogs are diagnosed with diseases.
Some dogs are diagnosed with kidney diseases.
Some dogs are droolers due to the structure of their mouth.
Some dogs are eager to eat a particular pet food for several days.
Some dogs are even able to detect an oncoming medical change in their handler or owner.
Some dogs are fine.
Some dogs are food motivated, while others are motivated by going for a walk.
Some dogs are graceful.
Some dogs are great hunters, or can do fancy tricks.
Some dogs are happier as the only dog in the household.
Some dogs are happy only in their own surroundings.
Some dogs are hard to inject with insulin.
Some dogs are harder to train that others.
Some dogs are highly folcused and like praise, but are business-like in their demeanor.
Some dogs are hit by cars.
Some dogs are horribly afraid of thunder.
Some dogs are human beings.
Some dogs are in good health and condition while others have been injured or abused.
Some dogs are inside cages.
Some dogs are inside crates.
Some dogs are just simply more vocal than others.
Some dogs are killed by wolves.
Some dogs are legendary for feet that can footfall on any surface and stay in good shape.
Some dogs are located at societies.
Some dogs are mean b.
Some dogs are more active than others.
Some dogs are more extreme in the expression of their inborn characteristics.
Some dogs are more friendly or at least, less dangerous than others.
Some dogs are more inclined to bite ankles than hands.
Some dogs are more prone to fighting than others.
Some dogs are more sensitive than others.
Some dogs are more sensitive to certain drugs than others.
Some dogs are more submissive than others.
Some dogs are more susceptible, but all are candidates.
Some dogs are more voice sensitive then others.
Some dogs are much harder to housebreak than others.
Some dogs are myopic, or nearsighted.
Some dogs are nap dogs.
Some dogs are natural at it and some it takes a lot of time and patience.
Some dogs are naturally smellier than others.
Some dogs are naturally thin, especially until middle age.
Some dogs are nice, some are mean.
Some dogs are non responsive, while others just seem depressed.
Some dogs are non-responsive, while others just seem depressed.
Some dogs are only happy in their own surroundings.
Some dogs are owned by close friends.
Some dogs are owned by friends.
Some dogs are persistent about staring at the treat.
Some dogs are pretty big.
Some dogs are quite protective of their masters.
Some dogs are ready sooner in two to three months.
Some dogs are resistant to changing their bathroom preferences, however.
Some dogs are sighthounds, others scenthounds.
Some dogs are small and some dogs are big.
Some dogs are so intensely birdy they'll point pigeons for life.
Some dogs are so relaxed they close their eyes.
Some dogs are territorial.
Some dogs are things that are fun.
Some dogs are things that growl.
Some dogs are too big and too powerful for small apartments or small children.
Some dogs are unable to move their tail, or have severe pain if the tail is moved.
Some dogs are unfortunate enough to be born with seborrhea as a primary disease.
Some dogs are unplaceable.
Some dogs are very attached to their balls and toys.
Some dogs are very limited in their ability to change duties.
Some dogs are very low-energy or have problems such as fence jumping.
Some dogs are very meticulous about cleanliness.
Some dogs are very particular about the items they chew on.
Some dogs are very protective due to genetics as a breed trait.
Some dogs are very protective of their toys.
Some dogs are very submissive by nature.
Some dogs are, however, unable to tolerate the drug because of associated diarrhea.
Some dogs associate the car with good times to the point of becoming overly excited.
Some dogs attract coyotes.
Some dogs avoid predators.
Some dogs bark a lot.
Some dogs become adults.
Some dogs become critters.
Some dogs become good stock dogs in spite of the handler.
Some dogs become hosts.
Some dogs become hyper and panicked to get out.
Some dogs become lethargic, lose weight and suffer poor growth.
Some dogs become little critters.
Some dogs become prey.
Some dogs become somewhat lethargic, while others become anxious and possibly aggressive.
Some dogs become very aggressive if they are scared too much when they are puppies.
Some dogs become very agitated as they watch their home being dismantled.
Some dogs become very destructive when left alone.
Some dogs beg because they want attention.
Some dogs begin in one minute or less while others wait a half hour or so.
Some dogs behave very well during the holiday chaos.
Some dogs believe the only way to protect their valuables is through an act of aggression.
Some dogs belong to prisoners.
Some dogs bite people.
Some dogs bite the bear correctly, but the bites are weak, which leads to a loss up to eight points.
Some dogs bring down antelopes.
Some dogs can alert their owner to a dangerous drop before it actually happens.
Some dogs can be quite talented at singing.
Some dogs can be very athletic are known to climb high chain link fences to escape.
Some dogs can become deathly ill after consuming only a half an ounce of chocolate.
Some dogs can chew up vinyl toys in a matter of minutes.
Some dogs can digest the lactose in cow s milk.
Some dogs can do well on self-feeders.
Some dogs can even use their fingers to open a door.
Some dogs can exhibit lameness in more than one, or even all legs at the same time.
Some dogs can experience a inconsequential pinch from the needle entering under skin.
Some dogs can have acute crises.
Some dogs can have crises.
Some dogs can have strong drives but weak nerves.
Some dogs can jump six feet in the air from a sitting position.
Some dogs can run faster than others, and some dogs just want to snuggle somewhat more then others.
Some dogs can smell odors given off by humans with bladder cancer and diabetes, researchers say.
Some dogs can sniff a case of dynamite buried two feet under ground.
Some dogs can tolerate a small amount of milk or eggs added to the food.
Some dogs can tow at an amazing rate, so be sure to stay out of the way of the dog.
Some dogs carry bacteria.
Some dogs carry organisms.
Some dogs carry parasites.
Some dogs carry pathogen.
Some dogs carry viruses.
Some dogs catch anything.
Some dogs catch on quickly.
Some dogs cause accidents.
Some dogs cause damage.
Some dogs cause injuries.
Some dogs cause internal damage.
Some dogs cause personal injuries.
Some dogs certainly claim that trimming toenails is the most painful experience they can undergo.
Some dogs chew on an old shoe.
Some dogs chew the nuggets more so than others.
Some dogs chew, bark, or dig to vent their energy and frustration.
Some dogs come from breeders while others are rescued from shelters.
Some dogs come from dogs.
Some dogs come from environments.
Some dogs come from shelter.
Some dogs come into close physical contact.
Some dogs come into contact.
Some dogs come into heat.
Some dogs come into rescue with problems from abuse or neglect.
Some dogs come into seasons.
Some dogs come to ignore all sounds played on a particular audio system.
Some dogs compete for form.
Some dogs compete with livestock.
Some dogs continue their fascination with chewing into their adulthood.
Some dogs crave that hickory smoked flavor on their big ears.
Some dogs crave that hickory smoked flavor on their huge ears.
Some dogs cross tracks.
Some dogs defend livestock.
Some dogs deliberately seek attention with negative behaviors.
Some dogs descend from gray wolves.
Some dogs descend from grey wolves.
Some dogs descend from therapsids.
Some dogs develop a taste for the stool of other dogs and, occasionally, for the stool of cats.
Some dogs develop allergies to food, rawhide chews, medications or other ingested substances.
Some dogs develop diarrhea.
Some dogs develop lesions as a result of constant scratching.
Some dogs develop separation anxiety.
Some dogs develop severe allergic reactions from fleas.
Some dogs develop streaks.
Some dogs develop ulcerations of the mucous membranes and extremities.
Some dogs develop violent streaks.
Some dogs die from heart problems.
Some dogs die from problems.
Some dogs die of causes.
Some dogs die of natural causes.
Some dogs dig before urination or defecation.
Some dogs dig to bury bones or to escape from enclosed spaces.
Some dogs dig to escape.
Some dogs do an excellent job with ducks or geese.
Some dogs do better on a beef, rather than lamb-based, diet.
Some dogs do business.
Some dogs do great on one brand, some dogs do terrible on it.
Some dogs do have issues.
Some dogs do it off and on for months or years without developing any apparent problems.
Some dogs do well on potassium bromide or primidone.
Some dogs drink from the toilet.
Some dogs drive sheep.
Some dogs eat animals.
Some dogs eat birds.
Some dogs eat chickens.
Some dogs eat crops.
Some dogs eat deer.
Some dogs eat european rabbits.
Some dogs eat fruit.
Some dogs eat infect animals.
Some dogs eat livestock.
Some dogs eat rabbits.
Some dogs eat small livestock.
Some dogs eat squirrels.
Some dogs eat tree bulbs or glass ornaments.
Some dogs eat waste.
Some dogs eliminate blood-tinged, liquid feces.
Some dogs enhance life.
Some dogs enjoy collars.
Some dogs enjoy dog collars.
Some dogs enjoy plenty.
Some dogs enter heat.
Some dogs enter holes.
Some dogs enter hutches.
Some dogs enter pasture.
Some dogs enter towns.
Some dogs escape from cages.
Some dogs even do it for fun.
Some dogs even experience anxiety when their beloved owner is only gone for a while.
Some dogs even faint from difficult breathing.
Some dogs even grow to look on carrots as a treat.
Some dogs even know enough to amputate their limbs.
Some dogs even like to play with their food bowls.
Some dogs even start to fall asleep.
Some dogs even suffer from age-related cognitive dysfunction and become confused.
Some dogs even work.
Some dogs exhibit pain.
Some dogs experience adverse health problems.
Some dogs experience other symptoms.
Some dogs explore yards.
Some dogs express themselves in poetry .
Some dogs face emergencies.
Some dogs face medical emergencies.
Some dogs feed on bait.
Some dogs feed on poison bait.
Some dogs feel vibration.
Some dogs find boys.
Some dogs find homes.
Some dogs find hot weather comfort in their own wading pools with fresh, cool water.
Some dogs find it very difficult to maintain extended eye contact.
Some dogs follow tracks.
Some dogs gain weight as they age, while others lose.
Some dogs generalize concepts better than others.
Some dogs genetically have too much testosterone.
Some dogs get all the breaks.
Some dogs get along great the first day, others take a little longer.
Some dogs get along with other pets with no problem.
Some dogs get cancer.
Some dogs get extra treats from the leftovers after a family meal.
Some dogs get flea allergic dermatitis.
Some dogs get flu.
Some dogs get plaque worse than others.
Some dogs get relief from expressing aggression.
Some dogs get sausage.
Some dogs get situations.
Some dogs get treatments.
Some dogs get versions.
Some dogs give birth to sons.
Some dogs go so high in drive that they stop thinking.
Some dogs go through chewing frenzies.
Some dogs go through heat.
Some dogs go to a special school to learn their job.
Some dogs go to fields.
Some dogs go to grass.
Some dogs go to holes.
Some dogs go to pasture.
Some dogs grab possums.
Some dogs graze in grass prairie.
Some dogs grow cells.
Some dogs has-part backs.
Some dogs hate to be brushed, held or touched in certain areas of their bodies.
Some dogs have a barely noticeable limp and others are unable to bear any weight on the leg.
Some dogs have a double row of eyelashes.
Some dogs have a few patches on the body.
Some dogs have a genetic susceptibility to diseases that attack their own immune system.
Some dogs have a natural instinct to help someone who is hunting.
Some dogs have a poor reaction to certain foods.
Some dogs have a problem breeding.
Some dogs have a prominant medial saphenous vein which can be catheterized or sampled.
Some dogs have adult worms in the heart but have no circulating microfilariae.
Some dogs have advantage.
Some dogs have ailment.
Some dogs have allergies which causes excess discharge around the eye.
Some dogs have allergies.
Some dogs have an affinity for water.
Some dogs have bad genes that cause blindness, arthritis, and even death.
Some dogs have beds.
Some dogs have black nails.
Some dogs have cancer.
Some dogs have cataracts.
Some dogs have certain inheritable characteristics that can develop into a disability or disease.
Some dogs have chances.
Some dogs have children.
Some dogs have conditions.
Some dogs have cortisol.
Some dogs have defects.
Some dogs have density.
Some dogs have diarrhea.
Some dogs have dietary requirements.
Some dogs have different requirements.
Some dogs have difficulty climbing stairs or getting into or out of a vehicle.
Some dogs have diseases.
Some dogs have double curls in their tails.
Some dogs have excellent prey drive - but lack defense.
Some dogs have excess hairs growing at the opening of the ear canal.
Some dogs have fevers.
Some dogs have fleas.
Some dogs have fluffy undercoat that clumps and mats as it falls out.
Some dogs have fuzzy ears.
Some dogs have great people skills but lack dog skills.
Some dogs have heart conditions.
Some dogs have hereditary conditions.
Some dogs have hookworms.
Some dogs have illnesses.
Some dogs have issues.
Some dogs have kidney diseases.
Some dogs have kinds.
Some dogs have long ears to help stir smells up from the ground to better smell.
Some dogs have long guard hairs over the under-fur that tangle very easily with the fur beneath it.
Some dogs have mammary tumors.
Some dogs have members.
Some dogs have minor symptoms.
Some dogs have mites.
Some dogs have more problems than others because of their genetic makeup.
Some dogs have much cortisol.
Some dogs have muzzles.
Some dogs have nails of different colors.
Some dogs have natural adverse reactions to such products.
Some dogs have no symptoms and can only be identified with an ophthalmic examination.
Some dogs have no tails.
Some dogs have only skin lesions.
Some dogs have other illnesses.
Some dogs have outbreaks.
Some dogs have phobias such as fear of the vacuum cleaner, thunder or other loud noises.
Some dogs have powerful feelings for their balls or chew toys.
Some dogs have requirements.
Some dogs have roles.
Some dogs have rooms.
Some dogs have runny stools.
Some dogs have schedules.
Some dogs have seizures.
Some dogs have separation anxiety and bark all day or destroy furniture.
Some dogs have similar symptoms.
Some dogs have sorts.
Some dogs have special needs, such as being an only dog, or being in a home with no children.
Some dogs have stools.
Some dogs have strides.
Some dogs have style.
Some dogs have symptoms.
Some dogs have tapeworms.
Some dogs have terminal illnesses.
Some dogs have their own little houses with air conditioning and Internet connections.
Some dogs have to be taught room by room.
Some dogs have trouble adjusting to being tied that short.
Some dogs have trouble.
Some dogs have tumors.
Some dogs have unfair advantage.
Some dogs have very dark nails, so it's difficult to even see the quick.
Some dogs have weakness.
Some dogs have white or tan markings on their legs and underbellies.
Some dogs have worms.
Some dogs hear baths.
Some dogs hear cattle.
Some dogs hear chickens.
Some dogs hear deer.
Some dogs hear horses.
Some dogs hear rats.
Some dogs hear sheep.
Some dogs help farmers.
Some dogs infect humans.
Some dogs infect with hookworms.
Some dogs infect with rabies.
Some dogs ingest infect animals.
Some dogs insert tongues.
Some dogs invade towns.
Some dogs jump from foster home to foster home.
Some dogs jump over fences.
Some dogs just drop all that nice puppy hair and carry a short and very scruffy coat for months.
Some dogs just get really smelly, really easily.
Some dogs just like to eat grass, sort of like our salad bar.
Some dogs just like to play with the glove at the end of a track.
Some dogs keep food.
Some dogs kill animals.
Some dogs kill baboons.
Some dogs kill big baboons.
Some dogs kill birds.
Some dogs kill cassowaries.
Some dogs kill chickens.
Some dogs kill chicks.
Some dogs kill companions.
Some dogs kill dogs.
Some dogs kill male baboons.
Some dogs kill mammals.
Some dogs kill opossums.
Some dogs kill prey.
Some dogs kill rabbits.
Some dogs kill raccoons.
Some dogs kill rats.
Some dogs kill sheep.
Some dogs kill skunks.
Some dogs kill snakes and many others detect snakes and give warning by barking and other behavior.
Some dogs kill tarantulas.
Some dogs kill wildlife.
Some dogs learn quickly and forget just as quickly.
Some dogs learn themselves after a year or two how to solve the problem.
Some dogs learn tricks more easily than others.
Some dogs lick as a substitute for puppy mouthing behavior.
Some dogs like to make a run for it during bath-time.
Some dogs like to watch other animals or nature documentaries.
Some dogs literally start in one minute or less.
Some dogs live for months.
Some dogs live for years.
Some dogs live in basements.
Some dogs live in colonies.
Some dogs live in communities.
Some dogs live in develop countries.
Some dogs live in large colonies.
Some dogs live in prairie.
Some dogs live in regions.
Some dogs live in villages.
Some dogs live on farms.
Some dogs live on streets.
Some dogs live out a normal life span with the murmur, and never develop any other problems.
Some dogs look like foxhounds.
Some dogs look like pigs.
Some dogs look like squirrels from far away.
Some dogs lose appetite.
Some dogs lose diversity.
Some dogs lose genetic diversity.
Some dogs lose legs.
Some dogs lose mass.
Some dogs lose muscle mass.
Some dogs lose pigment in the winter time and have pigment in the summer months.
Some dogs lose teeth.
Some dogs lose their house-training, appetite and liveliness.
Some dogs lose their sight, their hearing or even their sense of smell.
Some dogs lose weight.
Some dogs lose.
Some dogs love all kids, and prefer kids to adults.
Some dogs love to jump, so the act of jumping is motivating and rewarding.
Some dogs love to take baths.
Some dogs maintain unity.
Some dogs make wonderful family pets.
Some dogs move at nights.
Some dogs move food.
Some dogs mysteriously disappear into the scrub never to be seen again.
Some dogs naturally track for the sheer love of tracking.
Some dogs never get over it.
Some dogs never grow accustomed to being left alone.
Some dogs never learn.
Some dogs never like having another dog around when they are eating.
Some dogs only begin stressing once the clippers are activated.
Some dogs only have lobes.
Some dogs only require it once, but most two or more walks are needed.
Some dogs originate from golden jackals.
Some dogs originate from jackals.
Some dogs panic at quick movements and others stand their ground.
Some dogs pass through hands.
Some dogs perform roles.
Some dogs perform tricks for patients.
Some dogs pick up articles.
Some dogs pick up organisms.
Some dogs pick up viruses.
Some dogs pose threats.
Some dogs possess ancestry.
Some dogs possess bacteria.
Some dogs possess fur.
Some dogs possess homes.
Some dogs possess viruses.
Some dogs prefer prey.
Some dogs prefer the board propped at an angle, other dogs prefer the board flat on the floor.
Some dogs prefer the inside and some prefer the outside.
Some dogs produce offspring.
Some dogs protect stock.
Some dogs provide nutrients.
Some dogs provide opportunity.
Some dogs provide signals that are easy to spot, while others are more difficult.
Some dogs provide unique opportunity.
Some dogs pull bones.
Some dogs pull equipment.
Some dogs pull heavy sleds.
Some dogs pull muscles.
Some dogs pull sleds.
Some dogs pursue hogs.
Some dogs quickly learn to anticipate the second hose and drop the first hose too early.
Some dogs reach ages.
Some dogs react fearfully to the sound of the click.
Some dogs react to absolutely everything in the environment.
Some dogs react to the suspension in the vaccine, rather than the actual killed virus itself.
Some dogs really enjoy playing in a little kiddie splash pool of water.
Some dogs really love to get into little clothes.
Some dogs receive bicarbonate.
Some dogs receive injections.
Some dogs receive more inquiries than others.
Some dogs receive vaccines.
Some dogs remain infected for a long time before showing any clinical signs of the disease.
Some dogs remember the last cyclist and are out for revenge.
Some dogs require a lot of exercise and room to run.
Some dogs require daily grooming.
Some dogs require daily medication for various physical ailments.
Some dogs require daily medications to treat the infirmities of old age.
Some dogs require habitats.
Some dogs require more grooming than others.
Some dogs require some kind of correction to suppress undesirable behavior around horses.
Some dogs require specific circumstances and the needs of each individual dog are evaluated.
Some dogs require toys.
Some dogs require treatments.
Some dogs resemble animals.
Some dogs retain characteristics.
Some dogs roam away from the flock.
Some dogs roll in dead animal remains.
Some dogs roll in the grass or pick up a stick in their mouths to carry.
Some dogs secrete pheromone.
Some dogs seek homes.
Some dogs seek sheep.
Some dogs seem to bark incessantly.
Some dogs seem to be able to alert their owners to the onset of epileptic seizures.
Some dogs seem to be less affected by periods of isolation.
Some dogs seem to have favorite toys or objects, and others are just as happy with any stick.
Some dogs seize animals.
Some dogs seize cattle.
Some dogs seize men.
Some dogs seize rabbits.
Some dogs seize squirrels.
Some dogs shake heads.
Some dogs share adaptive strategies.
Some dogs shed hair.
Some dogs show a fold at the side of the head and also at the withers descending to the shoulder.
Some dogs show an increased volume of excretion, while others show a decrease.
Some dogs show dogs.
Some dogs show fear of thunder, yet have no reaction to other types of loud noises such as guns.
Some dogs show improvement.
Some dogs show pregnancy symptoms.
Some dogs show profound weakness and incoordination.
Some dogs show same symptoms.
Some dogs show very little evidence of pain, while others become irritable.
Some dogs sit in front of the door, others scratch or bark.
Some dogs sit on logs.
Some dogs spend their entire lives tied to ropes.
Some dogs spread microbes.
Some dogs spread viruses.
Some dogs stand in fields.
Some dogs start to chew all of a sudden because of dental problems.
Some dogs stay in physical shapes.
Some dogs stay in shapes.
Some dogs steal chickens.
Some dogs suffer contraction.
Some dogs suffer deficiencies.
Some dogs suffer from a condition known as submissive urination.
Some dogs suffer from anemia.
Some dogs suffer from anxiety.
Some dogs suffer from arthritis.
Some dogs suffer from fevers.
Some dogs suffer from food allergies which can result in excessive licking.
Some dogs suffer from issues.
Some dogs suffer from separation anxiety.
Some dogs suffer injuries.
Some dogs suffer range contraction.
Some dogs suffer reaction.
Some dogs suffer reductions.
Some dogs suffer symptoms.
Some dogs survive attacks.
Some dogs survive disasters.
Some dogs survive in habitats.
Some dogs survive in natural habitats.
Some dogs swim in ponds.
Some dogs take longer than others.
Some dogs take on the personality of their handlers.
Some dogs take the easy way out.
Some dogs temporarily forget their training.
Some dogs tend to respond aggressively with very little stimulation.
Some dogs think they are going to be aggressive with cats.
Some dogs threaten livestock.
Some dogs threaten rabbits.
Some dogs tolerate very little before they become aggressive.
Some dogs transmit bacteria.
Some dogs transmit diseases.
Some dogs transmit human diseases.
Some dogs transmit viruses.
Some dogs treat a stuffed toy like a friend and carry it around and sleep with it.
Some dogs try to dominate their owners.
Some dogs try to escape because they are frightened.
Some dogs turn their heads toward their handler, looking sideways.
Some dogs understand competition.
Some dogs use in experiments.
Some dogs use pheromone.
Some dogs use products.
Some dogs use samples.
Some dogs use their mouths out of fear or frustration, which can indicate a problem with aggression.
Some dogs wait outside their truck to be hitched up for the race.
Some dogs walk forward with their back legs into the sit, and some walk back with their front legs.
Some dogs win.
Some dogs work better for treats than for praise.
Some dogs work with teachers.
A doge is a judge
DOGEs are the graduate program coordinators of majors and interdepartmental programs.
Dogfight fans circulate videotapes from past bouts.
A dogfight is a fighting
Dogfight is as much about what is implied as what's there.
Dogfight pits a player against a computer opponent.
Dogfights are battles.
Dogfights are contests.
Dogfights are fights.
Dogfights are single encounters between set groups of planes.
Dogfights can even take place inside the superstructures of capital ships.
Dogfights end when one of the dogs is no longer able or willing to continue.
Dogfights take place in the rectangular room and the small circular room.
Dogfights take place over very detailed terrain.
Dogfights often last for several hours, as animals rip each other to shreds.
Dogfish sharks have a variety of different parts.
A dogfish is a bony fish
Dogfishes are probably the most important commercial species in the Northeast.
Dogged determination is usually necessary for running a business.
A doggerel is a verse
Doggerel mixes with the sublime to create a thoroughly contemporary poetry.
A doggie is a dog
Doggies are good, hard fighters on an angler s line.
Doggies are located in beds.
Doggies exist in the outside world of fact.
Doggies get a bowl of water and a free hotdog. .
Doggies kill each other.
Doggy style is just plain sex.
Doggy style removes all of that.
Most doggy vendors carry a variety of scalers.
A doggy is a dog
Doggies have (part) bone cells.
Doggies have (part) brains.
Doggies have (part) breasts.
Doggies have (part) chest cavities.
Doggies have (part) chests.
Doggies have (part) corpi.
Doggies have (part) ears.
Doggies have (part) faces.
Doggies have (part) ground substances.
Doggies have (part) heads.
Doggies have (part) marrow.
Doggies have (part) mast cells.
Doggies have (part) pads.
Doggies have (part) paws.
Doggies have (part) piluses.
Doggies have (part) rib cages.
Doggies have (part) sections.
Doggies have (part) skulls.
Doggies have (part) sterna.
Doggy is soft and slightly shaggy with a squeaker inside for extra fun.
Doggy isa dog.
Doggy takes a bath.
All doggy hold it.
A dogleg is an angle
Doglegs are angles.
Doglegs are both right and left.
Doglegs are holes.
Doglegs are long and winding, as are many of the bunkers.
Doglegs are plentiful and water comes into play on a few holes.
Doglegs favor the player who works the ball left to right off the tee.
Dogma becomes flesh, blood, life.
Dogma forbids the employment of any sort of special effects in the course of the film being shot.
Dogma is alive and well in modern America.
Dogma is beliefs.
Dogma is creed
Dogma is doctrines.
Dogma is religious doctrines.
Dogma is used for tyrants.
Dogma is worth seeing at least once.
Dogma isa gospel.
Dogma matters little to the oppressed.
Dogma offers fiscal hope for a more diverse and independent cinema.
Dogma offers more of the same, on a larger scale.
Dogma replaces improvisation.
Dogma succeeds gracefully .
Dogmas correlate to our ascetic attitude.
Dogmas grow like potatoes.
Dogmas have a way of attracting critical minds.
Dogmas have sharp teeth, and when backed against the wall, they can bite.
Every dogma contains within itself the one, entire mystery.
Dogmatic answers are non-answers after all, they are just the closure of conversation by force.
Dogmatic answers close off spiritual questioning and invite future disillusionment.
Dogmatic assertions are inconsistent with objective consideration of any subject.
Dogmatic atheists like to suppose that there is no difference between religion and superstition.
Dogmatic expression is necessary.
Dogmatic intolerance is therefore a moral duty, a duty to the infinite truth and to truthfulness.
Dogmatic practice can after all disguise the intellectual beauty of much of Jewish life.
Dogmatic religion is characterized by the denial of direct spiritual knowledge.
Dogmatic scepticism is for more stubborn people.
Dogmatic theology is the statement of positive truths of religion.
Dogmatic treatments can be time-consuming and costly and can lead to erroneous conclusions.
A dogmatism is intolerance
Dogmatism has no room here.
Dogmatism is an appeal to the authority of one interpretative scheme over the other.
Dogmatism is committed to there being only one justifiable system of values.
Dogmatism is out.
Dogmatism leads a person to see the world as a threatening place and regard authority as absolute.
A dogmatist is an advocate
Dogmatists are intense advocates for their beliefs.
Dogmatists spurn creamy versions of the dish and endorse chunky ones.
Dogpile searches help direct users to the search engine with the most promising results.
Dogs today have birthday parties, wardrobes, health foods and spa services.
Many dogs today develop a condition called hip dysplasia.
Some dogs trainers work with obedience training clubs and kennels to teach dogs and their owners.
A dogsbody is a worker
Dogsbody noses the petals.
Dogsled trips range from one to seven days and include transportation from Toronto.
A dogwatch is a watch
DogWatch has the best technology on the market today.
DogWatch is easy to install and can be far less expensive than traditional fencing.
Dogwood borer is a frequent pest that can result in added tree injury and stress.
Dogwood borers are caterpillars that grow up to be clearwing moths.
Dogwood borers are now at peak laying activity.
Dogwood borers prefer burr knots.
Dogwood Creek is convenient to downtown Greensboro.
A dogwood tree is a tree
Dogwood trees add spring flowers and fall color.
Dogwood trees are lit up at night, Some are pink and some are white.
Dogwood trees are trees.
Dogwood trees begin producing seeds right after the petals drop from the flowers.
Dogwood trees grow easily from seed.
Dogwood trees have shallow roots.
Dogwood trees have two different flower patterns.
A dogwood is a tree
Dogwood anthracnose is a fungal disease of leaves and twigs.
Dogwood anthracnose is favored by wet, rainy weather, and slow foliage drying.
Dogwood anthracnose is the disease that can cause tree decline and mortality.
Dogwood can be sawn, planed and turned easily and takes a glossy finish.
Dogwood can be sawn, planed, and turned easily, and it takes a glossy finish.
Dogwood can spread by suckering.
Dogwood is a common flowering tree of the eastern United States.
Dogwood is a hard wood that was used for making spindles for the mills.
Dogwood is a Native American remedy for fever.
Dogwood is a school in which learning and character education are top priorities.
Dogwood is a slow to moderate grower.
Dogwood is closed in late fall.
Dogwood is now in Aiken, South Carolina, where horses are an integral part of the town.
Dogwood is one of the first small landscape trees to begin to change color in the Autumn.
Dogwood is the state flower, the cardinal is the state bird.
Dogwood leaves showing blotches and spots of the fungus disease dogwood anthracnose.
Dogwood overhangs the passage.
Dogwood produces small showy white flowers that develop into pleasing white berries.
Dogwood provides dense cover for wildlife and summer food for many bird species.
Dogwood provides many wildlife benefits.
Dogwood provides some of the most clearly articulated rage in Christian rock.
Dogwoods also prefer partial or bright shade.
Dogwoods are an understory tree.
Dogwoods are another choice for basically the same reasons.
Dogwoods are another group of popular larger shrubs.
Dogwoods are at their best in a sandy, acidic soil and in areas that receive abundant rain.
Dogwoods are deciduous shrubs or small trees that grow best under the shade of taller trees.
Dogwoods are hard to spot with foliage leafing out - at the end of their season.
Dogwoods are native as understory trees in our pine and hardwood forests.
Dogwoods are native to North Carolina and are also the state flower.
Dogwoods are on way out right now.
Dogwoods are one of the best kinds of shade-tolerant trees.
Dogwoods are the most numerous tree species in the understory throughout the Woods.
Dogwoods are the state flower, by the way.
Dogwoods are tolerant of competition from many other plants.
Dogwoods are trees.
Dogwoods are understory trees.
Dogwoods are very susceptible to drought stress.
Dogwoods are very susceptible.
Dogwoods are wood.
Dogwoods can reproduce vegetatively through suckers, sprouts, and root shoots.
Dogwoods demand excellent drainage.
Dogwoods grow readily from seed.
Dogwoods have many near-surface roots so don t disturb the soil around the tree more than necessary.
Dogwoods have many uses in the landscape.
Dogwoods have tough, white bracts, which most people think of as petals, functioning the same way.
Dogwoods prefer a soil that is high in organic matter.
Dogwoods produce a mixture of colors from bright red to blackish-purple.
Dogwoods produce nutritious fruits in the fall, which serve as a food source for forest songbirds.
Dogwoods take on a lovely tiered branching when lightly crusted with snow.
Dogwoods wither from cold and rain.
All dogwoods are deciduous with heavy, hard and fine-textured wood.
More dogwoods die from lawn equipment damage than any other reason.
Most dogwoods are native to North America, Europe and Asia.
Most dogwoods require supplemental water during summer and fall, especially during hot, dry spells.
Some dogwoods have spectacular red branches that stand out in winter, especially against snow.
All DOH personnel can get software clicking the links below.
DOH regulations permit limited patient access to their hospital records.
DOHS needs a least two weeks notice to prepare for the chemical move.
DOHS needs to know what hazard designations to include for each lab.
A doily is linen
Doilies are linen.
Doilies dress up any tray, plain or fancy.
Doilies make great backgrounds for displaying other items.
Doilies serve as a bedsheet and rug.
Doilies soften the display.
Doilies soften the hard edges of the glass, and a low bowl of flowers balances the display.
Doji days can become support or resistance, usually on a short-term basis.
Doji lines are among the most important individual candlestick lines.
Doji lines are important in a variety of patterns.
A dol is an unit
DoL also has authority to order the debarment of such contractors.
Dolby consultants are also available for a variety of production assistance or training.
Dolby consultants are also available for staff training.
Dolby surround is still the most common form of surround sound.
Doldrums are calm winds that are found at the equator.
Doldrums originate in the costumes and simmer up through the acting.
Dole corporation offers recommendations for kids eating healthy foods from the food groups.
A dole is welfare
Dole blames capital gains tax.
Dole counters with a quick cane to the shins.
Dole isa possession.
Dole votes no.
Doles are allowance.
Doles are public assistance.
Doles are shares.
Doles are social welfare.
Doll houses See the wonderful selection of popular doll house kits and ready-made houses.
Doll parts await reassembly.
More doll parts add interest to a small garden pool.
A doll is a toy
Doll comes with feather headdress.
Doll comes with safe-earrings and original red helanca swimmsuit.
Doll comes with stick and board.
Doll isa plaything.
Doll isa toy.
DOLL Make sure scale is correct.
Doll says basinwide management offers real possibilities for reducing nutrient runoff.
Doll shown has strawberry blond hair.
Doll stand and miniature rosary included.
Doll stand available separately.
Doll steal aside any permission and engaged cheerleading sneakers.
Dolls are among the most popular items collected, along with coins and stamps.
Dolls are ancient artifacts.
Dolls are as life-like as kid sisters, interacting and growing like real humans.
Dolls are available for purchase in two different ways.
Dolls are available in a variety of styles.
Dolls are both excellent.
Dolls are by nature multimedia figurative art.
Dolls are dancers and missionaries trying to change their evil ways.
Dolls Are Deadly.
Dolls are easy to undress and change to a new style.
Dolls are for decorative purposes only.
Dolls are for girls.
Dolls are for playing with.
Dolls are for sale only,no trades.
Dolls are fully poseable with hand painted faces.
Dolls are harder to find.
Dolls are like fine paintings.
Dolls are located in museums.
Dolls are on display here and are made on the premises.
Dolls are one of the major interior decoration motifs along with owls, stars and, of course, color.
Dolls are simple without fancy faces.
Dolls are smalls.
Dolls are sold without the eyes painted in .
Dolls are sold without the eyes painted in.
Dolls are the stuff of big and little girls dreams.
Dolls are toys.
Dolls are used for collecting.
Dolls are used for decoration.
Dolls are used for fun.
Dolls are used for little girls.
Dolls are used for play.
Dolls are used to represent specific people.
Dolls can be very useful.
Dolls can have sex.
Dolls can reflect cultural diversity, and accessories can symbolize familiar aspects of family life.
Dolls come as dressed.
Dolls come from a non-smoking environment.
Dolls come in all shapes and sizes and are made for different too.
Dolls come with all outfit pieces and accessories and display stand.
Dolls come with baby bottles.
Dolls dressed in authentic Czech costumes with beautiful embroidery are available as well.
Dolls elicit the same simple-hearted beauty and delicacy again.
Dolls emilys gifts.
Dolls even get a quality check.
Dolls go dancing on the moon, and rain makes applesauce.
Dolls have (part) sections.
Dolls have categories such as porcelain, china, bisque, or cloth.
Dolls have heads.
Dolls have real leather shoes.
Dolls have yarn hair.
Dolls help all children work out important emotions and various aspects of family life.
Dolls help young people recognize the demands of parenting.
Dolls inside are fine.
Dolls is a slick, modern magazine for modern doll lovers.
Dolls is a well-blended mixture of humor, compassion and thought provoking information.
Dolls Learn all about and discuss the making and collecting of fine dolls.
Dolls look so great with a hat box.
Dolls measure anywhere between four and ten inches tall.
Dolls merely scratch the surface.
Dolls offered here are the only available ones in the collections.
Dolls provide powerful girl-type content easily bordering on the abject.
Dolls representing the characters are very popular with the tourists.
Dolls shown below are in stock and ready to ship.
Dolls still mint.
Dolls teach many important skills and give children emotional support.
Dolls used are for display purposes only.
Dolls usually cost the same as their base character on the doll and puppet pages.
All dolls are Caucasian.
All dolls are hand numbered and back stamped with a certificate of authenticity.
All dolls are handcrafted and they all have a reason to cry.
All dolls are in excellent condition and in original boxes.
All dolls are in original box and in excellent condition.
All dolls are individuals.
All dolls are linkware and adoptable.
All dolls are nrfb and in great boxes unless otherwise stated.
All dolls are subject to prior sale at any time.
All dolls come complete with removable boots or shoes and clothing.
All dolls come dressed.
All dolls come with a card that tells their fascinating story.
All dolls come with a certificate of authenticity, hand tag and a gift box.
All dolls come with a stand.
All dolls have blue eyes and freckles.
All dolls have individual hair designs and realistic eyelashes.
All dolls offer direct translation from English to their native language.
All dolls showing are currently available.
Every doll comes with a certificate of authenticity and is marked and dated by the artist.
Every doll comes with an individually numbered certificate, handsigned by the creator.
Every doll created in our workshop is handmade, one at a time.
Every doll has something important to say.
Every doll is a guaranteed original work of art.
Every doll is as unique as the one before.
Every doll is different and is signed by the artist on the base.
Every doll is named by the artist.
Every doll is the same as the one before and so on.
Every doll is unique and made by hand.
Most dolls are in perfect condition and come with original tags, boxes and packaging.
Most dolls have heads.
Most dolls have no earrings to prevent greening.
Some dolls appreciate, some lose, and some remain the same.
Some dolls are exclusives to all of Europe.
Some dolls are more fantasy play, some are more hair play, and some are activity oriented.
Some dolls even respond according to the time of day.
Some dolls have values.
Some dolls have yarn hair in yellow, brown or tan, and others have no hair.
Some dolls wear uniforms.
A dollar bill is a bill
Dollar bills account for most of the printing.
Dollar bills are a little trickier.
Dollar bills are lighter than coins and most vending machines take bills now.
Dollar bills are located in banks.
Dollar bills are located in pockets.
Dollar bills are located in purses.
Dollar bills are located in wallets.
Dollar bills are paper money.
Dollar bills are used for bettings.
Dollar bills are used for buying.
Dollar bills are used for cash.
Dollar bills are used for money.
Dollar bills are used for pay.
Dollar bills are used for payments.
Dollar bills are used for spending.
Dollar bills cover almost all of the ceiling and pickled eggs are still a common snack.
Dollar bills have an eye over a pyramid.
Every dollar bill has a serial number of two letters and eight digits.
Dollar birds breed again.
Dollar dance Remember, too, that certification is a market trend.
Dollar Deals Check out our newest deals.
Dollar Lake is probably the most beautiful of all the lakes in Henrys Fork Basin.
A dollar sign is a symbol
Dollar signs are in their eyes.
Dollar signs dance before their eyes.
Dollar signs don t void that ache.
Dollar signs indicate the price of dinner per person without beverages.
Dollar Signs is a weekly investment show seen in major markets across America.
Dollar Signs stands alone as the forum where investors can meet, hear and evaluate fund managers.
Dollar spot causes disease on all cool season turfgrass species.
Dollar spot is a disease that is often seen on centipedegrass during the summer.
Dollar spot is also rampant.
Dollar spot is more common during the spring and fall months.
Dollar spot is more prevalent on turf which has been grown under a low nitrogen fertility regime.
Dollar spot is more severe under nitrogen deficiency or when grass grows slowly.
Dollar spot is most active from late spring through fall.
Dollar spot occurs during the summer and early fall.
Dollar spot occurs during warmer summer months.
Dollar stores are also great for pinata fillers.
Dollar stores are great supply resources.
Dollar stores are popular with consumers because they offer everyday low prices everyday.
Dollar stores carry a large assortment at a very low price.
Dollar stores have great items too.
Dollar symbols reflect a property's published, per night price range for double occupancy.
A dollar is an unit
Dollar accepts foreign-issued driver's licenses at most locations.
Dollar amounts given are in millions.
Dollar amounts in thousands unless noted.
Dollar amounts in thousands.
Dollar amounts shown are monthly residential prices unless otherwise stated.
Dollar gets a C .
Dollar has no degree in theology.
Dollar has one of the newest fleets in Hawaii and all cars include unlimited mileage.
Dollar invite beyond some cattle for had demi moore movies.
Dollar invite beyond some cattle for had frederick douglass.
Dollar is an unpredictable, live wire.
Dollar is jovial and outgoing at the bar.
Dollar is just fine.
Dollar isa unit.
Dollar loaded schedules can help contractors plan cash flow and arrange for necessary borrowing.
Dollar offers a wide selection of fine quality vehicles.
Dollar offers customers from Germany and Austria two fully inclusive rental car packages.
Dollar offers customers from the UK two fully inclusive rental car packages.
Dollar reigns as crumbling sterling hurts euro .
Dollar remains major mode of liquidity, key intervention currency.
Dollar still remains the safest bet.
Dollar succeeds as a MC and climbs up the chart while fighting off the enemies.
Dollar Surcharge by item or total sale.
Dollars are a big part of that.
Dollars are a legal means of exchange, and contracts can be written in dollars.
Dollars are absolutely everywhere.
Dollars are always tight for maintenance folks.
Dollars are better.
Dollars are bills.
Dollars are coin.
Dollars are currency.
Dollars are current U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.
Dollars are easy to care for.
Dollars are fewer.
Dollars are fine anywhere.
Dollars are fungible.
Dollars are in great demand.
Dollars are in millions.
Dollars are in thousands.
Dollars are located in banks.
Dollars are located in cash drawers.
Dollars are located in pockets.
Dollars are located in purses.
Dollars are money.
Dollars are one way of measuring success.
Dollars are plentiful and long-term loans are available, unlike most countries of Latin America.
Dollars are preferred.
Dollars are symbols.
Dollars are the cheapest things to be found on any of the big lots.
Dollars are the most widely accepted currency in the world.
Dollars are the only thing that the entertainment industry listens to.
Dollars are tight and the focus is on primary and secondary education.
Dollars are tight.
Dollars are used for buying.
Dollars are used for legal tenders.
Dollars are used for savings.
Dollars are used for shopping.
Dollars are used for spending.
Dollars are usually at the heart of any labor negotiation because raises mean respect.
Dollars are very transportable, and translatable.
Dollars are welcome for high-end purchases.
Dollars are welcome in most places.
Dollars brought in as transfer payments are dollars that help our economy.
Dollars buy food.
Dollars can disappear in other ways, of course.
Dollars continue beside the internet yet purchased Short dress.
Dollars continue to evaporate.
Dollars contributed by the parent are typically tax deferred.
Dollars count as much as patients.
Dollars Enter the same dollar amount of consideration in numeric format.
Dollars face hardship in securing financing.
Dollars flit out of fist like lemmings over a cliff.
Dollars flow in and out of the country from trade, unilateral transfers, and capital exchanges.
Dollars follow content.
Dollars follow data.
Dollars follow programs rather than needs and people.
Dollars follow values Dollars follow values.
Dollars gain and lose value in the marketplace.
Dollars generated by visitors flow through the community, creating jobs and tax revenue.
Dollars go to prisons.
Dollars have (part) cents.
Dollars make all the difference.
Dollars only work for so long.
Dollars pay bills and art pays the psyche.
Dollars raised in Delaware stay in Delaware, unless designated elsewhere.
Dollars really drive so many of the decisions.
Dollars receive near most presidential.
Dollars received by a permitee or concessionaire are different from receipts to the treasury.
Dollars reflect the same trends.
Dollars Requested includes all dollars associated with the requests for funding.
Dollars roll in and things look rosy.
Dollars shown are for illustrative purposes only.
Dollars spent by tourists produce a ripple effect that is felt in every community.
Dollars spent by tourists produce an impact within every aspect of the community.
Dollars spent on prevention are cheaper than dollars spent for a cure.
Dollars spent on taxes represent an unresourceful use of funds.
Dollars win Mice with all summer outside most commerce.
Dollars womens satin pajamas.
Dollars always represent resources.
Dollars often speak louder than words.
All dollar amounts in fees refer to U.S. dollars.
All dollar amounts in million except per share amounts.
All dollar amounts in millions.
All dollar amounts shown are United States Dollars.
All dollars are direct, that is before application of any reinsurance ceded or assumed.
All dollars are in billions, and non-seasonally adjusted. .
All dollars are on the 'big' T account.
All dollars are U.S. unless otherwise noted.
All dollars buy euros as the prevailing rate, which changes daily.
Any dollar amt.
Every dollar adds a shingle to the roof or a hinge to a door.
Every dollar adds up.
Every dollar buys six pounds of food.
Every dollar can save a life.
Every dollar carries great weight in the challenge of finding a cure for brain tumor diseases.
Every dollar collected in payroll taxes is spent immediately.
Every dollar collected in taxes represents a small reduction in personal liberty.
Every dollar comes back.
Every dollar comes from our budget.
Every dollar counts and being involved, even just getting the newsletter, makes such a difference.
Every dollar counts every day.
Every dollar counts in research.
Every dollar counts to bring the message of positive change to Canada, so please give generously.
Every dollar counts towards staying afloat.
Every dollar counts, and all donations are appreciated.
Every dollar counts, and no contribution is too small.
Every dollar counts, especially for students in college.
Every dollar counts, is needed, and is valued.
Every dollar counts, no matter how much or how little.
Every dollar counts.
Every dollar earned in interest is important revenue to our budget.
Every dollar earned in the USA is taxable.
Every dollar given brings the dream of a new shelter that much closer to reality.
Every dollar given helps to provide expert medical care to children, at no charge.
Every dollar given is available to the appropriate department during the current year.
Every dollar given is invested in program or service.
Every dollar given to the bishop as a fast offering goes to assist the poor.
Every dollar given to the offering goes directly to support mission overseas.
Every dollar goes a long way.
Every dollar goes directly into student scholarships, because the board pays all overhead expenses.
Every dollar goes directly to advocacy.
Every dollar goes directly to research.
Every dollar goes directly towards helping the animals .
Every dollar goes for the spreading of the message.
Every dollar goes into the museum's operations and development.
Every dollar goes twice as far as a pound of food.
Every dollar has a wire attached to it when it comes from Washington.
Every dollar has to count, especially for tribes with tight budgets.
Every dollar helps .
Every Dollar helps and counts.
Every dollar helps promote exciting jazz.
Every dollar helps provide an affordable education to deserving students.
Every dollar helps provide resources for caring organizations in Story County.
Every dollar helps to feed the hungry.
Every dollar helps, and every dollar donated is tax-deductible.
Every dollar helps.
Every dollar invested in a voucher scheme is a dollar drained from our public schools.
Every dollar invested in education increases the value and worth of the community.
Every dollar invested in the arts in the region supports two dollars in total regional spending.
Every dollar is a finger to the terrorists.
Every dollar is a vote.
Every dollar is an investment in their economic growth.
Every dollar is appreciated, equally valued, and really helps.
Every dollar is appreciated.
Every dollar is from voluntary contributions.
Every dollar is important and goes to keeping the effort alive.
Every dollar is important.
Every dollar is spent on something useful.
Every dollar is welcome.
Every dollar is worth ten points.
Every dollar makes a big difference.
Every dollar makes a difference.
Every dollar makes an important difference.
Every dollar paid in death taxes is a dollar diverted from savings or investment.
Every dollar paid to bondholders is a dollar taken from the private sector in taxes.
Every dollar pays for more flyers, more public meetings, and more miles on the campaign trail.
Every dollar plants a tree in a damaged ecosystem somewhere in the U.S. or overseas.
Every dollar plants a tree.
Every dollar plants a treet.
Every dollar received by the foundation is invested that same day.
Every dollar saved by outsourcing content creation goes straight to our partners' bottom line.
Every dollar saved in administrative costs is an extra dollar to reinvest in our core missions.
Every dollar shortens both the time and distance to debt-freedom.
Every dollar spent by the federal government is received by someone.
Every dollar spent here hoes directly back into the ministry.
Every dollar spent in a community is spent again in the community at least twice.
Every dollar spent in an area adds to the area's total employment and income.
Every dollar spent is a vote cast.
Every dollar spent is a vote of support.
Every dollar spent is leveraged with over four dollars in donated goods and services.
Every dollar spent on a bureaucrat is one less spent on real health care.
Every dollar spent on a warplane is one unavailable to be spent on children.
Every dollar spent on education is repaid ten fold in higher earnings.
Every dollar spent on knowledge transfer is a critical investment.
Every dollar spent on prisons is a dollar lost to higher education.
Every dollar spent on research at the university level is an investment in the future.
Every dollar spent on retail space is eventually deductible.
Every dollar spent on the environment takes away from other programs.
Every dollar spent on training is returned with a more efficiently run and maintained network.
Every dollar truly helps.
Every dollars brings back the lost pride in veterans and puts a smile on a forgotten face.
Many dollars never enter into the cycle which makes money.
More dollars follow students who are poor, disabled, low achievers, or still learning English.
More dollars go into the classrooms.
Most dollars come from individual contributors.
A dollhouse is a house
Dollhouse scales for scratch model building.
Dollhouses are history, whimsy, and fun all in one.
Dollhouses are probably the most popular form of miniatures that people are familiar with.
Dollop isa indefinite quantity.
Dolls face is embroidered.
Dolls houses can teach children a lot about past times.
A dolly is transport
Dollies are useful on smooth floors only.
Dollies come in all shapes and sizes.
Dollies have (part) sections.
Dollies have a hard time going up stairs.
Dolly isa transport.
A dolman is a cloak
Dolmen means 'table stone' and menhir 'tall stone'.
A dolmen is a monument
All dolmens are related, perhaps through religion or magic, perhaps as the work of one people.
A dolomite is a stone
Dolomite has higher levels of calcium and magnesium.
Dolomite has major drilling deficiencies as a pearl nucleus.
Dolomite is a hard rock formed when limestone is infused with magnesium.
Dolomite is a magnesia-rich sedimentary rock resembling limestone.
Dolomite is a minor but ubiquitous component throughout the core.
Dolomite is a very common mineral and ankerite is much more scarce.
Dolomite is also an extremely fibrous mineral.
Dolomite is an important rock-forming mineral in the dolostones throughout the county.
Dolomite is another type of limestone.
Dolomite is calcium and magnesium.
Dolomite is considered a carbonate rock.
Dolomite is considered carbonate rock .
Dolomite is crushed limestone that is made into pills for mineral supplements.
Dolomite is difficult to distinguish from calcite in thin section, without special treatment.
Dolomite is more suitable for decorative items than mugs.
Dolomite is much more common in Paleozoic rocks than in Tertiary rocks and sediments.
Dolomite is similar to limestone, but has a bit of magnesium substituting for some of the calcium.
Dolomite is slightly harder than calcite, although it can easily be scratched by a knife.
Dolomite is sold as crushed stone.
Dolomite is the chief mineral in dolostone.
Dolomite is the predominant rock being formed.
Dolomite is used as a flux in the steel making process.
Dolomite is used for road construction.
Dolomite is used to make magnesia.
Dolomite occurs as disseminated rhombs and cemented beds and nodules.
Dolomite occurs in the more landward lakes.
Dolomites are carbonate rocks.
Dolomites are commonly less suitable than other industrial limestones for most applications.
Dolomites are fabric preserving and microcrystalline to cryptocrystalline.
Dolomites are minerals.
Dolomites are mountain ranges.
Dolomites are rich in magnesium.
Dolomites are rocks.
Dolomitic lime does however, supply magnesium as well as calcium.
Dolomitic lime is an excellent source of magnesium.
Dolomitic lime is the most economical source of magnesium.
Dolomitic lime is the source most commonly used in North Carolina.
Dolomitic lime offers the added benefit of magnesium.
Dolomitic Limestone Apply in fall to raise pH of acidic soils that contain insufficient magnesium.
Dolomitic limestone contains calcium and magnesium.
Dolomitic limestone is a mixture of calcium and magnesium carbonate.
Dolomitic limestone is mined around the world.
Dolomitic limestone is normally what is recommended.
Dolomitic limestone is recommended as an alternate liming source since it supplies magnesium.
Dolomitic limestone is recommended.
Dolomitic limestone is the most common form of liming material sold in Connecticut.
A dolor is grief
Dolor sit ament, con venami quis nostrud.
Dolor sit amet consecitor.
Dolor sit amet, sed diam nonummy.
Dolor sit amet.
Dolors are grief.
Most dolphin biologists think that dolphins are about as smart as dogs and chimps.
Some dolphin coasts have concentration.
Dolphin fetuses develop hind limbs.
Dolphin fetuses develop limbs.
Most dolphin fetuses develop hind limbs.
Most dolphin fetuses develop limbs.
Dolphin hearts pump blood.
Dolphin hearts pump rich blood.
Most dolphin hearts pump blood.
Most dolphin hearts pump rich blood.
Dolphin meat has flavor.
Most dolphin meat has flavor.
Some dolphin meat poses danger.
Dolphin skeletons have hind limbs.
Dolphin skeletons have limbs.
Dolphin skeletons have vestigial hind limbs.
Dolphin skeletons have vestigial limbs.
Most dolphin skeletons have limbs.
Most dolphin skeletons have vestigial hind limbs.
Most dolphin skeletons have vestigial limbs.
All dolphin species have a blowhole.
Most dolphin species have great vision and they hear well too.
Some dolphin species gather in enormous groups of several hundreds or thousands.
Some dolphin whales have problems.
A dolphin is a bony fish
Dolphin are abundant and on fortunate days four species are sighted.
Dolphin isa whale.
Dolphin seem to congregate under floating debris.
Dolphin tend to be a spring and summer fish.
Dolphins act in an excited manner in order to protect each other.
Dolphins adapt to aquatic life.
Dolphins adapt to life.
Dolphins add a dimension of speed.
Dolphins also bump into the gills of the shark, which destroys the shark s ability to breathe.
Dolphins also collide forcefully with one another as they flee about.
Dolphins also communicate by other means of sounds.
Dolphins also communicate by slapping their flukes on the surface of the water.
Dolphins also communicate physically.
Dolphins also display aggression over territory and mating.
Dolphins also emit pure tone sounds called whistles and chirps.
Dolphins also explores the dolphin-human bond.
Dolphins also feed on individual, nonschooling fishes.
Dolphins also have good vision, and the entire surface of their bodies has a keen sense of touch.
Dolphins also make more efficient use of oxygen than humans.
Dolphins also produce a number of non-vocal sounds that they use for communication.
Dolphins also produce whistling sounds when excited or communicating with other dolphins.
Dolphins also show aggression by emitting bubble clouds from their blowholes.
Dolphins also show evidence of accumulating information over successive glimpses of the object.
Dolphins also use clever and varied methods, many cooperative, to trap their prey.
Dolphins also use click-like pulses produced by nasal sacs in the forehead for echolocation.
Dolphins also use clicklike pulses produced by nasal sacs in the forehead for echolocation.
Dolphins also use echolocation through an organ in their head called the melon.
Dolphins also utilize their muscle tissue to store oxygen.
Dolphins also whistle when separated from other group members.
Dolphins apparently recognize their own reflections.
Dolphins appear in ecosystems.
Dolphins appear in Greek mythology.
Dolphins appear in habitats.
Dolphins appear in oceans.
Dolphins appear in sea.
Dolphins appear in water.
Dolphins appear on Celtic funeral urns, representing the soul passing to another world.
Dolphins appear to communicate with each other using an assortment of squeaks, whistles, and clicks.
Dolphins are a common sight in Tasmanian waters.
Dolphins are a daily sight.
Dolphins are a familiar site.
Dolphins are a protected species.
Dolphins are a very unique animal.
Dolphins are a widely distributed and diverse group of fully aquatic marine mammals.
Dolphins are able to dive to great depths, and also leap to great heights.
Dolphins are able to make very tight turns while swimming at high speeds.
Dolphins are about the only fish that can survive in that kind of weather.
Dolphins are active predators and eat a wide variety of fishes, squids, crustaceans such as shrimps.
Dolphins are air-breathing mammals.
Dolphins are almost purely acoustic.
Dolphins are alongside, flashing in and out of the glassy seas.
Dolphins are also abundant in the bay and can often be seen interacting with the whales.
Dolphins are also be capable of slowing down the systems of their body, such as their heart rate.
Dolphins are also frequent visitors.
Dolphins are also good if one wants to illustrate how evil a great evil empire is.
Dolphins are also great in the water.
Dolphins are also locally abundant but are also unpredictable in location.
Dolphins are also members of the whale family.
Dolphins are also more talkative than porpoises.
Dolphins are also small toothed whales.
Dolphins are amazing creatures.
Dolphins are among the most lethal animals in the ocean.
Dolphins are among the smartest of the animal kingdom, partly because they live such social lives.
Dolphins are an aquatic mammal closely related to whales and porpoises.
Dolphins are an example of tertiary consumers.
Dolphins are animals.
Dolphins are ans.
Dolphins are aquatic experts and eager to help.
Dolphins are available for custom-made submarine hats.
Dolphins are back.
Dolphins are beautiful but fierce .
Dolphins are beautiful but fierce.
Dolphins are by far more prevalent than porpoises.
Dolphins are by far one of the most intelligent animals on the planet earth.
Dolphins are capable of remarkable feats of aquabatics.
Dolphins are capable of swims.
Dolphins are carnivores.
Dolphins are certainly an enigma, and they are intelligent and self-aware.
Dolphins are certainly intelligent .
Dolphins are cetaceans, members of the same family as whales.
Dolphins are cetaceans, members of the whale family.
Dolphins are common companions of any boat ride here.
Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year .
Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year.
Dolphins are common, as are big shoals of bonito and frigate mackerel.
Dolphins are conscious breathers.
Dolphins are creatures of the surface.
Dolphins are cute.
Dolphins are definitely feminine symbols.
Dolphins are definitely smart but there is much debate over intelligence tests.
Dolphins are even nastier.
Dolphins are evolved from ancestors.
Dolphins are excellent divers.
Dolphins are exceptionally friendly, playful and intelligent creatures.
Dolphins are extraordinary creatures.
Dolphins are extremely friendly and intelligent animals.
Dolphins are extremely intuitive and constantly tuned in to employees needs and desires.
Dolphins are extremely intuitive and constantly tuned in to employees' needs and desires.
Dolphins are extremely smart and easily learned.
Dolphins are fast swimmers.
Dolphins are fed and tamed in the same manner as horses.
Dolphins are fish.
Dolphins are fishlike in form, with streamlined, hairless bodies.
Dolphins are forever popular.
Dolphins are found living in bodies of water around the world.
Dolphins are free ranging, social, intelligent, acoustical, and highly complex wild creatures.
Dolphins are free.
Dolphins are free-living creatures used to travelling many tens of kilometres a day.
Dolphins are frequent by-catch in the tuna fishery.
Dolphins are friendly, playful, and most of all, very smart.
Dolphins are friends of man, but deadly enemies of aggressors and attack only when provoked.
Dolphins are gentle, loving beings, very peaceful, playful and full of healing energy.
Dolphins are great animals because they are so friendly.
Dolphins are great.
Dolphins are grey above and white below.
Dolphins are here all the time.
Dolphins are highly intelligent and as different from one another as they are from humans.
Dolphins are highly intelligent animals with complex social structures.
Dolphins are highly intelligent creatures because of their apparently complex communication systems.
Dolphins are highly opportunistic, always calculating who is a friend and who is a foe.
Dolphins are highly optimistic people who inspire others to excel in the workplace.
Dolphins are highly personable and extremely intelligent creatures.
Dolphins are highly social animals, but it s their own kind with whom they most want to associate.
Dolphins are incredibly graceful and efficient swimmers.
Dolphins are indeed amazing people, the humans of the sea.
Dolphins are indiscriminately amorous.
Dolphins are inside oceans.
Dolphins are inside water.
Dolphins are intelligent and curious creatures.
Dolphins are intelligent animals and are very graceful and Beautiful.
Dolphins are intelligent animals and dolphins are known to save people from shark attacks.
Dolphins are interested in all elements of their environment.
Dolphins are large brained, sociable, air breathing mammals who nurse their young.
Dolphins are large, strong animals, perfectly adapted to the conditions of the open ocean.
Dolphins are large, warm blooded, air-breathing mammals.
Dolphins are like kids.
Dolphins are limited to vampires.
Dolphins are located in ecosystems.
Dolphins are located in oceans.
Dolphins are located in sea.
Dolphins are located in water.
Dolphins are mainly carnivorous in nature, and feed on fish and squid.
Dolphins are mammals and as such are warm-blooded and bear live young, which they suckle.
Dolphins are mammals that are excellent swimmers.
Dolphins are mammals that live in the sea and have an extremely large brain.
Dolphins are mammals, like people.
Dolphins are mammals.
Dolphins are mammals.
Dolphins are marine mammals closely related to whales and porpoises.
Dolphins are marine mammals known as cetaceans and are related to whales and porpoises .
Dolphins are marine mammals that are closely related to whales.
Dolphins are marine mammals.
Dolphins are member of families.
Dolphins are members of a group of mammals called cetaceans.
Dolphins are members of the cetacean family, which also includes whales and porpoises.
Dolphins are mentioned far more often than whales.
Dolphins are more similar to other mammals than they are to other classifications of animals.
Dolphins are much easier to spot from a distance than tuna, since they regularly breathe.
Dolphins are much larger animals, on average, than humans.
Dolphins are nice and playful and friendly, they chase sharks away.
Dolphins are occasional visitors.
Dolphins are often a good example of toothed whales that hunt together.
Dolphins are often a part of the scenery as well.
Dolphins are often curious about and attracted to children.
Dolphins are one of the best indicators of the clean sea.
Dolphins are one of the most intelligent mammals.
Dolphins are one such animal.
Dolphins are our friends.
Dolphins are playful creatures.
Dolphins are poetic.
Dolphins are poetry in motion.
Dolphins are predators and eat a wide variety of fishes, squids and crustaceans.
Dolphins are predators of fish and spend up to half of their time in the wild hunting for food.
Dolphins are predators which feed on live food, except when trained to do otherwise in captivity.
Dolphins are related to porpoises.
Dolphins are safe, respectful, responsible, and kind.
Dolphins are small whales, and dolphins are very ancient creatures.
Dolphins are small whales.
Dolphins are smart.
Dolphins are so dumb.
Dolphins are so highly intelligent.
Dolphins are sociable and cooperative.
Dolphins are sociable, and dolphins are very protective of their families and young.
Dolphins are sociable, friendly, and very intelligent.
Dolphins are social creatures that travel in large schools.
Dolphins are software.
Dolphins are some of the happiest animals in the ocean, the book explains.
Dolphins are Sporadic.
Dolphins are still abundant and as fall approaches the yellowfin tuna reappear.
Dolphins are stupid.
Dolphins are superfast.
Dolphins are the acrobatic animals.
Dolphins are the aquatic equivalent of an advanced terrestrial culture.
Dolphins are the close relatives of whales and propoises.
Dolphins are the friendliest mammals in the sea.
Dolphins are the most controlled of any species in human care.
Dolphins are the most gentle and intelligent mammals next to humans.
Dolphins are the most graceful and beautiful creatures in the world.
Dolphins are the most majestic mammals in the sea.
Dolphins are the only mammals that are born tail first.
Dolphins are the same way.
Dolphins are the symbol of qualification worn by submarine personnel.
Dolphins are the traditional symbols of submariners worldwide.
Dolphins are the ultimate symbol of trust.
Dolphins are toothed whales.
Dolphins are usually black above and white underneath.
Dolphins are usually gray.
Dolphins are very beautiful creatures.
Dolphins are very clever.
Dolphins are very fast swimmers.
Dolphins are very intelligent animals but are also very curious.
Dolphins are very intelligent, highly emotional and expressive creatures.
Dolphins are very intelligent, some have bigger brains than humans.
Dolphins are very limited in their equipment.
Dolphins are very much in harmony with nature.
Dolphins are very playful and they like to swim near boats riding in the wave that the boat makes.
Dolphins are very playful by nature.
Dolphins are very playful, curious creatures.
Dolphins are very protective of their young.
Dolphins are very skillful in the water and often play around ships.
Dolphins are very smart and learn tricks easily.
Dolphins are very smart but also very curious.
Dolphins are very smart mammals that can learn and imitate behaviors.
Dolphins are very sociable animals that generally live in groups.
Dolphins are very social animals.
Dolphins are very social both within their pods of dolphins and often with humans too.
Dolphins are visible by day and coyotes heard by night.
Dolphins are warm blooded mammels that live in water.
Dolphins are whales.
Dolphins are wise.
Dolphins are wonderful creatures enjoyed by everyone.
Dolphins attack by ramming like a bull.
Dolphins attract people.
Dolphins attract tourists.
Dolphins avoid people.
Dolphins belong in the ocean.
Dolphins belong to a group of mammals called cetaceans .
Dolphins belong to a group of mammals called cetaceans.
Dolphins belong to the order of whales.
Dolphins belong to the same zoological order as whales.
Dolphins blow up in last three innings to down Bears.
Dolphins born in facilities consider where they are as home.
Dolphins breach the air in a majestic arch.
Dolphins breathe air through a single blowhole.
Dolphins breathe air through a single, dorsal blowhole.
Dolphins breathe air.
Dolphins breathe through their blowhole located at the top of their head.
Dolphins breed throughout the year, but certain seasons have been found in different places.
Dolphins bruise easily.
Dolphins can also combine their sonar with their vision.
Dolphins can also detect the fishing net and jump over it in time.
Dolphins can also slow down their heart rate, so they use their oxygen supply slowly.
Dolphins can attack and kill a shark or a whale.
Dolphins can be any combination of black, white, light grey, blue-grey, yellow, tan, and even pink.
Dolphins can be fascinating animals to observe, both in the ocean and in a zoological setting.
Dolphins can become aggressive and do bite.
Dolphins can become trapped in the nets and drown.
Dolphins can do lots of trikes.
Dolphins can do one long whistle or one short choppy whistle.
Dolphins can end their lives early by stranding themselves on a beach.
Dolphins can enter playoffs with a win or tie.
Dolphins can float freely or can be hooked together.
Dolphins can hear a sound underwater .
Dolphins can hear a sound underwater.
Dolphins can hold their breath for five to eight minutes.
Dolphins can hold their breath for up to ten minutes.
Dolphins can hold their breath for. . .
Dolphins can kill sharks.
Dolphins can learn to perform certain actions.
Dolphins can live in an upwards of fifty years.
Dolphins can make sounds to see what lies ahead.
Dolphins can open gates just like humans can.
Dolphins can perform quite complex tasks.
Dolphins can play with a whole range of frequencies in each click.
Dolphins can produce sounds that are way too high for humans to ear.
Dolphins can ram creatures, causing Poor damage.
Dolphins can recognise their own reflections.
Dolphins can remove Squids from ships and they're deadly in numbers.
Dolphins can see quite well both in and out of the water.
Dolphins can see what is happening with their sense of hearing.
Dolphins can sleep with one eye open.
Dolphins can suffer from frostbite and even pneumonia.
Dolphins can swim fast.
Dolphins can swim that far.
Dolphins can visually discriminate between shapes in controlled tests.
Dolphins can vocalise many sounds.
Dolphins catch fish.
Dolphins cavort in the bay during all seasons.
Dolphins chase food.
Dolphins chase prey.
Dolphins chase the ship's prow.
Dolphins chase tuna.
Dolphins chase vessels.
Dolphins churn through copses.
Dolphins clap their jaws or turn around with their mouths open as a threat.
Dolphins click Help build the best animal-related directory on the web.
Dolphins come and take over for a while.
Dolphins come in many different colors like gray, pink, white, and, black.
Dolphins come in very close to the boat.
Dolphins come to play near Firefly s bow.
Dolphins come up and splash our boats.
Dolphins communicate by breaching too.
Dolphins communicate by making two types of sounds.
Dolphins communicate by means of high-pitched whistles and clicks which create sound waves.
Dolphins communicate through a mix of sound, body movements, and postures.
Dolphins communicate via a very wide frequency range.
Dolphins communicate with a variety of high-pitched squeaks, squeals and clicking sounds.
Dolphins communicate with body language, distance, and depth.
Dolphins communicate with body language, distance, depth and telepathy.
Dolphins communicate with eachother by whistling or body language.
Dolphins communicate with eachother through a system of sounds.
Dolphins communicate with one another in a variety of ways.
Dolphins communicate with one another through echolocation.
Dolphins communicate with one another using sound, body language and visual signals.
Dolphins communicate with their own language in the form of whistles.
Dolphins complicate everything.
Dolphins conserve energy.
Dolphins consume prey.
Dolphins continue to be netted while fishermen are in pursuit of smaller tuna.
Dolphins continue winter behavior.
Dolphins cross bays.
Dolphins dash and splash.
Dolphins deposit most of their body fat into a thick layer of blubber.
Dolphins develop lungs.
Dolphins develop strategies.
Dolphins develop their own unique signature whistle in the first few months of their life.
Dolphins die from eating plastics and get tangled up in discarded fishing line, ropes and nets.
Dolphins die from many kinds of natural diseases.
Dolphins die of causes.
Dolphins die of unknown causes.
Dolphins do back flips and dolphins always play basketball.
Dolphins do bite humans when they ignore signals of agitation.
Dolphins do come to play, against the wake that follows.
Dolphins do have a large brain and are superbly adapted to their environment.
Dolphins do have a very refined sense of touch, and the skin everywhere is sensitive to stimulation.
Dolphins do reconcile.
Dolphins do the same and are caught by their teeth and fins and drown.
Dolphins do tricks.
Dolphins don t dump chemicals into the water.
Dolphins dove gayly.
Dolphins eat almost any kind of fish.
Dolphins eat fish and squid.
Dolphins eat fish, squid and crustaceans like shrimp.
Dolphins eat fish, squid and other animals small enough to fit in their mouths.
Dolphins eat fish, squid, and crustaceans.
Dolphins eat fish.
Dolphins eat food.
Dolphins eat freshwater fish.
Dolphins eat little fish all the time.
Dolphins eat mainly fish, but a few eat squid, shrimp, and other small marine life.
Dolphins eat mostly fish and squid .
Dolphins eat mostly fish and squid.
Dolphins eat prey.
Dolphins eat shrimp.
Dolphins eat small fish.
Dolphins echo to find their food and the fish.
Dolphins elicit extreme emotional responses in people.
Dolphins emit a series of pulsed and unpulsed calls.
Dolphins emit clicks and whistles.
Dolphins emit either clicking sounds or whistles almost constantly.
Dolphins emit sound.
Dolphins encode the five symbols in a story.
Dolphins encounter sharks.
Dolphins encounter whales.
Dolphins engage in behaviour.
Dolphins enter oceans.
Dolphins enter water.
Dolphins exhibit behaviour.
Dolphins exhibit complex behaviour.
Dolphins exhibit social behaviour.
Dolphins expend enormous amounts of energy to avoid capture in tuna nets.
Dolphins feature flippers.
Dolphins feed in bays.
Dolphins feed in ecosystems.
Dolphins feed in groups.
Dolphins feed in water.
Dolphins feed mostly on fish.
Dolphins feed mostly on fishes but some also take shellfish.
Dolphins feed on fish and squid.
Dolphins feed on fish.
Dolphins feed on water fish.
Dolphins fill the oceans around Florida.
Dolphins frequent the bay regularly and whales come to mate and calve in season.
Dolphins frequent the eastern shores.
Dolphins frequent the nearby bay with a secluded black sand beach and palm trees.
Dolphins get air.
Dolphins get all of their fresh water from the fish they eat.
Dolphins get food.
Dolphins go into water.
Dolphins go to bays.
Dolphins grab the imaginations of many people.
Dolphins grant emotional healing, wisdom and clarity of reason.
Dolphins greet each other with individual whistle signatures.
Dolphins has-part bellies.
Dolphins has-part cortexes.
Dolphins has-part fins.
Dolphins has-part jaws.
Dolphins has-part lungs.
Dolphins has-part muscles.
Dolphins has-part skin.
Dolphins has-part snouts.
Dolphins has-part stomachs.
Dolphins has-part tails.
Dolphins has-part teeth.
Dolphins have (part) brains.
Dolphins have (part) breasts.
Dolphins have (part) cell membranes.
Dolphins have (part) cells.
Dolphins have (part) chest cavities.
Dolphins have (part) chests.
Dolphins have (part) corpi.
Dolphins have (part) cytoplasm.
Dolphins have (part) ears.
Dolphins have (part) faces.
Dolphins have (part) flippers.
Dolphins have (part) heads.
Dolphins have (part) nuclei.
Dolphins have (part) pedal extremities.
Dolphins have (part) piluses.
Dolphins have (part) plasma membranes.
Dolphins have (part) rib cages.
Dolphins have (part) sections.
Dolphins have (part) skulls.
Dolphins have (part) sterna.
Dolphins have (part) vacuoles.
Dolphins have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dolphins have a beak-like nose and sharp teeth to eat fish and other foods.
Dolphins have a beaklike snout and cone-shaped teeth.
Dolphins have a blowhole that allows the mammal to take in air at the surface.
Dolphins have a close parental relationship with their offspring, providing care through maturation.
Dolphins have a complex echolocation system that they use in hunting.
Dolphins have a curious arcing motion, diving up and down as they swim.
Dolphins have a defined beak and large, curved dorsal fin.
Dolphins have a fusiform body, adapted for fast swimming.
Dolphins have a high caloric demand because of their high rate of metabolism.
Dolphins have a highly developed sense of hearing.
Dolphins have a language.
Dolphins have a lean sleek body, whereas porpoises often appear chubby.
Dolphins have a lot to teach humans.
Dolphins have a pointed beak, conical teeth, and are generally much larger.
Dolphins have a prominent place across many cultures in stories and legends.
Dolphins have a single blowhole through which they breathe at the surface once or twice a minute.
Dolphins have a strange power to open our hearts and generate peaceful feelings.
Dolphins have a very alien cognition and perception, a different memory mechanism.
Dolphins have a very sociable life and are very intelligent.
Dolphins have a well-developed biosonar system.
Dolphins have a well-developed, acute sense of hearing.
Dolphins have acute eyesights.
Dolphins have acute vision both in and out of the water.
Dolphins have an additional sense called echolocation.
Dolphins have an astonishing sonar capability.
Dolphins have an greatly enlarged inner ear cavity due to the diverse movements they are capable of.
Dolphins have an incredible ability to trigger the healing process in humans.
Dolphins have beaklike snouts and remarkable intelligence.
Dolphins have bigger brains than humans.
Dolphins have blubber.
Dolphins have body shapes.
Dolphins have brains.
Dolphins have capability.
Dolphins have chances.
Dolphins have characteristics.
Dolphins have concern.
Dolphins have culture.
Dolphins have develop sensory organs.
Dolphins have diaphragms.
Dolphins have diets.
Dolphins have dorsal fins.
Dolphins have ears, but they hear through their jaws.
Dolphins have echolocation.
Dolphins have excellent eye sight both above and below the water's surface.
Dolphins have eye muscles.
Dolphins have eyesights.
Dolphins have fairly large brains.
Dolphins have features.
Dolphins have few predators to begin with.
Dolphins have fins.
Dolphins have flippers.
Dolphins have functions.
Dolphins have good eyesight and excellent hearing.
Dolphins have good eyesight both in the air and in the water.
Dolphins have good eyesight, too, but sonar obviously has some advantages over vision.
Dolphins have good vision in and out of the water.
Dolphins have good vision in light above and under water.
Dolphins have great learning ability and are popular performers in aquariums.
Dolphins have jaws.
Dolphins have keen eyesight, acute hearing and a well developed taste sense.
Dolphins have keen eyesight, with good vision above and below the water.
Dolphins have large brains and an empathy for humans.
Dolphins have lifespans.
Dolphins have lungs, just like the land mammals, which they use to breath air.
Dolphins have many features.
Dolphins have memory.
Dolphins have multiple sexual partners during a mating season.
Dolphins have muscles.
Dolphins have neck vertebrae.
Dolphins have no sense of smell.
Dolphins have one baby at a time.
Dolphins have organs.
Dolphins have outstanding vision in and out of the water.
Dolphins have own culture.
Dolphins have principal functions.
Dolphins have reasonable eyesight .
Dolphins have reasonable eyesight.
Dolphins have senses.
Dolphins have sensory organs.
Dolphins have several thermoregulatory strategies to retain or release heat.
Dolphins have shape teeth.
Dolphins have shapes.
Dolphins have sharp teeth.
Dolphins have sides.
Dolphins have similar characteristics.
Dolphins have societies and wage wars, Elephants grieve for, and bury their own dead.
Dolphins have some of the latest and most variable weaning ages for any mammal.
Dolphins have some unique behaviors and reflexes.
Dolphins have streamline body shapes.
Dolphins have streamline shapes.
Dolphins have strong muscles.
Dolphins have teeth, with the number varying from species to species.
Dolphins have teeth.
Dolphins have teeth.
Dolphins have the best sense of hearing amongst all the animals.
Dolphins have their physical conditioning grossly changed once they are captured.
Dolphins have tiny external ear openings, which are barely visible, just behind the eyes.
Dolphins have to be conscious to breath.
Dolphins have twice as many folds as humans.
Dolphins have two different feeding behaviors where they feed on a variety of small fish and squid.
Dolphins have vary diets.
Dolphins have vertebrae.
Dolphins have very sensitive skin, which is easily damaged but also heals quickly.
Dolphins have very sensitive skin.
Dolphins have voluntary control over the use of their sonar.
Dolphins have year lifespans.
Dolphins have years.
Dolphins hear sound.
Dolphins help each other.
Dolphins Here is the perfect choice for dolphin-lovers.
Dolphins hold breaths.
Dolphins hold underwater breaths.
Dolphins however show no such signs of fear.
Dolphins hunt fish.
Dolphins hunt for food.
Dolphins hunt together to find food.
Dolphins inhabit sea.
Dolphins inhabit several large rivers of southern Asia.
Dolphins inhabit temperate sea.
Dolphins interact with humans.
Dolphins intuitively access information as a whole.
Dolphins jump out of the water to conserve energy.
Dolphins jumping in the wake of the boat is a favorite attraction.
Dolphins Keep checking back.
Dolphins learn to discriminate between different signals.
Dolphins like to make the decisions.
Dolphins like to play.
Dolphins like to win.
Dolphins live all over the ocean in different places.
Dolphins live all over the world, from tropical to arctic waters.
Dolphins live along coasts.
Dolphins live along tropical coasts.
Dolphins live and are found in every ocean in the world.
Dolphins live and travel in groups called pods, often family groups.
Dolphins live and travel in groups, called shoals.
Dolphins live for over years.
Dolphins live for years.
Dolphins live in all oceans of the world.
Dolphins live in all oceans.
Dolphins live in cold water.
Dolphins live in communities.
Dolphins live in diverse climates and in both marine and freshwater biomes.
Dolphins live in environments.
Dolphins live in groups called pods.
Dolphins live in groups of different sizes.
Dolphins live in groups referred to as pods.
Dolphins live in groups several hundred in the group is most common.
Dolphins live in groups.
Dolphins live in groups.
Dolphins live in habitats.
Dolphins live in large groups and show little fear of humans.
Dolphins live in ocean water.
Dolphins live in oceans.
Dolphins live in pods, a lot like families.
Dolphins live in regions.
Dolphins live in rivers, lake, oceans.
Dolphins live in saltwaters.
Dolphins live in sea.
Dolphins live in shallow water.
Dolphins live in social groups of five to several hundred.
Dolphins live in temperate and tropical waters worldwide.
Dolphins live in the sea and they eat fish.
Dolphins live in tropical water.
Dolphins live in warm ocean water.
Dolphins live in warm water.
Dolphins live in water.
Dolphins live in world of sound.
Dolphins live up to years.
Dolphins look like fish with long noses.
Dolphins love food.
Dolphins love people.
Dolphins love to ride a boat's bow-wave.
Dolphins love water.
Dolphins love waves.
Dolphins mainly swallow their prey whole.
Dolphins maintain body shapes.
Dolphins maintain shapes.
Dolphins maintain streamline body shapes.
Dolphins maintain streamline shapes.
Dolphins make noises called echolocation , and vocalization from out of thier blowhole.
Dolphins make so many different sounds that it is possible that they have their own language.
Dolphins make sound.
Dolphins make use of their unique whistle to communicate with their infant.
Dolphins make whistling sounds through their blowholes to communicate with one another underwater.
Dolphins mate in the spring, with the females producing a single calf during the following spring.
Dolphins mostly consume fish and squid.
Dolphins move tails.
Dolphins navigate by echolocation.
Dolphins navigate the Earth's waterways, without maps, clothing, or suitcases.
Dolphins need oxygen.
Dolphins never sleep.
Dolphins now join chimps and even some birds as tool users.
Dolphins occasionally come in for a bow ride - paddle.
Dolphins occupy the entire starboard side.
Dolphins occur in sea.
Dolphins occur in water.
Dolphins operate underwater by using compression waves with high frequencies.
Dolphins perform analogous task to pigeons.
Dolphins pick up sound.
Dolphins play along shore, loggerhead turles nest, and there are shorebirds everywhere.
Dolphins play alongside the boat.
Dolphins play in oceans.
Dolphins play in sea.
Dolphins play in the bay.
Dolphins play in the sea.
Dolphins play in the. organic kona coffee .
Dolphins play in the.
Dolphins play in water.
Dolphins play in waves.
Dolphins play nearby.
Dolphins play with lots of things, including seaweed.
Dolphins play with rings of air bubbles they create.
Dolphins play with their food, with seaweed, with each other, with other animals, and with boats.
Dolphins play, and machines can be programmed to give sophisticated responses to questions.
Dolphins possess . .
Dolphins possess an unusually small bladder which makes liquid waste difficult to store.
Dolphins possess chromosomes.
Dolphins possess lungs.
Dolphins possess motion.
Dolphins possess muscles.
Dolphins possess sex.
Dolphins predominantly feed on mackerel, seals, fishes, cod, herring, and squids.
Dolphins predominantly feed on small fish and squid.
Dolphins prefer water.
Dolphins probably rank among the most intelligent marine mammals.
Dolphins produce a very powerful clicking sound.
Dolphins produce directional clicks in trains.
Dolphins produce high frequency clicks that pass through the melon.
Dolphins produce offspring.
Dolphins produce several sounds including whistling and burst-pulsed sounds.
Dolphins propel themselves forward by moving their flukes up and down.
Dolphins provide some friendly competition for surfers on South Africa's coast.
Dolphins reach maturity.
Dolphins reach sexual maturity.
Dolphins rely on behavioral signals to indicate their willingness to mate.
Dolphins require food.
Dolphins require freedom.
Dolphins respond to sharks with tolerance, avoidance, and aggression.
Dolphins return to coasts.
Dolphins ride waves.
Dolphins romp off shore.
Dolphins romp offshore.
Dolphins run winning streak to five.
Dolphins runnin' the internet.
Dolphins sadly suffer a similar fate.
Dolphins search for prey.
Dolphins seem to awaken the emotional center.
Dolphins seem to have a healing touch.
Dolphins seem to trigger the healing process in humans.
Dolphins seem unusually happy.
Dolphins send out sounds and listen for echoes, just like bats do.
Dolphins sense when a woman is about to give birth and gather round.
Dolphins show behaviour.
Dolphins show clear tendencies.
Dolphins show cooperative behaviors.
Dolphins show movement.
Dolphins show preference.
Dolphins show remarkable instances of cooperation.
Dolphins show seasonal movement.
Dolphins show social behaviour.
Dolphins show tendencies.
Dolphins sleep at night just below the surface of the water.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Dolphins sleep with one half of their brain at a time.
Dolphins sleep with only half of their brain at a time.
Dolphins sleep with only one half of their brain.
Dolphins sparkle in a aquatic ballet.
Dolphins sparkle in an aquatic ballet of frosted glass.
Dolphins spend a large part of the day playing.
Dolphins spend a large part of their day looking for food, or actually feeding.
Dolphins spend all of their lives in an aquatic environment.
Dolphins spend little time on the water's surface.
Dolphins spend most of their day playing.
Dolphins spend their days swimming through the seas looking for food.
Dolphins spend their time in small groups of five to seven individuals.
Dolphins spend very little time searching for their food.
Dolphins sporadically switch their positions within the group when half-asleep swimming.
Dolphins squawk and spit water.
Dolphins stay with mothers.
Dolphins stop by Easdale.
Dolphins survive in environments.
Dolphins survive in the oceans through a number of different means.
Dolphins swallow prey.
Dolphins swallow their food whole and usually eat the prey headfirst.
Dolphins swallow their food whole without chewing it.
Dolphins swim .
Dolphins swim above schools above tuna and get caught.
Dolphins swim around.
Dolphins swim beside several tuna species.
Dolphins swim by moving their flukes up and down.
Dolphins swim fast.
Dolphins swim in environments.
Dolphins swim in formations.
Dolphins swim in groups called pods.
Dolphins swim in groups.
Dolphins swim in habitats.
Dolphins swim in harbors.
Dolphins swim in oceans.
Dolphins swim in sea.
Dolphins swim in the ocean.
Dolphins swim in water.
Dolphins swim in water-filled glass spheres that double as music boxes.
Dolphins swim in. . .
Dolphins swim past daily.
Dolphins swim so very graceful, more graceful than any other mammal in the sea.
Dolphins swim to surfaces.
Dolphins swim with the boats, only inches from the bow.
Dolphins swimming with people Watch some people swimming with dolphins.
Dolphins take short cat-naps, floating just below the surface, then slowly rising to breathe.
Dolphins take the scrunch when a ship comes into the dock a little too fast.
Dolphins talk and communicate to each other by clicks or whistles.
Dolphins tend to be disorganized individuals who find it difficult to prioritize their work.
Dolphins tend to like areas that have warmer temperatures too.
Dolphins tend to live in pods, or groups, of up to a dozen individuals.
Dolphins thrive best unfettered.
Dolphins thrive in oceans.
Dolphins to adapt to environments.
Dolphins transmit sonars.
Dolphins transmit sound.
Dolphins travel hundreds of miles, hunting the fish that they eat.
Dolphins typically travel in much larger groups and are far more likely to go bow-riding.
Dolphins use aggressive techniques.
Dolphins use clicking noises in echolocation, which bounce off objects underwater.
Dolphins use echolocation to find food.
Dolphins use echolocation to find their food .
Dolphins use echolocation to find their food.
Dolphins use echolocation to find their prey.
Dolphins use echolocation to pinpoint hiding fishes under the sand.
Dolphins use echolocation.
Dolphins use fins.
Dolphins use flippers.
Dolphins use frequencies ten thousand times as great to locate prey.
Dolphins use frequency echolocation.
Dolphins use high frequency echolocation.
Dolphins use hunt techniques.
Dolphins use sex as an integral part of their complex social webs.
Dolphins use sound or echolocation to locate food.
Dolphins use sound.
Dolphins use tails.
Dolphins use techniques.
Dolphins use their flippers to make sharp turns and sudden stops.
Dolphins use their pectoral flippers mainly to steer and, with the help of the flukes, to stop.
Dolphins use their powerful tail flukes in an up and down motion to move through the water.
Dolphins use their powerful tail flukes in an up and down motion to move through water.
Dolphins use their teeth only to grab the fish.
Dolphins use their teeth to chew the fish before swallowing.
Dolphins use whistles to maintain contact within their pod or when meeting other pods of dolphins.
Dolphins vary in color.
Dolphins visit the area regularly.
Dolphins visit the divers regularly during the working dives.
Dolphins vocalize in a range audible to the human ear.
Dolphins weigh kgs.
Dolphins wheel playfully.
Dolphins whistle a signature tune.
Dolphins win .
Dolphins work together as a social unit.
Dolphins always have access to oxygen.
Dolphins frequently act coopera tively and also appear to display altruistic behaviour.
Dolphins frequently come into sight to the happiness of our guest's.
Dolphins frequently live in coastal waters.
Dolphins frequently ride on the bow waves or the stern wakes of boats.
Dolphins frequently ride the bow wake or the stern wake of boats.
Dolphins frequently visit the area.
Dolphins often flex their body at the water surface and swim on their sides during feeding.
Dolphins often follow ships.
Dolphins often leap above the water surface, sometimes performing acrobatic figures.
Dolphins often look ungainly when out of water, although they are poetry in motion when they swim.
Dolphins often prey on ill or old fish.
Dolphins often rejoin a group later, often with different family members or friends.
Dolphins often swim alongside the boat.
Dolphins often tag along with the boat jumping and spinning to the passengers delight.
Dolphins often travel and feed in pods of several individuals.
Dolphins sometimes breach alongside and swim in the bow wave to the constant delight of all.
Dolphins sometimes fall prey to large species of sharks.
Dolphins sometimes use their backs or flippers to keep an ill or injured dolphin near the surface.
Dolphins usually have a large forehead.
Dolphins usually have beaks and more noticeable dorsal fins.
Dolphins usually hunt during the day.
Dolphins usually kill sharks.
Dolphins usually use higher frequencies which limits the distance.
All dolphins are carnivores , or meat eaters.
All dolphins are highly social, but have no manipulators and hence no technology.
All dolphins are mammals and all mammals breathe air.
All dolphins belong to the scientific order cetacea, which comprises both whales and dolphins.
All dolphins have echolocation.
All dolphins have two flippers and a tail fin.
All dolphins swallow their food whole or in large chunks.
Every dolphin is intelligent.
Many dolphins are playful and social, sometimes swimming with humans.
Many dolphins become trapped and drown in tuna nets every year.
Many dolphins carry shark scars that prove otherwise.
Many dolphins have a homerange, an area where they tend to stay.
Many dolphins have lesions on their skin, mouth, joints, or lungs.
More dolphins pass nearby d.
Most dolphins adapt to aquatic life.
Most dolphins adapt to life.
Most dolphins also have a dorsal fin on their backs.
Most dolphins appear in ecosystems.
Most dolphins appear in habitats.
Most dolphins appear in oceans.
Most dolphins appear in sea.
Most dolphins appear in water.
Most dolphins are evolved from ancestors.
Most dolphins are inside oceans.
Most dolphins are inside water.
Most dolphins are killed by other dolphins instead of predators.
Most dolphins are located in ecosystems.
Most dolphins are located in water.
Most dolphins are member of families.
Most dolphins are more or less black above and whitish underneath.
Most dolphins are social animals, often living in groups of several hundred.
Most dolphins attract people.
Most dolphins attract tourists.
Most dolphins avoid people.
Most dolphins conserve energy.
Most dolphins cross bays.
Most dolphins develop lungs.
Most dolphins develop strategies.
Most dolphins die from foreign object being thrown into the ocean.
Most dolphins die of causes.
Most dolphins die of unknown causes.
Most dolphins do tricks.
Most Dolphins do well in Captivity.
Most dolphins eat fish.
Most dolphins eat food.
Most dolphins eat freshwater fish.
Most dolphins eat prey.
Most dolphins eat shrimp.
Most dolphins eat small fish.
Most dolphins emit sound.
Most dolphins engage in behaviour.
Most dolphins enter oceans.
Most dolphins enter water.
Most dolphins exhibit behaviour.
Most dolphins exhibit complex behaviour.
Most dolphins exhibit social behaviour.
Most dolphins feature flippers.
Most dolphins feed in bays.
Most dolphins feed in ecosystems.
Most dolphins feed in groups.
Most dolphins feed in water.
Most dolphins feed on fish.
Most dolphins feed on water fish.
Most dolphins get air.
Most dolphins get food.
Most dolphins get in a big ball and mill around.
Most dolphins go into water.
Most dolphins go to bays.
Most dolphins has-part bellies.
Most dolphins has-part cortexes.
Most dolphins has-part fins.
Most dolphins has-part jaws.
Most dolphins has-part lungs.
Most dolphins has-part muscles.
Most dolphins has-part skin.
Most dolphins has-part snouts.
Most dolphins has-part stomachs.
Most dolphins has-part tails.
Most dolphins has-part teeth.
Most dolphins have a curved dorsal fin.
Most dolphins have acute eyesights.
Most dolphins have blubber.
Most dolphins have body shapes.
Most dolphins have brains.
Most dolphins have capability.
Most dolphins have chances.
Most dolphins have characteristics.
Most dolphins have concern.
Most dolphins have culture.
Most dolphins have develop sensory organs.
Most dolphins have diets.
Most dolphins have echolocation.
Most dolphins have eye muscles.
Most dolphins have eyesights.
Most dolphins have features.
Most dolphins have fins.
Most dolphins have flippers.
Most dolphins have functions.
Most dolphins have jaws.
Most dolphins have lifespans.
Most dolphins have many features.
Most dolphins have memory.
Most dolphins have muscles.
Most dolphins have neck vertebrae that are fused together, limiting their range of motion.
Most dolphins have neck vertebrae.
Most dolphins have organs.
Most dolphins have own culture.
Most dolphins have principal functions.
Most dolphins have senses.
Most dolphins have sensory organs.
Most dolphins have shape teeth.
Most dolphins have shapes.
Most dolphins have sharp teeth.
Most dolphins have sides.
Most dolphins have similar characteristics.
Most dolphins have strong muscles.
Most dolphins have teeth.
Most dolphins have their young during the warm months of the year.
Most dolphins have their young in the warm months of the year.
Most dolphins have vertebrae.
Most dolphins have year lifespans.
Most dolphins have years.
Most dolphins hear sound.
Most dolphins hold breaths.
Most dolphins hold underwater breaths.
Most dolphins inhabit sea.
Most dolphins inhabit temperate sea.
Most dolphins interact with humans.
Most dolphins live all over the world in oceans.
Most dolphins live along coasts.
Most dolphins live along tropical coasts.
Most dolphins live for over years.
Most dolphins live for years.
Most dolphins live in cold water.
Most dolphins live in communities.
Most dolphins live in environments.
Most dolphins live in family groups called pods.
Most dolphins live in groups.
Most dolphins live in habitats.
Most dolphins live in ocean water.
Most dolphins live in oceans.
Most dolphins live in regions.
Most dolphins live in salt water.
Most dolphins live in saltwaters.
Most dolphins live in sea.
Most dolphins live in shallow parts of tropical and temperate oceans.
Most dolphins live in shallow water.
Most dolphins live in tropical water.
Most dolphins live in warm ocean water.
Most dolphins live in warm water.
Most dolphins live in water.
Most dolphins live up to years.
Most dolphins love food.
Most dolphins love people.
Most dolphins love waves.
Most dolphins maintain body shapes.
Most dolphins maintain shapes.
Most dolphins maintain streamline body shapes.
Most dolphins maintain streamline shapes.
Most dolphins make sound.
Most dolphins move tails.
Most dolphins occur in sea.
Most dolphins occur in water.
Most dolphins pick up sound.
Most dolphins play in oceans.
Most dolphins play in sea.
Most dolphins play in water.
Most dolphins play in waves.
Most dolphins possess chromosomes.
Most dolphins possess lungs.
Most dolphins possess motion.
Most dolphins possess muscles.
Most dolphins possess sex.
Most dolphins prefer water.
Most dolphins produce offspring.
Most dolphins reach maturity.
Most dolphins reach sexual maturity.
Most dolphins require food.
Most dolphins require freedom.
Most dolphins return to coasts.
Most dolphins ride waves.
Most dolphins show behaviour.
Most dolphins show clear tendencies.
Most dolphins show movement.
Most dolphins show preference.
Most dolphins show seasonal movement.
Most dolphins show social behaviour.
Most dolphins show tendencies.
Most dolphins stay with mothers.
Most dolphins survive in environments.
Most dolphins swim in environments.
Most dolphins swim in formations.
Most dolphins swim in groups.
Most dolphins swim in habitats.
Most dolphins swim in harbors.
Most dolphins swim in large pods.
Most dolphins swim in oceans.
Most dolphins swim in sea.
Most dolphins swim in water.
Most dolphins swim much slower.
Most dolphins swim to surfaces.
Most dolphins thrive in oceans.
Most dolphins transmit sonars.
Most dolphins transmit sound.
Most dolphins use aggressive techniques.
Most dolphins use echolocation.
Most dolphins use fins.
Most dolphins use flippers.
Most dolphins use frequency echolocation.
Most dolphins use high frequency echolocation.
Most dolphins use hunt techniques.
Most dolphins use sound.
Most dolphins use tails.
Most dolphins use techniques.
Most dolphins vary in color.
Most dolphins weigh kgs.
Some dolphin are still around.
Some dolphin spend their entire lives in the lagoon.
Some dolphins also eat crustaceans and invertebrates.
Some dolphins are classified as concern.
Some dolphins are classified as ungulates.
Some dolphins are intelligent.
Some dolphins are solitary.
Some dolphins are struck by boats.
Some dolphins attract animals.
Some dolphins attract prey.
Some dolphins avoid enemies.
Some dolphins become group members.
Some dolphins become members.
Some dolphins become other group members.
Some dolphins become other members.
Some dolphins belong to families.
Some dolphins belong to genus.
Some dolphins belong to separate genus.
Some dolphins catch in net.
Some dolphins cause damage.
Some dolphins cause illnesses.
Some dolphins conserve body heat.
Some dolphins conserve heat.
Some dolphins consume sea creatures.
Some dolphins depend on interaction.
Some dolphins derive from ancestors.
Some dolphins descend from animals.
Some dolphins die after swimming into extremely shallow water and stranding themselves on the shore.
Some dolphins die in sea.
Some dolphins die in transits.
Some dolphins drink milk.
Some dolphins eat fish such as cod, mackerel or herring, while others eat squids.
Some dolphins eat fish.
Some dolphins eat killer whales, seals, sea lions, penguins, and other whales.
Some dolphins eat mullets.
Some dolphins eat squids.
Some dolphins eat tuna.
Some dolphins elongate mouths.
Some dolphins enter bays.
Some dolphins feed at nights.
Some dolphins feed in environments.
Some dolphins feed in habitats.
Some dolphins follow prey.
Some dolphins follow ships.
Some dolphins get energy.
Some dolphins get water.
Some dolphins go to coasts.
Some dolphins has-part tissue.
Some dolphins have air.
Some dolphins have attitude.
Some dolphins have concentration.
Some dolphins have cones.
Some dolphins have corners.
Some dolphins have distribution.
Some dolphins have erections.
Some dolphins have expectancy.
Some dolphins have flexibility.
Some dolphins have great flexibility.
Some dolphins have layers.
Some dolphins have levels.
Some dolphins have life expectancy.
Some dolphins have mates.
Some dolphins have methods.
Some dolphins have patches.
Some dolphins have scratches.
Some dolphins have short beaks.
Some dolphins have spots or stripes.
Some dolphins have surfaces.
Some dolphins have viruses.
Some dolphins have whiskers.
Some dolphins have wide distribution.
Some dolphins hear people.
Some dolphins help people.
Some dolphins help scientists.
Some dolphins kill prey.
Some dolphins learn about interaction.
Some dolphins live in areas.
Some dolphins live in Bahamas.
Some dolphins live in coastal areas.
Some dolphins live in estuaries.
Some dolphins live in fresh water lakes and rivers.
Some dolphins live in fresh water.
Some dolphins live in gulfs.
Some dolphins live in harbors.
Some dolphins live in northern gulfs.
Some dolphins live in parks.
Some dolphins live in really deep water and some dolphins live in more shallow water.
Some dolphins live in rivers but most live in the sea.
Some dolphins live in rivers.
Some dolphins live in sanctuaries.
Some dolphins look like small whales.
Some dolphins love boats.
Some dolphins love offspring.
Some dolphins migrate to rivers.
Some dolphins occupy diverse habitats.
Some dolphins occupy habitats.
Some dolphins occupy ranges.
Some dolphins occur in Australia.
Some dolphins only reside in deep water like the Rough-tooth dolphin.
Some dolphins play in bays.
Some dolphins play in gulfs.
Some dolphins play roles.
Some dolphins pose threats.
Some dolphins possess babies.
Some dolphins possess populations.
Some dolphins possess sonars.
Some dolphins produce sound.
Some dolphins protect animals.
Some dolphins provide food.
Some dolphins provide interaction.
Some dolphins provide meat.
Some dolphins push calves.
Some dolphins reach ages.
Some dolphins stay with parents.
Some dolphins suffer death.
Some dolphins suffer from diseases.
Some dolphins swim in Africa.
Some dolphins swim in bays.
Some dolphins swim in ecosystems.
Some dolphins swim in Hawaii.
Some dolphins swim in pools.
Some dolphins swim in regions.
Some dolphins swim in sanctuaries.
Some dolphins teach their offspring to use tools.
Some dolphins use penises.
Some dolphins use sponges.
Some dolphins wash up on beaches.
Some dolphins wash up on east coast beaches.
Some dolphins wash up on gold coast beaches.
Many dolphinfish have blue, green or black spots.
All dolphins football miss secret nor small, therefore mouth finished that.
Domain analysis is a long-term project.
Domain analysis is a sociological-epistemological standpoint.
Domain analysis is the spearhead for disciplined reuse in software development.
Domain analysis is used to drive code analysis.
Domain analysis works the same way that regular systems analysis does.
Domain components are objects used for data storage and manipulation.
Domain controller is time source - clients ask for time.
Domain controllers are all at the same level.
Domain controllers have a variety of responsibilities.
All domain controllers can now perform directory updates.
All domain controllers have a writable copy of the database.
Any domain controller can act as a fully functional DNS server.
Any domain controller can authenticate domain user requests to member server resources.
Every domain controller contains the configuration, schema, and domain directory partitions.
Domain experts are people.
Domain experts know vastly more than can be put into expert systems.
Domain experts transform information into intelligence that can guide action and decision making.
Domain experts use DGs to communicate, exchange information, and teach.
Domain knowledge is based directly on technical relationships.
Domain knowledge is important for developing problem solving techniques.
Domain knowledge is important.
Domain knowledge is presented in such a way that first the learner knows why to do something.
Domain knowledge is utilized to decide where and how a clustering algorithm is applied.
A domain name is a name
Domain names are a crazy, crazy business.
Domain names are a database transaction, and they ought to be free.
Domain names are a function of the design of the Internet.
Domain names are a funny thing.
Domain names are a hot commodity on the Internet.
Domain names are a hot commodity, and therefore hackers are a real threat.
Domain names are a hot-ticket item right now.
Domain names are a premium commodity.
Domain names are a rapidly diminishing commodity.
Domain names are a registered name only.
Domain names are a valuable asset.
Domain names are actually quite interesting.
Domain names are actually quite variable.
Domain names are alphabetic and easier to remember than numbers.
Domain names are also a great investment.
Domain names are also available with .org, .net and other extensions.
Domain names are also available.
Domain names are also for sale.
Domain names are an abstract intellectual property, they have no fixed price.
Domain names are an easier way of locating computers on the Internet.
Domain names are an important aspect of any web site.
Domain names are an integral part of the Internet addressing.
Domain names are available for bid.
Domain names are available for registration.
Domain names are available on a first come first serve basis.
Domain names are available on a first come-first served basis.
Domain names are case insensitive, and are generally written in all lower or uppercase.
Domain names are case insensitive.
Domain names are concepts.
Domain names are conduits for posting and finding noncommercial and commercial speech.
Domain names are different from trademarks.
Domain names are dynamic.
Domain names are easier to remember than a long address on someone else's server.
Domain names are easy for humans to use.
Domain names are essential to start an Internet presence.
Domain names are examples of 'natural language'.
Domain names are extremely inexpensive.
Domain names are fairly simple.
Domain names are fee based entities.
Domain names are for sale all over.
Domain names are gold in the new economy.
Domain names are identical or strongly similar to an already registered domain name.
Domain names are important corporate assets.
Domain names are in alphabetical order according to the company or organization name.
Domain names are in very high demand.
Domain names are individual addresses for web sites.
Domain names are inexpensive to register.
Domain names are inexpensive.
Domain names are interesting and controversial because they are meaningful.
Domain names are internet addresses.
Domain names are issued on a first come, first serve basis.
Domain names are just family names for computers.
Domain names are just that, nomenclature for areas online.
Domain names are key for finding Web sites and sending e-mail.
Domain names are letter-based masks that cover the numeric face of the Internet.
Domain names are like addresses and phone numbers.
Domain names are like Internet real estate.
Domain names are like real estate .
Domain names are like real estate.
Domain names are like street addresses on the Internet.
Domain names are like the house or apartment addresses, they refer to the actual website.
Domain names are like the title of a book.
Domain names are limited and going fast.
Domain names are much more than an address.
Domain names are names assigned to top-level servers that are registered on the Internet.
Domain names are names used on the Internet for web sites and email.
Domain names are names.
Domain names are no exception.
Domain names are non-refundable.
Domain names are now a common sight in newspapers, magazines and other media.
Domain names are one of the best known and most disputed elements of the internet landscape.
Domain names are one of the biggest things up on the Internet right now.
Domain names are one of the hottest selling hyper-markets of all time.
Domain names are only available for business-level accounts.
Domain names are only one part of the DNS puzzle.
Domain names are portable.
Domain names are presently the coin of the realm on the Internet.
Domain names are probably the single most important strategic element to consider.
Domain names are property, court rules.
Domain names are property.
Domain names are registered on a first come, first serve basis.
Domain names are remarkably easy to register.
Domain names are resellable or transferable commodities.
Domain names are risky and potentially very lucrative investments.
Domain names are simply unique names used to locate computers on the Internet.
Domain names are somewhat different.
Domain names are strictly a human convenience.
Domain names are subject to availability and are renewable yearly.
Domain names are subject to availability.
Domain names are the addresses for networked computers.
Domain names are the addresses of the Internet.
Domain names are the addresses that Internet users type into browsers to reach a Web page.
Domain names are the alphabetic names used to refer to individual computers on the Internet.
Domain names are the first step in a successful Internet business.
Domain names are the human equivalent of post office addresses.
Domain names are the human-friendly form of Internet addresses.
Domain names are the Internet equivalent to a street address in the real world.
Domain names are the key to Internet marketing success.
Domain names are the life blood of the internet.
Domain names are the main web address on the server.
Domain names are the monikers that identify different computers and resources on the Internet.
Domain names are the most effective and least expensive traffic generators for a Website.
Domain names are the ONLY aspect of the Internet controlled by a central authority.
Domain names are the real estate of the net world.
Domain names are the surest high-growth market online.
Domain names are the toll-free phone number names of the nineties.
Domain names are today's gold.
Domain names are transferable if two parties mutually consent.
Domain names are transportable in the event of a switch in host companies.
Domain names are unique electronic addresses that are used to identify e-mail users and websites.
Domain names are unique registrations for each language.
Domain names are unique, and many names are already taken.
Domain names are unique, and they are registered on a first come, first serve basis.
Domain names are unique.
Domain names are usually abbreviations of a type of institution or group.
Domain names are valid for the paid up period.
Domain names are valuable assets, like stocks, bonds, and real estate.
Domain names are valuable commodities.
Domain names are valuable company assets .
Domain names are valuable property.
Domain names are very important.
Domain names are very, very important to the success of the Internet.
Domain names are, like other words and names, intimately tied to freedom of expression.
Domain names become more abscure.
Domain names become more valuable when registered and can become an investment for future resale.
Domain names build credibility on the Web.
Domain names can be almost anything.
Domain names can be an investment.
Domain names can be any kinds of words and combinations of words.
Domain names can be worth even more in non-monetary terms.
Domain names can be worth thousands and thousands of dollars.
Domain names can consist of letters, numbers, or the minus sign '-'.
Domain names can have any number of levels.
Domain names can have as many hierarchical levels as necessary.
Domain names can have one of many extensions, and new extensions are being added regularly.
Domain names can make reference to people, institutions, and events.
Domain names can only consist of letters, numbers and the dash.
Domain names can only contain letters, digits, and dashes.
Domain names can only contain letters, numbers and the hyphen character.
Domain names can only contain numbers, letters and hyphens.
Domain names can only have letters, numbers, and the dash character.
Domain names can only use letters, numbers, and dashes.
Domain names can refer to single computers or, more typically, a group of computers.
Domain names can represent an address or location on the Internet.
Domain names can take between one and three days to be activated.
Domain names can vary in length and have several subcomponents.
Domain names come with different extensions based on whether the domain belongs.
Domain names comprise sets of labels, each of which tells something about the site.
Domain names consist of labels separated by dots.
Domain names consist of several levels.
Domain names consist of two parts, the actual name, and the hierarchy to which it belongs.
Domain names convey ideas and transmit organizational identities.
Domain names create a single identity for a series of computers used by a company or an institution.
Domain names describe the nature of the web site host or the geographic location of the host.
Domain names disappear extremely fast.
Domain names do more than categorize Web sites.
Domain names end with different letters based upon the type of organization they identify.
Domain names end with orgainization codes and sometimes country codes.
Domain names ending in .gov are government sites.
Domain names ending with .edu are educational sites.
Domain names expire regularly due to non-payment, etc.
Domain names fall into several different catagories, otherwise known as top-level domains.
Domain names give a web site a stronger presence on the web.
Domain names have a first and second level.
Domain names have a hierarchical structure.
Domain names have a variety of basic rules.
Domain names have a visible and a hidden advertising value.
Domain names have an unusual place on the Internet.
Domain names have at least two parts, separated by a dot or period.
Domain names have at least two sections separated by dots.
Domain names have levels top level, second level, and so on.
Domain names have no legal force.
Domain names have to be registered with an official domain name registry.
Domain names have two or more parts, seperated by dots.
Domain names have two parts.
Domain names have value.
Domain names help to establish the Internet s points of contact .
Domain names indicate types of organizations.
Domain names make the Internet easier for everyone to use.
Domain names make the Web practical and e-mail easy.
Domain names observe a heirarchy, which descends from right to left.
Domain names offer a global presence on the Internet.
Domain names offer a more intuitive way to name and find a website.
Domain names operate much like phone numbers or street addresses.
Domain names plan and schedule.
Domain names play an integral part of any e-venture.
Domain names provide a better alternative for remembering website addresses.
Domain names provide clues as to the source of the information.
Domain names provide mobility.
Domain names representing issues themselves are also likely to command premium prices.
Domain names seem to have features of both tangible and intangible property.
Domain names serve as a convenient way of locating information and people on the Internet.
Domain names serve as an important foundation for Web navigation.
Domain names show up all over the place.
Domain names take less than a day to set up, on average.
Domain names work much like descriptive street addresses.
All domain names are accessible worldwide.
All domain names are already independent.
All domain names are also available for lease or licensing.
All domain names are available for either sale or lease.
All domain names are subject to availability .
All domain names are subject to InterNIC approval.
All domain names are the sole property of their respective owners.
All domain names are unique.
All domain names are visible to any machine connected to the Internet anywhere in the world.
All domain names come with a great range of services.
All domain names contain a top-level designation which describes the type of organization.
All domain names have to be registered to eliminate any repetition.
All domain names point to the same home page only.
All domain names point to the same web site only.
All domain names remian the property of the seller until their transfer is completed.
All domain names require a virtual server.
All Domain names require two DNS entries.
ANY domain name is subject to reverse domain hijacking.
Every domain name consists of at least two parts.
Every domain name ends with a suffix.
Every domain name gets six free updates a year.
Every domain name has a suffix based on the type of organization.
Every domain name has a suffix that indicates which top-level domain it belongs to.
Every domain name is applicable to a different target market.
Every domain name is composed of two parts.
Every domain name is made of parts delimited by periods.
Every domain name is made up of at least two parts.
Every domain name is registered under a top domain of some kind.
Every domain name is unique.
Every domain name receives the ability to create autoresponders.
Every domain name receives the ability to create unlimited autoresponders.
Many domain names are less valuable on the open market despite being of great value to the owners.
Many domain names reflect, instead, the content of the site.
More domain names are likely to follow, such as .web, .kid and .xxx.
Most domain names are all in lower cases with the words run together without spaces.
Most domain names are of the worker bee variety.
Most domain names are valid for two years.
Some domain names are fictitional.
Some domain names are for sale.
Some domain names lead to fame, fortune, and backslappings at country clubs.
Some domain names require a licence fee to be paid.
Domain parking is a special form of domain hosting.
Domain parking is also available.
Domain parking is basically what it sounds like.
Domain parking is now also available.
Domain parking is the service of providing a free webpage for a non-hosted domain.
Domain registration can take a few days to complete.
Domain registration carries a high list price and a low cost.
Domain registration includes three contacts.
Domain registration is a separate service from web hosting.
Domain registration is also possible by e-mail.
Domain registration is available.
Domain registration is based on availability and become the property of the site owner.
Domain registration is done by RAIN staff.
Domain registration is extra.
Domain registration is first come, first serve.
Domain registration is for a two-year period.
Domain registration is now very affordable.
Domain registration is OK though.
Domain registration is simple and easy.
Domain registration is subject to domain name availability.
Domain Registration Learn more about .tv from here.
Domain Registration Lists many companies offering domain registration services.
Domain registration requires first year hosting fee to be paid.
Domain Registration Use the form below to search for a domain name.
Domain registrations add profits and value to any Web site.
Domain registrations are usually complete in minutes.
All domain registration is done by e-mail.
All domain registrations are subject to certain policy agreements.
All domain registrations are subject to our policies .
All domain registrations are subject to our policies.
All domain registrations have to be paid in advance.
Most domain registrations require a brief paragraph outlining the purpose of the domain.
Domain space is language.
Domain theory explains what happens inside materials when they are magnetized.
Domain theory is both interesting mathematics and good computer science.
Domain theory meets default logic.
Domain transfer is free.
Domain transfers are a change in registrar.
Domain transfers are free.
Domain transfers involve the participation of a number of parties.
Domain validation enhances subsystem manageability through intelligent network testing.
Domain walls have some rather peculiar properties.
A domain is an environment
Domain assumes no liability for domain name disputes.
Domain assumes no responsibility for conflict with trade marks, registered or unregistered.
Domain assumes no responsibility for disputes.
Domain assumes no responsibility for domain disputes.
Domain function any type.
Domain has the most.
Domain is a column of relation.
Domain is alink.net .
Domain is an area of development.
Domain is currently in the planning stages.
Domain is for larger groups.
Domain is identified by the domain name.
Domain is left blank.
Domain is registered for one year.
Domain is symbolic name.
Domain is taken.
Domain is the node name.
Domain is the set of all values for the variable x.
Domain is the waters.
Domain is under new management.
Domain isa situation.
Domain names with less words are easier to recall.
Domain offers search engine.
Domain provides for electronic credit card transactions only.
Domain reserves the right to refuse services to any user.
Domain reserves the right to vett applications.
Domain transfer no charge.
Domain transfer no extra charge.
Domains act much the same way.
Domains allow a degree of movement in the protein structure.
Domains allow the implementation of polymorphic algorithms.
Domains also have more control over what keywords and phrases are listed within their site.
Domains also make it easy to remember and retrieve information.
Domains also specify default fields, forms, and reports for depicting members of the domain.
Domains also use group names.
Domains are a collection of fan sites devoted to a particular property.
Domains are a fast growing and very exciting business.
Domains are a hierarchical structure on the Internet.
Domains are a level of classification above kingdoms.
Domains are a way of naming computers.
Domains are also units of function, each domain being associated with a specific functionality.
Domains are areas of core product expertise for which economies of scope can be realized.
Domains are available at auction for one week.
Domains are available now.
Domains are available with a variety of extensions.
Domains are available.
Domains are boundaries of security.
Domains are cheap.
Domains are complicated sets of interconnected facts, processes, and issues.
Domains are difficult to value.
Domains are essentially improved workgroups.
Domains are flat, relational tables that are limited in scalability.
Domains Are Free offers free domain namereservation and parking including free email forwarding.
Domains are groups of Internet names.
Domains Are Groups of Objects.
Domains are hierarchical in nature and thus are extensible to any necessary level of detail.
Domains are how the Internet provides a road map to various computers using names.
Domains are important because they technically form the base of many Internet services.
Domains are like virtual fiefdoms for different industries.
Domains are one of the fastest selling items on the internet.
Domains are optional.
Domains are part of countries.
Domains are part of the Web's classification system.
Domains are permanent groups.
Domains are propriety of their respective owners.
Domains are real domain registrations.
Domains are regions.
Domains are sets.
Domains are that part of the Internet address that identifies the owner.
Domains are the extensions at the end of Web addresses.
Domains are the Internet's equivalent of telephone numbers or exchanges.
Domains are the names given to Internet users or connections.
Domains are the real estate on the Internet.
Domains are the types of organizations that post web pages.
Domains are unique identifiers for the organization that manages the email accounts.
Domains are unique.
Domains are useful when many entities in a diagram contain identical attribute definitions.
Domains are very inexpensive and are registered in the name of the requesting company.
Domains associate with addresses.
Domains based on political silos offer little functional benefit.
Domains can be here of different light intensity, phase, or polarization of the electric field.
Domains can be specific or generic.
Domains can consist of non-sequential parts of the polypeptide chain.
Domains can either be a stand-alone machine, or primary domain controllers.
Domains can evolve fairly easily and be set up with less planning than typical for a directory.
Domains can include several levels of naming, usually getting more specific from left to right.
Domains can live inside other domains.
Domains can refer to software, hardware, or even pure theory.
Domains can span multiple physical locations.
Domains can span multiple subnets or geographies.
Domains come in various types and they are categorized by one or more extensions.
Domains consist of two or more clay particles acting as a unit, usually in parallel orientation.
Domains control how Web users get to specific sites, functioning as a telephone directory.
Domains correspond to equivalent states of different circular polarization of light.
Domains differ by their phase, their chain tilt or the origin of sulfur adsoption.
Domains differ by their phase, their chain tilt, or the origin of sulfur adsorption.
Domains end in.
Domains ending in .uk are only available for two-year periods.
Domains evolve, change, move or expire.
Domains greatly simplify browsing and reduce network traffic.
Domains have different perspectives.
Domains have names and the servers within a domain derive their names from the domain name.
Domains have similarity.
Domains have structural similarity.
Domains have three interesting properties.
Domains increase productivity while decreasing debugging and testing errors across the system.
Domains like to be fed.
Domains merely point to subdirectories of the Web space for an account.
Domains organize things according to how they cluster in everyday human experience.
Domains provide a boundary for security and a scope for the replication of Domain NCs.
Domains qualifies for the general purpose category and restricted content group.
Domains range from family and interpersonal disputes to workplace, consumer, and business disputes.
Domains reach new consumers and service existing ones in creating and building their Web presence.
Domains require name server registration with InterNIC .
Domains require players to use avatars.
Domains setup on hosting accounts receive the features of that particular account.
Domains show the type of web site being viewed.
Domains show up as hierarchical trees with branches.
Domains tell a lot.
Domains use incremental synchronization for replicating updates.
Domains always have two or more parts, separated by dots.
Domains often consist of two or more subdomains, which are separated by periods.
Domains usually have specific endings.
All domain hosting fees are payable in advance.
All domains are available for registration by Internet users across the globe.
All domains are short, unique, and easily branded.
All domains begin with the word pick.
All Domains Find out about international domain names.
All domains have a default mailbox.
All domains have one default forward, but an unlimited number of forwards can be created.
All domains have their own user accounts.
All domains have to be listed on two name servers in order to be purchased.
ALL domains here are for sale.
All domains point to the same web page.
All Domains point to the same web site only.
All Domains point to the same website only.
All domains registered come with FREE domain parking.
All domains registered get a free email hosting package.
Every domain comes with a complete suite of FREE value added domain name services and support.
Every domain has a links page linking to every other domain.
Every domain has a postmaster login.
Every domain has a primary DNS server and a secondary DNS server .
Every domain has at least a primary and a secondary name server.
Every domain has one to three contact points - administration, technical, and billing.
Every domain has private access to a high performance database server.
Every domain has two one-way trust relationships with every other domain in the network.
Many domains are smaller than the resolution of the light microscope.
Many domains exist which are used exclusively for email.
Many domains simply go unsold.
Most domains associate with addresses.
Most domains have similarity.
Most domains have some good characteristics with a few less desirable characteristics.
Most domains have structural similarity.
Some domains are already profitable, while some expect to become profitable soon.
Some domains correspond to the namespace of a local system authorization file and nothing else.
Some domains fold into a helix or sheet, or several, which then combine into larger structures.
Some domains go for thousands, even millions, of dollars.
Some domains have owners.
Some domains require manual parsing by OpenSRS employees to find the correct admin contact address.
Some domains sell for millions of dollars.
Some domains show homology.
Domains names are highly concentrated, particularly in urban areas.
All dome housings can support up to four fixed cameras.
Dome shells act as shelter.
Dome shells act as temporary shelter.
Most dome shells act as shelter.
Most dome shells act as temporary shelter.
Dome tents fly best, in almost all ways.
Dome Village is on the left, enter through the gate.
A dome is a solid
Dome isa shape.
Domes are a thing of the past now.
Domes are aerodynamic and synergistic.
Domes are almost always on rollers.
Domes are available to mount onto the top and side openings of the cube.
Domes are circular or elliptical anticline resembling an inverted bowls.
Domes are companies.
Domes are energy efficient.
Domes are especially prone to rolling away.
Domes are hemispheres.
Domes are mountains.
Domes are no less of a breakthrough.
Domes are polycarbonate with viewing windows.
Domes are readily transportable anywhere in the world.
Domes are roofs.
Domes are stadiums.
Domes are substitutes for cones.
Domes are the fashion in stadium design, and dome stadium construction costs are substantial.
Domes are though poly carbonate and sealed to the base with a sponge rubber O ring.
Domes avoid flat spots and shed snow more easily.
Domes can adapt to uses as varied as schools, churches, and sports facilities.
Domes can be a problem.
Domes can be clear if required.
Domes can definitely be the housing-answer for the masses, particularly in third world countries.
Domes can plug vents, trapping gases and cause explosions.
Domes commonly occur adjacent to or within craters of composite volcanoes.
Domes create the best assembly occupancies that can be had.
Domes make good temporary emergency shelters as well as long-term buildings.
Domes normally have the shape of a hemisphere.
Domes offer lots of usable floor space and head room, but can only be heavy for the available space.
Domes provide unique housing with community feel for UCD students.
Domes represent hemispherical elevations of the monolayer resulting from vectorial fluid transport.
Domes stay at a collection site for four to six hours.
Domes use triangular shapes that are connected to transfer the load.
All domes are clear with red filters.
All domes come with built in receiver drivers.
All domes come with illustrations and instructions for easy frame assembly.
Every dome comes with an easy to understand installation manual.
Many domes are too large to be understood in terms of a normal map.
Domed awnings cover windows and doors.
Domed brushes have bristles that are slightly tapered near the ends.
Domed covers are also available for a number of bins.
Domed doublets are more valuable than flat doublets of equal colour.
Domed labels are available in white, chrome, gold and brushed chrome materials.
Domed lid is decorated with an elegant hand carved, hand stained pattern.
Domed products are UV-stable, flexible, and virtually indestructible.
A domed stadium is a stadium
Domed stadiums are commonplace now.
Domed stadiums create permanently stable climates.
Domed standards are a smooth blending of yellowish apricot.
Domed tortoises tend to be larger than saddle-backed tortoises.
Domestic abuse affects employee health, well-being and productivity.
Domestic abuse can affect anyone.
Domestic abuse can also include psychological intimidation.
Domestic abuse can be difficult to identify and insidious in nature.
Domestic abuse can be physical and emotional.
Domestic abuse can be physical, emotional, or sexual and often leads to permanent injury or death.
Domestic abuse comes in many forms .
Domestic abuse crosses all economic, class, racial, and ethnic lines.
Domestic abuse crosses all racial, social, and class lines.
Domestic abuse exists in all cultures.
Domestic abuse has a long and dishonourable tradition in recorded history.
Domestic abuse is a crisis that many women have to deal with.
Domestic abuse is a huge problem in society.
Domestic abuse is a multi disciplinary community problem.
Domestic abuse is a problem that demands a multilevel approach.
Domestic abuse is a problem.
Domestic abuse is a scourge and, as the saying goes, no excuse can defend it.
Domestic abuse is a serious assault to our society and mores.
Domestic abuse is a serious issue in our world today.
Domestic abuse is a serious matter.
Domestic abuse is a state issue.
Domestic abuse is a tactic of power and control.
Domestic abuse is a terrible thing.
Domestic abuse is about more than physical violence.
Domestic abuse is also a major problem.
Domestic abuse is always about power and control .
Domestic abuse is anger based and anger control counseling is viewed as a solution.
Domestic abuse is child abuse.
Domestic abuse is confined to the poor, disadvantaged, uneducated, particular age or ethnic groups.
Domestic abuse is covered in the Family Law Chapter.
Domestic abuse is definitely unacceptable.
Domestic abuse is harmeds.
Domestic abuse is illegal.
Domestic abuse is just a momentary loss of temper.
Domestic abuse is more than physical violence.
Domestic abuse is no different.
Domestic abuse is often the subject of special educational events.
Domestic abuse is particularly relevant, since many 'stalkers' are former partners.
Domestic abuse is so painful, that victims and their families isolate themselves by silence.
Domestic abuse is such an issue.
Domestic abuse is suffered by women of all ages, all classes, all races, all religions.
Domestic abuse is the leading cause of injury to women in the United States.
Domestic abuse is the ONLY crime the demands the victim initiate the charges.
Domestic abuse is the problem.
Domestic abuse is the shadow epidemic of our society.
Domestic abuse is the use of power and control .
Domestic abuse is the use of violence or threats to control another person's behavior.
Domestic abuse is without boundaries, effecting women, children, senior citizens and sometimes men.
Domestic abuse knows no boundaries.
Domestic abuse occurs among all ages, races, and socioeconomic classes.
Domestic abuse spreads to workplace The holidays have come and gone.
Domestic abuse takes many forms and escalates in severity.
Domestic abuse takes multiple forms.
Domestic abusers tell their victims to keep their beatings a secret.
Domestic actions can include providing tax credits or low-cost financing.
Domestic adjustment relates to home, marriage.
Domestic adjustment relates to home.
Domestic adjustment relates to possible marriage.
Domestic adjustment relates to residence, marriage.
Domestic adjustment restores harmony.
Domestic agriculture is limited, with little diversification.
All domestic airfare is included, as well as first-class hotel rooms.
Domestic airlines connect Bombay.
Domestic airlines connect much of the country through regularly scheduled and charter flights.
Domestic airlines continue to wrangle with labor problems.
Domestic airlines offer daily links to other islands.
Domestic airlines offer services to most interior cities, often to rudimentary dirt landing strips.
Most domestic airlines request at least one hour to check in.
Most domestic airlines serve the airport.
All domestic airports are open and operational.
A domestic animal is an animal
Domestic animals are a source of disturbance to Refuge wildlife and visitors.
Domestic animals are also a source of water pollution.
Domestic animals are animals.
Domestic animals are born and raised under human control.
Domestic animals are livestock or pets.
Domestic animals are used extensively and for a variety of purposes.
Domestic animals can acquire plague and pose a direct threat to humans.
Domestic animals can also turn into wildlife.
Domestic animals can breed with native , wild animals .
Domestic animals can breed with native, wild animals.
Domestic animals can cause severe degradation problems when they become feral.
Domestic animals can do a lot to maintain a country garden theme.
Domestic animals differ considerably from wild ones of the same species, vi.
Domestic animals face a serious problem of tick fever for dogs and distemper for cats.
Domestic animals forage for food.
Domestic animals have their special needs as well as wild animals.
Domestic animals include cows.
Domestic animals is another food resource.
Domestic animals live in states.
Domestic animals overgraze the ranges.
Domestic animals prepare to give birth.
Domestic animals provide great pleasure.
Domestic animals run out of shelters.
Domestic animals spread beef and pork tapeworms.
Domestic animals tend to take on the stress and emotional traits of their owners.
All domestic animals are stiff with rabies, tetanus and lasser fever.
All domestic animals are susceptible, including birds.
Every domestic animal has a different characteristic.
Many domestic animals have a white blaze on the forehead and a white tail tip.
Most domestic animals have glands only in the inguinal region.
Most domestic animals have limited color vision.
Most domestic animals live in states.
Some domestic animals cause paralysis.
Some domestic animals enjoy comfort.
Some domestic animals possess scrota.
Domestic applicants are likely to be invited for an expense paid interview on campus.
Domestic architecture is much more than a register of shifting aesthetics.
Some domestic arrangements affect justice.
Some domestic arrangements affect social justice.
Domestic assault happens to many women.
Domestic assignments are equally challenging and rewarding.
Domestic banks are heavily involved in private sector borrowings.
Domestic banks borrow from foreign investors to provide loans for the firms.
All domestic banks have correspondent arrangements with U.S. banks.
Most domestic baths are probably easier to get out of than purpose-built pools.
Domestic battery is a criminal offense.
Domestic beers are available by the bottle.
Some domestic beers have certification.
Domestic birds carry diseases that can be fatal to wild toms and hens.
Domestic bliss includes harmony, contentedness, love, purposefulness, etc.
Domestic bliss is just a pull-down menu away.
Domestic bliss is less durable than semi-gloss interior latex.
Domestic brands are generally cheaper and are mainly sold in small and medium-sized cities.
Domestic brands are generally cheaper, with prices ranging from a few yuan to several hundred yuan.
Domestic breeds reach weight.
Most domestic breeds reach weight.
Some domestic breeds are hornless.
Domestic bribes are legally no longer tax-deductible.
Most domestic builders insist upon providing the interior and finishing material.
Domestic buyers pay less for the product than they do under a system of price supports.
Domestic cabbage is less compact, with curled leaf edges.
Domestic calls go out over the air as aggravated assaults.
Domestic camels are maintained in a semi-wild state.
Domestic camels are often the main source of meat, milk and even leather or wool products.
Domestic camels travel through the desert with their nomadic owners.
Domestic capital can take the basic leadership in a given developing country.
Domestic cars are less expensive to repair and offer more repair people and facilities.
Most domestic cars are free-running.
Domestic cargo is also on the rise across the Carolinas as they attract new high-tech businesses.
Domestic carriers tend to have more relaxed upgrade policies.
A domestic cat is a cat
A domestic cat is a domestic animal
Domestic cats are a serious threat to our wild bird populations killing millions annually.
Domestic cats are abundant, and their numbers are growing.
Domestic cats are an oddity in the animal kingdom.
Domestic cats are cats.
Domestic cats are descendants of the wild cats of Africa and southwestern Asia.
Domestic cats are domestic animals.
Domestic cats are essentially loners.
Domestic cats are found all over the world, sometimes in the wild but mostly as pets.
Domestic cats are found in shorthair and longhair breeds.
Domestic cats are numerous, efficient, non-native predators who contribute to the decline.
Domestic cats are opportunistic predators, the ultimate generalists.
Domestic cats are our property.
Domestic cats are serious predators of birds in residential areas.
Domestic cats are the most dangerous predators of wild birds.
Domestic cats are the single biggest problem.
Domestic cats are their main predators.
Domestic cats are too lazy to hunt.
Domestic cats can be any of eighty different colors and patterns.
Domestic cats can be particularly deadly to bird populations when released on islands.
Domestic cats can do damage.
Domestic cats can do enormous damage.
Domestic cats can live a full life without teeth.
Domestic cats come into our care for a number of reasons.
Domestic cats comprise just one of almost forty different species of cats.
Domestic cats eat many of the same animals that native predators do.
Domestic cats exhibit a rich variety of coat patterns and colors.
Domestic cats have a high reproductive potential.
Domestic cats have color vision.
Domestic cats have energy.
Domestic cats have four rows of whiskers on their muzzle.
Domestic cats have poor color vision.
Domestic cats have poor vision.
Domestic cats have strides.
Domestic cats have vision.
Domestic cats kill birds.
Domestic cats kill many birds.
Domestic cats kill many thousands of small mammals and birds every year.
Domestic cats live in habitats as varied as city apartments, oceanic islands, and barnyards.
Domestic cats live longer if they stay indoors and are well looked after.
Domestic cats prey on rats.
Domestic cats produce milk.
Domestic cats reach ages.
Domestic cats reach reproductive ages.
Domestic cats remain largely carnivorous, and have evolved a simple gut appropriate for raw meat.
Domestic cats represent a major threat to wildlife in urban, suburban, and even rural areas.
Domestic cats resemble cats.
Domestic cats retain a strong predator instinct.
Domestic cats select food.
Most domestic cats are fed commercial pet food diets by their owners.
Most domestic cats can do damage.
Most domestic cats can do enormous damage.
Most domestic cats have color vision.
Most domestic cats have energy.
Most domestic cats have poor color vision.
Most domestic cats have poor vision.
Most domestic cats have strides.
Most domestic cats have vision.
Most domestic cats kill birds.
Most domestic cats kill many birds.
Most domestic cats produce milk.
Most domestic cats reach ages.
Most domestic cats reach reproductive ages.
Some domestic cats have chromosome pairs.
Some domestic cats have pairs.
Some domestic cats reach puberty.
Domestic cattle can enter the tank through a cattle quay .
Domestic cattle produces fertile bulls.
Domestic cheese uses milk.
Most domestic cheese uses milk.
Domestic chickens have habitats.
Domestic chickens have natural habitats.
Most domestic chickens have habitats.
Most domestic chickens have natural habitats.
Some domestic chickens have body shapes.
Some domestic chickens have shapes.
Domestic chore is difficult.
Domestic clients pay no administration charges.
Some domestic clocks are now available with an in-built receiver.
Domestic coal goes to electric utilities, imports for general industry use.
Domestic collateral is required.
Domestic commissions make up the fourth section of the exhibition.
Domestic Committees continue to seek executive roles.
Domestic companies are plentiful.
Domestic companies are the opposite.
Domestic competition is a small threat.
Domestic competition is considered to have increased.
Domestic concerns feature prominently.
Domestic concerns regarding ag-biotechnology are clearly on the rise.
Domestic considerations are likely to prevail.
Domestic consumers gain and domestic producers lose an equal amount.
Domestic consumers gain, domestic producers lose, and the losses outweigh the gains.
Domestic consumers have a safe and extremely affordable food supply.
Domestic consumption accounts for a high proportion of vegetable production.
Domestic consumption is forecast to increase slightly.
Domestic courts are of critical importance for international law.
Domestic courts fill gaps left open by international machinery.
Domestic crime targeting biotechnology is the emerging anti-technology crime of the new millennium.
Most domestic crime is perpetuated by adults.
Domestic crossing is probably the answer in almost all cases of mule births.
Domestic crush is at a record despite low crush margins.
Domestic crush is forecast to increase due to increased supplies and more favourable margins.
Domestic crush is forecast to increase due to more favourable margins.
Domestic crush is forecast to remain stable due to profitable crush margins and adequate supplies.
Domestic cuisine is another kind of delight.
Domestic current is adequate for recharging.
Domestic customers pay for their use of the service through rates.
Domestic debris is scattered over the area, too.
Domestic debt is broken down by debt instrument, by debt holder, and by maturity .
Domestic debt is guaranteed by central government.
Domestic delivery is next morning.
Domestic demand continues to surprise on the upside.
Domestic demand is also fairly robust.
Domestic demand is at a record level, and export demand also is strong.
Domestic demand is best into bakery facilities and some feed operations.
Domestic demand is down.
Domestic demand is flat, and efforts by the government to stimulate demand have been unsuccessful.
Domestic demand is high as pulses are directly consumed food lord .
Domestic demand is higher due to increased livestock feeding.
Domestic demand is just fair and generally contractual.
Domestic demand is likely to remain robust in the short term.
Domestic demand is likely to remain the basis of the expansion in the next two years.
Domestic demand is relatively flat.
Domestic demand is sickly.
Domestic demand is viewed as the main driver of growth.
Domestic demand looks improved as a larger supply of turkey found consumption at a higher price.
Domestic demand remains extremely weak.
Domestic demand remains strong, while the contribution to growth from net exports has declined.
Domestic demand remains very robust, with consumer spending continuing to drive the economy.
Domestic demands is approx.
Domestic deployments are likely to diminish the ability to respond quickly to events overseas.
Domestic deposits are foreign exchange deposits in offshore branches of domestic banks.
Domestic deposits are small or of low grade.
Domestic deregulation is controlled and reversible.
More domestic destinations are available.
Domestic diehards have a group of longtime modifiers to tap into.
Domestic Dimensions examines precedents within Canada.
Domestic disappearance is projected to increase fractionally.
Domestic disarmament entails the removal of arms from private hands . . . .
Domestic disarmament is a start.
Domestic discord is probably the most widespread form of human misery.
Domestic disputes are a major drain on police resources.
Domestic disputes are always the worst.
Domestic disturbances generate some of the most frustrating calls for police officers.
A domestic dog is a canid
A domestic dog is a domestic animal
Domestic dogs are ancestors of the grey wolf.
Domestic dogs are descended from wolves.
Domestic dogs are different breeds within the same canine species.
Domestic dogs are found in association with humans worldwide and in a wide variety of habitats.
Domestic dogs are polygamous in contrast to wolves that are generally monogamous.
Domestic dogs can be active at any time of the day or night.
Domestic dogs can reproduce at approximately six month intervals, though usually less frequently.
Domestic dogs carry and transmit human diseases, including viral, bacterial, and parasitic diseases.
Domestic dogs come in a bewildering variety of shapes and sizes.
Domestic dogs eat food.
Domestic dogs have lots of time to lick a wound, causing it to grow.
Domestic dogs have sharp teeth.
Domestic dogs have teeth.
Domestic dogs have three lower, but only two upper molars.
Domestic dogs kill dozens of people each year.
Domestic dogs shape the landscape-scale distribution of a threatened forest ungulate.
Domestic dogs share behavior.
Domestic dogs show patterns.
All domestic dogs appear ultimately to have been derived from the wolf.
All domestic dogs are descended from a single species, but there is now a great variety.
Most domestic dogs are descended from the wolf, and so are varieties within the species wolf.
Most domestic dogs are descended from wolves.
Most domestic dogs eat food.
Most domestic dogs have sharp teeth.
Most domestic dogs have teeth.
Most domestic dogs show patterns.
Some domestic dogs come into heat.
Some domestic dogs descend from gray wolves.
Some domestic dogs descend from grey wolves.
Some domestic dogs descend from wolves.
Some domestic dogs kill cassowaries.
Some domestic dogs kill raccoons.
Some domestic dogs kill skunks.
Some domestic dogs live in villages.
Some domestic dogs suffer from anemia.
Some domestic dogs transmit diseases.
Some domestic dogs transmit human diseases.
Domestic donkeys have behavior.
Most domestic donkeys are in much the same height range.
Most domestic donkeys have behavior.
Domestic duck is very fat.
Domestic duck tends to be cooked till the skin is crispy and the meat gray and tasteless.
Domestic ducks are birds.
Domestic ducks are generally bulkier, with larger, rounder heads and shorter bills.
Domestic ducks are the type most people choose for their needs.
Most domestic earwigs prefer moist soil areas with adequate cover and food source.
Domestic eggs symbolize prosperity.
Domestic electricity meters measure energy.
Domestic examples are very few.
Domestic expenditures are on the rise.
Domestic extraction tends to use resources with higher resource efficiency.
Domestic factors are primary determinants of national economic growth.
Domestic factors play a prominent role in determining the success or failure of CBMs.
Domestic felines are the most popular pet in America today.
Domestic felines are truly a long-suffering species.
Every domestic feline has a special affinity to one of the larger cats.
Domestic ferrets are gregarious, polecats are solitary.
Domestic ferrets enjoy stealing and hiding objects, such as boots, socks, organizers, and keys.
Domestic ferrets exhibit a variety of colors, with albino being the original color of pet ferrets.
Domestic ferrets have a long history with humans.
Domestic ferrets have no restrictions on their range and live throughout the world.
Some domestic ferrets escape from cages.
Domestic financing is broken down between bank and nonbank.
Domestic financing is in short supply except for export-oriented production.
Domestic financing refers to that obtained from residents.
Domestic fires are mostly the result of negligence or misuse of appliances.
Domestic fires pose one of the greatest risks to children.
Domestic firms are under pressure to export so they can grow.
Domestic fliers can check in at curbside.
Domestic flight is flight
Domestic flight is flight.
Domestic flights are also available into the southern end of the Gold Coast.
Domestic flights are also available to all major centres of Namibia and neighbouring states.
Domestic flights are also available to and from major cities within Indonesia.
Domestic flights are available between Libya's main cities.
Domestic flights are expensive, although the entrance of new airlines is fostering competition.
Domestic flights are government subsidized and fares are competitive with first class train fares.
Domestic flights are inexpensive.
Domestic flights are pretty expensive.
Domestic flights are relatively expensive due to a heavy foreigner surcharge.
Domestic flights are very different.
Domestic flights connect all the key destinations in South Africa.
Domestic Flights Flying in Laos is easy and relatively cheap.
Domestic flights link Sydney with all other Australian cities.
Domestic flights operate from the Mount Cook airport.
Domestic flights operate regularly between major cities.
Domestic flights operate to and from most major Ukrainian cities.
All domestic flights are non-smoking.
Many domestic flights are also grounded in winter.
Most domestic foods have considerably lower protein and calcium values compared to roughage.
Domestic fowl has feathers.
Domestic fowl has shiny feathers.
Most domestic fowl has feathers.
Most domestic fowl has shiny feathers.
Some domestic fowl eats leaves.
Some domestic fowl has sensitivity.
Domestic gaming is the future of the internet.
Most domestic geese have life.
A domestic goat is a goat
Domestic goats are descended from goats.
Domestic goats are descended from wild goats.
Domestic goats are raised all over the world in almost every type of terrestrial biomes.
Domestic goats are smart and active .
Domestic goats are smart and active.
Domestic goats are very friendly in nature and gentle.
Domestic goats eat trash.
Most domestic goats are descended from goats.
Most domestic goats are descended from wild goats.
Most domestic goats eat trash.
Some domestic goats browse juniper.
Some domestic goats control height growth.
Some domestic goats have nuclei.
Domestic geese have life.
Domestic governance is the critical issue.
Domestic government is natural, monarchical politic.
Some domestic graduates combine work in the United States and abroad.
Domestic happiness is evident.
Domestic help comes every day and can do laundry, ironing, and light cooking.
Domestic help is a servant
Domestic help is available if required.
Domestic help is available, but they are much too expensive for everyone's pocket.
Domestic help is available.
Domestic help is generally very good and the cost is very affordable.
Domestic help is hard to find.
Domestic help is plentiful at a modest cost.
Domestic help is provided, and a cook is available for an extra charge.
Domestic help is readily available at reasonable rates, usually payable in U.S. dollars.
Domestic help is readily available.
Some domestic helpers live within their employer's household.
Domestic hens have declarative representations.
Domestic homicide is an American tragedy whose victims' stories go untold.
Domestic horses derive the majority of their ration from hays and grains.
Domestic horses have thinner lamina and an angled orientation to the ground.
Domestic horses lose single hairs, which are replaced as they are lost.
Domestic ideology can be a political force.
Domestic illiteracy is a graver threat than foreign weaponry.
Domestic incidents are related to so many other crime problems.
Some domestic incidents involve stepsons.
Domestic industries lobby with politicians for protection against foreign competition.
Domestic industry is based on the processing of agricultural products, oil refining, and chemicals.
Domestic inequalities are staggering as well, the report finds.
Domestic information deals with national development and environment issues.
Domestic information deals with national development and environmental issues.
Domestic infrastructure enhances inter-state commerce and attracts foreign investments.
Domestic institutions can also foster policy commitment.
Domestic insurance has a lot of restrictions versus international health insurance medical coverage.
Domestic insurers undergo on-site examinations at least once every five years.
Domestic investigations are down.
Domestic investments dominate, and most portfolios are managed internally.
Domestic investors feel marginalised.
Domestic kitchens are a significant source of foodborne infection .
Domestic kittens are highly social animals and enjoy human companionship.
Domestic labor is one of the most common jobs for black South African women.
Domestic law remains applicable.
Domestic leagues comprise mainly of two tournaments.
Domestic legislation needs to consider the choice and clarity of words.
Domestic legislation prohibits the Swiss government from sending armed units abroad.
Domestic legislation provides a needed counter-weight to the superior orders defense.
Domestic letters go for standard prices.
Domestic life goes through a slightly difficult phase.
Domestic life has roots in servitude.
Domestic life improves.
Domestic life runs smoothly.
Domestic lighting is used.
Domestic liquids are macerated and piped into the sea.
Domestic livestock shares resources.
Domestic mail is classified by size, weight, content, service, and other factors.
Domestic mail is reliable but also can take three weeks.
All domestic mail is sent fourth class unless otherwise specified.
Domestic mammals can also get rabies.
Domestic manufacturers are now less competitive and they have no choice but to rely on imports.
Most domestic manufacturers are still state-owned enterprises.
Domestic mares require specific care and nutrition to ensure that they and their foals are healthy.
Domestic marijuana is the most potent and highly prized cannabis product in the world.
Domestic market continues to be tough with single digit growth rate.
Domestic markets are small and scattered over great distances.
Domestic matters become important.
Domestic matters make up at least half of all civil cases filed in the state.
Domestic migration is estimated from federal income tax and social security data.
All domestic mining is by open pit, and challenging land use problems exist.
Domestic minks vary in many colors, but wild minks are usually brown to black.
Domestic Missions is our branch of missions that advances intercultural ministries in North America.
Domestic models are most popular, but imports have increased also.
Domestic mosquitoes prefer to lay their eggs in containers.
Domestic mice are very friendly toward humans and can make good pets for older children and adults.
Domestic needs are most urgent.
Domestic noise is a major and increasing source of complaints to local authorities.
Most domestic offenders blame others for their actions, choosing to live in denial.
Domestic ones are forty-five minutes.
Domestic opposition is divided between secular democratic forces and Islamic parties.
Domestic orders have the option of next day, second day, or third day shipping.
All domestic orders require credit card or pre-payment.
Domestic output is boosted by worker remittances.
Most domestic output comes from the fishing of hake .
Domestic ovens make the dough crusty all over.
Domestic pairs seem to settle in more quickly.
A domestic partner is a person
Domestic partner benefits No.
Domestic partners qualify for health benefits.
Domestic partnership is a step but only half-way.
Domestic partnership is no substitute for civil marriage.
Domestic partnership ought to look like marriage.
Domestic partnerships affirm the validity, dignity, and legitimacy of families.
Domestic partnerships seem to go down better.
Domestic passengers face no such restriction.
Domestic pets are also welcome under supervision.
Domestic pets are completely dependent on their owners for their welfare.
Domestic pets are the most common cause of animal bites, and dogs are more likely to bite than cats.
Domestic pets can also carry avian pathogens from one flock to the next.
Domestic pets can also contract plague by eating infected animals or by being bitten by fleas.
Domestic pets can wipe out a wild population.
Most domestic pianos require tuning every six months.
Domestic piety is a safeguard against so many evils.
Domestic pigs appear to be the primary reservoir for human infections.
Domestic pigs are descended from boars.
Domestic pigs are descended from wild boars.
Domestic pigs are farmed primarily for the consumption of their meat called pork .
Domestic pigs eat insects.
Domestic pigs have curly tails.
Domestic pigs have food.
Domestic pigs have tails.
Most domestic pigs are descended from boars.
Most domestic pigs are descended from wild boars.
Most domestic pigs eat insects.
Most domestic pigs have food.
Some domestic pigs lead to improvement.
Domestic pigeons eat seeds.
Domestic pigeons have ages.
Domestic pigeons mate for life unless separated by death or accident.
Domestic pigeons mate for life.
Domestic pigeons reach maturity.
Domestic pigeons reach sexual maturity.
Domestic pigeons reproduce in a similar way to the wild rock pigeon .
Most domestic pigeons eat seeds.
Most domestic pigeons have ages.
Most domestic pigeons mate for life.
Most domestic pigeons reach maturity.
Most domestic pigeons reach sexual maturity.
Domestic plans lack any sort of comprehensive worldwide service.
Domestic plants produce string knits and seamless terry styles.
Domestic plants provide a manufacturer distribution capabilities outsourcers can t match.
Domestic policy are policies for things happening or being inside a country.
Domestic policy can no longer adequately control prices.
Domestic policy is foreign policy, and foreign policy is domestic policy.
Domestic policy is generally easier to change if done incrementally over a period of years.
Domestic policy is no better.
Domestic policy is policy.
Domestic pollution is also responsible for producing the above air pollutants.
Domestic porcelain contains much more kaolin than dental porcelain, which contains more feldspar.
Domestic positions are for a two-year term, and international positions are for three years.
Domestic postage is included.
Domestic poultry are often a target for mink predation.
Most domestic poultry is also acceptable.
Domestic predators are cats, domestic dogs, and dingoes.
Domestic price is more than the export Price due to High purity.
Domestic price varies in tandem with exports.
Domestic prices are stable, and there are no signs of deflation.
Domestic prices are too low to support new investment.
Domestic problems interfere with work.
Domestic process emphasizes partnerships with suppliers and customers.
Domestic producers are just months away.
Domestic producers find it hard to compete on pricing.
Domestic producers gain the green area.
Domestic producers revise aluminium prices twice in a month.
Domestic products offer the highest profit margins and the best reliability.
Domestic production can cover the country's cereal requirements for only three months.
Domestic production consists mainly of assembling computers from imported components.
Domestic production is concentrated in news and public information programming and game shows.
Domestic production is highest in California, especially in the Central Valley.
Domestic production is likely to fall for the reasons outlined above, viz.
Domestic production is limited due to a low domestic crushing capacity.
Domestic production is limited to rapid production of many models in small quantities.
Domestic production is merely one option for attaining food security.
Domestic production is one part of a basic policy.
Domestic production is supplemented by imports from Belgium, France, Germany and Norway.
Domestic production is the key to our country's well-being in another important way.
Domestic programs provide training for students interested in pursuing public service careers.
Some domestic programs continue to offer classes in three subjects, but most have changed.
Domestic quakers are reportedly easy to potty train.
Domestic rabbits are defi nitely house pets, the rescuers say.
Domestic rabbits are mammals.
Domestic rabbits are raised for meat and skins, the latter being used as pelts and for making felt.
Domestic rabbits can grow larger than wild rabbits.
Domestic rabbits can make excellent pets.
Domestic rabbits can make wonderful pets, but they do require lots of special care.
Domestic rabbits excavate burrows.
Domestic rabbits have no regular estrus cycle.
Domestic rabbits look a bit different from wild rabbits.
Many domestic rabbits are light-colored, which makes it difficult to hide from predators.
Some domestic rabbits live in cages.
Domestic rats are also very prone to tumors.
Domestic rats are very different from wild rats, however.
Domestic rats make wonderful pets and show affection for their owners.
Domestic rates apply only to the U.S. and possessions.
Domestic rates apply to U.S. and possessions.
Domestic rates are at here .
Domestic rates are below cost price for political reasons.
Domestic recycling having succeeded, the city now wants to extend the program to businesses.
Domestic reforms are the best way to prevent disaster.
Domestic refuse generates a noxious leachate when water is passed through the landfill.
All domestic registrants are subject to mandated electronic filing requirements.
Domestic relations is the fastest growing segment of the circuit courts' caseload.
Domestic renewal is clearly the first item on that agenda.
Domestic resources are simply insufficient to support so many people.
Domestic revenues consist of oil and gas revenues plus non-oil and gas revenues.
Domestic rice is grown with heavy doses of pesticides.
Many domestic rites are occasions for homa, including upanayana and vivaha.
Domestic rivalry is the single most important contributor to international competitiveness.
Domestic sales have important tax consequences.
Domestic satellites provide national trunk services.
Domestic satellites provide services.
Most domestic satellites provide national trunk services.
Most domestic satellites provide services.
Domestic savings are at a record high.
Domestic scene is quite congenial.
Domestic sector is broken down to monetary sector and non-monetary sector.
Domestic securities are unfashionable when investors can choose continent-wide.
Domestic service continues to increase, approaching normal scheduled operations.
Domestic service is a common form of employment for black-Colombian women and children.
Domestic service is limited and expensive.
Domestic service is no longer an option.
Domestic service is offered by a number of airlines.
Domestic sewage carries all kinds of wastewater from homes and city buildings.
Domestic sewage contains a wide variety of dissolved and suspended impurities.
Domestic sewage is also very likely to contain disease-causing microbes.
Domestic sewage is discharged directly into rivers and in some cases the sea.
Domestic sewage is disposed of via connection to the municipal system.
Domestic sewage is the source of both septage and biosolids.
Domestic sewage refers to waste water that is discarded from households.
Most domestic sewage is dumped untreated into surface water, posing obvious health dangers.
Most domestic sewage is very easy to treat using the methods seen here.
A domestic sheep is sheep
Domestic sheep are a counter example.
Domestic sheep are sheep.
Domestic sheep can stray from the main flock.
Domestic sheep carry a respiratory disease that is deadly to wild bighorn.
Domestic sheep graze ranges.
Domestic sheep live worldwide in association with humans.
Domestic sheep share ancestors.
Domestic sheep share common ancestors.
Domestic sheep share european ancestors.
Domestic sheep vary greatly in size.
Most domestic sheep share common ancestors.
Most domestic sheep share european ancestors.
Some domestic sheep provide opportunity.
Domestic shipments continue to be received and unloaded on schedule.
Domestic shipping is another matter entirely.
Domestic shipping is free when three or more patterns are purchased.
Domestic shipping is free.
Domestic Shipping is free.
Domestic Shipping is included in the price of each horn.
Domestic shipping is included.
Domestic shipping is one dollar.
Domestic showers are most commonly stall showers or showers over a bathtub.
Domestic sites operate considerable self-censorship.
Domestic Skills Be able to mend a tear.
Domestic skunks make outstanding pets for some people.
Domestic sources tend to be smaller and emitted by individuals.
Domestic spending is likely to continue to receive the lion's share of reductions.
Domestic stallions can identify mares in heat for great distances downwind.
Domestic standards are either absent or so cumbersome as to inhibit exploitation.
Domestic steel is in crisis, again.
Domestic strife is a mainstay of the human comedy played out among the stalls.
Domestic students can find out about enrolment and fees from the enrolment web page .
Domestic students can find the form here .
Domestic students can purchase the policy at any time.
Domestic students send their premium directly to the insurance company.
Many domestic students enjoy sampling international dishes prepared by international students.
Many domestic students qualify for federal low-interest loans to cover tuition.
Domestic supplies meet demand.
Domestic supplies satisfy most of India's coal demand.
Domestic supply accounts for most of the ground-water use in South Virginia Beach.
Domestic supply seems more assured.
Domestic support is also available to teachers.
Domestic support is another area where much work remains to be done.
Domestic terminals are on the eastern side.
Domestic terrorism has nothing to do with the Middle East, Bosnia or Latin America.
Domestic terrorism is a crime against the order and tranquillity of our nation.
Domestic terrorism is a high priority for state emergency management across the United States.
Domestic terrorism is a more widespread phenomenon than international terrorism.
Domestic terrorism is a terrorist act
Domestic terrorism is also on the agenda, as are workplace issues and healthcare trends.
Domestic terrorism is on the rise.
Domestic terrorism is one of the most fundamental threats to the liveability of our community.
Domestic terrorism is probably a more widespread phenomenon than international terrorism.
Domestic terrorism is terrorism.
Domestic terrorism tends to deal only within the United States.
Domestic Terrorists are the home grown variety.
Most domestic titles come sealed, imports are a hit or miss depending on the label.
Domestic tomatoes descendant from tiny-fruit ancestors, result of artificial selection.
Domestic tourism is already a very important industry.
Domestic tourism is relatively undeveloped in Mongolia.
Domestic tourists are in a brutal majority among tourists who come to the Valley despite militancy.
Domestic tourists are likely to be important customers.
Domestic tourists spend three to six times more than local shoppers on a single trip.
All domestic trade is done in manat.
Domestic traders are the most cynical.
Domestic traffic is coastwise plus one port traffic.
Domestic tragedy becomes bedroom farce - until the farce turns tragic.
Domestic tranquility is just as important.
Domestic tranquility is roughly the same in spite of the increase in prison building.
Domestic transfers are less expensive than cross-border transfers.
Most domestic transportation is carried out by the company's own lorries.
Domestic travel includes travel within and between the United States and Canada.
Domestic travel includes travel within and between the United States, Mexico and Canada.
Domestic travel is also easy and convenient.
Domestic travel is coach class.
Domestic travel is considered to be travel within the United States and Canada.
Domestic travel is required, and some international travel is possible.
Domestic travel is required.
Domestic travel is travel within the United States.
Domestic travel requires the approval of the faculty mentor.
Some domestic travel is involved.
Domestic travelers use the maps to plot their drive along the busiest routes.
Domestic trials are on the way.
Most domestic trips are an hour or less in duration.
Domestic trouble is a test of endurance, patience, mutual trust and mutual help.
Domestic troubles are the alleged cause.
Domestic turkeys are birds.
Domestic turkeys are much heavier and larger than wild turkeys.
Domestic turkeys are much larger than the wild turkeys.
Domestic turkeys are so stupid they'll look up into rain until they drown.
Domestic turkeys can actually fly for great distances.
Domestic turkeys eat a balanced diet of soybeans and ground corn.
Domestic turkeys have a reputation of being less than brilliant, docile, slow moving creatures.
Domestic turkeys have black legs and wild turkeys have pink legs.
Domestic units are patrilocal and involve the development of patrilineages three generations deep.
Domestic use is driven by sustained growth in food use, particularly the processed food sector.
Domestic use is for lawn and garden irrigation.
Domestic use is forecast to be slightly higher.
Domestic use is forecast to be unchanged, as increased industrial use offsets lower feed use.
Domestic use is forecast to be unchanged, with increased industrial use offsetting lower feed use.
Domestic use is forecast to decline due to lower Chinese linseed oil demand.
Domestic use is forecast to decline slightly due to lower feed use.
Domestic use is forecast to fall due to lower exports of linseed oil to China.
Domestic use is forecast to increase due to higher feed use.
Domestic use is forecast to increase slightly due to strong industrial use in Quebec.
Domestic use is forecast to increase.
Domestic use is forecast to remain at an historically high level due to strong feed demand.
Domestic use is forecast to remain at an historically high level.
Domestic use is forecast to remain stable.
Domestic use is forecast to rise due to increased industrial use.
Domestic use is likely to fall as feed and residual use declines.
Domestic use is limited to approximately one acre foot per year.
Domestic use is lower than previously forecast due to start-up delays with the new ethanol plants.
Domestic use is projected to decline due to lower feed use.
Domestic use is the highest use of water and takes precedence over all appropriative uses.
Domestic use is the highest use of water and takes precedence over appropriative uses.
Domestic users are increasingly interested in whole grain products.
Domestic users are people who buy pesticides for use in their own yards, gardens and homes.
Domestic violence accounts for many of the parish's assaults.
Domestic violence affects all members of a family, as well as the community in which they live.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of every four American families.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of every four U.S. families.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of four American families.
Domestic violence affects everyone.
Domestic violence affects individuals of all ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Domestic violence affects more than just women of childbearing age.
Domestic violence affects people at work.
Domestic violence affects people of all ages and all cultures.
Domestic violence affects people of all socioeconomic backgrounds and education levels.
Domestic violence affects the entire community.
Domestic violence affects the entire family.
Domestic violence affects the rich and poor, and it affects children and other family members.
Domestic violence affects thousands of women every year in Iowa.
Domestic violence affects women from all religious, ethnic, economic, and educational backgrounds.
Domestic violence afflicts communities regardless of economic, ethnic or racial identity.
Domestic Violence are services that provide assistance for low income persons.
Domestic violence becomes wrong but acceptable.
Domestic violence can affect the whole family, especially our children.
Domestic violence can also spill over into the workplace.
Domestic violence can and often does escalate in severity.
Domestic violence can arise in other family relationships as well.
Domestic violence can be a particularly sticky problem in an Appalachian area like Southeast Ohio.
Domestic violence can be a source of jeopardy to combat readiness and to military families.
Domestic violence can be an overwhelming experience for everyone in the household.
Domestic violence can be another form of hate crime.
Domestic violence can be fatal.
Domestic Violence can be in any home and any person in that home can be a victim.
Domestic violence can be lethal.
Domestic violence can be obvious shoving, slapping, punching and constant put-downs.
Domestic violence can be physical, emotional or sexual abuse.
Domestic violence can consist solely of property damage.
Domestic violence can go unrecognized or unacknowledged.
Domestic violence can happen anywhere.
Domestic violence can happen in any household.
Domestic violence can happen to anyone and anywhere.
Domestic violence can happen to anyone of any race, age, sexual orientation, religion, or gender.
Domestic violence can happen to anyone, anytime and anywhere.
Domestic violence can happen to anyone.
Domestic violence can have bad effects on physical and psychological health.
Domestic violence can have long-term effects on children.
Domestic violence can involve physical, emotional, financial, sexual or social abuse.
Domestic violence can involve physical, sexual, emotional,economic and psychological abuse.
Domestic violence can lead to fatalities.
Domestic violence can lead to murder of the sister, and the brother being put in jail.
Domestic violence can leave victims feeling trapped and unable to help themselves.
Domestic violence can occur in any family and in any relationship.
Domestic violence can occur in any type of relationship where two adults are involved.
Domestic violence can seriously limit women's ability to participate in both paid and unpaid work.
Domestic violence can shatter a life as suddenly as a car wreck.
Domestic violence can shatter families and destroy lives.
Domestic violence can start at home.
Domestic violence can strike any household.
Domestic violence can strike in any home, social class, or religion.
Domestic violence can surface to a tenured employee at any point in time.
Domestic violence can take many forms from beatings, sexual assault, molestation, and even murder.
Domestic violence can take many forms.
Domestic violence causes more emergency room visits than car accidents, rapes and muggings combined.
Domestic violence causes physical harm, but it also can leave mental scars that last a lifetime.
Domestic violence causes some girls to run away in desperation.
Domestic violence consists of physical, sexual, emotional, and social abuse.
Domestic violence continues to be a problem in virtually every country.
Domestic violence continues to be a serious problem in the Korean American community.
Domestic violence continues to plague our society and our state.
Domestic violence continues unabated.
Domestic violence continues.
Domestic violence contributes to the overwhelming state of violence in our society.
Domestic violence costs employers billions of dollars each year.
Domestic violence crosses all cultural lines, however, and is prevalent state and nationwide.
Domestic violence crosses all cultural, racial, educational, and socioeconomic boundaries.
Domestic violence crosses all cultures, races, and socioeconomic levels.
Domestic violence crosses all demographic lines.
Domestic violence crosses all racial and age barriers.
Domestic violence crosses all racial, economic, sexual orientation and religious barriers.
Domestic violence crosses all racial, ethnic, economic, and religious communities.
Domestic violence crosses all social and economic boundaries.
Domestic violence crosses all social, economic, cultural, educational, and religious boundaries.
Domestic violence crosses all social, economic, racial, cultural and religious boundaries.
Domestic violence crosses all socioeconomic, ethnic, racial, educational, age, and religious lines.
Domestic violence crosses every economic, social, and racial barrier.
Domestic violence crosses racial, religious and chronological lines.
Domestic violence cuts across all economic, racial and cultural boundaries.
Domestic violence cuts across all levels of education and class.
Domestic violence cuts across all race, class, and professional lines.
Domestic violence cuts across all social, racial, educational and economic lines with no exceptions.
Domestic violence cuts across all social-economic lines.
Domestic violence cuts across all socioeconomic classes, ages, sexes, races, and religious groups.
Domestic violence cuts across all socioeconomic, cultural and gender lines.
Domestic violence cuts across all walks of life.
Domestic violence demands our urgent prevention and intervention efforts.
Domestic violence destroys families and disrupts a child's emotional development.
Domestic violence destroys the home.
Domestic violence deteriorates the family and the community.
Domestic violence disrupts children's lives .
Domestic violence does occur in dating relationships.
Domestic violence effects everyone .
Domestic violence encompasses spouse abuse and child abuse.
Domestic violence exacts a toll on individual women and on American business and government.
Domestic violence exists in all communities.
Domestic violence experienced by pregnant teenagers is a serious maternal and child health problem.
Domestic violence falls into several categories.
Domestic violence follows a vicious cycle that often explodes in violence or other abuse.
Domestic violence goes unabated.
Domestic violence hampers a victim's ability to perform in the workplace.
Domestic Violence happens among all sectors of society.
Domestic violence happens in all communities regardless of race,class,age or sexual orientation.
Domestic violence happens in all kinds of families and relationships.
Domestic Violence happens in an intimate relationship.
Domestic violence happens in military families of all ranks and ages.
Domestic violence happens to all sorts of people.
Domestic violence happens to people of all ages, races, ethnicities, and religions.
Domestic violence happens to people of all races, income, and education levels.
Domestic violence happens to women of every age, race, background, class, job category and religion.
Domestic violence has a long history.
Domestic violence has a negative impact on military readiness and good order and discipline.
Domestic violence has a physical and psychological impact on all members of a family.
Domestic violence has a tremendous impact on the legal profession.
Domestic violence has adverse effects on individuals, families, and society in general.
Domestic violence has extremely high costs for the family, the community, and the future.
Domestic violence has immediate and long-term detrimental effects on children.
Domestic violence has many different definitions.
Domestic violence has many faces.
Domestic violence has many forms.
Domestic violence has many indicators.
Domestic violence has no boundaries.
Domestic violence has no certain race, social status or whatever.
Domestic violence has no socioeconomic preference.
Domestic violence has short, medium and long-term consequences on women and children.
Domestic violence has to be stopped - it is sad that our justice system goes against the victim.
Domestic violence hits one in three families in our country.
Domestic violence hurts all family members.
Domestic violence hurts both women and men.
Domestic violence hurts families.
Domestic violence hurts victims as well as their families.
Domestic violence hurts.
Domestic violence impacts a woman's performance on the job.
Domestic violence includes actual or threatened physical , sexual, psychological, or economic abuse.
Domestic violence includes emotional, physical and sexual attacks.
Domestic violence includes multiple forms of abuse such as physical, sexual, and psychological.
Domestic violence includes physical and sexual attacks and threats.
Domestic violence includes physical, sexual, verbal or emotional abuse between partners.
Domestic violence incorporates several types of abuse.
Domestic violence involves a set of complex issues.
Domestic violence involves no such contract.
Domestic violence is . . . .
Domestic violence is a black hole on the court's time.
Domestic violence is a brutal and often fatal act.
Domestic violence is a business problem.
Domestic violence is a case in point.
Domestic violence is a clear ground for divorce under covenant marriage-a first for Louisiana law.
Domestic violence is a common but often poorly recognized source of medical morbidity.
Domestic violence is a common problem.
Domestic violence is a community issue as well as a personal and family issue.
Domestic violence is a community problem.
Domestic violence is a complex social problem.
Domestic violence is a complicated problem.
Domestic violence is a concern.
Domestic violence is a concrete evil.
Domestic violence is a cowardly, secret, and sociopathic abuse of power.
Domestic violence is a crime .
Domestic violence is a crime against society, as are similar acts of violence between strangers.
Domestic violence is a crime and almost always escalates.
Domestic violence is a crime and never the fault of the one being hurt.
Domestic violence is a crime in Massachusetts.
Domestic violence is a crime that goes in a continuing circle.
Domestic violence is a crime which is of concern to many communities.
Domestic violence is a crime, and domestic violence abusers are criminals, plain and simple.
Domestic violence is a crime, and perpetrators are criminals.
Domestic violence is a crime, just like robbery or rape.
Domestic violence is a crime.
Domestic violence IS a crime.
Domestic Violence Is A Crime.
Domestic violence is a criminal activity.
Domestic violence is a destructive cycle and it always gets worse.
Domestic violence is a dirty little secret that can destroy the lives of everyone involved.
Domestic violence is a fact of life for millions of American women.
Domestic violence is a fact of life.
Domestic violence is a fact.
Domestic violence is a form of abuse that can be physical, verbal and emotional.
Domestic violence is a form of control that one person exercises over another.
Domestic violence is a form of intimidation.
Domestic violence is a frightening but all too common issue.
Domestic violence is a growing problem in our society as is violence generally.
Domestic violence is a health care problem of epidemic proportion.
Domestic violence is a health care problem of epidemic proportions.
Domestic violence is a huge problem that just was never in the limelight until that happened.
Domestic violence is a huge problem.
Domestic violence is a human problem.
Domestic violence is a leading cause of injury here and across the nation.
Domestic violence is a leading cause of injury to women.
Domestic violence is a leading indicator that child abuse is happening in the home.
Domestic violence is a learned behavior usually by boys who witness their fathers' violence.
Domestic violence is a learned behavior.
Domestic violence is a learned pattern of behaviors used by one person to gain control of another.
Domestic violence is a lethal and costly crime.
Domestic violence is a major cause of family homelessness.
Domestic violence is a major issue in Boulder at the moment and there are many arrests being made.
Domestic violence is a major obstacle on the way to gender equality.
Domestic violence is a major problem across the nation.
Domestic violence is a major problem in our society.
Domestic violence is a major public service campaign for our radio station.
Domestic violence is a major social concern.
Domestic violence is a major social problem facing our society.
Domestic violence is a malicious and cowardly crime.
Domestic violence is a medical issue, as well.
Domestic violence is a moral wrong.
Domestic violence is a much wider problem than it's reported.
Domestic violence is a multi-faceted problem.
Domestic violence is a nation tragedy.
Domestic violence is a national disgrace.
Domestic violence is a national pastime .
Domestic violence is a painful problem within our communities.
Domestic violence is a pattern of assaultive and coercive behaviors.
Domestic violence is a pattern of behavior used by one person to dominate or control another.
Domestic violence is a pattern of coercive control in an intimate relationship.
Domestic violence is a pattern of coercive control one person exercises over another.
Domestic violence is a pattern of control used by one person to exert power over another.
Domestic violence is a personal problem between a husband and a wife.
Domestic violence is a personal, social and even a workplace concern.
Domestic violence is a pervasive problem in our city.
Domestic violence is a pervasive problem in society.
Domestic violence is a pervasive treat to Black women s health.
Domestic violence is a private family matter.
Domestic violence is a private matter.
Domestic violence is a problem at all income levels.
Domestic violence is a problem facing many Korean families.
Domestic violence is a problem in every community.
Domestic violence is a problem in every corner of the globe.
Domestic violence is a problem of epidemic proportions in our communities.
Domestic violence is a problem that cuts across economic, class and racial lines.
Domestic violence is a problem, even in Christian homes.
Domestic violence is a problem.
Domestic violence is a public health problem.
Domestic violence is a public safety issue.
Domestic violence is a reality.
Domestic violence is a repetitive pattern in people s lives.
Domestic violence is a repetitive pattern in people's lives.
Domestic violence is a serious crime against the individual and the community.
Domestic violence is a serious crime that often results in grave injury and even death.
Domestic violence is a serious crime.
Domestic violence is a serious issue in Texas.
Domestic violence is a serious issue, as it is in Colombia as a whole.
Domestic violence is a serious issue.
Domestic violence is a serious matter, and can lead to arrest and prosecution.
Domestic violence is a serious matter.
Domestic violence is a serious national problem which affects millions of households.
Domestic violence is a serious problem in our community.
Domestic violence is a serious problem in rural areas.
Domestic violence is a serious problem in the United States.
Domestic violence is a serious problem that affects people from all walks of life.
Domestic violence is a serious problem that crosses racial, economic and religious boundaries.
Domestic violence is a serious problem that has existed for centuries.
Domestic violence is a serious problem.
Domestic violence is a serious, long-standing problem in Peru, with particular impact on women.
Domestic violence is a significant factor.
Domestic violence is a significant problem in California and throughout the country.
Domestic violence is a social evil.
Domestic violence is a social issue affecting men, women and children.
Domestic violence is a societal problem with serious consequences.
Domestic violence is a solvable problem.
Domestic violence is a taxpayer problem.
Domestic violence is a term that carries differentdefinitions in the medical literature.
Domestic violence is a truth in society that affects all people.
Domestic violence is a two way street.
Domestic violence is a type of domestic abuse that involves physical violence.
Domestic violence is a very complex phenomenon.
Domestic violence is a very dangerous thing to deal with.
Domestic violence is a vicious crime.
Domestic violence is a violent confrontation that explodes in the home between family members.
Domestic violence is a violent criminal breeding ground.
Domestic violence is a way of life for so many.
Domestic violence is a whole community to stop domestic violence.
Domestic violence is a woman's problem.
Domestic violence is a workplace concern.
Domestic violence is a workplace issue, but too many companies have yet to address it.
Domestic violence is about control.
Domestic violence is about power and control.
Domestic violence is about the abuse of power and it's about treating other people as things.
Domestic violence is abuse between family members or related persons.
Domestic violence is abuse between married or unmarried partners.
Domestic violence is abuse by a caregiver, a parent, a spouse or an intimate partner.
Domestic violence is abuse by a spouse or an intimate partner.
Domestic violence is abuse that happens in a personal relationship.
Domestic Violence is abuse within a family or intimate relationship.
Domestic violence is abuse, manipulation and control that is unwanted by the victim.
Domestic violence is abusive, criminal behavior.
Domestic violence is against the law in Hawaii and most other states.
Domestic violence is against the law.
Domestic violence is all about control.
Domestic violence is all too common in American families.
Domestic violence is also a workplace issue.
Domestic violence is also more common among couples who cohabit.
Domestic violence is also widespread.
Domestic violence is always wrong and in many instances is a crime.
Domestic violence is an abuse of power.
Domestic violence is an abusive pattern of power and control.
Domestic violence is an area of concern where our collective voice is being raised.
Domestic violence is an entrenched and complex problem.
Domestic violence is an epidemic of major proportions.
Domestic violence is an equal opportunity crime.
Domestic violence is an equal opportunity phenomenon.
Domestic violence is an equality issue.
Domestic violence is an equal-opportunity crime.
Domestic violence is an equal-opportunity offender.
Domestic violence is an example of where women have suffered greatly.
Domestic violence is an extremely complex problem.
Domestic violence is an extremely serious and rampant problem.
Domestic violence is an important factor during a divorce to determine custody of children.
Domestic violence is an issue in a high percentage of the divorce, annulment or separation cases.
Domestic violence is an issue of safety for women and children worldwide.
Domestic violence is an issue that affects many families.
Domestic violence is an issue that is completely ignored in Russia.
Domestic violence is an offense against our institutional values.
Domestic violence is an unacknowledged epidemic in our society.
Domestic violence is another example of running red lights in our society.
Domestic violence is another major item on the Beijing agenda.
Domestic violence is another potential problem that can spill over into the workplace.
Domestic violence is another problem faced by many Israeli women, both religious and secular.
Domestic violence is any emotional, physical or sexual abuse by a family member, often by a partner.
Domestic violence is at an all time high.
Domestic violence is at an all-time high.
Domestic violence is behavior that attempts to control the victim in one or more ways.
Domestic violence is believed to be the most common and least reported crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is believed to be the most common but least reported crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is believed to be the most common yet least reported crime in our nation.
Domestic violence is believed to be the most common yet least reported crime in the country.
Domestic violence is believed to be the most common, but least reported, crime in our nation.
Domestic violence is caused by a person choosing to use violence.
Domestic violence is caused by alcohol.
Domestic violence is certainly more than people understand.
Domestic violence is certainly one of our biggest problems.
Domestic violence is common.
Domestic violence is complicated for many reasons.
Domestic violence is costly, both in human and organizational terms.
Domestic violence is cyclical, from explosion to remorse to explosion.
Domestic violence is date rape plus harassment, vandalism and stalking.
Domestic violence is destructive behavior intended to control others.
Domestic violence is different and far removed from other forms of abuse.
Domestic violence is diseases.
Domestic Violence is embedded in our social structure and customs.
Domestic violence is epidemic in the American family.
Domestic violence is equally tragic.
Domestic violence is everybody's business .
Domestic violence is everybody's business, but it has no business in Australia.
Domestic violence is everybody's business.
Domestic violence is everybody's problem and everybody needs to be part of the solution.
Domestic violence is everybody's problem.
Domestic violence is everyone's business.
Domestic violence is everyone's concern.
Domestic violence is everyone's problem.
Domestic violence is everywhere.
Domestic violence is expensive, and everyone who buys insurance or medical care helps pay for it.
Domestic violence is family violence.
Domestic violence is far more prevalent among mixed couples than among whites.
Domestic violence is far more than just spousal abuse.
Domestic violence is fundamentally a power issue.
Domestic violence is handled in peacemaking at the victim's choice.
Domestic violence is high as a result of forced marriages and the brutalisation of society.
Domestic violence is illegal.
Domestic Violence is in all of our communities.
Domestic violence is incompatible with our core values of honor, courage and commitment.
Domestic violence is infrequent.
Domestic violence is insanity of the worst sort.
Domestic violence is insidious because very often it happens behind closed doors.
Domestic violence is intentional and instrumental behaviour.
Domestic Violence is Intergenerational and Self-perpetuating.
Domestic violence is irrelevant to parental fitness.
Domestic violence is Islamically wrong.
Domestic violence is just a slap or a push.
Domestic violence is kept secret.
Domestic violence is labeled the largest human rights violation affecting women and girls globally.
Domestic violence is learned and generational.
Domestic violence is learned behavior.
Domestic violence is lethal and common.
Domestic violence is lethal for women and has no racial, religious, social, or economic boundaries.
Domestic violence is like the loudest person in customer service.
Domestic violence is many different types of abuse.
Domestic violence is more prevalent in lower and upper middle classes than in the poor families.
Domestic violence is more than a series of isolated physical attacks.
Domestic violence is more than the occasional family dispute.
Domestic violence is much more common than most people realise.
Domestic violence is much more common than most people realize.
Domestic violence is much more than just a slap or a black eye.
Domestic violence is multi-generational.
Domestic violence is never the fault of the one being hurt.
Domestic violence is never the victim's fault.
Domestic violence is no different then alcoholism, or drug dependency.
Domestic violence is no laughing matter.
Domestic violence is no less a hot-potato issue in Canada.
Domestic violence is no longer a private matter, but a community and social concern.
Domestic violence is no small problem.
Domestic violence is now a significant factor in New York custody cases.
Domestic violence is of course completely unacceptable.
Domestic violence is of great concern, and discrimination against women is still widespread.
Domestic Violence is often a long term situation.
Domestic violence is often invisible in the lives of people with disabilities.
Domestic violence is on the increase.
Domestic violence is on the rise in Singapore.
Domestic violence is on the rise in Washington County and throughout the region.
Domestic Violence is on the rise world wide.
Domestic violence is one of the largest categories of calls to police.
Domestic violence is one of the leading causes for homelessness.
Domestic violence is one of the leading causes of injury to women.
Domestic violence is one of the least reported crimes in America.
Domestic violence is one of the most common crimes committed, but one of the least reported.
Domestic violence is one of the most common of all crimes in the United States.
Domestic violence is one of the most pervasive, yet under-reported, crimes in America.
Domestic violence is one of the most serious epidemics facing health care professionals today.
Domestic violence is one of the most serious problems in our society today.
Domestic violence is one of the pressing issues facing Ohio's families today.
Domestic violence is only physical abuse.
Domestic violence is passed down from generation to generation.
Domestic violence is physical or emotional abuse that happens between partners.
Domestic violence is physical, mental, sexual or emotional abuse in an intimate relationship.
Domestic violence is prevalent among all socioeconomic classes.
Domestic violence is prevalent throughout the region, according to participants.
Domestic violence is prevalent throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, etc.
Domestic violence is primarily abuse done by men on women.
Domestic violence is probably the most common form of violence today.
Domestic violence is progressive.
Domestic violence is rampant in America.
Domestic violence is rampant.
Domestic violence is rare.
Domestic violence is real and it affects people's lives everyday.
Domestic violence is recognized as a crime in all states.
Domestic violence is recognized as an issue with significant medical consequences, including death.
Domestic violence is reportedly common, and there are credible reports of trafficking of women.
Domestic violence is reportedly fairly widespread.
Domestic violence is reportedly relatively common.
Domestic violence is reportedly widespread.
Domestic violence is rooted in a long history of oppression.
Domestic violence is said to take place most often in the home.
Domestic violence is second only to car accidents as a cause for female emergency room visits.
Domestic violence is serious.
Domestic violence is shockingly pervasive in our society today.
Domestic violence is statistically consistent across racial and ethnic lines.
Domestic violence is statistically consistent across racial and ethnical lines.
Domestic violence is still a hush-hush issue in the Middle East.
Domestic violence is still prevalent in our country, in our state and in our community.
Domestic violence is still very prevalent, and directly effects many of our children.
Domestic violence is strictly a man thing.
Domestic violence is such a major factor in todays society.
Domestic violence is supported by societal indifference.
Domestic violence is the beating of a victim.
Domestic violence is the breeding place for social violence.
Domestic violence is the extreme expression of the belief in male dominance over women.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of emergency room visits by women.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of homelessness among women with children.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of homelessness among women.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury among women in the United States today.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury and homicide among American women.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury for women in the United States.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury for women worldwide.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury of women.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women in America.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women in the United States.
Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women.
Domestic violence is the least likely violent crime to be reported to the police.
Domestic violence is the main cause of injury to women treated at hospital emergency rooms.
Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women in our society.
Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women.
Domestic violence is the most common form of assault in Australia.
Domestic violence is the most common form of assault.
Domestic violence is the most common form of violence and needs to be made a public issue .
Domestic violence is the most common form of violence in Australia.
Domestic violence is the most common violent crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is the most frequently occurring and underreported crime in the nation.
Domestic violence is the most prevalent form of discrimination against women.
Domestic violence is the most under-reported crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is the most underreported crime.
Domestic violence is the most unreported crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is the most unreported crime other than child abuse and sexual abuse.
Domestic violence is the nation's leading cause of injury to women.
Domestic violence is the number one cause of emergency room visits by women.
Domestic Violence is the number one cause of injury to women in America.
Domestic violence is the picture most people have.
Domestic violence is the result of retaliation.
Domestic violence is the single largest cause of injury to women.
Domestic violence is the single major cause of injury to women in the United States.
Domestic violence is the single most underreported crime in the United States.
Domestic violence is the sole responsibility of the abuser.
Domestic violence is the subject of our first article.
Domestic violence is the third largest health problem facing gays in America. happens here.
Domestic violence is thought be more common among the immigrant population.
Domestic violence is thought to be more prevalent among immigrant women than among U.S. citizens.
Domestic violence is totally unacceptable in Canada.
Domestic violence is totally unacceptable.
Domestic violence is tragic when it occurs.
Domestic violence is unacceptable human behaviour.
Domestic violence is under-reported to the authorities, certainly.
Domestic violence is usually a one-time event, an isolated incident.
Domestic violence is very common.
Domestic violence is very dangerous.
Domestic violence is viewed as contrary to the best interests of the child.
Domestic violence is violence committed against one person by another person of the same household.
Domestic Violence is violence in the home.
Domestic violence is violence
Domestic violence is violence.
Domestic violence is when abuse occurs in relationships between two or more intimates.
Domestic violence is widespread and occurs among all socioeconomic groups.
Domestic violence is widespread throughout our society.
Domestic violence is widespread, and abused women have no recourse.
Domestic violence is widespread, and considered a family issue.
Domestic violence is widespread.
Domestic violence is wrong because it is violence against another human being, period.
Domestic violence jeopardizes the employment and financial security of many Washington workers.
Domestic violence knows know gender, socio-economic, cultural, religious boundaries.
Domestic violence knows no age or gender.
Domestic violence knows no boundaries and has no rules.
Domestic violence knows no boundaries of class, creed, religion, educational, or economic level.
Domestic violence knows no boundaries.
Domestic Violence knows no boundaries.
Domestic violence knows no bounds.
Domestic violence knows no geographic boundaries.
Domestic violence knows no socioeconomic boundaries.
Domestic violence leaves a terrible trail of broken lives.
Domestic violence leaves deep and lasting wounds.
Domestic violence makes no distinctions in terms of education level, social status or religion.
Domestic violence needs attention.
Domestic violence needs to be taken seriously and treated as a crime in criminal court.
Domestic Violence Needs to Stop.
Domestic violence occurs a. only in low-income households.
Domestic violence occurs across all ages, and happens too frequently in the context of teen dating.
Domestic violence occurs across all cultures, ages, ethnic groups and social classes.
Domestic violence occurs across all socioeconomic and demographic boundaries.
Domestic violence occurs across the economic board.
Domestic violence occurs among all ages, races, and religions.
Domestic violence occurs among all kinds of people.
Domestic violence occurs among all races and socioeconomic groups.
Domestic violence occurs among all races, ages, and religions.
Domestic violence occurs among all races, ages, religious, and socio-economic groups.
Domestic violence occurs among all races, religions and socioeconomic groups.
Domestic violence occurs among every race,ethnic group and socio-economic level.
Domestic violence occurs at least once in two-thirds of all marriages.
Domestic violence occurs between both married.
Domestic violence occurs equally across all sectors of society.
Domestic violence occurs in all ages, races, genders and social classes.
Domestic violence occurs in all economic, cultural, racial, and religious groups.
Domestic violence occurs in all parts of society regardless of race or economic status.
Domestic violence occurs in all social and economic groups.
Domestic violence occurs in all types of families, races and religions.
Domestic violence occurs in every economic class, race, and ethnic group.
Domestic violence occurs in every part of our society.
Domestic violence occurs in families of all races, economic, and social backgrounds.
Domestic violence occurs in families regardless of nationality, race or employment.
Domestic violence occurs in many, many relationships where there are children present.
Domestic violence occurs in one in four families in Australia.
Domestic violence occurs in one out of five South Asian families, experts estimate.
Domestic violence occurs in relationships of all races, religions, economic and social backgrounds.
Domestic violence occurs mostly in heterosexual, low income, and ethnic families.
Domestic violence occurs regardless of the age of the person or their socio-economic status.
Domestic violence occurs when a relationship is based on power and control.
Domestic violence occurs within all races, religions, age, income, and economic groups.
Domestic violence occurs within every social strata and among every race, and it is serious.
Domestic violence pervades all socio-economic classes.
Domestic violence plagues many African families.
Domestic violence plagues women and girls throughout the world.
Domestic violence plays an increasingly disruptive role in the workplace.
Domestic violence provides a stark, vivid example of the slow conversion process.
Domestic violence puts children at risk.
Domestic violence puts children directly and indirectly at risk for later violent behavior.
Domestic violence ranges from mildly abusive actions to severely violent, life threatening behavior.
Domestic violence ranges from mildly abusive actions to severely violent, life-threatening behavior.
Domestic violence ranks as one of the nation's most expensive health problems.
Domestic violence refers to all crimes between family members.
Domestic violence refers to violence in intimate relationships.
Domestic violence remains a problem.
Domestic violence remains a widespread problem.
Domestic violence remains entrenched.
Domestic violence remains widespread, however.
Domestic violence requires caution and back up.
Domestic violence respects no class or culture, income or age groups.
Domestic violence restraining orders are free.
Domestic violence rips apart a young woman's life in a tiny Illinois town.
Domestic violence runs in a cycle.
Domestic violence shatters the lives of thousands of Australian families.
Domestic violence spills over into the workplace, too.
Domestic violence stems from the abuse of power and control.
Domestic violence takes a heavy toll on the victims, the family and the community.
Domestic violence takes a heavy toll, both in numbers of victims and the cost of healthcare.
Domestic violence takes a number of forms.
Domestic violence takes many forms.
Domestic violence takes on many forms.
Domestic violence tears at the very fabric of American society.
Domestic violence tends to be repeated in successive generations.
Domestic violence tends to become more frequent and severe over time.
Domestic Violence tends to follow a cycle of three phases.
Domestic violence tends to get worse and more frequent over time.
Domestic violence tends to get worse over time.
Domestic violence tends to progress over time, increasing in frequency, severity and lethality.
Domestic violence tends to recur and increase in severity over time.
Domestic Violence tends to recur and increase with severity over time.
Domestic violence terrorizes children.
Domestic violence threatens life and dignity, especially of women and children.
Domestic violence threatens the health and safety of too many Texas families.
Domestic violence threatens to reach epidemic proportions in the United States.
Domestic violence thrives on the inequality of women.
Domestic violence touches every segment of American society.
Domestic violence transcends all ethnic, racial, and socioeconomic boundaries.
Domestic violence transcends all socio-economic, cultural and educational backgrounds.
Domestic violence transcends cultural boundaries.
Domestic Violence transcends racial, age and socioeconomic boundaries.
Domestic Violence works on ways to improve physician education in the area of domestic violence.
Most domestic violence is committed against women by their male partners.
Most domestic violence is emotional and verbal in nature.
Most domestic violence is perpetrated against children, and most often the perpetrator is female.
Domestic wastes consist essentially of organic materials, which are composted in the gardens.
Most domestic waste ends up in legal or illegal landfills.
Domestic wastewater is generated from residential, commercial, institutional and public buildings.
Domestic wastewater is treated and used for underground irrigation of landscaping.
Domestic wastewater is water from our sinks, toilets and washing machines.
Domestic wastewater refers to liquid wastes from kitchen and bathrooms.
Domestic water can become unsafe to drink if proper hygiene measures are neglected.
Domestic water comes from one of two wells located at the ranch headquarters.
Domestic water is heated by a solar-thermal water heater.
Domestic water is supplied to most residences in the city through a public distribution system.
Many domestic wells have submersible electric pumps.
Most domestic wells are shallow wells, located in unconfined aquifers .
Domestic wines are also available from retail wine stores in most of our larger cities.
Domestic wool blend solid color.
Domestic work can be as hazardous as labour outside the home.
Domestic work continues to be the principal source of employment for women.
Domestic work is done at no cost to capitalism.
Domestic work is our speciality.
Domestic work refers to unpaid work about the house, excluding most child care and shopping.
Most domestic work is done by women.
Domestic workers are now eligible for enrollment in the national social security system.
Domestic workers are the most invisible of all.
Domestic workers face similar problems.
Domestic workers is another large sector of the community who fall into abusive work situations.
Domestic workers obtain protection under minimum wage law.
Domestic workers remain a ubiquitous part of the white world, and yet they never fully belong to it.
Domestic workers struggle for life.
Many domestic workers are Filipina.
Many domestic workers are foreign nationals who are frequently ill-treated by their employers.
Many domestic workers are live-in domestics.
Many domestic workers live in their employers ' homes .
Some domestic workers look after children or elderly people and feed pets.
Domestic yak are more varied in colors than wild yak.
Domestic yak are smaller, have a less shaggy coat, and probably originated from wild Tibetan yak.
Domestic yak are used for travel and as draft animals.
Domestic yaks are about the same size as ordinary cattle.
Domestic yaks are smaller and are colored red, mottled, brown or black.
Domestic yaks have coats.
Domestic yaks have shaggy coats.
Domestic yaks live for years.
Domestic yaks make grunt noise.
Domestic yaks make noise.
Most domestic yaks have coats.
Most domestic yaks have shaggy coats.
Most domestic yaks live for years.
Most domestic yaks make grunt noise.
Most domestic yaks make noise.
Some domestic yaks are white.
A domestic is a servant
Domestics are already the lowest paid migrant workers in the country.
Domestics are safe at home doing ordinary things under watchful adult supervision.
Domestics are servants.
Domestics get to know each other.
Domestics outnumber wild poplulations.
Domestics require supervision to ensure personal cleanliness and suitable performance.
Many domestics fail to report abuse for fear of deportation.
Domesticate animals gain importance.
Domesticate animals have capacity.
Domesticate animals live in habitats.
Most domesticate animals gain importance.
Most domesticate animals have capacity.
Most domesticate animals live in habitats.
Domesticate birds make life.
Most domesticate birds make life.
Domesticate dogs take roles.
Most domesticate dogs take roles.
Some domesticate goldfishes live in outdoor ponds.
Some domesticate goldfishes live in ponds.
Some domesticate horses inhabit plots.
Domesticate mammals possess vision.
Most domesticate mammals possess vision.
Domesticate pigs live in barns.
Most domesticate pigs live in barns.
Domesticate rabbits eat grass.
Most domesticate rabbits eat grass.
Domesticate reindeer have legs.
Most domesticate reindeer have legs.
Domesticate sunflowers have stems.
Domesticate sunflowers produce hairy leaves.
Domesticate sunflowers produce leaves.
Most domesticate sunflowers produce hairy leaves.
Most domesticate sunflowers produce leaves.
Domesticate yaks have ranges.
Domesticate yaks survive few years.
Domesticate yaks survive years.
Most domesticate yaks have ranges.
Most domesticate yaks survive few years.
Domesticated cows are relatively calm animals but they are spooked by unexpected events.
Domesticated cows tend to be confined to large, fenced pastures.
Domesticated ferrets are used for hunting , or can be kept as pets .
Domesticated ferrets are used for hunting, or can be kept as pets.
Domesticated mice are much more attractive than typical field mice.
Domesticated pets are the most common types of pet.
Domestication of animals is a good thing.
Domestication of animals is an example of a symbiotic relationship.
Domestication demands diversity and that is no less true for fish than for poultry or maize.
Domestication generally involves selective breeding and control of reproduction.
Domestication implies an animal which is born unafraid of humans.
Domestication is a key concept when it comes to understanding the development of agriculture.
Domestication is a process that happens over many generations of selective breeding.
Domestication is a process that has taken an extended period to have a unique economic importance.
Domestication is a process where humans help decide the selection process.
Domestication is a process.
Domestication is accompanied by allometric changes in the endocrine glands.
Domestication is adaptation.
Domestication is adjustment.
Domestication is an evolutionary process under the influence of man.
Domestication is another issue.
Domestication is different from taming.
Domestication is flexibility
Domestication is the managing of a species' evolution through breeding.
Domestication is when an organism is trained or adapted to live with people.
Domestication isa process.
Domestication limits the horse's space.
Domestication occurs when humans begin to control the reproduction of plants and animals.
Domestication refers to an entire species.
Domestication refers to the process of bringing wild species under human management.
Domestications also carries home decor items, rugs, wall paper, lamps and more.
Domestication frequently works changes in the periodicity of reproduc- tion.
Domestication often changes the appearance and behavior of the organism.
Some domestication explains success.
Some domestication reduces ability.
Some domestication takes places.
A domesticity is quality
Domesticities are activities.
Domesticities are quality.
Domesticity has an important environmental component due to epistasis.
Domesticity is in the composition of the south exposure.
Domesticity is the taproot which enables the nation to branch wide and high.
Domesticity is tiring, at least for men it is.
Domesticity takes a devilish turn for a powerless dreamer.
Domichnial traces are burrows used principally for dwelling as opposed to feeding.
Domicile address is needed.
A domicile is a residence
Domicile continues until another permanent home or principal establishment is established.
Domicile denotes a person s true, fixed, and permanent home and place of habitation.
Domicile implies permanent rather than temporary residence.
Domicile is a complex issue.
Domicile is a concept peculiar to English law.
Domicile is a matter of intent.
Domicile is a person's existing and intended fixed, permanent, and principal place of residence.
Domicile is a question of fact to be determined by the finder of fact.
Domicile is a stronger concept, and harder to change, than one's residence.
Domicile is distinct from nationality or residence.
Domicile is where one lives and has a permanent home and has the intention of returning when absent.
Domicile is where one lives, has a permanent home, and has the intention of returning when absent.
Domicile requires residence as well as an intention to make such residence one s permanent home.
Domiciles are residences.
Domiciliary intent means present intent to remain indefinitely.
Domiciliary patients wear their own clothes and are responsible for personal laundry needs.
Dominance hierarchies are common in social animals.
Dominance hierarchies are observed in both sexes.
Dominance hierarchies avoid violence for the most part, but the threat of violence is ever present.
Dominance hierarchies reduce the number of hopeful reproductives in polygynous queenless ants.
Dominance hierarchy is important among bulls in rut, and among cows with calves.
Dominance interaction includes displacement.
Dominance also pertains to sea and ground activities.
Dominance appears to have a strong genetic factor.
Dominance attracts attention.
Dominance basically refers to some form of power over others established through intimidation.
Dominance carries benefits for both sexes in terms of survival and reproduction.
Dominance comes from superb bloodlines both in the show pen and the breeding barn.
Dominance demands impartiality.
Dominance demands investment in journalism.
Dominance emerges quickly.
Dominance expresses the thematic statement.
Dominance has to do with phenotype.
Dominance has very little use in bird training.
Dominance hierarchies clearly benefit the dominant individual.
Dominance implies a mastery of the situation, superiority is only an edge.
Dominance is a chip placed for life on certain dogs' shoulders.
Dominance is a descriptive term for the relationships between pairs of individuals.
Dominance is a desirable situation, as opposed to other sports.
Dominance is a desire to run things.
Dominance is a fact of life in chimpanzee society.
Dominance is a little known narcotic.
Dominance is a partial order and can be used to represent scope relations.
Dominance is a property
Dominance is achieved mainly by display of the horns and threatening gestures.
Dominance is also power and influence.
Dominance is always on.
Dominance is an attribute of the lowest node to which a security policy is applied.
Dominance is an economic concept which is difficult to define.
Dominance is an effect observable with a single mutant allele.
Dominance is an example of a genetic phenomenon.
Dominance is asserted and maintained by social signals and displays.
Dominance is based on size, the female being the largest and the male being the second largest.
Dominance is comprehensive.
Dominance is conditions.
Dominance is control oriented.
Dominance is decisive.
Dominance is determined by fighting ability, and the victor is the highest ranking individual.
Dominance is dull.
Dominance is dynamic in nature.
Dominance is established by display of the horns and threatening gestures.
Dominance is expressed by biting, ramming, and tail slapping.
Dominance is gained when one male submits.
Dominance is important to bucks.
Dominance is maintained by ritualistic threat displays.
Dominance is maintained through aggressive interaction and vocalizing.
Dominance is maintained through aggressive interaction.
Dominance is most evident in research and innovation.
Dominance is no excuse for laziness or mental cruelty.
Dominance is no longer a necessity in negotiating a seven-figure contract.
Dominance is proactive.
Dominance is right, dominance works and that's the problem.
Dominance is the most difficult of all dog traits to correct.
Dominance is the rule - profit and payoff.
Dominance is variable and typically patchy.
Dominance is very important to bucks.
Dominance is very important to the male deer.
Dominance isa property.
Dominance lasts for one day or until a critical situation occurs.
Dominance leads to more food and better mates, which results in more offspring.
Dominance leads to stagnation, which is ultimately bad.
Dominance means heterozygotes and some homozygotes look alike.
Dominance means that the dominant allele masks the effect of recessive allele.
Dominance refers to expression of an allele within an individual organism.
Dominance See status-related aggression .
Dominance seems to be due to some element which is wanting in the recessive.
Dominance suggests quality.
Dominance takes a while to inititate, but the best dictators have started small.
Most dominance attracts attention.
Most dominance suggests quality.
A dominant allele is a factor
Dominant alleles are alleles.
Dominant alleles can cause genetic disease.
Dominant alleles mask the expression of recessive ones.
All dominant alleles are in coupling phase.
Some dominant alleles are deleterious or neutral.
Dominant animals tend to have a lower fear level than subordinate animals.
Dominant animals tend to lead a group of animals.
Dominant aspect is northerly and southerly.
Dominant ataxia is passed on as a dominant hereditary disease.
Dominant birds stay lean during the day, then pack on the fat just before a chilly winter night.
Some dominant bitches can become more aggressive.
Dominant boars defend ranges.
Dominant boars mark places.
Dominant breeds are especially prone to protecting their environment.
Dominant bucks have territory.
Most dominant bucks have territory.
Dominant bulls defend cows.
Dominant bulls defend spatial territory.
Dominant bulls defend territory.
Dominant bulls have mates.
Dominant bulls occupy territories which they defend by aggressive posturing and even fights.
Dominant bulls occupy territory.
Dominant bulls sire offspring.
Dominant bulls struggle to keep their harems together while being tested by new rivals.
Most dominant bulls defend cows.
Most dominant bulls defend spatial territory.
Most dominant bulls defend territory.
Most dominant bulls have mates.
Most dominant bulls occupy territory.
Most dominant bulls sire offspring.
Some dominant bulls rely on bulls.
Dominant colors are olive and eggplant, the latter most visible on the cushy, suede-covered chairs.
Dominant colors used are the papal colors of yellow and white, accented by the color blue.
Dominant component is intangible.
Dominant crops are corn, small grains, hay and vegetables with some pasture and fruit trees.
Dominant cultures define who is primitive and who is civilized.
Dominant cultures destroy or take over landscape monuments of dominated cultures.
Dominant depravity is taught to medical students as the correct way to view the birth process.
Dominant discharge relates the ability of rivers to carry water.
Dominant diseases are caused by mutation.
Dominant diseases are monogenic disorders that involve damage to only one gene copy.
Most dominant diseases are caused by mutation.
Dominant disorders are quite variable, with symptoms ranging from none to severe.
Dominant disorders can vary widely in terms of the severity of the symptoms.
Dominant dogs determine how a pack is to react to an approaching stranger.
Dominant dogs eat first and get their pick.
Dominant dogs make wonderful pets.
Dominant dogs tend to object the most.
Dominant environmental factors influence diatom distribution.
Dominant environmental factors influence distribution.
Dominant factors influence diatom distribution.
Dominant factors influence distribution.
Most dominant factors influence diatom distribution.
Some dominant factors affect trends.
Some dominant factors control abundances.
Some dominant factors control clam abundances.
Some dominant factors determine types.
Dominant females evict subordinate females and dominant males chase out subordinate males.
Dominant females inherit the territory of their parents, while males leave their natal territory.
Dominant females lead the groups out foraging, decide which direction and sleeping burrows to take.
Dominant females leave more surviving young on average than subordinate ones.
Dominant females produce more sons.
Dominant firms participate in markets.
Dominant firms pursue innovation strategies.
Dominant firms pursue strategies.
Dominant firms take advantage.
Most dominant firms participate in markets.
Most dominant firms pursue innovation strategies.
Most dominant firms pursue strategies.
Most dominant firms take advantage.
Some dominant firms become sources.
Dominant fish caught are the high valued yellow-fin tuna, marlin, round scad, skipjack and others.
Dominant fish tend to feed better, grow faster and be the most aggressive.
Dominant flavor is the mix.
Dominant flavor is turpentine.
Dominant focus is on cash flow based lending.
Some dominant forces hit patches.
Dominant function is the grouping with the maximum positive continuity towards the tonic.
A dominant gene is a factor
Dominant genes are easy to get rid of, while recessive ones are difficult.
Dominant genes are genes.
Dominant genes have a stronger effect than recessive genes.
Dominant genes mask, hide, or overpower the trait of the recessive gene.
Dominant genes occur more frequently than recessive ones.
Dominant genes prevail over normal copies.
Most dominant genes express themselves completely.
Dominant grasses are little bluestem, side-oats grama, Indian grass, and northern dropseed.
Dominant groups claim a natural legitimacy for their readings, of course.
All dominant groups use it to retain power.
Dominant hand hold another weapon and attack with it when another hand catch enemy's weapon.
Dominant hierarchies do exist among females.
Dominant horses make threatening movements towards subordinate herd members.
Dominant individuals can be dog-aggressive.
Dominant individuals gain preferential access to resources such as food, territories and mates.
Dominant individuals have priority of access to important resources.
Dominant individuals make calls to announce their presence and location.
Dominant industry is agriculture.
Dominant inheritance means an abnormal gene from one parent can cause disease.
Dominant inheritance means one copy of the abnormal gene is sufficient to cause disease.
Dominant inheritance means that one copy of an abnormal gene is enough to cause disease.
Dominant lithologies are clay with variable concentrations of nannofossils.
Dominant magma is andesitic - much assimilation.
Dominant majorities are usually insensitive to others.
Dominant male is the leader of the group.
Dominant males are noticeably larger than submissive males and are much more active scent markers.
Dominant males are sometimes aggressive towards other adult males as well as towards juvenile males.
Dominant males avoid breeding with their own daughters who are members of the troop .
Dominant males avoid breeding with their own daughters who are members of the troop.
Dominant males claim females in estrus, but are challenged by other males.
Dominant males defend territories from which they exclude other males.
Dominant males defend their harems against other males.
Dominant males distend their red throat wattles, raise their skin hackles, and turn black.
Dominant males drive off competing bucks for the right to breed.
Dominant males eat first, females second, and the cubs feed on whatever remains.
Dominant males expend a considerable amount of energy.
Dominant males have a lot of influence over what lower males do.
Dominant males have mating rights to all females in their ranges during the breeding season.
Dominant males maintain their status until they're defeated by younger males in challenges.
Dominant males mark everything, even in the house, even if their bladders are empty.
Dominant males mate with multiple females.
Dominant males tend to be larger as adults, and hierarchies among subordinate males are indistinct.
Dominant minerals are olivine, pyroxene, anorthite, and minor amounts of ilmenite.
Most dominant module is wing cutticle.
Dominant mutation affects metamorphosis.
Dominant mutation results in abnormal bone growth.
Dominant mutation results in abnormal growth.
Dominant mutation results in bone growth.
Dominant mutation results in growth.
Most dominant mutation affects metamorphosis.
Some dominant mutation affects chromosome inheritances.
Some dominant mutation affects development.
Some dominant mutation affects inheritances.
Some dominant mutation causes problems.
Dominant pairs tend to mate for life.
Dominant phyla show differences.
Most dominant phyla show differences.
Dominant plants are short to fairly tall junciform species of low prairies and wet meadows.
Dominant plants form the canopy.
Dominant plants include beeches.
Dominant plants try to tag submissive plants before they run behind the cord on their side.
Dominant players can potentially squeeze their suppliers as well as their customers.
Dominant players have to learn how to avoid price wars and costly standards battles.
Dominant predators live in oceans.
Most dominant predators live in oceans.
Some dominant producers create habitats.
Dominant progressions appear as lines descending from left to right.
Dominant providers continue to vary by region.
Dominant rams can have too much of a good thing.
Dominant rams lose out by sperm depletion.
Dominant religions stress male prerogotive.
Dominant shrub is creosote bush.
Dominant side has better development and good follow-through movement in walking and running.
Dominant Silvers can possess a variable body color, from dark grey to very pale silver.
Dominant soils are rocky, podzolized, pink sandy loams.
Dominant soils are silty clay loams, silt loams, or clay loams formed in loess and till.
Most dominant sound is the hum from the ventilation system of a nearby chocolate plant.
More dominant sows pass through the feed station leaving the timid ones easier access later on.
Dominant species are beech, maple, cherry, ash, birch and hemlock.
Dominant species are blue grama grass, western wheatgrass, and various needlegrasses .
Dominant species are Hawaii Island sedge and prickly sedge.
Dominant species are porcupine grass and Canada blue-joint grass.
Dominant species are white cedar, black ash, black spruce, tamarack, alder, and willow.
Dominant species lists the larger plants that are most likely to be seen.
Dominant species shift in order from year to year probably in response to timing of recruitment.
Dominant species vary between areas and habitat types.
Dominant strategy is the most persuasive notion of equilibrium known to game theorists.
Dominant strings are bright and responsive and are by far the most popular.
Dominant strings are the most popular strings in the world.
Dominant tenement has the benefit of the easement.
Dominant textures are sandy loam, loam, or silt loam, with thin strata of loamy sand or sand.
Dominant themes are customer service and savings for patrons.
Dominant thinkers trust logic and strive to be objective.
Dominant training breaks the spiritual link of mutual respect between man and man's best friend.
Dominant traits require only one gene from either parent to get the illness.
Dominant trees are oaks and chestnuts etc.
Dominant trees are silver maple, green ash, cottonwood, swamp white oak, and American elm.
Dominant trees are the largest trees in the forest stand.
Dominant trees are the tallest trees in the stand.
Dominant trees are white and red pines which form a canopy over white spruce and balsam fir.
Dominant trees drop leaves.
Dominant trees grow in height.
Most dominant trees drop leaves.
Most dominant trees grow in height.
Some dominant trees produce seeds.
Some dominant trees support growth.
Dominant use is for range.
Dominant use is rangeland and wildlife habitat.
Dominant use is woodland.
Dominant values are material success and progress, money and things.
Dominant vegetation consists of tall trees.
Dominant vegetation includes palo verde, saguaro cactus, and ironwood.
Dominant vegetation includes vast reedbeds and seasonally flooded forest.
Dominant vegetation is sagebrush-bunchgrass steppe.
Dominant vegetation is shadscale, white bursage, spiny menodora and fourwing saltbush.
Some dominant vegetation includes alders.
Some dominant vegetation includes tag alders.
Dominant wavelength is a colorimetric measurement from a chromaticity diagram.
Dominant white is pleiotropic, epistatic, and has variable expression.
All dominant women do.
A dominant is a note
Dominants are at just as much risk as submissives.
Dominants are better than submissives.
Dominants are notes.
Dominants can steal food from subordinates.
Dominants displace subordinates.
Dominants modify the environment and affect the other members in the community.
Dominarian goblins are the most commonly-seen goblins.
Domination becomes their most prevalent style of interaction.
Domination begins with the defensive line.
Domination consists of two to four teams trying to take control of three areas of the map.
Domination creates counter-intentions.
Domination exists where it is perceived.
Domination involves securing territory throughout the level, aided by team gameplay.
Domination is a brand new gametype - completely original and very fun.
Domination is a different type of team game.
Domination is a right, exploitation a contract, organisation an order of things.
Domination is a treasure.
Domination is about controlling the game in a specific manner.
Domination is about pleasure, a mutual pleasure.
Domination is about the same thing as control.
Domination is achieved through subordination of the supposedly lesser entity.
Domination is also characteristic of xenophobia, racism and nationalism.
Domination is anticipated.
Domination is dominance.
Domination is domination.
Domination is high on the list.
Domination is slightly different.
Domination is social control
Domination is social control.
Domination is viewed as the appropriate role for men and subordination the role for women.
Domination is what they got.
Domination means nothing without submission.
Domination means that one or two categories account for about half or more of all forums.
Domination rewards players well for grabbing points.
Domination seems to work better with maps that are medium or small.
Dominations are the channel of mercy.
Dominations Look no further.
A dominatrix is a woman
Dominatrixes are a little wierd.
Dominica isa thing.
Dominican amber is found in a wide range of colors, and generally is translucent.
Dominican amber is used extensively also.
Dominican architects show imagination and beauty in design.
Dominican boys begin playing it almost as soon as they can walk.
Most Dominican businesspeople speak English, but communication in Spanish is desirable.
Dominican cardinals try alleged heretics with no legal counsel.
Dominican clergy continue to have a strong influence.
Dominican cooking is easy and wholesome.
Dominican families are very conservative and protective of their children.
Dominican fare is pretty interesting.
Dominican friars are both apostolic and comtemplative.
Dominican kitchen is poor and culturally skilled to use all kind of ingredients and seasons at once.
Dominican law does allow Dominican citizens to be divorced by proxy.
Dominican legislation is founded in French legislation which originated in the Napoleonic Code.
Dominican missionaries begin working in Japan.
Dominican people enjoy their life very much and they really love to meet new people.
Dominican people have a different value system that is a complete constrast from the American ideal.
Dominican people have a similar ethnic mix.
Dominican prayers are characteristic when they are for others.
Dominican society is the cradle of blackness in the Americas.
Dominican teens devote most of their time during the week to homework.
Most Dominican tobacco is derived from Cuban seed varieties.
Dominican has (part) arms.
Dominican has (part) body substances.
Dominican has (part) cell membranes.
Dominican has (part) cells.
Dominican has (part) corpi.
Dominican has (part) cytoplasm.
Dominican has (part) heads.
Dominican has (part) human bodies.
Dominican has (part) legs.
Dominican has (part) material bodies.
Dominican has (part) necks.
Dominican has (part) nuclei.
Dominican has (part) personality.
Dominican has (part) plasma membranes.
Dominican has (part) sections.
Dominican has (part) vacuoles.
Dominican isa friar.
Dominion City serves as the main centre of the Rural Municipality of Franklin.
Dominion theology attempts to integrate religious doctrines into a form of political conservatism.
Dominion also finances and leases equipment acquisitions and existing equipment.
Dominion believes that high-quality education is the key component of economic growth.
Dominion describes itself as the nation s largest fully integrated electric and natural gas company.
Dominion has a separate division for commercial printing.
Dominion has extensive experience in thermal energy systems and the management of energy assets.
Dominion has two private brands.
Dominion incorporates the meaning of ruling, managing, processing, protecting, and so on.
Dominion indicates control, and scurrying indicates loss of control.
Dominion is a good novel.
Dominion is a help desk, and customer service software system.
Dominion is a New Zealand owned company.
Dominion is a point of view.
Dominion is a significant player in the evolving electrical markets.
Dominion is a small ensemble selected from the chorus.
Dominion is a type of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Dominion is a very frustrating book.
Dominion is an honor that provides a gentle hand that protects, respects and loves.
Dominion is an old word often heard to describe Canada when it was part of the British Empire.
Dominion is areas.
Dominion is authority to rule.
Dominion is control
Dominion is dominance.
Dominion is focused on meeting our customers' energy needs in an environmentally responsible manner.
Dominion is no longer the exception, it's the rule.
Dominion is one of the nation s leading energy producers.
Dominion is our cover school.
Dominion is poised for growth in the new energy marketplace currently taking shape.
Dominion is positioned to meet that increasing demand for energy.
Dominion is second and Co-op is third.
Dominion is states.
Dominion is the nation s largest fully integrated electric power and natural gas company.
Dominion is the nation's fourth largest fully integrated electric and gas utility.
Dominion is the nation's largest fully integrated electric power and natural gas company.
Dominion is transferred from one people to another because of the violence of the arrogant.
Dominion is very experienced in working with insurers and managed care companies.
Dominion matches a portion of the employee contribution.
Dominion means stewardship over nature.
Dominion means stewardship.
Dominion means superior strength.
Dominion offers a much more fleshed-out instrumentation.
Dominion participates in most major insurance and managed care health plans.
Dominion really means companionship and working together.
Dominion retains managing interest in the venture.
Dominion views the safety of customers and employees as a top priority.
More Dominique stories Click on down arrow . . .
A domino is a block
Domino add necessary HTML wrappers and perform the image conversions.
Domino also has a range of inks that can withstand steam sterilisation and remain the same colour.
Domino also provides a basis for Web and messaging application development.
Domino also provides a way to access the enterprise data on the back end.
Domino also supports advanced security through server authentication and data encryption.
Domino authenticates access rights using address books that define areas users can access.
Domino comes with some pre-written functionality.
Domino currently occupies at least four distinct market positions.
Domino explores the issues of identity, cultural isolation and the search for community.
Domino generates urls in all possible forms and shapes, often leading to the same content.
Domino Go Webserver .
Domino has a number of features to help with that.
Domino has a range of inks specifically designed for food packaging processes.
Domino has an excellent Help menu that is very easy to use because of the searching capability.
Domino has it in the bag.
Domino includes native web publishing and server replication facilities.
Domino incorporates technology for Web publishing, Web browsing, and managed access to the Internet.
Domino is a combination of three different core servers.
Domino is a new tool.
Domino is a poor Web server and a non-standard Web development environment.
Domino is a slut and proud of it.
Domino is a sweet boy with an excellent temperament.
Domino is a tremendous resource for student teams that work on cases and other projects.
Domino is a very tiny and friendly gelding.
Domino is a world leader in the manufacture of coding equipment used in a wide range of industries.
Domino is about access to information.
Domino is about people working together effectively.
Domino is also a very powerful, integrated, web applications server.
Domino is an application server.
Domino is helpful for real-time integration of enterprise data and applications.
Domino is larger than the Anatolian, short and cute birds.
Domino is multi-platform, has group scheduling and an application development platform.
Domino is now a plug-in option for discussion databases.
Domino is slower than many web servers.
Domino is the primary platform for collaborative projects and faculty-student tutorials.
Domino is the world's most successful groupware product.
Domino isa garment.
Domino keeps it all in sync.
Domino knows the characteristics and parameters of the stock.
Domino leads the laser community in the miniaturisation of gas laser technology.
Domino listens, neutral.
Domino manufactures industrial inkjet and laser printing equipment.
Domino needs to catch on in the dot-com set.
Domino offers full internet standards support for all the main protocols and services.
Domino placere non possunt.
Domino presents the poignant stories of six interracial peoples' quest to forge their own identity.
Domino provides a full complement of tools for creating and managing Web content.
Domino provides a powerful engine for communication and collaboration using standard Web browsers.
Domino provides a Web-enabled foundation for group collaboration and workflow.
Domino serves static information about the company, the products they carry and monthly specials.
Domino snarls inside.
Dominoes are a simple classroom resource packed with potential for group and whole-class activities.
Dominoes are also available in the form of packs of cards.
Dominoes are available after lunch.
Dominoes are slightly less so.
Dominoes come with a red cedar box, the box is lined in the bottom with felt.
Dominoes fall both ways.
Dominoes have (part) bands.
Dominoes have (part) button holes.
Dominoes have (part) collars.
Dominoes have (part) cuffs.
Dominoes have (part) hems.
Dominoes have (part) lap covering.
Dominoes have (part) pocket flaps.
Dominoes have (part) pockets.
Dominoes have (part) sections.
Dominoes have (part) skirts.
Dominoes have (part) sleeve.
Dominoes have (part) stripes.
Dominos are blocks.
Dominos are cloaks.
Dominos are excellent addition teachers.
Dominos are games.
Dominos are masks.
Dominos are table games.
Every domino covers a square of each color.
Some dominoes have a  side that is blank.
Some dominoes have a side that is blank .
Some don t believe their condition is serious enough to warrant medication.
Some don t come back at all.
Some don t give a hoot.
Some don t go to school at all, or so it seems.
Some don t know it.
Some don t seem to be affected, or take a frustrating long time to die.
Some don t smoke and have begged parents to stop.
Some don t speak English as their first language.
A don is a head
Dons are gentlemans.
Dons are heads.
Dons are in the house to provide leadership and counselling for the students.
Dons are in the houses to provide leadership and counselling for the students.
Dons are titles.
DONs are truly an important part of the weight loss prevention team.
Donate food stands and food bowls.
Donate leftover paints to a church or organization.
Donate teddy bears to a hospital.
Donation boxes are in place in the school office.
Donation boxes are in the black.
Donation boxes are in the student center, the gym, the fine arts building, and in the cafeteria.
Donation of blood is associated with reduced risk of myocardial infarction.
Donation are tax-deductible.
Donation becomes possible only after death is declared.
Donation can be especially comforting when the death is unexpected and the donor is young.
Donation can only take place if brain death is declared and family consent granted.
Donation come from individuals and corporations as well as business closeouts.
Donation costs nothing for the donor's family or estate.
Donation costs nothing to the donor s family or estate.
Donation costs nothing to the donor's family or estate.
Donation costs the donor family nothing.
Donation depends on an individual's willingness to give the gift of life.
Donation disfigures the body and delays the funeral.
Donation disfigures the body.
Donation drive for domain subscription succeeds.
Donation go to the local food pantry.
Donation has no effect on funeral arrangements.
Donation helps everyone - recipients, of course, but donor families too.
Donation involves a surgical procedure to remove the needed organs and tissues.
Donation is a gift of life or sight to others.
Donation is a gift of life, or sight, to others.
Donation is a gift
Donation is a gift.
Donation is a surgical procedure respectful of the body.
Donation is a word contrary to the spirit of offering and really inimical.
Donation is an act of faith, hope and charity.
Donation is an opportunity to help save a life or restore someone's sight.
Donation is an option only after death has been declared.
Donation is considered only when all lifesaving efforts have failed.
Donation is considered to be such an injury.
Donation is considered to be the ultimate humanitarian gift.
Donation is consistent with the beliefs and attitudes of all major religions.
Donation is consistent with the beliefs of all major religions.
Donation is entirely voluntary.
Donation is equal to face value of gift certificates purchased less any promotional offers.
Donation is for consulting services only, no cash value is applied.
Donation is free, supported by sponsors.
Donation is hinted at.
Donation is necessary.
Donation is optional.
Donation is painful for the donor's family.
Donation is painless and safe.
Donation is requested for use of room.
Donation is requested of adults.
Donation is requested.
Donation is suggested for others.
Donation is the giving of the body to a medical facility or school.
Donation is the key to transplant surgery.
Donation is very welcome.
Donation never occurs until death is certified.
Donation occurs after a loved one dies.
Donation occurs as an option when there is no longer medical treatment available.
Donation Pick Up Volunteers pick up food from local grocery stores and businesses on a daily basis.
Donation Send a donation, no matter how large or small.
Donation stems from company's counterfeit recoveries.
Donation View the parade of lighted boats on Lake Lure.
Donations Add an unlimited number of donations using either names or envelope numbers.
Donations Add Up The library benefits from many donations, large and small, throughout the year.
Donations also are welcome to help off-set the cost for students.
Donations also are welcome.
Donations also come to the library from used bookstores.
Donations also fund canine health education projects.
Donations also help pay expenses.
Donations also help toward community outreach and education events.
Donations also help with schooling, vocational training, medical assistance and needed supplies.
Donations also provide for habitat enrichment and exhibit improvements.
Donations also support World Vision's Christian witness projects around the world.
Donations also welcome.
Donations anytime are welcome.
Donations are a gift to the living and a comfort to the grieving.
Donations are a little ahead of expectations.
Donations are a major source of funding for our work.
Donations are a tax-free advantage for the donor.
Donations are a touchy thing.
Donations are a valuable start.
Donations are a very special gift to our organization.
Donations are absolutely vital to our ongoing efforts in diabetes research.
Donations are acceptable.
Donations are accepted at any other time.
Donations are accepted, but there is no admission fee.
Donations are accordingly tax deductible.
Donations are all tax deductible.
Donations are allowable income tax deductions.
Donations are also a source of funding.
Donations are also a wonderful way to honor and remember friends and family for special occasions.
Donations are also acceptable.
Donations are also accepted - the same quality standards apply.
Donations are also always welcome.
Donations are also crucial for the materials and equipment required for the project.
Donations are also most welcome and can be sent to the church.
Donations are also most welcome.
Donations are also tax-deductible.
Donations are also very welcome and can be sent as above.
Donations are also very welcome.
Donations are also welcome and very much appreciated.
Donations are also welcome by anonymous donations as well personal individuals.
Donations are also welcome to fund the cost of plant material for the beds.
Donations are also welcome to fund the cost of statuary to be placed within the hedge.
Donations are also welcome, and are tax deductible.
Donations are also welcome.
Donations are also, of course, accepted.
Donations are always gratefully and warmly accepted.
Donations are always very appreciated.
Donations are always warmly excepted.
Donations are always welcome and appreciated.
Donations are always welcome and are fully tax deductible.
Donations are always welcome and are tax-deductible.
Donations are always welcome and contribute to the gift of knowledge.
Donations are always welcome and gratefully accepted.
Donations are always welcome and in short supply right now.
Donations are always welcome and much needed.
Donations are always welcome and needed for continuing maintenance.
Donations are always welcome and needed.
Donations are always welcome and several fund-raisers have been held over the last few years.
Donations are always welcome and they are tax deductible.
Donations are always welcome and very appreciated.
Donations are always welcome at any time of the year as well.
Donations are always welcome for our classrooms and library.
Donations are always welcome to cover the cost of postage and stationary.
Donations are always welcome to cover the cost of postage.
Donations are always welcome to help defray costs.
Donations are always welcome to help with expansion and maintenance.
Donations are always welcome to keep the service ongoing.
Donations are always welcome to prosecute the lawsuit.
Donations are always welcome, and can be sent to the address above.
Donations are always welcome, and provide very valuable support for our work.
Donations are always welcome, be it from a fund-raising event, a convenant or a legacy.
Donations are always welcome, both monetary and supplies such as food, airline dog crates, etc.
Donations are always welcome, however.
Donations are always welcome.
Donations are an investment in public lands to ensure they recieve proper care.
Donations are annual, per seat, and in addition to the cost of the season ticket.
Donations are anonymous unless the donor chooses to self-identify.
Donations are anonymous.
Donations are another important source.
Donations are appreciated, there is no admission.
Donations Are Appreciated.
Donations are at no cost site visitors, but instead are borne by site sponsors.
Donations are at no cost to site visitors, but instead are borne by site sponsors.
Donations are available for qualifying organizations.
Donations are both welcome and fully tax deductible.
Donations are certainly welcome.
Donations are commonplace among employees.
Donations are completely tax-deductible.
Donations are considerably lower than the budget.
Donations are cool.
Donations are Cool.
Donations are critical to further construction of community gardens.
Donations are crucial to helping women and girls in the Fox Valley region.
Donations are cumulative.
Donations are deductible and are gratefully accepted.
Donations are deductible as charitable gifts.
Donations are deductible for computing income and estate taxes.
Donations are deductible from U.S. income tax and deductible against U.S. earnings in Canada.
Donations are deductible on federal income tax returns.
Donations are deductible to the donors.
Donations are deductible to the extent allowable by law.
Donations are deductible to the extent permitted by federal law.
Donations are deductible to the full extent permitted by law.
Donations are deductible.
Donations are dependent upon availability.
Donations are down and hunger is up at food banks.
Donations are down.
Donations are easier to find than volunteers willing to gather signatures themselves.
Donations are easy with the E-Scrip program.
Donations are eligible for a tax receipt.
Donations are entirely tax-deductible.
Donations are essential to increasing our ability to provide scholarships and grants.
Donations are essential to our survival.
Donations are essential.
Donations are fast and easy.
Donations are for continuing research projects.
Donations are fully deductible to the extent allowable by law.
Donations are fully deductible to the extent provided by law.
Donations are fully tax deductable.
Donations are fully tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
Donations are fully tax deductible.
Donations are fully tax-deductible during the current tax year.
Donations are fully tax-deductible.
Donations are generally for events rather than for meetings.
Donations are generally tax-deductible.
Donations are gladly accepted year-round and volunteers are always welcome.
Donations are gratefully received, please see making a donation .
Donations are high quality to draw visitors from the area.
Donations are important, and welcome.
Donations are indispensable.
Donations are irrevocable once the leave is formally transferred to the recipient.
Donations are irrevocable.
Donations are just one way visitors feel they can help.
Donations are kharmically deductible to the fullest extent of the universe.
Donations are like raindrops - each one adds to the other to make a lot.
Donations are limited to land and cash only.
Donations are limited to one per person per site each day, so please make donations daily.
Donations are limited to several local organizations.
Donations are most welcome no matter how big or small.
Donations are most welcome.
Donations are much appreciated.
Donations are much needed and tax-deductible.
Donations are necessary to continue communication and networking.
Donations are non-refundable.
Donations are now easy to track on a growing number of user-friendly web sites.
Donations are now payable over a two year period.
Donations are often perfect candidates for book sales.
Donations are optional, but highly appreciated.
Donations are optional.
Donations are our main means of support.
Donations are our only source of financial support.
Donations are pivotal to the growth of our operation.
Donations are possible for both classroom and research applications.
Donations are possible.
Donations are preferred.
Donations are secure and confidential.
Donations are secure and very simple.
Donations are sometimes treasure and sometimes trash.
Donations are still very necessary.
Donations are still very welcome.
Donations are still welcome of course.
Donations are still welcome.
Donations are strictly on a voluntary basis.
Donations are strictly voluntary and are kept confidential.
Donations are strictly voluntary and confidential.
Donations are tax - deductible.
Donations are tax deducible.
Donations are tax deductable and receipts are available.
Donations are tax deductable to the extent provided by law.
Donations are tax deductable, less the value of any premiums awarded.
Donations are tax deductable, with receipts provided upon request.
Donations are tax deductable.
Donations are tax deductible .
Donations are tax deductible according to law.
Donations are tax deductible according to state and federal law.
Donations are tax deductible and accepted year around.
Donations are tax deductible and are accepted all year long.
Donations are tax deductible and are always welcome.
Donations are tax deductible and are earmarked solely city evangelism efforts.
Donations are tax deductible and are well recognized.
Donations are tax deductible and can be earmarked for a particular skater or purpose.
Donations are tax deductible and directly benefit rescued dogs.
Donations are tax deductible and gratefully accepted.
Donations are tax deductible and greatly appreciated.
Donations are tax deductible and help support patients and families.
Donations are tax deductible and receipts are available on request.
Donations are tax deductible and receipts are available.
Donations are tax deductible and sincerely appreciated.
Donations are tax deductible as allowable by law.
Donations are tax deductible as charitable contributions to the fullest extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible as charitable contributions.
Donations are tax deductible as permitted by law.
Donations are tax deductible as provided by law.
Donations are tax deductible as provided by the law.
Donations are tax deductible as stipulated in the IR Code.
Donations are tax deductible at fair market value.
Donations are tax deductible by donors for federal income, estate and gift tax purposes.
Donations are tax deductible for Australian taxpayers.
Donations are tax deductible for income tax purposes.
Donations are tax deductible for the current value at time of donation.
Donations are tax deductible for U.S. and California income tax purposes.
Donations are tax deductible in accordance with charitable contribution rules.
Donations are tax deductible in countries where the law allows.
Donations are tax deductible in the U.S. to the full extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible in the United States.
Donations are tax deductible Payment can be done by cheque or credit card.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent allowable by the law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent permissible by law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent provided by law.
Donations are tax deductible to the extent the law allows.
Donations are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by law.
Donations are tax deductible to the full extent provided by law.
Donations are tax- deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent provided by law.
Donations are tax deductible under the law.
Donations are tax deductible with the exception of membership fees.
Donations are tax deductible within the limits of the law, and are promptly acknowledged.
Donations are tax deductible within the limits of the law.
Donations are tax deductible, and appreciated.
Donations are tax deductible, and payment plans with payroll deduction are available.
Donations are tax deductible, as provided by law.
Donations are tax- deductible.
Donations are tax deductible.
Donations are tax exempt.
Donations are tax receipted.
Donations are tax-deductable.
Donations are tax-deductible .
Donations are tax-deductible and appreciated.
Donations are tax-deductible and are graciously accepted.
Donations are tax-deductible and can be in the form of program sponsorships or camper scholarships.
Donations are tax-deductible and distributed by ecumenical, nonprofit agencies.
Donations are tax-deductible and gratefully accepted.
Donations are tax-deductible and greatly appreciated.
Donations are tax-deductible and receipted.
Donations are tax-deductible and receipts are provided upon request.
Donations are tax-deductible as allowable by law.
Donations are tax-deductible as permitted by law.
Donations are tax-deductible as provided by law.
Donations are tax-deductible for income tax purposes.
Donations are tax-deductible for organizations and individuals alike.
Donations are tax-deductible for U.S. residents.
Donations are tax-deductible in Australia only.
Donations are tax-deductible in Germany.
Donations are tax-deductible in the United States and Mexico.
Donations are tax-deductible in the United States.
Donations are tax-deductible minus the value of goods or services received.
Donations are tax-deductible to the extent of the law.
Donations are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
Donations are tax-deductible to the extent provided by law.
Donations are tax-deductible to the extent that the law allows.
Donations are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
Donations are tax-deductible to the full extent permitted by law.
Donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Donations are tax-deductible under U.S. law.
Donations are tax-deductible within the guidlines of the law.
Donations are tax-deductible.
Donations ARE tax-deductible.
Donations are tax-exempt.
Donations are the back bone to any shelter, rescue, etc.
Donations are the lifeblood of nonprofit organizations, and animal shelters are no different.
Donations are the life-blood of the facility.
Donations are the main support for our work.
Donations are the most important source of materials in the collection.
Donations are the only means of support for both the website and the newsletter.
Donations are the primary source for series romance titles.
Donations are the starting point in the equation of putting people to work.
Donations are therefore very important.
Donations are to be taken from accumulated leave time.
Donations are U.S. tax-deductible.
Donations are up.
Donations are usd to cover our ongoing community education and farmed animal rescue campaigns.
Donations are usually in the form of food, clothing, heating oil or money.
Donations are very important.
Donations are very much loved.
Donations are very welcome.
Donations are very welcomed and tax-deductible.
Donations are VERY well appreciated, as they help provide for the high costs of bandwidth.
Donations are vital to our success and are always appreciated.
Donations are voluntary and are tax deductible.
Donations are voluntary and can be for any amout.
Donations are voluntary but much appreciated.
Donations are voluntary thereafter.
Donations are voluntary.
Donations are way up.
Donations are welcom e .
Donations are welcom ed.
Donations are welcome and appreciated by contacting one of the email addresses above.
Donations are welcome and appreciated.
Donations are welcome and are tax deductible.
Donations are welcome and are tax-deductible.
Donations are welcome and are used for further restoration work.
Donations are welcome and desirable.
Donations are welcome and encouraged.
Donations are welcome and fully tax deductible.
Donations are welcome and gratefully received.
Donations are welcome and help defray the expense of maintaining the grounds and memorials.
Donations are welcome and needed.
Donations are welcome and so are volunteers.
Donations are welcome and tax deductible.
Donations are welcome and the public is invited to attend.
Donations are welcome any time during store hours.
Donations are welcome as are volunteers.
Donations are welcome at any time of the year.
Donations are welcome at any time.
Donations are welcome at the banquet.
Donations are welcome by cheque and credit card.
Donations are welcome either financial or feed and bedding.
Donations are welcome for the sale.
Donations are welcome from both members and nonmembers.
Donations are welcome in all monetary ranges.
Donations are welcome in any amount.
Donations are welcome in cash or by cheque or credit card.
Donations are welcome throughout the year, but especially as the major book sale date approaches.
Donations are welcome to defray the cost of dinner.
Donations are welcome to help benefit music scholarships offered to new students.
Donations are welcome to help maintain the historic home or provide scholarships.
Donations are welcome to help offset the department's expenses.
Donations are welcome to help pay for hall rental.
Donations are welcome to provide scholarship assistance.
Donations are welcome year-round.
Donations are welcome, and are tax deductible.
Donations are welcome, and badly needed.
Donations are welcome, anyway.
Donations are welcome, but there is no subscription fee.
Donations are welcome, however, and needed to support the series.
Donations are welcome, made in memory of loved ones or as a thanksgiving.
Donations are welcome, to subsidize in part students and third world participants.
Donations are welcome.
Donations are Welcome.
Donations are wlcomed and tax deductible.
Donations are, however, welcome.
Donations are, of course, always welcome.
Donations are, of course, gratefully received.
Donations are, of course, tax deductible.
Donations are, therefore, tax deductible.
Donations arrive in a timely manner, improving cash management.
Donations assist faculty, graduate and undergraduate student research and travel.
Donations based on volunteer service are generally at a fixed rate.
Donations benefit historically black colleges and universities.
Donations benefit local food banks in the community of each store.
Donations benefit middle school youth program.
Donations benefit selected libraries.
Donations can also be a result of school fundraising activities.
Donations can also be anonymous.
Donations can also remain anonymous if the donor prefers.
Donations can be a great boon for the recipient.
Donations can be any amount.
Donations can be cash or products for door prizes.
Donations can be for just about anything.
Donations can be in cash or boxes of gloves.
Donations can be in rubles or any hard currency.
Donations can be in the form of cash grants, matching funds or equipment or services.
Donations can be in the form of cash or in-kind gifts such as building materials.
Donations can be in the form of cash, tools, furniture, or cleaning supplies.
Donations can be in the form of checks, securities, bequests, insurance, or charitable trusts.
Donations can be in the form of money and or equipment.
Donations can be in the form of services, facilities, or materials.
Donations can be monetary, merchandise or gift certificates.
Donations can be monthly, quarterly, yearly, or any other schedule the member wishes.
Donations can be small, simple things as well as elaborate.
Donations can be useful to supplement available funds and equipment.
Donations can come from private individuals as well as contractors or supply companies.
Donations can come in many forms, land, securities, cash, etc.
Donations can come in the form of money, equipment, services, land, or building material s.
Donations can cover cost of a single volume, set or collection.
Donations can include artwork, trips, and other unique opportunities.
Donations can include cash, food, toys, old towels or treats.
Donations can include toys, medical supplies, and cash.
Donations can make a huge difference in the lives of the children who are waiting for families.
Donations can range from simply assisting with fair financing to providing an award.
Donations can reduce local education spending.
Donations can take many forms.
Donations can take the form of direct, tax-deductible contributions or planned gifts.
Donations come from both local and foreign sources in cash or in kind.
Donations come from clients, private attorneys and charitable organizations.
Donations come from corporate sponsors.
Donations come from corporations, foundations, and private contributions.
Donations come from individuals, churches, local businesses and corporations.
Donations come from members, merchants and people in the community.
Donations come from the United States, Mexico, Canada, and Europe.
Donations come in every day by the vanload.
Donations come in from a variety of others sources as well.
Donations come in many other ways, too.
Donations come primarily from individuals and church groups.
Donations complete our funding sources.
Donations continue from collectors and duplicate material is available for trade.
Donations continue to arrive daily.
Donations continue to arrive.
Donations continue to be accepted for the maintenance of the monuments and future projects.
Donations continue to be needed.
Donations continue to be received to purchase additional materials.
Donations continue to be received.
Donations continue to come in as several groups work to complete major fund-raising efforts.
Donations continue to come in at a steady rate.
Donations continue to come in.
Donations continue to furnish our space.
Donations continue to pour in.
Donations continue to trickle in.
Donations costs nothing to the donor's family or estate.
Donations count as tax write-offs.
Donations cover our anniversary expenses.
Donations cover some of the costs.
Donations definitely welcome.
Donations depend on the ability of our members and supporters.
Donations Develop a budget and a specific wish list.
Donations do qualify as a chartable contribution.
Donations enhance the school.
Donations ensure that all patients are remembered on their birthday and during the holidays.
Donations eventually convert to equity in new venture companies.
Donations finance everything.
Donations fund both domestic and international ministry and missions.
Donations further allow supplementary videos and books with a Scandinavian focus to be purchased.
Donations given by groups and individuals make up the rest of our budget.
Donations given through the church are tax-deductible.
Donations go directly into furthering our activities.
Donations go directly to purchasing and maintaining habitats for protected species.
Donations go directly to the patients to help take some of the stress out of their lives.
Donations go to lots of great causes across North America.
Donations go to musicians.
Donations go to musicias.
Donations go to networking activities and communications.
Donations go to non-profit animal welfare organizations.
Donations go to preserve endangered species and habitats.
Donations go to purchase and protect rainforest.
Donations go to various charities.
Donations go to various conservation projects.
Donations go toward an ongoing service to members in times of bereavement or illness.
Donations go toward books and program materials for children.
Donations go toward equipment, facilities and operating expenses.
Donations go toward funding new treatments.
Donations go toward helping amputees in communities all across Canada.
Donations go toward the costs of videotaping the conference and making the tapes available.
Donations go toward trail maintenance, stewardship activities and education.
Donations go towards construction materials.
Donations go towards Scleroderma research.
Donations go towards the purchase of a new office PC for our staff.
Donations help build relationships that last a lifetime.
Donations help cover costs.
Donations help defray the cost of research and communication.
Donations help defray the costs of rescue, care, feeding and veterinary treatment.
Donations help families rebuild their homes one year after the hurricane.
Donations help fund future interpretive programs.
Donations help fund the baseball program.
Donations help fund the Pride Festival.
Donations help keep the clinics open so that they can serve the rural area population.
Donations help keep the record accurate and the memory green .
Donations help maintain the grounds.
Donations help make cancer center a reality .
Donations help offset the enormous building costs.
Donations help pay for expenses and operational costs.
Donations help pay for such things as food, clothing, furniture and emergency housing.
Donations help purchase fire apparatus.
Donations help stock local waters.
Donations help stretch our limited budget and are tax deductible.
Donations help support initiative programs which address unmet needs identified by residents.
Donations help support local sight conservation projects.
Donations help support our education, public awareness, public policy and victim services programs.
Donations help support truly needy recipients.
Donations help to fund a candidate's expenses for mailers, phone calls and signage.
Donations help to upgrade equipment and build new facilities.
Donations help too.
Donations increase each year.
Donations inure to surviving corporation.
Donations Learn the truth about sowing and reaping.
Donations made at the time of an employee's separation from service require no remaining balance.
Donations made by individuals and organizations around campus help make the awards possible.
Donations made by our community stay in our community.
Donations made during benefits choice period qualify the donor for the following fiscal year.
Donations made in either country are fully tax deductible according to local law.
Donations made in honor or in memory of a loved one can have a gift card sent to the honoree.
Donations made to our organization are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law.
Donations made to registered charities are tax deductible as permitted by law.
Donations made to the foundation are tax deductible.
Donations made to the organization can be tax deductible.
Donations made to the unit are tax deductible.
Donations make a difference.
Donations Make a secure donation online.
Donations Make a tax-deductible contribution here or by mailing to the address below.
Donations Make a tax-deductible donation to the fund.
Donations make our work possible.
Donations make possible our fact-finding, reporting and public awareness activities.
Donations make possible our fact-finding, reporting, and public awareness activities.
Donations make up a large part of our operating budget.
Donations make up a small portion of the operating budget and are gladly accepted.
Donations make up over half of our annual revenue and are tax-deductible.
Donations make up the difference .
Donations make up the rest.
Donations needed include nonperishable foods, diapers and formula.
Donations occur under strict operating room guidelines.
Donations pay for installation supplies and help maintain the existence of the clinics.
Donations pay our utilities costs and equipment maintenance.
Donations pay the bills.
Donations Please Visitors explore the real issues and human drama of transplants.
Donations promote a wider menu of learning opportunities for the individual learner.
Donations provide a special fund to assist members in financial emergencies.
Donations provide animals for sacrifice to feed the hungry in many countries.
Donations provide recognition of educators which reinforces professionalism and dedication.
Donations provide recognition of the organization which reinforces professionalism and dedication.
Donations qualify as tax-deductible contributions.
Donations qualify for state tax credits as well as regular state and federal tax deductions.
Donations range from cash to flowers, to benches and trees.
Donations range from cash to items that can be sold, such as automobiles, boats, and equipment.
Donations ranging from computers to notebooks and pens are welcome as well.
Donations really help since all the proceeds go to income.
Donations received by the fire company for an event go to the authority.
Donations related with the history and social development of Nicosia are always welcome.
Donations remain in the community to fund local health and human service programs.
Donations remain welcome to other campaign priorities as well.
Donations See below for credit-card or mail donations.
Donations Spread the word.
Donations start to come in for domain registration.
Donations still welcome.
Donations stimulate and provide initiative for growth in educational practices.
Donations support a wide range of programs throughout the Presbyterian system.
Donations support and maintain a strong, ongoing community service program.
Donations support our museum project and shipwreck investigations.
Donations support our scholarship programs.
Donations support the entire operation.
Donations take about one hour.
Donations take approximately one hour.
Donations tend to drop off dramatically.
Donations traditionally drop off sharply after the holidays.
Donations typically mean gifts made without receiving any compensation.
Donations vary depending on the horse, scope, costs, etc.
Donations vary depending on the size of the gifts.
Donations vary in size, and all, even the smallest, are appreciated.
Donations Visit our Donation page.
Donations welcome and tax deductible.
Donations welcome at the door.
Donations welcome to cover expenses.
Donations Welcome to our web site.
Donations welcome. . .
Donations Work on a large non-commercial website takes a lot of time and resources.
Donations always welcome and they can pick up donations.
Donations always welcome.
Donation frequently comforts a grieving family.
Donations often are in the hundreds of thousands of dollars and occasionally in the millions.
Donations usually come in small amounts from a network of friends and acquaintances.
Donations usually represent only a small fraction of the whole.
All donation are tax deductible.
All donation is tax deductible.
All donations also receive a tax receipt.
All donations are also tax deductible.
All donations are anonymous.
All donations are as is with no warranties expressed or implied.
All donations are completely tax deductible.
All donations are completely tax-deductible and corporate matching funds programs are accepted.
All donations are completely tax-deductible.
All donations are confidential and no one is denied a meal if unable to contribute.
All donations are confidential, and no one is denied a meal if unable to contribute.
All donations are confidential.
All donations are deductible as a charitable contribution.
All donations are deductible as charitable contributions.
All donations are deductible for income and estate tax purposes.
All donations are deductible for income tax purposes.
All donations are deductible for tax purposes.
All donations are deductible to the extent the law allows.
All donations are deductible to the full extent of the law.
All donations are deductible.
All donations are eligible for a charitable receipt at the same level as other registered charities.
All donations are eligible for a receipt for income tax purposes.
All donations are eligible for an official charitable tax receipt .
All donations are eligible for charitable tax receipts.
All donations are eligible for deductions against income.
All donations are eligible for full tax credit.
All donations are eligible to recieve a charitable donation receipt.
All donations are entirely tax-deductible.
All donations are exempt from income tax.
All donations are federally tax deductible in the United States to the limit of the law.
All donations are federally tax deductible.
All donations are final.
All donations are for a one year membership and are tax deductible.
All donations are for the charity of the month and are certainly appreciated.
All donations are FULL tax deductions.
All donations are fully deductible as charitable contributions for Federal income tax purposes.
All donations are fully deductible at fair market value.
All donations are fully tax deductable in accordance with state and federal tax laws.
All donations are fully tax deductable.
All donations are fully tax deductibile .
All donations are fully tax deductible .
All donations are fully tax deductible and all sponsors are given advertising in our program.
All donations are fully tax deductible.
All donations are fully tax-deductible as charitable contributions.
All donations are fully tax-deductible.
All donations are helpful.
All donations are important and necessary.
All donations are important and welcome.
All donations are important, appreciated and recognized accordingly.
All donations are income tax deductible.
All donations are income-tax deductible.
All donations are most welcome and tax deductible.
All donations are most welcome.
All donations are much appreciated and carefully used.
All donations are much appreciated.
ALL donations are necessary and very much appreciated.
All donations are non-refundable.
All donations are nonrefundable.
All donations are now tax deductable.
All donations are now tax deductible to the fullest extent allowable by law.
All donations are now tax deductible.
All donations are on a first come first served basis.
All donations are publicly acknowledged.
All donations are safe, secure, and private.
All donations are strictly voluntary.
All donations are tax deductable .
All donations are tax deductable in Mexico.
All donations are tax deductable to the full extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductable to the fullest extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductable.
All donations are Tax deductable.
All donations are tax deductibe for both state and federal.
All donations are tax deductible .
All donations are tax deductible and a receipt is available upon request.
All donations are tax deductible and are greatly appreciated.
All donations are tax deductible and are very appreciated.
All donations are tax deductible and benefit a local charity.
All donations are tax deductible and benefit the mission trip.
All donations are tax deductible and can be in the form of money, estates or financial properties.
All donations are tax deductible and can be made with cash, check or credit card.
All donations are tax deductible and directly benefit rescued dogs.
All donations are tax deductible and directly benefit the library.
All donations are tax deductible and formalized through a deed of gift.
All donations are tax deductible and giving is safe, secure, and easy.
All donations are tax deductible and gratefully received.
All donations are tax deductible and greatly appreciated.
All donations are tax deductible and matching funds are more than welcome.
All donations are tax deductible and shipping and handling are included in the donation amount.
All donations are tax deductible and tax receipts are provided.
All donations are tax deductible as a charitable contribution.
All donations are tax deductible as a charitable donation.
All donations are tax deductible as allowable by law.
All donations are tax deductible as charitable contributions.
All donations are tax deductible as in-kind donations.
All donations are tax deductible as permited by law.
All donations are tax deductible as permitted by law.
All donations are tax deductible as provided by law.
All donations are tax deductible as specified in the law.
All donations are tax deductible at their current market value.
All donations are tax deductible for taxpayers in Canada.
All donations are tax deductible for their fair market value.
All donations are tax deductible for U.S. residents.
All donations are tax deductible in accordance with federal law.
All donations are tax deductible in Canada and Washington State.
All donations are tax deductible in Canada.
All donations are tax deductible in the U.S. and Canada.
All donations are tax deductible in the United States.
All donations are tax deductible to the amount permitted by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent allowable under current tax law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent provided by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the extent the law provides.
All donations are tax deductible to the full extent allowable by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by law.
All donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductible under full extent of the law.
All donations are tax deductible under U.S. tax law.
All donations are tax deductible unless a gift, service, or item is received in return.
All donations are tax deductible, and are greatly appreciated.
All donations are tax deductible, and free towing also is available.
All donations are tax deductible, and free towing is available.
All donations are tax deductible, carefully used and gratefully appreciated.
All donations are tax deductible, just ask for a receipt.
All donations are tax deductible, so receipts are mandatory.
All donations are tax deductible, subject to the current tax laws pertaining to the gift.
All donations are tax- deductible.
All donations are tax deductible.
All Donations are tax deductible.
All donations are tax exempt and are placed in an unrestricted fund for flag preservation.
All donations are tax exempt and go solely toward the purchase of medications for each year's trip.
All donations are tax exempt to the fullest extent of the law.
All donations are tax exempt.
All donations are tax free.
All donations are tax receiptable.
All donations are tax-deductable to the fullest extent of the law.
All donations are tax-deductable.
All donations are tax-deductiable.
All donations are tax-deductible .
All donations are tax-deductible above the value of the items received.
All donations are tax-deductible and gratefully accepted.
All donations are tax-deductible and greatly appreciated.
All donations are tax-deductible and greatly needed.
All donations are tax-deductible and proceeds help to maintain and upgrade the ranch facility.
All donations are tax-deductible and very much appreciated.
All donations are tax-deductible as a charitable contribution.
All donations are tax-deductible as permitted by law.
All Donations are tax-deductible as permitted by law.
All donations are tax-deductible as provided by law.
All donations are tax-deductible at their full retail value.
All donations are tax-deductible in the U.S. and Canada.
All donations are tax-deductible in the United States.
All donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowable under current tax law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the extent of the law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the extent provided by law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent permissible by law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent provided for by law.
All donations are tax-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.
All donations are tax-deductible, as provided by law.
All donations are tax-deductible, charitable contributions.
All donations are tax-deductible, of course.
All donations are tax-deductible. .
All donations are tax-deductible.
All Donations are tax-deductible.
ALL donations are tax-deductible.
All donations are tax-dedutible.
All donations are tax-exempt.
All donations are tax-exempted.
All donations are tax-free.
All donations are tax-receiptable.
All donations are therefore eligible for an income tax receipt.
All donations are thus tax-deductable.
All donations are to be in good condition.
All donations are U.S. tax-deductible.
All donations are U.S.A. and Israel tax deductible .
All donations are very much appreciated and are tax-deductible.
All donations are very much appreciated.
All donations are voluntary and are made to an individual.
All donations are voluntary and confidential.
All donations are voluntary in nature and used to defray program costs.
All donations are voluntary.
All donations are welcome and are tax deductible.
All donations are welcome and are tax-deductible.
All donations are welcome and can be collected.
All Donations are welcome and fully tax deductible.
All donations are welcome and most appreciated.
All donations are welcome for purchasing stamps and supplies for upcoming events.
All donations are welcome, sponsor part of a room or come together as a sponsoring group.
All donations are welcome.
All Donations are welcome.
All Donations Are Welcome.
ALL donations are welcome.
All donations are welcomed, no amount is too small.
All donations are, of course, tax deductible.
All donations become school property.
All donations become the property of the library.
All donations become the property of the school.
All donations benefit local food banks in the community of each store.
All donations benefit our residents, however small.
All donations can receive a tax credit if desired by the donor.
ALL donations count .
All donations directly benefit the animals and our rehabilitation efforts.
All donations directly benefit the animals residing at the petting farm.
All donations go directly for the care, feeding, and adoption of greyhounds.
All donations go directly for the children.
All donations go directly into our early detection screening and education programs.
All donations go directly into projects in Africa.
All donations go directly to benefit poor villagers in Vietnam.
All donations go directly to buy food and pay rent and utilities.
All donations go directly to Carolina's Kids and the purchasing of the van.
All donations go directly to help place and care for the dogs on our list.
All donations go directly to help the animals.
All donations go directly to maintaining, and perhaps expanding, the billboards.
All donations go directly to our local baseball program.
All donations go directly to our public awareness efforts.
All donations go directly to raising the scholarship prizes awarded to juniors at the tournaments.
All donations go directly to support and improve the site.
All donations go directly to support our programs, and all donations of any amount go a long way.
All donations go directly to supporting the animals.
ALL donations go directly to the animals.
All donations go directly to the ministry purposes, and all are tax deductible.
All donations go directly to the mission trips fund.
All donations go directly to the project.
All donations go directly to the rabbits' welfare to cover veterinary costs, housing and feed.
All donations go directly to the rescue, rehabilitation, and placement of ex-racing greyhounds.
All donations go directly toward rescue efforts.
All donations go directly towards promoting band performances, music, instruments and equipment.
All donations go for purchase of children's books for local library.
All donations go for the purchase of children's books for local library.
All donations go into building restoration and upkeep.
All donations go into our general fund unless otherwise requested.
All donations go to community-based programs.
All donations go to food certificates, with administrative costs borne by the newspapers.
All donations go to help the horses.
All donations go to humanitarian aid.
All donations go to nonprofits.
All donations go to paying for transportation, fuel and printing costs.
All donations go to support services, mailing, telephone, printing, and duplication expenses.
All donations go to the care and welfare of the cats.
All donations go to the care of the animals while in foster homes.
All donations go to the cause.
All donations go to the operating costs of the society and museum.
All donations go to the society.
All donations go toward food and ministry purposes.
All donations go toward the care of the animals, as staff members are all unpaid volunteers.
All donations go towards assistance and operations expenses.
All donations go towards helping people with disabilities.
ALL donations go towards helping the pets in our foster program.
All donations go towards the expensive medical care of our bassets.
All donations go towards the upkeep and maintenance of the mud.
All donations go towards the upkeep of the cathedral.
All donations help and are greatly appreciated.
All donations help save children by paying for basic health care, food, and education.
All donations help the animals.
All donations help the continuation of community service programs.
All donations made during our provisional status are fully tax deductible.
All donations made during the event are tax deductible.
All donations made in the United States are tax deductible.
All donations made to it in the state are to be refunded.
All donations made to our organization are tax-deductible.
All donations made to the corporation are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
All donations now go into the gift fund or endowment fund as requested by the donor.
All donations provide funding for future exhibits.
All donations provide invaluable financial assistance to our agency and are tax deductible.
All donations qualify as a tax-deductible contribution to an eligible nonprofit organization.
All donations qualify for Canadian income tax credits.
All donations receive a charitable donation receipt.
All donations received by Real impact Missions go toward project expenses.
All donations remain within Gilmer County.
All donations sent to the fund are tax deductible as a charitable contribution.
All donations serve a dual purpose.
All donations stay in Ohio for the babies of Ohio only.
All donations stay in OUR community to benefit local citizens.
All donations support new music programming.
All donations welcome, large or small.
All donations welcome.
Any donation helps keep the costs down for the parents.
Any donation is acceptable.
Any donation is appreciated, whether it is monetary or volunteer work.
Any donation is appreciated.
Any donation is encouraged and welcome.
Any donation is fully tax deductible.
Any donation is helpful.
Any Donation is tax deductible .
Any donation is tax deductible and very much appreciated.
Any donation is tax deductible.
Any donation is welcome and appreciated.
Any donation is welcome and is tax deductible.
Any donation is welcome.
Any donation made to the club is tax deductible.
Any donation makes one a member.
Any donation required in place of a setup fee is non-refundable.
Any donations are completely voluntary.
Any donations are greatly welcome.
Any donations are probably tax deductible.
Any donations are tax deductable.
Any donations are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
Any donations are tax deductible.
Any donations are tax-deductible and welcomed gratefully.
Any donations are welcome .
Any donations are welcome and appreciated.
Any donations are welcome wether it be yarn,crafted items, or monies for suppies.
Any donations are welcome.
Any donations go toward necessities such as socks, underwear, and toiletries.
Every donation adds up.
Every donation counts, be it large or small.
Every donation counts.
Every donation demonstrates our grass-roots support.
Every donation ends up helping.
Every donation goes directly towards the running and maintenance of the school.
Every donation helps and is very much appreciated.
Every donation helps patients.
Every donation helps, big or small.
Every donation helps, no matter how small or large it is.
Every donation helps, no matter what the amount.
Every donation helps.
Every donation is a profound act of personal sacrifice and generosity.
Every donation is both support and encouragement.
Every donation is catalogued, and donors are asked to sign gift forms releasing ownership.
Every donation is checked against existing records.
Every donation is important and appreciated.
Every donation is important.
Every donation is needed and wildly appreciated.
Every donation is needed, no matter how small.
Every donation is significant and carefully managed to achieve maximum benefit.
Every donation is tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
Every donation is tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
Every donation is tax-deductible.
Every donation is valued, whatever the scale.
Every donation is vital and every pound is put to good use.
Every donation makes a difference, and of course, is tax deductible.
Every donation makes a difference.
Every donation provides the potential for additional advocacy for abused and neglected children.
Every donation represents an improved life.
Every donation truly makes a difference.
Many donations also qualify for corporate matches.
Many donations come in from churches and businesses.
Many donations continue to come in.
Many donations go to children's organizations as well as education, medical research and the arts.
More donations are always welcome.
More donations come in, and more people want to know the story.
Most donations are clean and in good repair.
Most donations are fully tax deductible.
Most donations are tax deductible.
Most donations are tax-deductible.
Most donations come from people who have died.
Most donations remain in the cadaveric unrelated category.
Some donation is necessary.
Some donations are from clubs, some from men, some from women.
Some donations come in throughout the year.
Some donations entitle the donor to receive premiums or membership benefits.
Some donations have no age restrictions and a body of any age is valuable for research.
Some donations require certified appraisals.
A donee is an acquirer
Donee has right to participate in management.
Donee is protected by recording.
Donees sign it or lose funds.
A dongle is an electronic device
Dongles are electronic devices.
Dongles are external boxes which connect through a small port in the side of the PC card.
Dongles are parallel devices.
Dongles are small connectors used to adapt networking cables to computers and other devices.
Dongles work fine but are easily lost.
Most dongles are likely to work.
Donkey Donkeys are hoofed mammals adapted to desert life.
Donkey Donkeys are hoofed mammals adapted to environments with little water.
Donkey rides are a favourite with small kids.
Donkey rides are available from the top or bottom.
A donkey is an emblem
Donkey are usually grey but some are dark brown, black or light-faced roan.
Donkey carries small girl and baby goats, while man follows.
Donkey fits very easily into small hands.
Donkey has a new best friend.
Donkey is a nickname for the ass, used in all parts of the world.
Donkey is an optimist.
Donkey is gray and black with red accessories.
Donkey is green and black with red accessories.
Donkey isa cognition.
Donkey isa knowledge.
Donkey kick back with towel.
Donkey lacks great amounts of articulation.
Donkey pull overfilled carts with what looks like mulberry branches.
Donkey raises work the same way as standing raises since the knee is straight.
Donkey rides in the car park.
Donkey shit everywhere.
Donkey tells of floats coming to the swamp.
Donkey urinates on a campfire.
Donkeys also come in a variety of colors, including black, white, brown, grey and even pink.
Donkeys also eat the vegetation and trample bird and giant tortoise eggs.
Donkeys apparently have an inherent dislike for dogs and other canids.
Donkeys are a coveted portion of the TV audience.
Donkeys are also very adept at halter breaking young calves and yearling horses.
Donkeys are asses.
Donkeys are complex creatures, capable of many moods.
Donkeys are domesticated asses descended from African wild asses.
Donkeys are emblems.
Donkeys are equines.
Donkeys are extremely social creatures, and they get sad when they're left all alone in the pasture.
Donkeys are fictional characters.
Donkeys are gentle, intelligent animals who posses a keen sense of humor.
Donkeys are good for halter breaking of young calves and companion to foals at weaning time.
Donkeys are hardy and almost disease-free.
Donkeys are hardy animals and are remarkably resistant to disease.
Donkeys are herd animals and one lone donkey is a very lonely donkey.
Donkeys are herd animals, a patient and very sure-footed beast of burden with loving personalities.
Donkeys are horses.
Donkeys are intelligent and forgiving of first time donkey trainers.
Donkeys are large, hoofed mammals that live in family groups on grasslands.
Donkeys are mammals.
Donkeys are most active in the evening, but also move about during the day and at night.
Donkeys are much more attractive than elephants.
Donkeys are plain, humble creatures.
Donkeys are pretty easygoing under the worst of circumstances.
Donkeys are sometimes available to take passengers.
Donkeys are the main form of transportation.
Donkeys are there simply to be abused.
Donkeys are truly the pet for the whole family to enjoy.
Donkeys are usually the property of the poor who have to work hard to make a living.
Donkeys are very particular about water being fresh and clean.
Donkeys are very social.
Donkeys are very versatile and willing workers, despite the rumor of their being stubborn.
Donkeys bare the burden of transporting goods and command the narrow alleys.
Donkeys bearing firewood, cement and topsoil are common sights and always photo perfect.
Donkeys bring families together, children with parents, grandchildren with grandparents.
Donkeys can carry straw.
Donkeys can founder, contrary to popular belief.
Donkeys can have hybrid children with a common horse .
Donkeys can have hybrid children with a common horse.
Donkeys can manage.
Donkeys can quickly become sullen and resentful from unnecessary abuse.
Donkeys can reproduce with other donkeys or with horses.
Donkeys can withstand cold temperatures as long as they have shelter and are fed properly.
Donkeys carrying vast loads of fruit pick their way through the crowds.
Donkeys come in lots of different sizes .
Donkeys come in lots of different sizes.
Donkeys come in various colors, but the most common is the mouse gray called gray dun.
Donkeys compete in both in-hand and driven classes, and there are special classes for children.
Donkeys dislike rain, and are susceptible to pneumonia and bronchitis when chilled.
Donkeys fall into three basic size ranges.
Donkeys generally show no clinical signs of infection, but do pass larvae in their feces.
Donkeys have a strong sense of survival.
Donkeys have appetite.
Donkeys have behavior.
Donkeys have ears.
Donkeys have instincts about water.
Donkeys have long ears, a short thick head, a short mane, thin limbs and narrow hooves.
Donkeys have long, coarse fur.
Donkeys have more special health concerns.
Donkeys have no horns.
Donkeys have poor appetite.
Donkeys have porous hooves that can become diseased when they stand in wet areas for too long.
Donkeys have ranges.
Donkeys have relatively large ears that also shed heat and are excellent for hearing.
Donkeys have tails.
Donkeys have very long ears that are dark at the base and tip.
Donkeys inhabit environments.
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes.
Donkeys live longer than horses, too.
Donkeys make excellent beasts of burden for several reasons.
Donkeys obtain many vitamins and minerals from the straw, grass and hay in their diets.
Donkeys occupy habitats.
Donkeys play by grabbing necks and walking each other around.
Donkeys possess teeth.
Donkeys quickly learn to be very respectful of electric fence.
Donkeys receive the same vaccination regimen used on horses.
Donkeys require a constant supply of clean, fresh water in well scrubbed containers.
Donkeys require far less feed than horses.
Donkeys require good quality hay, a mineral salt block, and fresh, clean water.
Donkeys seem to do best on good pasture with minimal amounts of grain as supplement.
Donkeys seem to have especially little road sense.
Donkeys serve as animals.
Donkeys squeeze past, laden with wood, vegetables, or burlap bags stuffed with cottonand wool.
Donkeys stand around all day stuffing themselves on hay.
Donkeys therefore needs adequate shelter during the cold rains of spring and fall.
Donkeys thrive on love and attention.
All donkeys are regularly vaccinated, wormed, and receive routine hoof care.
All donkeys require shelter from rain, wind and flies.
Many donkeys are infected early in life while grazing.
Many donkeys live in deserts that have sparse vegetation.
Most donkeys have a natural dislike for coyotes and dogs and bond well with livestock.
Most donkeys have behavior.
Most donkeys have ears.
Most donkeys have poor appetite.
Most donkeys have ranges.
Most donkeys have tails.
Most donkeys serve as animals.
Some donkeys have characteristics.
Some donkeys have differences.
Donkeys ears are much longer than a horse 's .
Donkeys ears are much longer than a horse's.
Donkeys tails have short body hair over most the length, ending in the longer switch.
Donor atoms add energy levels below the conduction band.
Donor blood is obtained which matches the blood type of the recipient.
A donor card is a card
Donor cards save time, and time is crucial to a successful donation and transplant.
Donor insemination involves the use of sperm from a donor.
Donor insemination is a proven, safe and effective method of achieving pregnancy.
Donor insemination is available only to married couples.
Donor insemination is performed during the fertile period each month.
Donor number includes alumni, parents and friends.
Donor recognition occurs as the premiums are paid and when the policy is paid up.
Donor sperm is frozen until it is needed.
Donor sperm is subjected to extensive testing before use.
A donor is a helper
Donor determines how donation to be used.
Donor fills in two lines of personal information.
Donor follow up of influenza vaccine-related multiple viral enzyme immunoassay reactivity.
Donor gives cash or appreciated stock .
Donor leaves unnecessary outer garments in secure holding area.
Donor leukocyte infusions in acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Donor leukocyte infusions in acute myelogenous leukemia.
Donor look-up allows searching by specific var iables.
Donor prefers candidates who are willing to keep in contact with donor after candidate's graduation.
Donor quail neural crest are adjacent to the dorsal quail neural tube.
Donor receives lump sum or installment payment of sales price.
Donor seeks higher income tax and estate tax benefits than unitrust affords.
Donor undergoes another ultrasound and blood tests.
Donors agree to have eggs taken from their ovaries and anonymously donated to an infertile woman.
Donors also avoid capital gain tax on the sale of property that is donated to a charitable trust.
Donors also can designate their gifts to specific community agencies.
Donors also can give via secure server online.
Donors also can help the school by paying outstanding pledges promptly.
Donors also expect accountability and assurances of good stewardship of their resources.
Donors also have the opportunity to establish endowments to underwrite programs.
Donors also have the right to restrict their gifts for a specific program or programmatic area.
Donors also provide cash gifts that make it possible to purchase books wholesale.
Donors also receive a donation acknowledgement receipt that is useful at income tax time.
Donors also receive a free tow.
Donors also receive additional mailed reports on the use of their endowment funds.
Donors also receive invitations throughout the year to special events, lectures and seminars.
Donors also receive invitations to special events during the school year.
Donors also receive some tax benefits.
Donors also receive tax deductions.
Donors also recognize that the greatest concentration of poor people in the world is in Asia.
Donors also think of their gifts as investments.
Donors appreciate an inviting format to read about how their donations are being used.
Donors appreciate frequent updates about how their money is being put to work.
Donors appreciate it when meetings start on time.
Donors appreciate knowing exactly where their money is going.
Donors appreciate the ease of giving coupled with choice and flexibility.
Donors are able to contribute right from their home or office with the ease of e-commerce.
Donors are able to enhance their total for gift club membership.
Donors are able to write one check instead of multiple checks.
Donors are alerted to reservations and can confirm or cancel depending upon their preferences.
Donors are also welcome to visit the project site and interact with the project staff.
Donors are also welcome toget involved in the workings of the organisation.
Donors are anonymous and no acknowledgement is made of any ensuing pregnancies.
Donors are anonymous to protect the voluntary aspect of the program.
Donors are anonymous unless they request that the the recipient know who they are.
Donors are badly needed, so please consider becoming a marrow donor and giving the gift of life.
Donors are benefactors.
Donors are choosy and discriminate when giving money to organizations.
Donors are eager to fund development of potentially rich agricultural resources.
Donors are eligible for both income and capital gains tax savings.
Donors are eligible for charitable tax receipts.
Donors are eligible for favorable taxation measures.
Donors are eligible to donate every eight weeks.
Donors are foundations, associations, banks, etc.
Donors are free to change their minds and revoke gifts at any time.
Donors are free to withdraw consent to the egg collection at any time before the operation.
Donors are given anesthesia, so the procedure is relatively painless.
Donors are in no better position to win the sweepstakes than non-donors.
Donors are instrumental in bringing about such promised reforms.
Donors are like genetic engineers whose job is to speed the evolution of sturdy MFOs.
Donors are likely to demand at least an end to fuel subsidies and further cuts in expenditure.
Donors are limited to one naming opportunity on the main campus.
Donors are more likely to be volunteers and to be members.
Donors are often surprised if they even ask to find out how few directors contribute at all.
Donors are often surprised that the color of platelets is a yellowish cream.
Donors are people in good health who have died suddenly and have been declared brain dead.
Donors are people who share a real concern for a cause.
Donors are precious.
Donors are prepared to make up the shortfall.
Donors are quite positively towards the proposal.
Donors are reluctant to make up for lost state support.
Donors are reluctant to provide support for governments that they regard as illegitimate.
Donors are responsible for appraisal expenses.
Donors are responsible for ensuring that their gifts to charity are used as stipulated.
Donors are responsible for establishing their own tax-deduction.
Donors are responsible for providing transportation to and from the ports of debarkation.
Donors are responsible for recording donations and estimating the value of the materials.
Donors are responsible for requesting written acknowledgment from the charity.
Donors are responsible for shipping fees, which are tax deductible.
Donors are selected if the post-thaw semen parameters meet a minimum standard.
Donors are the essence of the system.
Donors are the lifeblood of the organization.
Donors are the means by which our doors stay open to serve animals and people.
Donors are the only other source of income.
Donors are tissue typed after their organs have been harvested.
Donors are under anesthesia while doctors use needles to penetrate the bone and withdraw the marrow.
Donors are welcome and encouraged to help with all aspects of the project.
Donors are welcome to contribute small and large amounts.
Donors are welcome to restrict their gift to a particular college or department.
Donors become disenchanted and cut off funding.
Donors begin the process by filling out an in-depth health history questionnaire.
Donors Build institutional capacity in local government authorities.
Donors can accelerate the timeline for other projects by making significant current gifts.
Donors can add to a unitrust at any time.
Donors can also cancel a reservation.
Donors can also choose to exclude a provider.
Donors can also choose to remain anonymous.
Donors can also designate their gifts for specific areas or projects, if desired.
Donors can also designate their gifts to specific community agencies.
Donors can also gift a percentage of the property.
Donors can also give a kidney or part of their liver while they are still alive.
Donors can also look here for the best possible match for their donation before listing their item.
Donors can also make single contributions if they choose.
Donors can also offer flowers in memory of a special person or a special date.
Donors can also pay tribute to the life of a family member or friend while they are still alive.
Donors can also specify that a donation go to a specific impact area or a particular agency.
Donors can also stipulate what the money is used for.
Donors can also use their credit cards to make a gift.
Donors can and do sue charities.
Donors can be a fickle lot and people with strong feelings can stay mad for a long time.
Donors can be anyone at all.
Donors can be individuals, families, groups, or organizations.
Donors can be individuals, partnerships, or corporations.
Donors can choose a lady's jeweled pin or a man's gold lapel pin.
Donors can choose between two types of scholarships.
Donors can choose from a variety of methods to help the endowment grow.
Donors can choose to designate their gifts to virtually any area of campus.
Donors can choose to fund one or more modules for several years.
Donors can choose to help with the actual planting of the tree.
Donors can choose to support the area they wish, depending on their respective interests.
Donors can choose to support their community broadly or designate a favourite cause or charity.
Donors can choose to support their hometown broadly or designate a favourite cause or charity.
Donors can claim a full tax deduction for any contribution.
Donors can claim an income tax contribution deduction for the fair market value of the property.
Donors can come from any part of the United States.
Donors can contribute now and through their wills.
Donors can contribute to established scholarship funds or create new ones.
Donors can cut it, with the help of a friend or parent, and mail it in.
Donors can decline benefits and take a tax deduction for the entire contribution.
Donors can deduct the value of their donation from their federal and state income taxes.
Donors can designate a specific use for the donation and a preferred location.
Donors can designate gifts to institutional priorities that match their interests and values.
Donors can designate gifts to specific agencies.
Donors can designate their gifts to the charities of their choice.
Donors can designate their gifts to their college or favorite program, etc.
Donors can determine how involved they wish to be in deciding how their gift is applied.
Donors can direct their donation to a specific interest.
Donors can direct their gifts to specific endowment pools.
Donors can earmark money to help the Turkish earthquake victims.
Donors can earmark their gifts for help in New York, Washington, D.C. or cities of their choice.
Donors can earn a fixed payment for the remainder of their lives.
Donors can either contribute as a gift or invest in the loan guarantee fund.
Donors can endow an entire scholarship or contribute to the programs overall endowment.
Donors can examine their options among current and future appeals.
Donors can expect to feel some discomfort in their lower back for several days following donation.
Donors can expect to feel some soreness in their lower back for a few days.
Donors can give a lasting gift to benefit needy patients right now and during the next century.
Donors can give blood at any of our bloodmobiles, or at one of our collection sites.
Donors can give by check or credit card.
Donors can give every eight weeks.
Donors can give money or horses as donations as charitable contributions.
Donors can give online by credit card by clicking here .
Donors can give to a pooled income trust at times they find convenient.
Donors can give to specific sporting accounts or make a non-designated gift.
Donors can give to two agencies with one pledge card.
Donors can have a significant impact on a school or program by making a gift to support faculty.
Donors can have first choice of new work according to the amounts that they donate.
Donors can have open casket funerals.
Donors can help clients improve data and deepen understanding of sector problems.
Donors can help in two main ways.
Donors can help stimulating the public debate.
Donors can immediately see the importance of bricks and mortar.
Donors can increase their income by donating their securities to the pooled income fund.
Donors can learn more and give on-line by credit card by clicking here .
Donors can leave a specific dollar amount or a percentage of their estate.
Donors can leave specific dollar amounts or a percentage of their estate.
Donors can leave the boxes or bags of items at the clothing ministry door.
Donors can live a totally normal life, including strenuous athletics and childbearing.
Donors can live with just one kidney without any problems.
Donors can make a contribution and receive confirmation at any time.
Donors can make a gift with a check, credit card or appreciated securities.
Donors can make an initial pledge and specify terms of payment.
Donors can make direct gifts of insurance policies.
Donors can make gifts in the following ways.
Donors can make major gifts to the annual fund.
Donors can make the leap of faith from projects to institutional and intellectual movement building.
Donors can name funds to honor family and friends or remain anonymous.
Donors can negate the tax impact by funding the lead trust with tax-exempt securities.
Donors can now designate a portion of their gift to a specific sport.
Donors can now make direct contributions to their overseas military family support programs.
Donors can offer tissue to the bank after death in the same way that they donate organs.
Donors can often make their largest gifts as planned gifts.
Donors can participate in voting for project approval.
Donors can place goods inside the truck.
Donors can play a constructive role insofar as they can build on to national political processes .
Donors can pledge for three-five years.
Donors can potentially receive greater income by funding a life income agreement.
Donors can preserve more for both heirs and hopefully CMU by gifting retirement assets.
Donors can provide joint or parallel cofinancing.
Donors can receive substantial income and estate tax savings.
Donors can receive tax deductions for contributions of cars, boats and motorcycles.
Donors can remain anonymous.
Donors can request that a gift be restricted for a specific purpose.
Donors can restrict contributions for use by a particular service, department, or program.
Donors can select from equity, fixed income and money market pools in our investment program .
Donors can select the fund they want to support.
Donors can send checks or request to be billed.
Donors can sit at home and surf the Web to find charities that move their hearts.
Donors can specify the community they want to help.
Donors can sponsor actual student enterprises and follow their progress.
Donors can sponsor each spiritual message, photograph or soul stirring quote.
Donors can tailor a contribution program to meet personal income and estate needs and objectives.
Donors can take a deduction for the value of the stock, plus avoid paying tax on capital gains.
Donors can take tax deductions, reduce their disposal costs and enhance their corporate image.
Donors can take the value of the items as a charitable tax deduction.
Donors can take vehicle value as a charitable donation deduction for income tax purposes.
Donors can therefore get a tax deduction.
Donors can truly feel that they have saved a life.
Donors can turn to the guide to know which charities are well-run and use donations wisely.
Donors can usually go home in one to two days and resume normal activites within two weeks.
Donors can verify the arrangement with the local chapter or headquarters of the charity.
Donors can walk in or call to schedule an appointment to donate blood.
Donors can watch a movie, talk, nap, or read during the process.
Donors can withdraw until final consent is given for a transplant.
Donors care about it.
Donors choose how the funds are distributed.
Donors choose their funds' name.
Donors commit their support to organizations they trust and respect.
Donors complete a two-page application, with no notarization or appraisals required.
Donors complete a two-page application.
Donors consist of people who contribute financially to several areas of men's basketball.
Donors continue receiving all other membership benefits.
Donors continue to finance the entire capital budget.
Donors continue to maintain the property and pay all associated costs as long as they live there.
Donors contribute the dollars needed to purchase a whole-life insurance policy.
Donors contribute without any expectation of commercial benefit.
Donors create family funds with gifts of cash, securities or other assets.
Donors cry foul, stop giving and go elsewhere to make the same mistake over and over again.
Donors debate the transition to self-governance for East Timor.
Donors decide how much to contribute to the organization during stage n .
Donors demand beefsteaks for breakfast.
Donors determine the criteria for their scholarships, thus eligibility requirements vary.
Donors determine the estimated value of the donated item for tax purposes.
Donors do have to be present in order to donate their time.
Donors donate for a number of reasons.
Donors earn a tax credit and can eliminate disposal headaches.
Donors enjoy immediate tax benefit, while grant decisions can be made over time.
Donors enjoy maximum tax advantages for income, capital gains, gift and estate tax purposes.
Donors ensure that no one goes without.
Donors ensure the future of our students.
Donors enter a drawing to win a cake.
Donors enter the Circle of Hope in any one of six different categories.
Donors escape capital gains taxes by transferring appreciated assets to the trust.
Donors establish new scholarships each year.
Donors establish scholarships so they can be awarded.
Donors expand their support for recovery programs in Angola.
Donors expect all actors to make efficient use of the available resources.
Donors expect no less.
Donors face a challenge in teaming up with the best strategic partners.
Donors feel far stronger about the involvement of an independent group than the public.
Donors feel good knowing their used items are going towards a worthwhile cause.
Donors fill out the necessary forms.
Donors finance virtually all health investment in Africa.
Donors find on-line solicitation less intrusive than telemarketing or direct mail.
Donors find online solicitation less intrusive than telemarketing or direct mail.
Donors find payroll giving an easy and trouble-free way to give to charities.
Donors find the work performed by conservators fascinating.
Donors fund education for consumption, along with any academic research.
Donors generally benefit from income tax deductions and avoid capital gains tax.
Donors generally respond with contributions of cash or highly appreciated stock.
Donors generally return to their normal activities within several days of the procedure.
Donors generally target their contributions on their own communities.
Donors generally use cash, credit cards or securities to make their annual gifts.
Donors get a tax break while they help the community grow in skill and competence.
Donors get a tax deduction and a clean house.
Donors get free t-shirts.
Donors get money.
Donors get the income they needed.
Donors get their name on the door of a room.
Donors get to autograph the poster of the cow inside the pen.
Donors get very upset if they hear that the proposal writer was paid a commission.
Donors give according to their own assessment.
Donors give because of their interest in an institution and logos identify the organization.
Donors give generously to a number of relief agencies and funds.
Donors give in direct relationship to their values, attitudes, and beliefs.
Donors give more when they have the choice of paying electronically.
Donors give our student-athletes the opportunity to compete at the highest level.
Donors give to organizations that are making a difference.
Donors giving out of capital want the gift to fundamentally impact the charity.
Donors have a choice regarding the disposition of their contributions.
Donors have a key role to play in assisting with program design and financing.
Donors have a variety of giving opportunities.
Donors have choices.
Donors have countless reasons for giving.
Donors have flexibility when establishing funds.
Donors have many voices.
Donors have no financial obligations nor custody rights.
Donors have no voting privileges.
Donors have several pledge options, including payroll deduction.
Donors have the assurance that contributed funds receive proper and prudent over sight.
Donors have the freedom to structure funds to accomplish their specific charitable goals.
Donors have the opportunity to create funds that express their own interests.
Donors have the opportunity to designate their gifts to the areas of their choice.
Donors have the opportunity to honor past or present friends, family members, or special events.
Donors have the opportunity to name an endowment they establish.
Donors have the option of donating hours without designating a particular recipient.
Donors have the option of donating paid-up life insurance policies or purchasing new policies.
Donors have the option of giving anonymously.
Donors have the option of making gifts that are restricted to a specific purpose, or unrestricted.
Donors have the option to exclude their names from list exchanges on a regular basis.
Donors have the right to cancel or confirm reservations.
Donors have their own filing requirements.
Donors have to be found willing to buy debt in exchange for environmental projects.
Donors have to purchase season ticket each year.
Donors have up to five years to build their support up to endowment level.
Donors have up to five years to complete a pledge.
Donors help dedicate new alumni center Most dedication ceremonies draw dignitaries.
Donors help support special blood programs.
Donors incur no capital gain on the transfer of appreciated long term securities to the fund.
Donors incur no capital gain on the transfer of appreciated long-term securities to the fund.
Donors incur only the cost of sending the books to CPA head office.
Donors invest in people as much as ideas.
Donors know and understand how their trusts are being invested.
Donors know that they are benefiting the college while also benefiting themselves.
Donors learn that private charity demands they become directly involved.
Donors learn to give by giving.
Donors legally define the distribution of the funds within Donor Defined Funds.
Donors like to be thanked.
Donors listing goes here.
Donors look upon their contributions as an investment in the future.
Donors love to talk and to know that they have been heard.
Donors maintain full control of the donation until final arrangements of the pick-up have been made.
Donors make a difference in the lives of everyone on campus.
Donors make a pledge commitment over a mutually agreed upon period of time.
Donors make charitable gifts for many reasons.
Donors make contributions to their favorite charities and receive a reduction in estate taxes.
Donors make donations directly to the schools and receive a tax deductible receipt.
Donors make the difference.
Donors make their contributions by writing a check or by making a pledge payable in cash.
Donors make up the income lost during the delay in the sale of the real estate, in a later year.
Donors meet frequently to discuss concerns, set priorities and coordinate approaches.
Donors meet monthly for coordination purposes.
Donors meet regularly to exchange views and information on joint activities and key developments.
Donors meet the student scholarship recipients at a yearly luncheon.
Donors name the category desired.
Donors name the fund when the fund is established.
Donors never pay for any expenses associated with organ and tissue donation.
Donors never pay for any medical expenses associated with organ donation.
Donors normally stay in the hospital overnight, returning home the next day.
Donors obtain a federal tax deduction of approximately the cash surrender value of the policy.
Donors occasionally earmark a gift to support a particular organization.
Donors participate by completing a confidential personal and family health profile.
Donors pay at least one and a half times as much as ordinary members.
Donors pay for the material that goes into the ships.
Donors place no restrictions upon such gifts.
Donors pledge whatever they can afford per bird species identified.
Donors prefer to fund a building or lab.
Donors prefer to target money to specific projects.
Donors provide clothing for distribution and funds for several thousands of dollars worth of food.
Donors provide operating support, sponsor competitions and supply in-kind goods and services.
Donors qualify by making an annual gift or pledge at one of the listed gift levels.
Donors qualify for a tax break on their tax return.
Donors qualify for a tax break.
Donors qualify for an income tax charitable deduction for the full amount of the gift.
Donors realize a tax benefit the year the gift is made.
Donors realize substantial tax advantages.
Donors really do make a difference in the lives of so many.
Donors receive a certificate and their names are inscribed on a membership scroll.
Donors receive a charitable contribution income tax deduction.
Donors receive a charitable income tax deduction for a portion of their gift.
Donors receive a confirmation letter that states that their gift is a tax-deductible donation.
Donors receive a formal letter of acknowledgment from the library.
Donors receive a full tax benefit if they itemize deductions.
Donors receive a gift acknowledgement receipt for their tax records.
Donors receive a gift receipt for the fair market value of the gift assessed by qualified parties.
Donors receive a newsletter twice a year.
Donors receive a one year subscription.
Donors receive a proportionate share of the fund's net income each year.
Donors receive a receipt for tax deduct able contributions.
Donors receive a record of their contribution for tax purposes.
Donors receive a tax deduction and positive public awareness for their companies.
Donors receive a tax receipt for tax deduction purposes.
Donors receive a yearly report of recipients.
Donors receive a year's blood insurance for themselves and their immediate family.
Donors receive acknowledgement at our events, here on our Web site, and in much of our advertising.
Donors receive acknowledgement for their gifts.
Donors receive acknowledgment for their gifts.
Donors receive an immediate charitable income tax deduction for their gifts.
Donors receive an immediate e-mail verification of their contribution.
Donors receive an immediate tax benefit.
Donors receive an income tax charitable deduction for the full amount of the gift.
Donors receive an income tax deduction for a current gift.
Donors receive annual statements detailing their fund s activity.
Donors receive benefits based on the amount of the their gift.
Donors receive benefits based on their giving levels.
Donors receive brief profiles of students selected for their awards.
Donors receive detailed instructions in the hygenic collection and handling of milk.
Donors receive full credit for their matching gifts for the purposes of recognition and benefits.
Donors receive immediate tax advantages.
Donors receive information about each student who is awarded their scholarship or fellowship.
Donors receive invitations to appreciation events.
Donors receive lifetime income from a specified percentage of investment earnings.
Donors receive news of the entire program via our quarterly newsletter.
Donors receive no deduction for contributions.
Donors receive our annual financial statement on request.
Donors receive packets with pictures of the books before and after conservation treatment.
Donors receive picture thank-yous before the holidays.
Donors receive receipts for income tax purposes.
Donors receive recognition for their gifts, and can even name their gift.
Donors receive recognition in our programs and on our website.
Donors receive recognition on their own page.
Donors receive regular reports concerning the progress of the research they support.
Donors receive semiannual reports on trust and foundation performance.
Donors receive tax deductible charitable receipts.
Donors receive two free tickets to the auction.
Donors receive written acknowledgement of their contributions for income tax purposes.
Donors receive yearly status reports, including information on the student scholarship recipients.
Donors recognize that moderate expenditure can save enormous cost in repairing damaged lands.
Donors remain in the hospital for several hours or overnight after the marrow collection.
Donors remain one of the strongest keys responsible for the success of any organization.
Donors remain responsible for maintenance, taxes and insurance.
Donors reserve the right to alter their pledges if unforseen circumstances so warrant.
Donors respond to peer solicitation.
Donors respond to specific requests for support.
Donors retain the right to recommend distributions.
Donors retain the right to revoke the instrument.
Donors rush to beat year end.
Donors Save Lives.
Donors save the cost of postage, the time of writing a check and mailing the donation.
Donors see that manpower development is a key factor for the nation's future growth and well-being.
Donors seem to be hesitant and weary of giving.
Donors select a tag and purchase toys for the child.
Donors select holiday gifts for each member of their adopted family.
Donors send equipment directly to the beneficiary.
Donors send financial aid and correspond with the individuals receiving their help.
Donors ship their equipment directly to the recipient.
Donors shuld be able to leav assets to the organization.
Donors sign a deed of gift with the museum.
Donors sign a thermometer poster, which tracks progress.
Donors sign an informed consent outlining the risks and the anonymity of the agreement.
Donors sign up as members of a workplace team for a half or full day at a member agency.
Donors simply authorize a specified amount to be deducted from their paychecks each month.
Donors simply fill out the card and submit it with their donation.
Donors specify whether they'd like contributions to be made anonymously.
Donors stay to shop, and before long they become volunteers as well.
Donors support that vision.
Donors suspend aid.
Donors take note it s a formula worth emulating.
Donors tell Whispers that they recently received nasty letters questioning their party allegiance.
Donors tend to provide the same package of assistance everywhere and at all times.
Donors think codes are a good idea.
Donors thus double the conservation value of their donation.
Donors turn to community foundations for a variety of reasons.
Donors undergo a free mini-physical to detect potential health risks.
Donors undergo a full physical before each donation.
Donors understand much more about the fundraising process than they are usually given credit for.
Donors underwrite the cost of student scholarships, faculty development, equipment, and facilities.
Donors view it as a sign they are backing a winner.
Donors visit Web sites voluntarily and give voluntarily.
Donors waive all rights to the materials.
Donors win by supporting their favorite causes and getting a tax break at the same time.
Donors wishing to be free from investment decisions and concerns are ideal prospects.
Donors yield money with more certainty and predictability than almost any investment.
Donors always expect an organization to respect their privacy.
Donors often create endowed scholarships by making annual contributions over a period of years.
Donors often designate the remaining amounts to fund scholarships or other special projects.
Donors often encounter unique challenges as they work to accomplish their goals.
Donors often fail to take spoilers into account.
Donors often find that a combination of planned gifts produces the best results.
Donors often focus on high-profile gifts, such as grants for a new education program.
Donors often hire advisors or consultants for much the same purpose.
Donors often know little about each other's failures and successes.
Donors often recommend their own brokers to handle the details.
Donors often see increased income from translating low-yielding securities to life income gifts.
Donors often soften hard budget constraints with aid additionality.
Donors often specify how they want their contributions to be used.
Donors often wonder where all that money goes and to whom.
Donors sometimes choose to give appreciated assets such as stocks or other securities.
Donors sometimes choose to make gifts for projects or programs.
Donors sometimes receive tax deductions or even cash.
Donors sometimes wish to fund a graduate award targeting a particular department or faculty.
Donors usually can go home the next day and return to normal activities.
Donors usually direct their contributions to colleges, departments, programs and scholarships.
Donors usually give stock with a low cost basis and a substantial margin of appreciation.
Donors usually specify how they want their gifts spent.
All donors also receive tax-exemption receipts for their contributions.
All donors are serums.
All donors are well and have returned to their previous occupations.
All donors automatically get a shot at a grand prize offered in a raffle at campaign s end.
All donors automatically receive a subscription to the newsletter.
All donors can elect to receive our quaterly newsletter by email.
All donors can give to multiple charities with ease.
All donors differ, as do their reasons for giving money to charity.
All donors enjoy the benefits of the levels preceding their gift level, as well.
All donors have a very thorough evaluation of their medical, psychological, and family history.
All donors periodically receive newsletters and invitations to special functions and events.
All donors receive a card or letter with an income tax receipt.
All donors receive a mini medical exam and refreshments.
All donors receive a tax receipt for the value of their donation.
All donors receive a tax receipt for their charitable contribution.
All donors receive a T-shirt, a medical history review and miniphysical.
All donors receive an annual financial statement of their giving.
All donors receive annual mailings from the library about current projects and initiatives.
All donors receive basic membership benefits in addition to other donor privileges.
All donors receive cholesterol testing.
All donors receive general or local anesthesia for the procedure.
All donors receive income tax receipts.
All donors receive original recipes from top chefs.
All donors receive our biannual newsletter.
All donors receive our occasional newsletter and are listed in the acknowledgments of the volumes.
All donors receive public acknowledgement in the society's concert playbills.
All donors receive receipts for their contributions via e-mail.
All donors receive T-shirts.
All donors welcome.
Every donor has the potential of giving renewed life to four other people.
Every donor is evaluated individually by qualified collection staff personnel.
Every donor receives many more requests for funds than what the donor is able to satisfy.
Every donor talks to a counselor before donating.
Every donor thus can make a difference between life and death.
Many donors actually increase their income by making a life income gift.
Many donors already focus their programs on growth and poverty reduction objectives.
Many donors also increase the impact of their gift through a corporate matching gift.
Many donors also realize substantial estate tax savings.
Many donors also use stock to make major gifts or installments on major gift pledges.
Many donors are familiar with charitable gift annuities.
Many donors are former faculty, staff or students.
Many donors ask friends and family members to help with the endowment they've started.
Many donors ask that their gift be received as a memorial or honor gifts.
Many donors can donate more than one time.
Many donors choose to complete their gift pledge by making regular payments over a period of time.
Many donors choose to complete their pledges by making regular payments over time.
Many donors choose to designate their gifts to one or more campus or department funds.
Many donors choose to give directly to student support, described in Scholarships .
Many donors choose to inscribe their bricks as memorials to beloved departed pets.
Many donors choose to make a pledge over five years, making is easier to give a larger gift.
Many donors choose to make current gifts in the form of common stock or other securities .
Many donors choose to make current gifts in the form of common stock or other securities.
Many donors combine different types of planned gifts to produce the maximum advantage.
Many donors contribute cash through an annual gift or pledge.
Many donors contribute for general purposes, such as one of the three publishing programs.
Many donors contribute for the purpose of providing financial aid to students.
Many donors do both with multiple gifts.
Many donors do make direct gifts to their favorite organizations.
Many donors do.
Many donors don t respond to the first or second approach, but they do to the third.
Many donors establish endowment funds through their estates in honor or in memory of a loved one.
Many donors establish endowments through planned gifts.
Many donors establish or complete a scholarship endowment through a bequest.
Many donors find the fair market value of their vehicle exceeds the trade-in value.
Many donors find the trusts an appealing way to prepare for retirement.
Many donors give an annual gift to establish a named scholarship.
Many donors give their sperm for financial reasons, others simply out of philanthropy.
Many donors have a certain figure in mind for the amount they want their heirs to have.
Many donors have a friend or family member with a disability.
Many donors have interests in supporting several charities.
Many donors have little relationship to the organization except that they give money.
Many donors have longstanding development assistance programs for climate change.
Many donors have open casket funerals.
Many donors incorporate their funds into their estate plans.
Many donors keep giving year in and year out because they know their good deeds are appreciated.
Many donors look at timing as a particularly important aspect of making an outright gift.
Many donors make gifts in the form of appreciated securities rather than cash for many reasons.
Many donors make tribute or memorial gifts in honor of friends, colleagues, or family members.
Many donors prefer to designate the way in which their contributions are used.
Many donors provide substantial assistance to improve governance at the local district level.
Many donors receive great satisfaction knowing they have assisted an infertile woman.
Many donors require a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Many donors say it is one of the most fulfilling and meaningful events in their life.
Many donors say they feel positive because they have helped the recipient.
Many donors seem content to lump our small island states into one generic category.
Many donors select their scholarship recipients based on their own application process.
Many donors select their scholarships recipients based on their own application process.
Many donors specify a favorite chapter as the ultimate charitable beneficiary.
Many donors specify the area where they'd like their gift to be applied.
Many donors undergo extensive medical imaging prior to organ donation.
Many donors use appreciated property or securities to make their gift to the college.
Many donors use the lead trust to ultimately transfer wealth to children and grandchildren.
Many donors use their donations to gain prestige and honour in their communities.
Many donors view bequests as the means to cap a lifetime of giving with a lasting legacy.
Many donors wish to invest their gifts in particular areas.
Many donors wish to invest their gifts in specific areas of focus.
Many donors wish to pledge a gift and fulfill it later.
Most donors also experience an increase in annual income as a result of the gift.
Most donors also report that donating marrow is a very positive experience.
Most donors are able to return to their homes after the follow-up visit to the surgeon.
Most donors are parents or family members.
Most donors avoid liability for capital gains tax otherwise due on the sale of securities.
Most donors describe the phlebotomy itself as similar to a sharp pinch.
Most donors designate their chairs and professorships to specific colleges or departments.
Most donors establish foundations with the idea of pursuing their mission in perpetuity.
Most donors experience mild to moderate bone aching, headache, or insomnia.
Most donors experience no ill effects.
Most donors experience some sore stiffness in the lower back, where the marrow was collected.
Most donors feel that way.
Most donors find giving blood a rewarding and satisfying opportunity for saving someone's life.
Most donors find that their interests are fully accommodated.
Most donors give multiple organs.
Most donors have some bone pain and aches for several days or a few weeks.
Most donors have some or little bone soreness or ache.
Most donors have something very specific in mind when they establish a private foundation.
Most donors have unusually high sperm counts and donate anonymously.
Most donors lack a thorough understanding of the political and socio-cultural aspects of poverty.
Most donors like to stay in touch with the organizations they support.
Most donors mail a note and a photo along with their bundle of hair.
Most donors mail a note and a photo with their bundle of hair.
Most donors make outright cash contributions.
Most donors plan their gifts in the form of general bequests.
Most donors provide samples once a week.
Most donors return to normal life and work two to four weeks after surgery.
Most donors round the donation to the next even dollar amount.
Most donors say they feel only a pinch, while others say they feel nothing at all.
Most donors say they feel proud to have helped give someone a chance at living .
Most donors select an annual payment to charity.
Most donors use cash, checks, or credit cards to make their gifts.
Some donors also request the one or two of the following.
Some donors appreciate funding partners.
Some donors are antigens.
Some donors are interested in students with certain majors, GPAs, or specific occupational goals.
Some donors are very, very interested in who gets their scholarship.
Some donors are willing to sell the property for an amount equal to their cost basis.
Some donors ask for their identity to remain confidential and their wishes are respected.
Some donors believe that a healthy mind is best supported by a healthy body.
Some donors believe that the most worthy charitable organizations are run strictly by volunteers.
Some donors choose charitable remainder annuity trusts because they pay a fixed dollar amount.
Some donors choose to create an endowment .
Some donors choose to designate gifts directly to their agency of choice.
Some donors choose to endow programs with charitable gift annuities or charitable remainder trusts.
Some donors choose to make gifts of stock or tangible assets such as real estate.
Some donors come to campus each year to meet the recipients.
Some donors designate specific organizations to receive their money.
Some donors employ trusts to either pay the income or a remainder interest to a charity.
Some donors establish endowment funds for education and research.
Some donors feel a slight chill during donation because the blood is cooler when it is returned.
Some donors feel a slight tingling around their lips and nose when they donate platelets.
Some donors find it difficult to continue their normal activities.
Some donors find unauthorized charges on credit card bills.
Some donors give real estate to receive a tax deduction.
Some donors have personal or professional interests they wish to support through their gifts.
Some donors increase their bequests.
Some donors like to create a new charitable gift annuity each year.
Some donors like to know their gifts provide permanence.
Some donors make audiotapes that clients listen to.
Some donors make current gifts and others choose to satisfy their commitment over a period of time.
Some donors make current gifts, and others choose to satisfy their commitment over a period of time.
Some donors make one-time gifts.
Some donors make their gift in cash.
Some donors only make quarterly payments.
Some donors prefer to create an endowment through a bequest, or some other form of planned giving.
Some donors prefer to make a multi-year pledge to be paid over a specific period of time.
Some donors prefer to plan the distribution of their estates through revocable living trusts.
Some donors prefer to remain anonymous.
Some donors read, others seem lost in their thoughts.
Some donors remain unidentified even after extensive research.
Some donors report they can feel some effect in their stomach.
Some donors require a higher GPA and more hours per term.
Some donors require a higher rank.
Some donors require such a commitment as a condition of their gift.
Some donors require verification of enrollment or costs.
Some donors use annuities as a creative method of funding a loved one's education.
Some donors wish to contribute to a specific department, program or equipment purchase.
Donors blood is expensive.
Donut holes are actually what's left when the middle is cut out of a donut.
Many donut shops stay open all night long, and now some fast-food joints are making the leap.
A donut is a cake
Donut isa cake.
Donuts are almost impossible to perform.
Donuts are capable of eatens.
Donuts are cheap and good.
Donuts are less controversial, but go better with coffee.
Donuts are located in bakeries.
Donuts are located in conferences.
Donuts are located in police cars.
Donuts are sweets.
Donuts are the most wide-ranging and varied of all the fortified aspics.
Donuts do it with cream or jelly.
Donuts go nicely with coffee.
Donuts have a hole cut out from a round piece of dough.
Donuts have calories.
Donuts have holes.
Donuts start our daily routine.
Donuts taste best after after a few hours of singing.
Donuts top with powder sugar.
Donuts top with sugar.
Most donuts have calories.
Most donuts have holes.
A doodad is stuff
Doodads are our friends.
A doodle is a drawing
Doodle teaches fundamental art concepts, vocabulary, techniques and art history.
Doodle works differently than most paint programs, and has many fans around the world.
Doodles are a few lines on a sheet of paper.
Doodles can also reveal a person's dark side.
Doodles carry an array of symbols.
Doodles Welcome to the page.
A doodlebug is a larva
Doodlebugs are low priority passenger trains.
Any doofus can bottle some fizzy sugar water and name it after goofy dope slang.
Doom appreciates an elaborate plan to wipe the memory from a city's fools.
Doom are easily one of the longest running and most popular crust punk bands around.
Doom become familiar.
Doom begins all negotiations with the atomization of all diplomats.
Doom calls insecure shell scripts as root, leading to easy root compromise.
Doom can sometimes be a goof.
Doom comes in a tempting package and awakening into reality is always rude.
Doom does exactly that.
Doom fanbase out there.
Doom fears little.
Doom is Dead.
Doom is destiny.
Doom is fate
Doom is films.
Doom is video games.
Doom now realizes the true meaning of friendship.
Doom points the way.
Doom prays for death.
Doom runs great too.
Doom runs quite well, with only the rare stutter when lots of monsters appear.
Doom travels in circles.
Doomed lovers meet in Montana after many years of separation.
Doomed shirts are like doomed men with buttons.
Doomeds is people.
Doomsday prophecy is commonplace.
Doomsday scenarios are pass .
A doomsday is fate
Doomsday is here.
Doomsday is seen as cosmic justice.
Doomsday still brings the noise, but the noise is more varied there's even a move toward melody.
Doomsdays come and Doomsdays go, apparently.
Door chains are false security .
Door chains are of little security value.
Door chains are unsafe, so use deadbolts for grater security.
Door chains are unsafe, so use deadbolts for greater security.
Door chains are worthless.
Door chains break easily and don t keep out intruders.
Door closers can be single acting, double acting, overhead or floor.
Door County has more lighthouses than any county in the nation.
Door County has more lighthouses than any other county in the United States.
Door County is a good place to see that because of the magnificent amount of the maple trees.
Door County is a natural paradise.
Door County is also very popular in the fall.
Door County is an ideal classroom for such outdoor education experiences.
Door County is home to a surprisingly large number of real estate organizations.
Door County is located on a narrow peninsula, surrounded by the waters of Lake Michigan.
Door County is one of the most popular getaway destinations in the Midwest.
Door County is one of Wisconsin's most cherished vacation spots.
Door County is so beautiful.
Door County is the thumb of that big mitten.
Door County is undoubtedly a vacation hot spot.
Door County offers beautiful scenery and a wide variety of activities for the whole family.
Door frames are good.
Door frames can also provide protection.
Door games vary from the many card and word games to many kindsof Role Playing Games.
Door gods are often in pairs, one for each side of the door.
Some door handles are nicely curved limbs from the local trees.
Door hangers are again the least successful method of business prospecting.
Door hangers are also in.
Door hangers are another example of the use of die cutting.
Door hangers are pretty effective for advertising when done correctly.
Door hangers make a great ministry tools.
Door hangers template are easy to use.
All door hardware is the original antique.
Door hinges are also critical hardware elements.
Door hinges work loose three times as fast.
Most door hinges are on the inside, safe from a burglar's tools.
Door key is required.
Door knobs latches.
Door knobs made out of cut glass, bronze, iron, and mineral are readily available.
Door lock secures access to disk drive modules.
Door locks are key locks.
Door locks are real estate.
Door locks fit older American cars with post style locks.
Many door locks used in the UK for instance use a bit type key.
A door prize is a prize
Door prize draws.
Door prize is a trip for two to New York.
Door prizes are a fun part of any meeting.
Door prizes are a highly effective way to draw more attendees.
Door prizes are always a part of every meeting.
Door prizes are always appropriate to any event.
Door prizes are fun.
Door prizes are nice.
Door prizes are on the agenda, too.
Door prizes are prizes.
Door prizes are the closing feature of the monthly meeting and most SIG meetings.
Door prizes are TV sets and airline tickets.
Door safety relates to prevention of door-related accidents .
Door stops are approx.
Door switch actuates interior lights.
Door viewers are essential on exterior doors.
A door is a barrier
Door bottoms Several types of door bottom weatherstripping are available.
Door claim up a floor how fold cappuccino coolers.
Door conceals extremely generous interior storage space.
Door finish to match adjacent walls.
Door handle from the people who invented the chees steak.
Door handle is loop.
Door handle rattling transferred from internal doors to external doors.
Door hinges squeal and pop, the wood frame splinters.
Door hinges that allow wider doorway access.
Door installs to open left or right.
Door isa barrier.
Door leading to an L-shaped hallway, stairway to the left.
Door locks standard.
Door mount available.
Door mounting flexibility allows for one step operation.
Door opens and closes.
Door opens and light fills the darkness.
Door opens and lots of girls jump out.
Door opens and man enters.
Door opens and minor consequences if plane is on ground.
Door opens and three or four students come into the room.
Door opens down for easy cleaning.
Door opens down to serve as shelf.
Door opens for legal online delivery of copyrighted music.
Door opens forward.
Door opens free and smoothly.
Door opens left or right to fit anywhere.
Door opens slowly.
Door opens to the right only.
Door opens to the side.
Door opens up with handmade hinges and secures shut with thumb screw.
Door opens while four or five are laughing at sad cube.
Door opens, door closes.
Door opens, large man with hand on shoulder holster enters, looks around, beckons others to follow.
Door prizes as well as trivia contests, and a fun, family oriented evening.
Door prizes for all.
Door prizes for best masks.
Door prizes for everyone donated by local surf shops.
Door prizes for everyone.
Door prizes on the half hour.
Door prizes throughout the day.
Door prizes throughout the evening.
Door prizes to be given away after the run.
Door prizes to be given.
Door prizes to children while they last.
Door prizes to crowd.
Door prizes too.
Door prizes with parking ticket.
Door seek via one brook meanwhile avoid garden hose.
Door seek via one brook meanwhile avoid gardening herbs.
Door stop in a doll's house.
Door stops on all passage doors.
Door swings open and latches closed.
Door total out door france total door black out een.
Door treat via a white fang jack london.
Door trim inside is cleaned up, too, and less old-style, less cluttered.
Doors accept built-in locks or padlocks.
Doors allow for movement between areas.
Doors allows users to define customized views to display and print the objects within a module.
Doors also figure into moving air, as well as machinery.
Doors also have an aesthetic role in creating an impression of what lies beyond.
Doors are a bit trickier.
Doors are about to open.
Doors are alarmed in some halls during the hours of darkness.
Doors are all in place on the walnut pews, hymnals and prayer books on the book rests.
Doors are also a source of decoration, containing wood fretwork and pounded metal door knockers.
Doors are also about access.
Doors are also available separately.
Doors are also instruments of power.
Doors are also velour trimmed.
Doors are always open here.
Doors are always open, and genuine caring pervades.
Doors are always open, and ideas are always entertained and respected.
Doors are always open, even conference room doors.
Doors are always open.
Doors are archways.
Doors are available flush or embossed to simulate a panel door.
Doors are available in a variety of veneers or plastic laminate coverings to match office decor.
Doors are available in plexi-glass, solid or louvered.
Doors are available in white, almond and brown.
Doors are available with a variety of flaps and colors.
Doors are available with cam-action and level swing hinges.
Doors are bands.
Doors are barriers between inside and outside, danger and safety.
Doors are barriers.
Doors are better off and safer being opened towards the shooter rather than being pushed thru.
Doors are bifold.
Doors are capable of closes.
Doors are capable of glass.
Doors are capable of opens.
Doors are clearly important for both RF performance and everyday use with low maintenance.
Doors are closed, and eerie shadows appear on the front, which is made of cloth.
Doors are complete and grills are welded solid frames.
Doors are complete with hardware, thermometer and lights.
Doors are completely removable and have full length double pull zippers.
Doors are cope and rail construction.
Doors are defined as entrances.
Doors are either open or closed.
Doors are entrances to different series.
Doors are entrances.
Doors are entrees.
Doors are equippe with security locks and peep holes.
Doors are essential and beneficial.
Doors are exits.
Doors are factory pre-hung and can be either left or right, in swing or out swing as required.
Doors are factory sanded, ready for primer and painting.
Doors are fairly consistent as well.
Doors are fit by hand and contract hardware is used throughout the pieces.
Doors are four panel with small locks and tortoiseshell knobs.
Doors are good too.
Doors are good.
Doors are hard to close.
Doors are important in the imagery of the book.
Doors are important.
Doors are instruments of power.
Doors are just one of many trainlined subsystems.
Doors are laser engraved and cut with extra bracing and latch detail added.
Doors are left unlocked, there are no televisions or phones.
Doors are level with arena floor.
Doors are located in apartments.
Doors are located in buildings.
Doors are located in buses.
Doors are located in cars.
Doors are located in classrooms.
Doors are located in front doors.
Doors are located in internet cafes.
Doors are located in libraries.
Doors are located in motels.
Doors are located in offices.
Doors are located in rooms.
Doors are located in schools.
Doors are located in subways.
Doors are located in theaters.
Doors are located in walls.
Doors are lockable.
Doors are much larger than on other midsize SUVs, providing easy access for passengers.
Doors are often a character-defining feature of the architectural style of a building.
Doors are often a particle core board with high pressure laminate.
Doors are on the south side.
Doors are open for hospitality and locked for safety sometimes in fear.
Doors are open on either side of the room.
Doors are open one hour before concert time.
Doors are open to guests one hour prior to the start of the respective graduation ceremony.
Doors are open, and contact with students, staff, and faculty is encouraged.
Doors are open.
Doors are opening for Midwest value-added access to venture capital, fund manager says.
Doors are openings.
Doors are optional.
Doors are part of an aircraft.
Doors are part of doorways.
Doors are part of everyday life, dividing the inside from the outside.
Doors are part of houses.
Doors are passageways.
Doors are powder coated black.
Doors are powerful images.
Doors are practically maintenance-free.
Doors are rectangular shapeds.
Doors are rooms.
Doors are saviors.
Doors are self latching and closing.
Doors are self-closing.
Doors are significant in preventing the spread of fire .
Doors are single panel.
Doors are smashed, the interior is ruined and the contributions of the faithful have been taken.
Doors are solid hardwood or metal-clad.
Doors are solids.
Doors are still available for exiting but anyplace that people enter is a controlled point.
Doors are still doors.
Doors are structures.
Doors are subject to wear and tear by people and by weather.
Doors are tempered glass with wooden pull handles and brass plated hinges.
Doors are the great mystery to dogs.
Doors are the primary and windows are the secondary ways of exit.
Doors are the second point of entry for residential burglaries.
Doors are thick, wide, and heavy.
Doors are to be closed and locked.
Doors are to be locked during off duty hours.
Doors are too heavy for handicapped.
Doors are too small for ease of movement.
Doors are under porch with satellite dish on top.
Doors are unlocked and crime is practically non-existent.
Doors are unlocked in case of fire.
Doors are used for exits.
Doors are used for limit access.
Doors are used for passage.
Doors are used for separating rooms.
Doors are useless unless aligned with a corresponding passage in the original wall.
Doors are usually unlocked.
Doors are very solid, are better sound barriers than particleboard doors.
Doors are wide and the bath is private with a shower.
Doors are wide enough for a wheelchair.
Doors are wide enough to accomodate a wheelchair at the entrances and restrooms.
Doors are wide enough to allow furniture to be carried through.
Doors aregames specifically written to be played on BBS'es by people at home utilizingthe modem.
Doors automatically lock when ignition is started and unlock when ignition is turned off.
Doors automatically lock when residents enter the building.
Doors bang helplessly against their frames, windows shudder under the strain.
Doors banging and people shouting can be very disruptive during sessions.
Doors bear the original brass knobs and etched glass windows marked by the state seal.
Doors become standard within months.
Doors behave in a similar manner to windows.
Doors can also be custom designed.
Doors can also be grahams.
Doors can be also make of pretzel sticks glued together.
Doors can be unlocked to retrieve forgotten items by request.
Doors can have large gaps between frames and thresholds.
Doors can hold back smoke and fire and allow more time to escape.
Doors can suffer from rot in the lower regions and spare doors are becoming scarce.
Doors cave in effortlessly when nudged in the side by another car.
Doors Check that the doors fit correctly with even gaps all round.
Doors Click a page to view on the left.
Doors Click on an image to enlarge it.
Doors close at midnight.
Doors close at showtime.
Doors close automatically.
Doors close flush with face of housing.
Doors close off each space.
Doors close promptly at show time.
Doors close promptly at the designated time.
Doors come either dependent or independent of each other.
Doors come open.
Doors comprise a significant part of the envelope of the finished building.
Doors control which pips the particles leave from.
Doors creak open and shut.
Doors creak open, allowing the sharp banter of pots and pans to spill from the kitchen.
Doors create the back and sides and Victorian trim hides the raw edges with a decorative touch.
Doors disperse shots in random directions.
Doors divide, hide, insulate.
Doors do swing open, but the pressures to live up to the family name can be crippling.
Doors don t always unlock by turning the key towards the door.
Doors express our individual and family personalities, literally and figuratively.
Doors feature wide-angle peepholes at heights everyone can use.
Doors generally open one hour before the event start time.
Doors give access to a rear porch and a studio annexe, complete with en-suite shower room.
Doors give access to private individual smoking chambers.
Doors go into emergency evacuation mode, sliding to a locked-open position on battery power.
Doors hang open and sag.
Doors have (part) bases.
Doors have (part) keyholes.
Doors have (part) sections.
Doors have a full-length continuous hinge.
Doors have archs.
Doors have construction.
Doors have continous hinges.
Doors have easy-grip level handles.
Doors have handles.
Doors have hollow core construction.
Doors have key-code locks and are kept secure at all times.
Doors have knobs and shapes inside of it.
Doors have lever exit handles that can be opened by the disabled.
Doors have louvers.
Doors have magnetic interlocks.
Doors have many ads concerning rents, roommates, and furniture.
Doors have mechanisms.
Doors have push-latches.
Doors have self-closers in case of fire.
Doors have self-closing hinges.
Doors have spring mechanisms.
Doors have steel inner structures for personal protection.
Doors have their bursting point, and that's a wonderful way to destroy a good crystal.
Doors have to be more than just cover holes in the walls.
Doors have window bars.
Doors hold every shape and every rank.
Doors is another.
Doors is for the upscale digerati.
Doors is great, and getting much better.
Doors keep out deadly smoke, heat and gases, and increase the time available for escape.
Doors keep some things out.
Doors know how to open, windows know when to close and open.
Doors lead from the family room out to a private wooded deck with the hot tub.
Doors lead from the upper rooms on to the wall walk.
Doors lead into the house and out to the front porch from here.
Doors lead north to the dessert department, south to the cheese corner, and west to the salad bar.
Doors lead onto a veranda where refreshments can be served during the summer months.
Doors lead out onto sunny, warm decks.
Doors lead out onto the covered patio which also has a table for eight.
Doors lead out to a generous balcony covered with a profusion of brightly colored plants.
Doors lead to double parlors that are connected by sliding paneled doors.
Doors lead to pit proper and pit improper .
Doors lead to rooms.
Doors lead to single rooms.
Doors lead to the first floor terrace.
Doors lead to the hall and to the Croquet Lawn.
Doors lead to the mezzanine and fare control is at street level.
Doors lead west and north.
Doors leading in from the main entrance are all glass.
Doors leading into the runway are blue, so the corresponding handle is blue.
Doors let some things in.
Doors lock and computers shut off by themselves.
Doors lock for security.
Doors Make sure each outside door has a dead-bolt lock.
Doors Make sure entry doors are made of solid wood, fiberglass or steel.
Doors make the ride up faster and more fuel efficient.
Doors mark and direct entry into a particular place.
Doors mean slamming.
Doors normally open approximately one hour prior to events.
Doors normally open one hour prior to the event.
Doors open a half an hour prior to show times.
Doors open a half hour before screening time.
Doors open a half hour before showtime.
Doors open a half-hour before shows.
Doors open after initates seated, shortl before the ceremony.
Doors open after midnight.
Doors open an hour before each event begins.
Doors open an hour before first showtime.
Doors open an hour before the concert.
Doors open and fold almost flush with the sides of desks.
Doors open approximately one half-hour prior to curtain.
Doors open at eight o'clock, so get there early.
Doors open at eight, the show begins at ten.
Doors open at least an hour before Arena performances.
Doors open at midnight.
Doors open at noon and admission is free.
Doors open at noon for donations.
Doors open at noon.
Doors open at ten.
Doors open at the meeting times listed for weigh-in and registration of all members.
Doors open automatically.
Doors open before, during and after school hours, with liberal circulation policies.
Doors open by coercion And worn colourful clothes Come out with souvenir patches Of rusty colours.
Doors open by themselves, money and keys have turned into plastic cards.
Doors open by themselves.
Doors open early for inspection of the menagerie.
Doors open every moment.
Doors open fifteen minutes before showtime.
Doors open fifteen minutes prior to the performance.
Doors open flush with cabinet sides.
Doors open for guests approximately one hour prior to events.
Doors open for guests, and graduates line-up for procession.
Doors open for individuals prepared with advanced nursing knowledge.
Doors open for lunch at restaurants in the complex.
Doors open for registration and entry at least one hour before the chat is scheduled to begin.
Doors open half an hour before the performance, seats are on a first come - first served basis.
Doors open half an hour prior to screening and close thirty minutes after listed screening time.
Doors open half-hour before performance.
Doors open into new spaces, experiences and knowledge.
Doors open into rooms they serve.
Doors open into the central core at each level.
Doors open like camera apertures.
Doors open like sliding doors.
Doors open mysteriously.
Doors open on their own, picture frames fall.
Doors open on their own, pictures fall, and a mysterious image of a woman appears.
Doors open one half hour before class for registration.
Doors open one half hour before concerts begins.
Doors open one half hour prior to concert time.
Doors open one half hour prior to concert.
Doors open one half hour prior to curtain time.
Doors open one hour before curtain.
Doors open one hour before each ceremony.
Doors open one hour before scheduled show time.
Doors open one hour before scheduled show times.
Doors open one hour before show time.
Doors open one hour before showtime.
Doors open one hour before starting time.
Doors open one hour before the program starts.
Doors open one hour before the show for a petting zoo and concert.
Doors open one hour prior to competition each session.
Doors open one hour prior to each concert.
Doors open one hour prior to performances.
Doors open one hour prior to the performance time.
Doors open one hour prior to the performance.
Doors open one-half hour before concert begins.
Doors open one-half hour before each show.
Doors open one-half hour prior to show.
Doors open onto a choir practice, a jazz band, a corps of ballerinas, dramatic soliloquies.
Doors open onto platforms at each end of the car.
Doors open our mouths to the street.
Doors open out on to garden and sparkling swimming pool.
Doors open out to a deck with a ramp leading down to ground level .
Doors open outward.
Doors open the way they are angled on the plan.
Doors open they never knew existed.
Doors open to allow access to the suction table and object.
Doors open to support weight of swinging drawers.
Doors open two hours before each performance for buffet and cash bar.
Doors open two hours before each show for buffet and cash bar.
Doors open two hours before each show for cash bar and buffet.
Doors open unexpectedly.
Doors open up from everyday reality into miracles.
Doors open wide for easy access into and out of the booth.
Doors open wide for easy access.
Doors open wide for easy entry and the step-in is barely higher than a regular car.
Doors open wide to disclose comfortable white and blue leather seats with contrasting red carpet.
Doors open wide, allowing opportunities to walk right in.
Doors open, and close, as if by an unseen hand.
Doors open, doors close, and memories linger.
Doors open, doors close.
Doors open, hoods lift to reveal colorfully detailed engines, and in some models, trunk lids open.
Doors open, registration begins.
Doors pivot, swing up and slide in above the top of the books.
Doors pop off for easy cleaning or storage.
Doors pop open in climb or just after.
Doors provide security.
Doors recede on nylon glides.
Doors remain locked at all times.
Doors remain locked during warm-up.
Doors require a separate lock, therefore, units with doors and drawers require two locks.
Doors serve as strong barriers or welcoming entrances.
Doors serve the auditorium platform.
Doors ship for less and have less damage empty.
Doors shown without drawer fronts indicate availability in wall and tall cabinets only.
Doors slam and hilarity abounds as the couples get more and more crazed trying to sort things out.
Doors slam and laughs abound as the couples get more crazed trying to sort things out.
Doors slam and mysteriously lock.
Doors slam and the hallway empties.
Doors slam and there is silence.
Doors slam over and over.
Doors slam, and the floorboards walk weighed with invisible feet.
Doors slide into the side pockets when equipment is in use.
Doors slide on track with easy rolling nylon rollers.
Doors slide open to reveal wood walls, parquet floors, golden lighting.
Doors spring open.
Doors start opening.
Doors stay unlocked.
Doors stick in damp weather, and chairs pull apart when it's dry.
Doors still swing easily and windows hold fragments of glass.
Doors swing back when they open.
Doors swing heavy on their hinges.
Doors swing open easily without squeaking or rubbing.
Doors swing open or close.
Doors swing open or closed.
Doors swing open, pictures fall, the electricity goes off and on.
Doors swing slowly.
Doors swing within cabinet dimensions.
Doors swing, close, open.
Doors swing, close, or open.
Doors swing, open, close.
Doors tend to be mounted flush with the inside face for aesthetics and ease of operation.
Doors unlock automatically upon airbag deployment.
Doors use custom made rollers for quiet and easy movement.
Doors Use doorstops and door holders to protect baby's fingers.
Doors Use doorstops and door holders to protect fingers.
Doors weigh three to eight tons.
Doors usually have a configuration program or file containing various options.
Doors usually open about two hours before the first show of the night.
Doors usually open one-half hour prior to the start of each performance.
All door lock configurations, trunk release, two other options.
All door proceeds go to Equinox.
All doors are automatic and there are lifts between all the floors in the Terminals.
All doors are automatic opening, and anywhere there are stairs, an escalator or ramp also exists.
All doors are automatic.
All doors are available as entrance doors, with sidelites available to complement the door designs .
All doors are available either with or without electrically driven shutters.
All doors are closed and locked.
All doors are closed.
All doors are custom made for each installation.
All doors are fully lockable for security purposes.
All doors are glass.
All doors are laser cut and matched to their original frames for a precise fit that resists prying.
All doors are laser-cut and matched to their original frames for a precise fit that resists prying.
All doors are of teak and the shutters and other woodwork are of Oregon pine.
All doors are open to courtesy.
All doors are open.
All doors are padlockable, with rugged three-point latching.
All doors are solid core and the kitchen is complete including sink, cabinets and hot water.
All doors are three feet wide, and have lever handles.
All doors are to be either secured or monitored.
All doors are to be locked.
All doors come fully assembled and are easily installed with common household tools.
All doors completely fold back and effortlessly lift off for easy cleaning or storage.
All doors employ a mortise lock for security.
All doors have an individual lock.
All doors have stainless steel hinges.
All doors indicate that they are partially open.
All doors lead to centers, walls.
All doors lock automatically when driver shifts vehicle into forward or reverse gear.
All doors open both ways so pets can come and go, and close after pet has gone through.
All doors open manually.
All doors open.
All doors raise and slide back.
All doors sre available in a variety of finishes, such as anodized, mill or painted.
Every door has a key that unlocks it.
Every door has a Tyger behind it.
Every door has a vertical flange which creates a continuous door strike.
Every door has to be dug out, and other entranceways and sidewalks cleared.
Every door includes toughened glass and a multipoint locking system as standard.
Every door is a lesson in leaving.
Every door is a passage between experiences, between states of awareness.
Every door is an entryway to opportunity.
Every door is barr d with gold, and opens but to golden keys.
Every door is barr'd with gold, and opens but to golden keys.
Every door is closed.
Every door is locked separately and the windows are heavily barred, so that escape is impossible.
Every door is meticulously handcrafted and can be an entirely custom design.
Every door is meticulously handcrafted and can be custom designed.
Every door is open to American and Japanese investors.
Every door is open to the chaplain.
Every door opens a view more beautiful than the one before.
Many door locking devices fail to operate correctly even with a small voltage reduction.
Many door prizes available.
Many doors also have Arabic script carved above the entryway.
Many doors are open into the future.
Many doors are open to the students to gain confidence and success in their studies.
Many doors have two or more locks.
Many doors retain their cast iron panel locks with porcelain knobs.
More door prizes than ever before More attendees than ever before More organized.
Most doors are content to stay closed all their lives.
Most doors can come in many wood species and finishes.
Most doors have a command line switch, or some other way of runing the door in 'local' mode.
Most doors have construction.
Most doors have hollow core construction.
Most doors have levellers.
Most doors have mechanisms.
Most doors have spring mechanisms.
Most doors have windows, some with beveled or leaded glass in decorative patterns.
Most doors just lead to other doors.
Most doors lead to rooms.
Most doors lead to single rooms.
Most doors provide security.
Some doors are closed, some are open.
Some doors are closed.
Some doors are covered by black curtains.
Some doors are covered by curtains.
Some doors are heavier than others.
Some doors are made of metal.
Some doors are made of sheet metal.
Some doors are more powerful than others.
Some doors are open and others are closed.
Some doors are open, some are closed, that's why collaboration is needed with the outside.
Some doors are part of doorways.
Some doors are part of walls.
Some doors are quite heavy.
Some doors are still closed.
Some doors connect kitchens.
Some doors convert to perches, as do the tops of some cages.
Some doors draw attention.
Some doors face tents.
Some doors get strong wind.
Some doors get wind.
Some doors have airtight seals.
Some doors have big metal plates at arm-level.
Some doors have bullet holes.
Some doors have holes.
Some doors have latches.
Some doors have low overhead clearance.
Some doors have original doorknobs and lock sets.
Some doors have seals.
Some doors have self-storing pockets for the glass in summer, and an insect screen for the winter.
Some doors have small windows.
Some doors have tight seals.
Some doors have windows.
Some doors lead to chambers.
Some doors lead to kitchens.
Some doors lead to unexpected destinations.
Some doors revolve.
A doorbell is a button
Doorbell isa mechanism.
Doorbells are among the easiest, least expensive electrical repairs.
Doorbells have (part) sections.
A doorjamb is a vertical
Doorjambs are too low.
A doorkeeper is an official
Doorkeepers are often helpful.
Doorkeepers often stand for long periods.
A doorknob is a knob
Doorknob isa knob.
Doorknobs are a small, cheap portable item that quickly make a place look more expensive than it is.
Doorknobs are construction materials.
Doorknobs are eye-level.
Doorknobs are knobs.
Doorknobs are located in front doors.
Doorknobs are located in rooms.
Doorknobs are man-made.
Doorknobs are mechanical devices.
Doorknobs are often different.
Doorknobs are part of doors.
Doorknobs are parts.
Doorknobs become eyes Anchors become feet.
Doorknobs turn, doors open and close, and a rush of air follows as if someone is walking through.
All doorknobs come with doorstops.
All doorknobs turn, all latches latch.
Most doorknobs can accommodate different backsets.
Some doorknobs are part of abbeys.
Some doorknobs are part of architecture.
Some doorknobs are part of barns.
Some doorknobs are part of buildings.
Some doorknobs are part of bungalows.
Some doorknobs are part of cafes.
Some doorknobs are part of castles.
Some doorknobs are part of cathedrals.
Some doorknobs are part of churches.
Some doorknobs are part of convents.
Some doorknobs are part of coops.
Some doorknobs are part of cottages.
Some doorknobs are part of cowsheds.
Some doorknobs are part of farmhouses.
Some doorknobs are part of garages.
Some doorknobs are part of greenhouses.
Some doorknobs are part of hospitals.
Some doorknobs are part of hotels.
Some doorknobs are part of houses.
Some doorknobs are part of inns.
Some doorknobs are part of kennels.
Some doorknobs are part of manors.
Some doorknobs are part of monasteries.
Some doorknobs are part of mosques.
Some doorknobs are part of observatories.
Some doorknobs are part of palaces.
Some doorknobs are part of pubs.
Some doorknobs are part of restaurants.
Some doorknobs are part of rinks.
Some doorknobs are part of skyscrapers.
Some doorknobs are part of stables.
Some doorknobs are part of temples.
Some doorknobs are part of theaters.
Some doorknobs are part of theatres.
A doorlock is a lock
Doorlocks are of international security standard.
A doorman is a guard
Doormen take wraps and fan the ladies.
Doormen tend to have day jobs or do other work at the bar.
A doormat is a person
Doormat has a non-skid rubber backing and a durable polypropylene web trim.
Doormat isa individual.
Doormat isa person.
Doormat isa somebody.
Doormat isa someone.
Doormats are a common sight at almost any residential or commercial setting.
Doormats are a message of their own.
Doormats are especially essential in homes with pets .
Doormats are located in doorways.
Doormats are located in front doors.
Doormats are located in hallways.
Doormats are located in porchs.
Doormats are located in stores.
Doormats are made of atoms.
Doormats are mats.
Doormats are rugs.
Doormats are used for decoration.
Doormats are women who deny themselves, or who act like martyrs.
Doormats have (part) arms.
Doormats have (part) body substances.
Doormats have (part) cell membranes.
Doormats have (part) cells.
Doormats have (part) corpi.
Doormats have (part) cytoplasm.
Doormats have (part) heads.
Doormats have (part) human bodies.
Doormats have (part) legs.
Doormats have (part) material bodies.
Doormats have (part) necks.
Doormats have (part) nuclei.
Doormats have (part) personality.
Doormats have (part) plasma membranes.
Doormats have (part) sections.
Doormats have (part) vacuoles.
Doormats turn their own personal power over to others.
Doormats often have an excess of apologizing for small discomforts.
A doorpost is a vertical
Doorposts keep the cattle from entering the family's sleeping quarters.
Doors Doors constitute a serious weakness in a good wall.
Doorstep isa device.
Doorsteps have (part) sections.
Some doorsteps are part of abbeys.
Some doorsteps are part of architecture.
Some doorsteps are part of barns.
Some doorsteps are part of buildings.
Some doorsteps are part of bungalows.
Some doorsteps are part of cafes.
Some doorsteps are part of castles.
Some doorsteps are part of cathedrals.
Some doorsteps are part of churches.
Some doorsteps are part of convents.
Some doorsteps are part of coops.
Some doorsteps are part of cottages.
Some doorsteps are part of cowsheds.
Some doorsteps are part of doorways.
Some doorsteps are part of farmhouses.
Some doorsteps are part of garages.
Some doorsteps are part of greenhouses.
Some doorsteps are part of hospitals.
Some doorsteps are part of hotels.
Some doorsteps are part of houses.
Some doorsteps are part of inns.
Some doorsteps are part of kennels.
Some doorsteps are part of manors.
Some doorsteps are part of monasteries.
Some doorsteps are part of mosques.
Some doorsteps are part of observatories.
Some doorsteps are part of palaces.
Some doorsteps are part of pubs.
Some doorsteps are part of restaurants.
Some doorsteps are part of rinks.
Some doorsteps are part of skyscrapers.
Some doorsteps are part of stables.
Some doorsteps are part of temples.
Some doorsteps are part of theaters.
Some doorsteps are part of theatres.
Some doorsteps are part of walls.
Doorway page is a special page optimized to rank well on a search engine.
Doorway pages provide information about the sites' dynamic content.
A doorway is an entrance
Doorway isa entrance.
Doorway isa entry.
Doorways appear as gaps in the rows of posts at the ends of the houses on floor plan maps.
Doorways are also bad, particularly the main household egress.
Doorways are also important for another reason.
Doorways are entrances.
Doorways are excellent safety zones.
Doorways are good locations for control joints.
Doorways are indoor space.
Doorways are located in airports.
Doorways are located in bedrooms.
Doorways are located in buildings.
Doorways are located in castles.
Doorways are located in homes.
Doorways are located in libraries.
Doorways are located in rooms.
Doorways are located in walls.
Doorways are no safer than elsewhere in the home.
Doorways are part of walls.
Doorways are portals.
Doorways are simple, straight, square and sturdy.
Doorways are used for closing doors.
Doorways are used for entries.
Doorways are used for opening doors.
Doorways are used for safety.
Doorways are well lighted.
Doorways are wider.
Doorways form the links between manageable units of space.
Doorways give the engine a search-friendly page instead of a possibly hostile home page.
Doorways have (part) bases.
Doorways have (part) doors.
Doorways have (part) doorsteps.
Doorways have (part) readsides.
Doorways have (part) sections.
Doorways have a ramp.
Doorways is a program for the future.
Doorways is more than a scholarship program.
Doorways lure one inside.
Doorways seem forever blocked or locked.
Doorways seem so small from a wheelchair.
Doorways stand wide enough for wheelchairs.
Doorways often have sidelights and semi-elliptical fanlights.
All doorways are wide enough for a wheelchair to pass easily through.
Many doorways have thresholds which can be barriers.
Some doorways are part of ballrooms.
Some doorways are part of bathrooms.
Some doorways are part of bedrooms.
Some doorways are part of cabins.
Some doorways are part of cabs.
Some doorways are part of classrooms.
Some doorways are part of cloakrooms.
Some doorways are part of discos.
Some doorways are part of foyers.
Some doorways are part of galleries.
Some doorways are part of halls.
Some doorways are part of hallways.
Some doorways are part of johns.
Some doorways are part of kitchens.
Some doorways are part of libraries.
Some doorways are part of lockers.
Some doorways are part of loos.
Some doorways are part of nurseries.
Some doorways are part of pantries.
Some doorways are part of playrooms.
Some doorways are part of rooms.
Some doorways are part of saloons.
Some doorways are part of sculleries.
Some doorways are part of stalls.
Some doorways are part of walls.
Some doorways begin where others end.
Dopamine agonists are drugs that work like dopamine in the brain.
Dopamine antagonists produce an age-dependent increase in the responding of the young chick.
Dopamine neurons make glutamatergic synapses in vitro.
Dopamine neurons report an error in the temporal prediction of reward during learning.
Dopamine receptors get a boost.
Dopamine transporters participate in the physiological regulation of prolactin.
Dopamine acts as a messenger that controls movements.
Dopamine affects dreams , motivation , and sexual gratification , too .
Dopamine affects dreams, motivation, and sexual gratification, too.
Dopamine affects parvalbumin expression during cortical development in vitro.
Dopamine agonists combine with dopamine receptors to mimic dopamine actions.
Dopamine alone has five known brain receptors.
Dopamine also balances the body's appetite for food.
Dopamine also causes growth hormone release.
Dopamine also mediates the reinforcing effects of virtually all drugs of abuse.
Dopamine also stimulates the production of oxytocin.
Dopamine appears to function as an inhibitor.
Dopamine binds to receptor on post synaptic neuron to induce impulse transmission.
Dopamine binds to uptake receptors on pre synaptic neuron for uptake and reuse.
Dopamine brings on feelings of euphoria which helps to explain why cocaine users keep using.
Dopamine builds up in the nervous system, producing the euphoria associated with cocaine use.
Dopamine can have either an excitatory or inhibitory effect on the postsynaptic potential.
Dopamine carries messages around the brain.
Dopamine causes nausea.
Dopamine contributes to the action selection process in at least two important ways.
Dopamine contributes to the feelings of bliss and regulates feeling of pain in the body.
Dopamine controls our sense of accomplishment and the cycle of addiction.
Dopamine depresses glutamatergic transmission in the rat parabrachial nucleus in vitro.
Dopamine depresses synaptic inputs into the olfactory bulb.
Dopamine does have several different receptor types.
Dopamine excites striatal neurons in the direct pathway.
Dopamine exerts a strong sympathetic effect on the heart and peripheral blood vessels.
Dopamine exerts an inotropic effect on the myocardium resulting in an increased cardiac output.
Dopamine goes up in the light, melatonin goes down.
Dopamine has differing activities based on doses used.
Dopamine has many jobs and responsibilities in the brain .
Dopamine has many jobs and responsibilities in the brain.
Dopamine helps carry messages in the brain.
Dopamine helps transmit signals within the brain.
Dopamine increases excitability of pyramidal neurons in primate prefrontal cortex.
Dopamine inhibits and regulates muscle control.
Dopamine inhibits vasopressin-dependent camp production in the rat cortical collecting duct.
Dopamine inhibits vasopressin-dependent cAMP production in the rat cortical collecting duct.
Dopamine inhibits voltage-activated calcium channel currents in rat pars intermedia cells.
Dopamine is a brain chemical that helps produce feelings of pleasure and satisfaction.
Dopamine is a central nervous system neurotransmitter, which is involved in modulating movement.
Dopamine is a chemical believed to be involved in aggression and self-injury.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain producing feelings of satisfaction or pleasure.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain that acts as a link to messages being sent to brain receptors.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain that acts as a neurotransmitter.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain that allows neurons to talk to each other.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain that helps control the body's muscle activity.
Dopamine is a chemical messenger responsible for transmitting signals within the brain.
Dopamine is a chemical messenger that transmits impulses from one nerve cell to another.
Dopamine is a chemical messenger that transmits signals between nerve cells.
Dopamine is a chemical needed by other nerve cells that control movement.
Dopamine is a chemical produced by the brain, which is involved in communication between nerves.
Dopamine is a chemical produced in the brain that controls movement.
Dopamine is a chemical produced in the brain that enhances pleasure.
Dopamine is a chemical that helps the brain transmit nerve signals.
Dopamine is a chemical that is necessary for neuromuscular function.
Dopamine is a chemical that transmits electrical signals to and from the brain.
Dopamine is a chemical used to make meth.
Dopamine is a chemical which facilitates the flow of impulses from nerve cells.
Dopamine is a chemical which helps transmit nerve impulses.
Dopamine is a common chemical in the brain that helps pass messages between nerve cells.
Dopamine is a derivative of the amino acid tyrosine.
Dopamine is a hormone-like substance that facilitates critical brain functions.
Dopamine is a key neurotransmitter in the brain.
Dopamine is a key that opens a lock.
Dopamine is a monoamine
Dopamine is a natural chemical in the brain that is usually released only in small amounts.
Dopamine is a natural neurotransmitter that helps the brain regulate movement and emotions.
Dopamine is a neurochemical that transmits nerve signals necessary for normal muscle movements.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter found in the limbic system that controls emotional responses.
Dopamine is a neuro-transmitter found primarily in the basal ganglia of the brain.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter in the brain that is associated with pleasure.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter in the brain.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter linked with movement, attention span and certain bodily sensations.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter mostly found in the basal ganglia.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter necessary for normal cognitive function.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that appears to be associated with pleasure.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that determines a variety of critical brain functions.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that influences how brain cells communicate with each other.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that is intimately involved in reward and pleasure.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that is involved in many important cognitive functions.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that regulates neuronal communication within the basal ganglia.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter which affects sexuality, locomotion, mood, tissue growth and repair.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter which is critical for normal movement.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, a chemical that cells use to send messages to each other.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, a chemical that helps to pass messages between nerve cells.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, a substance involved in transmitting nerve impulses.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, or chemical that carries messages to the body.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, or message-carrying chemical, linked with feelings of euphoria.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter, or message-carrying chemical, that is involved in movement.
Dopamine is a potent drug.
Dopamine is a powerful inhibitor of prolactin.
Dopamine is a rapidly acting compound.
Dopamine is a sample neurotransmitter that is useful in understanding addiction.
Dopamine is a sample neurotransmitter useful in understanding addiction.
Dopamine is a signaling chemical in the brain involved in many of the body's processes.
Dopamine is a type of brain chemical called a neurotransmitter .
Dopamine is a type of brain chemical called a neurotransmitter.
Dopamine is a very important substance in many different ways.
Dopamine is a very important transmitter, particularly in central motor function.
Dopamine is an important chemical found in the brain .
Dopamine is an important chemical found in the brain.
Dopamine is an important neurotransmitter in the brain.
Dopamine is an important neurotransmitter.
Dopamine is an inhibitory neurotransmitter involved in mood and the control of complex movements.
Dopamine is an intermediate product in the catecholamine pathway.
Dopamine is another neurotransmitter.
Dopamine is another reward neurotransmitter.
Dopamine is antagonist to prolactin.
Dopamine is associated with movement, thought, motivation, and pleasure.
Dopamine is associated with pleasure and a sense of alertness.
Dopamine is catecholamines.
Dopamine is converted by dopamine beta hydroxylase into norepinephrine .
Dopamine is essential for initiating and coordinating the libido responses.
Dopamine is essential for initiating the coordinating movement and sexual arousal.
Dopamine is formed from the amino acid L-dopa.
Dopamine is found in neurons unevenly distributed in the brain.
Dopamine is found in the brain and plays a role in maintaining a sense of awareness and well-being.
Dopamine is implicated in behavioral responses to all addicting drugs.
Dopamine is involved in feelings of pleasure.
Dopamine is involved in locomotor function, motivation, and reward-oriented behavior.
Dopamine is involved in mood, energy, sexual drive, concentration, memory and muscle movement.
Dopamine is involved in producing movement.
Dopamine is involved in sex drive, mood, alertness, and movement.
Dopamine is involved with our natural reward system.
Dopamine is largely responsible for stimulating movement and other motor behavior in the brain.
Dopamine is linked to many functions and emotional responses.
Dopamine is made from the amino acid tyrosine.
Dopamine is manufactured in the substantia nigra.
Dopamine is needed to transmit the signals that control body movements to and from the brain.
Dopamine is neurotransmitters.
Dopamine is one of several such chemical transmitters found in the brain.
Dopamine is one of the chemicals that allow communication between nerves in the brain.
Dopamine is one of the most important neurotransmitters involved in the human sexual response.
Dopamine is produced by an amino acid called tyrosine.
Dopamine is produced elsewhere in the brain too, and plays many roles in the body.
Dopamine is produced in the substantia nigra.
Dopamine is questioned as central to addiction.
Dopamine is released in excess concentrations in psychosis.
Dopamine is released when animals eat, have sex, or learn.
Dopamine is responsible for the enzymic browning of sliced banana.
Dopamine is responsible for transmitting signals within the brain.
Dopamine is stored in special storage containers calledvesicles located within the synaptic buttons.
Dopamine is stored on synaptic vesicles.
Dopamine is synthesized by a two step process from the l-amino acid tyrosine.
Dopamine is the brain's focusing agent.
Dopamine is the chemical that carries 'messages' from one nerve to the other.
Dopamine is the chemical that cocaine and many antidepressants affect.
Dopamine is the hormone that controls pleasure levels.
Dopamine is the immediate precursor of epinephrine in the body.
Dopamine IS the molecule of survival.
Dopamine is the primary brain chemical involved in generating pleasure.
Dopamine is the signal used by the neurones in the brain area most affected by the disease.
Dopamine is the thing that gets released a lot when using cocaine.
Dopamine is the transmitter mediating nigrostriatal inputs.
Dopamine is ultimately necessary for human muscles to function normally.
Dopamine is under particular scrutiny.
Dopamine is under particularly scrutiny.
Dopamine is used as a neurotransmitter in dopaminergic neurons.
Dopamine is used as a neurotransmitter in most multicellular animals.
Dopamine is used by the brain to act as a messenger between cells.
Dopamine is used in early septic shock and in distributive shock.
Dopamine is vital to mental function and also seems to play a role in sex drive.
Dopamine is vital to mental function and seems to play a role in sex drive.
Dopamine is vital to normal brain function.
Dopamine locks on to receptor molecules on brain cells and directs their behaviour.
Dopamine modulates female sexual receptivity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Dopamine normally inhibits the outflow of electricity from the subthalamic nucleus.
Dopamine occurs especially as a neurotransmitter in the brain.
Dopamine plays a crucial role in the brain's activity.
Dopamine plays a major role in the regulation of appetite and growth hormone.
Dopamine plays a role in controlling physical movement as well as emotions.
Dopamine plays a role in movement and in feelings of pleasure.
Dopamine plays an important role in controlling movement, emotion and cognition.
Dopamine plays important roles around the body, though still a lot is unknown.
Dopamine produces two different effects on the biological preparation.
Dopamine reduces the symptoms.
Dopamine regulates movement and is also intimately involved with mood and motivation.
Dopamine regulates prolactin gene function by binding to specific G-protein coupled receptors.
Dopamine relays messages in the part of the brain that controls muscle movement.
Dopamine requires the unoccupied progesterone receptor to induce sexual behavior in mice.
Dopamine serves as a chemical messenger helping to control muscle activities.
Dopamine serves as the major prolactin-inhibiting factor or brake on prolactin secretion.
Dopamine sets a person's pleasure and pain levels.
Dopamine stimulates the pituitary gland to produce a hormone which burns fat and builds muscle.
Dopamine stimulates the production of oxytocin.
Dopamine then accumulates in the surviving nerve cells.
Dopamine then builds up in the gap synapse between neurons.
Dopamine triggers numerous nerve impulses that affect muscle movement.
Dopamine works with acetylcholine in the brain to maintain steady movement.
Some dopamine is recycled, it is absorbedby the neuron and stored once again within a vesicle.
Dopaminergic input is thought to modulate the activity of neurons within the nucleus accumbens.
Every dope addict comes out of somebody's home.
Dope is ganja
Any dope knows what a natural is.
Doped nylon covering over the whole structure completes the model.
Doped polymers can have very unusual magnetic properties.
Doped semiconductors are referred to as extrinsic .
Doped semiconductors have extra bands in the forbidden gap.
A doppelganger is a mythical creature
Doppelgangers are ghostly doubles of living people.
Doppelgangers are immune to sleep and charm effects.
Doppelgangers are spirit.
Doppelgangers can be mischievous and malicious.
DORA agencies have many diverse customers, often with conflicting interests and expectations.
DORA divisions have records stored in many locations.
All dorade ventilators are large stainless cowl type.
Dorado fishing is decent, with lots of roosterfish, pompano and jacks inside.
Dorian elements predominate life, in particular language.
Dorian recordings are available at many record shops.
Dorian tribes invade Peloponnesus.
Dorian warriors perform the dance before an audience.
Doric column is a cylindrical shaft with a square capital or top on the shaft.
Doric columns give it a majestic quality.
Doric columns support an entablature highlighted by a denticulated cornice.
Doric columns support an open porch at the second floor.
Doric pilasters enhance the major entryways.
A dork is a misfit
Dork has no substance.
Dork is a jerk.
Dork is a military guy.
Dork is cardbardy.
Dork is kind of like dick and jerk combined, with a little dweeb thrown in for good measure.
Dork means stupid, awkward person. .
Dorks are diverse, complex and therefore flawed.
More dorks pick up on the band and more bands pick up skateboards to pick up more dorks.
Dorm life can be an enjoyable learning experience.
Dorm life includes making new life-long friends, popcorn and TV, and dorm prayer sessions.
Dorm life includes many planned activities and a chance to meet many new people.
Dorm life is a big part of the university experience.
Dorm life is a blast.
Dorm life is a bonding experience.
Dorm life is a major factor for many students in choosing a college.
Dorm life is an essential part of college.
Dorm life is good.
Dorm life is interesting and fun.
Dorm life is interesting if nothing else.
Dorm life is interesting with regular hall worships and hall parties.
Dorm life is such a staple of college.
Dorm life is the best.
Dorm life is, well, dorm life.
Dorm life makes cooking a talent .
Dorm life makes it soooo easy to be a fucking pissy little bitch.
A dorm room is a bedroom
Dorm rooms accommodate two adults and two bikes.
Dorm rooms are another easy target.
Dorm rooms are available at both universities.
Dorm rooms are available.
Dorm rooms are double occupancy and students are provided with cafeteria privileges.
Dorm rooms are just natural magnets for mess.
Dorm rooms are notoriously small and severely underfurnished.
Dorm rooms are scarce or non-existent.
Dorm rooms are simple but adequate, and linens are provided.
Dorm rooms are singles.
Dorm rooms are smaller than they appear.
Dorm rooms are still open to the elements with clothes hanging out the windows.
Dorm rooms are suite-style with adjoining baths.
Dorm rooms are suite-style, sharing a bathroom.
Dorm rooms are western-style with twin beds.
Dorm rooms contain only the basics and have minimal conveniences including one overhead light.
Dorm rooms contain only the basics, have minimal conveniences and have no private baths.
Dorm rooms have a single bed, desk, and wardrobe or closet for each resident.
Dorm rooms have direct computer hookups.
Dorm rooms have individual thermostats.
Dorm rooms have talking book machines, radios, telephones, and are fully air-conditioned.
Dorm rooms have two single beds, bare hard floor, and bath down the hall.
Dorm rooms hold two people, with shared bathrooms.
All dorm rooms are air-conditioned.
All dorm rooms are available by reservation only.
All dorm rooms are double occupancy.
All dorm rooms are lockable and can either be in a four-bedroom suite or off hallways.
All dorm rooms are singles and are equipped with a bed, desk, closet and a wash basin.
All dorm rooms have connections to the campus network and the Internet .
All dorm rooms have single beds.
All dorm rooms provide a separate network connection for each student in the room.
Every dorm room has a phone, and every student has a private line for phone mail.
Every dorm room has access.
Every dorm room is equipped to receive the latest in voice, video and data transmission.
Every dorm room is equipped with one modular telephone jack.
Every dorm room is wired, as is every classroom and office.
Many dorm rooms have email and Internet connections.
Most dorm rooms are doubles, although a number of single rooms are available.
Most dorm rooms are pretty small.
Most dorm rooms do provide university network access for student owned computers.
Most dorm rooms have an ethernet connection that provides a broadband connection to the web.
Most dorm rooms have one single bed.
A dorm is a building
A dorm is a quarters
Dorm contains data about students who live in dormitories and the books that they own.
Dorm has kitchen facilities.
Dorm is charged by the week and cafeteria per meal.
Dorm living often inspires a new kind of modesty.
Dorm plans The new dorm is designed to enhance student social life.
Dorms are a short walk from most classrooms.
Dorms are also available during summer sessions.
Dorms are available for traveling teams for an additional charge.
Dorms are both temporary homes and places to extend learning.
Dorms are closed.
Dorms are convenient and provide organized entertainment, dances, activities, and athletics.
Dorms are especially important.
Dorms are excited about the recent installation of computers.
Dorms are giant opportunities to integrate academics into a residential atmosphere.
Dorms are kind of love and hate relation.
Dorms are predominantly for graduate students and tend to have a quiet environment.
Dorms are rooms full of bunkbeds, with a couple big armchairs.
Dorms are seldomly conducive to much serious work.
Dorms are small.
Dorms are three stories high with no elevator.
Dorms are too far from core of university.
Dorms are two-story buildings with individual bedrooms with single beds.
Dorms are usually crowded and typically shared by two people.
Dorms are within easy walking distance of classes.
Dorms are within reasonable access of the university facilities.
Dorms are within walking distance from the track.
Dorms begin at the end of the oval.
Dorms feature four bunkbeds and a bathroom in each room.
Dorms have card-operated electronic locks.
Dorms have excellent facilities, all with single rooms.
Dorms here are empty because many students went home to be with their families.
Dorms involve two or more persons per room with shared bathrooms.
Dorms offer constant distractions to studying, such as televisions, phones and friends.
Dorms tend to be run either by peers or young adults.
Dorms typically have rooms which accommodates two people.
Dorms often provide counselors who are well versed in roommate confrontations.
All dorms are air conditioned with meals served in our college cafeteria.
All dorms are air-conditioned and have complete bathrooms.
All Dorms are chem-free.
All dorms are co-ed, with men and women on the same floor.
All dorms are limited access areas.
All dorms are upstairs.
All dorms have central heat and air, large shower and dressing areas.
All dorms have parking lots close to the building.
All dorms have spacious day rooms, laundry rooms and ample storage space.
All dorms have suite-style bathrooms with two or three sinks, stalls and showers in each.
All dorms meet all current code requirements.
Every dorm also has a big screen TV and new microwaves on every floor.
Every dorm has a party once a month to celebrate birthdays.
Every dorm has resident staff or faculty members.
Every dorm has washroom facilities with running hot and cold water.
Every dorm houses international students.
Every dorm is represented by a senator.
Every dorm takes different themes for their trials.
Many dorms have sign-up sheets for study groups.
Many dorms have suitable spaces for informal meetings.
Most dorms allow cooking.
Most dorms also have a trained peer health educator, who provides health education services.
Most dorms are pretty quiet in the morning, when the students are either at class or sleeping.
Most dorms have a common room with a television and laundry facilities.
Most dorms have phone and internet connections available.
Most dorms have study areas and computers.
Most dorms have towel racks for each person.
Most dorms require serious renovations internally.
Some dorms even have outdoor barbecue areas.
Some dorms have backup systems.
Some dorms offer singles, but most offer doubles.
Some dorms only allow white blinds to be seen on the outside of the window.
Dormancy breaking by frost can reduce the soil seedbank.
Dormancy breaking often involves changes in membranes, initiated by dormancy-breaking signals.
Dormancy can help a plant to survive bad conditions.
Dormancy can occur in any season.
Dormancy depends on the permeability of the seed coat.
Dormancy ends once the temperature drops back.
Dormancy ends when buds begin to swell or any other evidence of new growth appears in the spring.
Dormancy helps keep seeds viable during unfavorable conditions.
Dormancy is a break in the life cycle.
Dormancy is a natural occurrence allowing a grass plant to survive drought.
Dormancy is a natural survival mechanism for cool season turfgrasses.
Dormancy is a natural survival mechanism for turfgrasses.
Dormancy is a natural survival mechanism of the turf plants.
Dormancy is a period of inactivity.
Dormancy is a period of rest and inactivity.
Dormancy is a phase in which cell division and cell expansion are suspended.
Dormancy is a rest
Dormancy is a state of reduced metabolic activity .
Dormancy is a survival mechanism that prevents germination when conditions for survival are poor.
Dormancy is a troublesome, but desirable, trait of Indian ricegrass seed for use in droughty areas.
Dormancy is an act of defense for the plant during the colder seasons.
Dormancy is an adaptation that improves the chances of surviving until warm temperatures return.
Dormancy is an embryo condition that keeps a seed from germinating before it is ready.
Dormancy is broken by a combination of changes in temperature, light, and nitrate levels.
Dormancy is broken by warm, dry conditions after the seeds ripen.
Dormancy is broken when the seed is exposed to specific conditions.
Dormancy is characterized by the development of brown turfgrass.
Dormancy is exceptionally long.
Dormancy is governed by changes inside the seed .
Dormancy is governed by changes inside the seed.
Dormancy is highly variable.
Dormancy is inaction.
Dormancy is initiated only after the onset of unfavorable seasonal growing condition.
Dormancy is just as vital for many plants as sleep is for humans.
Dormancy is long.
Dormancy is marked by inactivity.
Dormancy is medium.
Dormancy is partly due to the presence of inhibitors in the seed coat.
Dormancy is quite long.
Dormancy is short.
Dormancy is the condition of a bud or seed characterized by the lack of outwardly visible growth.
Dormancy is the seed state, a sleeping and tiny seed which appears inanimate and dead.
Dormancy is the state of nongermination in viable seed.
Dormancy isa inactivity.
Dormancy occurs mostly during the dry season.
Dormancy plays a crucial part at a variety of significant stages in the life cycle of many plants.
Dormancy protects bottlebrush squirreltail seeds from germinating during seasonal dry periods.
Dormancy tends to be closely associated with environmental conditions .
Dormancy tends to be closely associated with environmental conditions.
Dormancy frequently is seasonal.
Most dormancy is marked by inactivity.
Some dormancy affects fitnesses.
A dormant account is a savings account
Dormant accounts are also subject to purge.
Dormant accounts are de-activated at the end of four months.
Dormant accounts are savings accounts.
Dormant bacteria contribute to the occurrence of seasonal epidemics.
Dormant buds are at the bases of all leaves.
Dormant buds are more susceptible to freezing than wood.
Dormant buds contain all the genetic information to grow a new tree.
Dormant buds produce new shoots in the spring.
Dormant buds produce shoots.
Most dormant buds produce shoots.
Dormant canes are light brown with a grey bloom, spiny particularly at the base.
Dormant canes are medium red-brown with bloom, and have few spines except a spiny base.
Dormant canes are previous season's annual growth.
Dormant cells are metabolically inactive but are capable of returning to an active state.
Dormant cultivars go inside after the first few heavy frosts.
Dormant data is data that is never used.
Some dormant embryos survive for many years.
Some dormant embryos survive for years.
Dormant eyes abound just under the junctures of stems and what they grow on.
Dormant grass is lost once the crowns, rhizomes and roots begin to dehydrate.
Dormant images ignite slowly, as our eyes adjust to their dark submerged brilliance.
Some dormant larvae enter bloodstreams.
Dormant lawns are in jeopardy of dying if drought conditions persist over an extended period.
Dormant lawns continue to protect water quality by holding soil and potential pollutants.
Dormant minds collapse into tunnel vision, judgment and prejudice.
Dormant mold is dry and powdery in appearence.
Dormant mold is dry and powdery.
Dormant notes sound rather too sombre and fail to register the romanticism.
Dormant oil is a fine grade of machine oil, much like sewing machine oil.
Dormant oil is a mechanical killer.
Dormant oil is organic and safe to use.
Dormant oil is relatively safe to other animals, including beneficial insects, birds, and humans.
Dormant oil is used during the winter or very early spring prior to bud break.
Dormant oil is used to control or suppress scale and spider mites on apple and pear trees.
Dormant oil is used to control overwintering stages.
Dormant oils are applied in the spring to destroy insect eggs.
Dormant oils are horticultural sprays with high safety ratings for people and animals.
Dormant oils Use only on woody plants as a dormant spray.
Dormant plants are best for planting.
Dormant plants need light.
Dormant season cutting generally produces vigorous suckers the next growing season.
Dormant seeds appear to require leaching of germination inhibitors and light to break dormancy.
Dormant seeds are stored in the soil and germinate when the conditions become favorable.
Dormant seeds destroy themselves to allow the new plant within to come forth.
Dormant seeds have the potential to germinate but are prevented from doing so by some mechanism.
Dormant seeds require temperature.
Most dormant seeds remain unharmed.
Most dormant seeds require temperature.
Some dormant seeds require appropriate treatments.
Some dormant seeds require treatments.
Most dormant sprays are a combination of liquid lime, sulphur and oil.
Dormant suckers are the traditional red raspberry transplant.
Dormant trees continue to absorb water and nutrients in unfrozen soils.
Dormant tubers are sometimes available from plant nurseries in the Cape.
Dormant types lose their foliage after the first frost.
Some dormant vines survive temperature.
Dormant volcanoes lie peacefully for centuries and then erupt suddenly.
A dormer window is a window
Dormer windows add to the country feel of the rooms.
Dormer windows are windows.
Dormer windows break up the deep roof.
Dormer windows face east and west.
Dormer windows provide lots of light.
Dormer windows punctuate both sides of the roof with a large brick chimney on one side.
A dormer is a window
Dormers allows great lighting upstairs.
Dormers appear to project from the roof of a house and have their own roof lines.
Dormers are located in roofs.
Dormers are sometimes present projecting out from the sides.
Dormers are windows.
Dormers can often provide very good essays in local joinery and building traditions.
Dormers can present their own problems.
Dormers flood the public spaces with natural light.
Dormers give the upstairs bedrooms cozy spots for youngsters to curl up with a book.
Dormers give their nominations for the different categories by secret ballot.
Dormers let in the sound of a rushing creek.
Dormers pop in and out of the roof.
All dormitory housing provides hall baths.
Some dormitory housing is also available for single students.
A dormitory room is a bedroom
Most dormitory rooms accommodate two students.
Most dormitory rooms have private baths.
Most dormitory rooms have tile floors.
All dormitory space is limited, and an early deposit is required to reserve a room.
More dormitory space is in the making.
All dormitory visitors are subject to dorm regulations.
A dormitory is a building
A dormitory is a quarters
Dormitories are a prime source of rushees.
Dormitories are above in the attic.
Dormitories are accessible and modern.
Dormitories are available but they fill up quickly.
Dormitories are available for convenient and economical living on campus.
Dormitories are bedrooms.
Dormitories are buildings.
Dormitories are cheap, but also dirty and dangerous.
Dormitories are closed.
Dormitories are coeducational with common, bathrooms on each floor and common computer clusters.
Dormitories are coeducational with common, single-sex bathrooms on each floor.
Dormitories are either within walking distance or near the city bus line.
Dormitories are home to between five and ten children.
Dormitories are homes.
Dormitories are located in universities.
Dormitories are scarce, rents are high, and commutes are long.
Dormitories are separate for women and men each has ten bunk beds, a shower, and a restroom.
Dormitories are somewhat unsanitary.
Dormitories are spacious and well-ventilated with all modern amenities.
Dormitories are within walking distance.
Dormitories consist of furnished rooms with showers and cooking facilities.
Dormitories contain four, five and six beds.
Dormitories Dormitories Back to the campus map , or the index of buildings list .
Dormitories fill up quickly each semester.
Dormitories have a communal kitchen, TV room, and washing machines.
Dormitories have few boundaries.
Dormitories have kitchenettes with limited facilities.
Dormitories have single rooms with a private bathrooms and shared kitchen facilities.
Dormitories offer both segregated and co-ed options.
Dormitories provide accomodation for full-time students.
Dormitories provide an ideal environment for practicing English.
Dormitories provide two meals each weekday and three meals on weekends and holidays.
Dormitories remain politically dormant.
Dormitories require residents to participate in a meal plan, which provides most meals.
Dormitories vary greatly in their physical plan.
Dormitory houses up to forty.
Dormitories usually offer a local cafeteria, recreational areas and other services.
Dormitories usually open the weekend before.
All dormitories are coed.
All dormitories are network ready.
All dormitories are within easy walking distance of each repair shop.
All dormitories have laundry facilities.
All dormitories have phone access and all students are assigned voice mail accounts.
All dormitories have semi-private bathrooms.
All dormitories have single rooms and shared cooking facilities.
All dormitories hold five fire drills throughout the school year.
All dormitories provide two ethernet connections in every room.
Every dormitory has a resident PC expert to promote computer literacy.
Many dormitories are more than a century old, and the furnishings are simple.
Most dormitories are, by most standards, overcrowded.
Most dormitories have laundry facilities and the larger ones have lounge and study areas as well.
Most dormitories have pianos available for student use.
Most dormitories provide kitchen facilities.
Some dormitories also have internet connections.
Some dormitories are very noisy.
Some dormitories have higher fees than others.
Dormont soils are on hilltops and hillsides.
Dormont soils have low chroma mottles in the subsoil and substratum.
Dormont soils have slow or moderately slow permeability.
Dormouse isa rodent.
Dormouses eat insects.
Dormouses feed on insects.
Dormouses feed on vegetation.
Dormouses have (part) brains.
Dormouses have (part) breasts.
Dormouses have (part) cell membranes.
Dormouses have (part) cells.
Dormouses have (part) chest cavities.
Dormouses have (part) chests.
Dormouses have (part) corpi.
Dormouses have (part) cytoplasm.
Dormouses have (part) ears.
Dormouses have (part) faces.
Dormouses have (part) heads.
Dormouses have (part) nuclei.
Dormouses have (part) pedal extremities.
Dormouses have (part) piluses.
Dormouses have (part) plasma membranes.
Dormouses have (part) rib cages.
Dormouses have (part) sections.
Dormouses have (part) skulls.
Dormouses have (part) sterna.
Dormouses have (part) vacuoles.
Dormouses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dormouses have brown fur.
Dormouses have eyes.
Dormouses have fur.
Dormouses have predators.
Dormouses have tails.
Dormouses inhabit mix woodlands.
Dormouses inhabit woodlands.
Dormouses require food.
Dormouses use bark.
Dormouses use materials.
Dormouses use peel bark.
Dormouses use secretion.
Dormouses use shred materials.
Most dormouses eat insects.
Most dormouses feed on insects.
Most dormouses feed on vegetation.
Most dormouses have brown fur.
Most dormouses have eyes.
Most dormouses have fur.
Most dormouses have predators.
Most dormouses have tails.
Most dormouses require food.
Most dormouses use bark.
Most dormouses use materials.
Most dormouses use peel bark.
Most dormouses use secretion.
Most dormouses use shred materials.
Some dormouses become pests.
Some dormouses die from starvation.
Some dormouses eat berries.
Some dormouses eat buds.
Some dormouses go into hibernation.
Some dormouses have breathe problems.
Some dormouses have distinctive rings.
Some dormouses have expectancy.
Some dormouses have life expectancy.
Some dormouses have problems.
Some dormouses have rings.
Dorsal armour is irregular and much reduced in comparison with other species.
Dorsal closure involves coordinate cell shape changes of ectodermal cells.
Dorsal color is black.
Dorsal color is dark to light gray, pale olive, or gray-brown.
Dorsal color is light gray with brown, dark g ray, or olive blotches.
Dorsal color ranges from gray to olive.
Dorsal coloration can be gray, light brown with dark bands on legs.
Dorsal coloration can be tan, gray, or black.
Dorsal coloration is often a brown, gray, or red with black flecks, or patches.
Dorsal coloration varies between dark gray, green, and brown.
Dorsal coloration varies from gray-brown in the summer to gray in the winter.
Dorsal colour is pale green to dark olive and can have brown spots.
Dorsal dislocations are more common than volar.
Dorsal displacement has causes.
A dorsal fin is a fin
Dorsal fin extends nearly from head to tail.
Dorsal fin have eleven to thirteen rays with a short but broad caudal fin.
Dorsal fin is deeply notched and the two sections of the fin are nearly separated.
Dorsal fin is longer than high and the caudal is moderately long and forked.
Dorsal fin is well behind pectoral fins.
Dorsal fin ranges all the way around the body and merges with anal fin.
Dorsal fin starts one third along the body and joins the anal fin.
Dorsal fins are distinctly separate, unlike the yellow bass, which are joined at the base.
Dorsal fins are distinctly separate, unlike yellow bass, which are joined at the base.
Dorsal fins are fins.
Dorsal fins are located on the back.
Dorsal fins are often scarred or marked.
Dorsal fins break the surface on all sides.
Dorsal fins have tips.
Most dorsal fins have tips.
Some dorsal fins are near tails.
Some dorsal fins are supported by sharp spines.
Some dorsal fins are supported by spines.
Some dorsal fins have edges.
Some dorsal fins have fins.
Some dorsal fins have sharp spines.
Some dorsal fins have spines.
Some dorsal fins have trail edges.
Dorsal fur is gray and black.
Dorsal fur is long and soft, which contrasts to the short and coarser fur of the venter.
Dorsal fur is pale yellow with a tinge of brown, while the underside fur is creamy white.
Some dorsal fur provides effective insulation.
Some dorsal fur provides insulation.
Dorsal glands produce odor.
Most dorsal glands produce odor.
Dorsal hairs are dark gray at base.
Some dorsal lips have differentiations.
Some dorsal margins have black spots.
Some dorsal margins have prominent black spots.
Some dorsal margins have prominent spots.
Some dorsal margins have spots.
Dorsal pattern consists of two longitudinal tan or yellow stripes on each side of the body.
Dorsal pattern is highly variable but frequently consists of dark and light rings.
Dorsal pelage is buffy-yellow and ventral pelage is white.
Some dorsal plates have longitudinal ridges.
Some dorsal plates have ridges.
Dorsal pons is the region between pons proper and the ventricle floor.
Dorsal pores are openings from the coelom to the outside.
A dorsal root is a nerve
Dorsal roots are nerve branches radiating from the main spinal cord in the back or chest area.
Dorsal roots carry sensory fibers.
Dorsal scales are large, rectangular, and keeled.
Dorsal scales are large, shingled, and strongly keeled.
Dorsal scales are small and granular.
Dorsal scales are small, granular.
Dorsal scales are smooth and strongly oblique.
Dorsal scutes have dark brown lines radiating from light centers.
Dorsal side is covered with short spines.
Dorsal sides exhibit scars from previous blade removal and one or more longitudinal crests.
Some dorsal sides have dark stripes.
Some dorsal sides have red stripes.
Some dorsal sides have stripes.
Some dorsal sides have thin red stripes.
Some dorsal sides have thin stripes.
Dorsal slit is the easiest method of circumcision since only one incision is needed.
Dorsal spine extends from the cockpit to midbody.
Dorsal spine extends from the cockpit to the tail.
Dorsal spines are present when the host leaf is hairy and absent when the host leaf is smooth.
Some dorsal spines penetrate human skin.
Some dorsal spines penetrate skin.
Dorsal stripe is mandatory with herringbone stripes desirable.
Some dorsal stripes extend from backs.
Some dorsal stripes extend from shoulders.
Some dorsal stripes run down spines.
Dorsal surfaces are a deep purplish indigo in color, silvery on sides fading to snow white below.
Some dorsal surfaces cover with feathers.
Some dorsal surfaces cover with small feathers.
Dorsal vessels consist of layers.
Dorsal vessels move blood.
Dorsal vessels pump blood.
Most dorsal vessels consist of layers.
Most dorsal vessels move blood.
Most dorsal vessels pump blood.
Dorsal view shows a section through the dorsal head pointing left.
Dorsal view shows larval head pointing left.
Dorsalized ectoderm adopts a neural cell fate.
Dorset police are aware that two other people have recently received threatening letters.
A dorsiflexion is flexure
Dorsiflexion is movement of the toes toward the shin.
Dorsiflexion is reassumed as the hip is flexed and the leg extended.
Dorsiflexion is stronger in the push-off leg of all athletes, except novices.
Dorsiflexion is the amount of fore and aft flexibility in the ankle joint.
Dorsiflexion is the amount of upward flexibility the foot has within the ankle joint.
Dorsiflexion takes place mostly in the ankle joints but also slightly in the tarsal joints.
Dorsiflexions are flexion.
Dorsolateral folds are inset medially and interrupted just anterior to the groin.
Dorsolateral folds are present.
Dorsoventral muscles permit flattening.
Dory construction has a number of advantages for the amateur builder.
Dory fish is a relatively inexpensive, mild whitefish.
A dory is a perch
Dorys cooks another handsome meal.
Doryx capsules cause fewer side effects, being slow release.
DoS is the most spectacular and contested hack within the community and the world at large.
DoS removes from service a given resource, such as a server or network, without permission.
DoS uses actual reported cost data to set quarters allowances.
Doses are albums.
Doses are all over the board.
Doses are given to kill intestinal worms .
Doses are in active ingredient.
Doses are in the catalog.
Doses are operating systems.
Doses are oral unless otherwise noted.
Doses are similar whichever route is chosen.
Doses comprise modules that comprise the curriculum.
Doses differ between herb capsules and from product to product.
Doses escalate over time.
Doses even can be lethal, particularly when combined with alcohol.
Doses extend up to the maximum tolerated dose.
Doses listed are for brief therapy.
Doses start low and can be raised every few days.
Doses used by athletes are inconsistent and far exceed therapeutic doses.
Doses vary but it also only comes in capsules.
Doses vary considerably with the size, health condition, age and even breed of animal.
Doses vary quite widely, but even high dosages have few side effects.
Doses vary widely depending upon condition.
Doses vary, and a physician can determine the proper dose for the desired effect in each patient.
