Bigger scans allow a much better quality result.
Bigger screens are better.
Bigger screens can handle higher resolutions and display more information.
Bigger sets tend to hold their shape better.
Bigger ships mean more commerce, and of course, more commerce means more economic development.
Bigger ships require deeper berths and channels.
Bigger ships tend to have higher gain antennas, set higher above sea level.
Bigger shirts are more expensive than smaller shirts.
Bigger showers loom large in new homes and renovated spaces.
Bigger sites use a relational database , which has different tables for different information.
Bigger sizes are more absorbent, but diapers left on too long can cause a diaper rash.
Bigger sizes mean better capture performance.
Bigger sizes sport a regular-fitting waist.
Bigger sources require more tracks on more days.
Bigger squares get more points.
Bigger stages allow for different techniques in dances.
Bigger stars are brighter than smaller stars.
Bigger stars form more quickly.
Bigger stars fuse hydrogen to helium faster and live shorter lives.
Bigger stars live fast and short.
Bigger stations dictate what kind of music is played.
Bigger stations tend to have bigger web ambitions.
Bigger stories are yet to be told.
Bigger structure holds more fish.
Bigger studios have assistant engineers, as well.
Bigger tank means less aggression.
Bigger tanks are also easier to care for.
Bigger telescopes give better light gathering power.
Bigger territories mean more votes.
Bigger text means less information on the screen at one time and more scrolling.
Bigger things are in store.
Bigger things require commitment, too.
Bigger threats come from people who think that technology can substitute for effective policing.
Bigger tires are better on some roads, and the level of difficulty is often weather-dependent.
Bigger towns feature indoor courts where an even faster-paced version of the game is played.
Bigger tracks have differant classes split to differant lanes.
Bigger trailers allow more products to be shipped for the same rates.
Bigger tree requires bigger khukuri.
Bigger trucks intimidate car drivers.
Bigger trucks take longer to stop and are more prone to rollover.
Bigger turbot are certainly out there to be caught.
Bigger unions are financially more viable.
Bigger upsets occur every year.
Bigger values mean faster orbits and bigger errors.
Bigger values result in thicker lines.
Bigger valves have their advantages, but are heavier.
Bigger vehicles take more time to accelerate and slow down.
Bigger versions are sold in the streets as a snack.
Bigger volume loses less heat through body.
Bigger waves mean quick erosion of the protective levees.
Bigger waves trigger the same kind of visual stimuli in male surfers as naked women.
Bigger wheels cover more distance with each revolution.
Bigger wheels make fewer revolutions to cover the same territory.
Bigger wheels mean more speed, more glide, and smoother rolling over cracks and pebbles.
Bigger women can carry bigger breasts.
Biggest advantage is probably the ability to access the service from home.
Biggest advantage is that they actually work better than the one size fits all foam cylinders.
Biggest advantage is the portability between systems including notebooks.
Biggest assets are contributions in passing game.
Biggest attribute is ability to hit a moving target.
Biggest benefit is shade.
Biggest bottleneck includes the most popular fountain.
Biggest challenges are the long hours and longer schedules.
Biggest change is in reduction temperature that now assumes constant theta.
Biggest change is the build in cddb support which stops it from being dependent on cdcd or cda.
Biggest changes are in the installing programs section.
Biggest city is Milwaukee.
Biggest client needs.
Biggest concern is how databases are handled in academic research areas.
Biggest concern is the loss of utilities.
Biggest cost is in bringing a block into main memory.
Biggest customers are the leading pine wood furniture manufacturers in Finland.
Biggest danger is from dry lightning.
Biggest difference is that eukaryotes have compartmentalization.
Biggest difference is that it goes on and on.
Biggest disadvantage is if users have their graphics turned off - the image map is useless.
Biggest disadvantage is that it requires an auxilliary array when using array storage.
Biggest downer is consistency.
Biggest draws are probably the non-stop video show and rare movie memorabilia.
Biggest drawback is that vocals are almost inaudible.
Biggest drawback is the special effects.
Biggest fish are deep, smaller fish are on the mudflats.
Biggest gains are for entry level positions and managers.
Biggest gripe is the lack of time compression to speed up long flights.
Biggest halibut wins jackpot.
Biggest improvements are in the area of file recovery.
Biggest increase is for appealing Zoning decisions.
Biggest issue is downed trees.
Biggest man gets second cup immediately after everyone else served.
Biggest points comeback in one game.
Biggest points steal.
Biggest problem is bolt closed in the rack.
Biggest problem is it only searches PDFs.
Biggest problem is lack of experience vs. top receivers.
Biggest problem is probably wear.
Biggest problem is the battery which always runs out partway through a long plane flight.
Biggest problem is the shortness of the tune.
Biggest problem is withdrawing- addicts just feel bad for months and see the drug as a cure.
Biggest problem lies in the game's unpredictable framerate.
Biggest problems are dust and scratches.
Biggest problems remain political.
Biggest risk is organizational impatience.
Biggest scream comes when movie-goers hear price of a large popcorn.
Biggest strength is it provides a coherent framework and structure to attach most commonly used num.
Biggest surprise is that the pitching staff held together.
Biggest surprise is the tether has swung the other way.
Biggest thing is that ALOT of the commands have been changed considerably.
Biggest things make great news.
Biggest unknown is political influence.
Biggin Hill is serviceable with caution.
Biggin Hill is still a busy light commercial and private airport today.
Biggy agar is used to test for candida.
Bighorn rams practice ramming each other.
Bighorn rams rest on the tundra.
A bighorn sheep is a mountain sheep
Bighorn sheep adapt to climates.
Bighorn sheep adapt to different climates.
Bighorn sheep adapt to environments.
Bighorn sheep adapt to many different climates.
Bighorn sheep are abundant in Black Canyon and the surrounding area.
Bighorn sheep are among the bacteria's most notable victims.
Bighorn sheep are characterized by high adult survival and variable survival of offspring.
Bighorn sheep are diurnal animals.
Bighorn sheep are diurnal, feeding in the daylight hours beginning at dawn.
Bighorn sheep are found in central and eastern Washington.
Bighorn sheep are found in the mountain ranges.
Bighorn sheep are frequently visible high on the canyon walls.
Bighorn sheep are heavy horned and often broom.
Bighorn sheep are herbivores, feeding on grasses, sedges, and forbs.
Bighorn sheep are less vociferous than domestic sheep.
Bighorn sheep are mammals.
Bighorn sheep are right at home in Montana's rugged mountains.
Bighorn sheep are seasonal breeders and females typically produce one lamb per year.
Bighorn sheep are sheep.
Bighorn sheep are territorial.
Bighorn sheep are the most common design in the region.
Bighorn sheep are very susceptible to diseases.
Bighorn sheep can also develop pneumonia independent of contact with domestic sheep.
Bighorn sheep come down the steep slopes to drink from the river.
Bighorn sheep consume amounts.
Bighorn sheep consume plants.
Bighorn sheep eat different foods depending on the season.
Bighorn sheep eat food.
Bighorn sheep eat grass.
Bighorn sheep eat grasses, herbs, sedges and other low-growing plants.
Bighorn sheep eat plants.
Bighorn sheep eat whole plants.
Bighorn sheep favor open terrain in order to use their acute eyesight to avoid predators.
Bighorn sheep feed on grass.
Bighorn sheep feed on grasses in the summer and browse shrubs in the fall and winter.
Bighorn sheep feed on various grasses, young plants and leaves.
Bighorn sheep follow a poygynous mating strategy whereby the dominant males do most of the breeding.
Bighorn sheep follow narrow trails over mountainsides and steep slopes.
Bighorn sheep get their name from the large, curved horns on the males, or rams.
Bighorn sheep grow a lot during their first few years.
Bighorn sheep have a generally stocky build.
Bighorn sheep have a muscular body with a very thick neck.
Bighorn sheep have color.
Bighorn sheep have double-layered skulls shored with struts of bone for battle protection.
Bighorn sheep have excellent eyesight.
Bighorn sheep have horns.
Bighorn sheep have many enemies.
Bighorn sheep have necks.
Bighorn sheep have skulls.
Bighorn sheep have vision.
Bighorn sheep inhabit areas.
Bighorn sheep inhabit habitats.
Bighorn sheep inhabit remote mountain and desert regions.
Bighorn sheep know their terrain.
Bighorn sheep live in elevation.
Bighorn sheep live in regions.
Bighorn sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Bighorn sheep live in separate ram and ewe bands most of the year.
Bighorn sheep live in social groups but rams and ewes usually only meet to mate.
Bighorn sheep live in the Rocky Mountain region of North America.
Bighorn sheep occupy environments.
Bighorn sheep occupy the canyon's interior and make occasional forays onto the rim.
Bighorn sheep rest in shades.
Bighorn sheep roam mountain ranges.
Bighorn sheep roam ranges.
Bighorn sheep roam the high slopes, and golden eagles soar over the summit.
Bighorn sheep roam the mountains, and the desert tortoise prowls the lowlands.
Bighorn sheep seem susceptible to diseases.
Bighorn sheep use open stands on ridges.
All bighorn sheep inhabit areas with steep mountain slopes and cliffs so they can evade predators.
Most bighorn sheep eat food.
Most bighorn sheep eat plants.
Most bighorn sheep eat whole plants.
Most bighorn sheep feed on grass.
Most bighorn sheep have color.
Most bighorn sheep have horns.
Most bighorn sheep have necks.
Most bighorn sheep have skulls.
Most bighorn sheep have vision.
Most bighorn sheep live in elevation.
Most bighorn sheep live in regions.
Most bighorn sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Some bighorn sheep have difficulty.
Some bighorn sheep have periods.
Some bighorn sheep learn habitat use patterns.
Some bighorn sheep learn patterns.
Some bighorn sheep shed winter coats.
A bighorn is a mountain sheep
Bighorn also feed heavily on jojoba.
Bighorn are good swimmers.
Bighorn exist mostly in small, isolated populations within their former vast range.
Bighorn isa ungulate.
Bighorns also are bigger than tame sheep.
Bighorns are a true sheep distantly related to domestic sheep.
Bighorns are extremely susceptible to livestock diseases.
Bighorns are found on high, rugged mountain slopes.
Bighorns are from the southern ice-free area.
Bighorns are mountain sheep.
Bighorns are primarily grazers and migrate seasonally between low grassy slopes and alpine meadows.
Bighorns avoid snow.
Bighorns eat desert plants.
Bighorns eat plants.
Bighorns eat twigs.
Bighorns eat young twigs.
Bighorns graze slightly more than they browse.
Bighorns have (part) brains.
Bighorns have (part) breasts.
Bighorns have (part) cannon bones.
Bighorns have (part) cell membranes.
Bighorns have (part) cells.
Bighorns have (part) chest cavities.
Bighorns have (part) chests.
Bighorns have (part) corpi.
Bighorns have (part) cytoplasm.
Bighorns have (part) ears.
Bighorns have (part) faces.
Bighorns have (part) heads.
Bighorns have (part) hip sockets.
Bighorns have (part) hoofs.
Bighorns have (part) nuclei.
Bighorns have (part) piluses.
Bighorns have (part) plasma membranes.
Bighorns have (part) rib cages.
Bighorns have (part) second stomachs.
Bighorns have (part) sections.
Bighorns have (part) skulls.
Bighorns have (part) sterna.
Bighorns have (part) vacuoles.
Bighorns have a sandy coloured coat and a white rump patch.
Bighorns have a sandy coloured coat and a white rump.
Bighorns have extremely acute eyesight, which aids in jumping and gaining narrow mountain footholds.
Bighorns have hollow hair that traps body heat.
Bighorns have ranges.
Bighorns inhabit mountains.
Bighorns live in separate ram and ewe bands most of the year.
Bighorns live mostly in high mountain meadows.
Bighorns occur in desert mountains.
Bighorns occur in mountains.
Bighorns prefer open terrain near rocky refuges to which they can escape when they see predators.
Bighorns prefer slopes.
Bighorns prefer to live in the wilderness areas because they are well away from people.
Bighorns retain their horns, which continue to grow each year.
Bighorns roam regions.
Many bighorns are safe within national parks and game reserves.
Most bighorns avoid snow.
Most bighorns eat desert plants.
Most bighorns eat plants.
Most bighorns eat twigs.
Most bighorns eat young twigs.
Most bighorns have ranges.
Most bighorns occur in desert mountains.
Most bighorns occur in mountains.
Some bighorns adapt to climates.
Some bighorns adapt to dry climates.
Some bighorns are migratory.
Some bighorns do combat.
Some bighorns get moisture.
Some bighorns have legs.
Some bighorns inhabit glorious landscapes.
Some bighorns inhabit wild landscapes.
Some bighorns interact with cousins.
Bigole wheel keep on turnin.
A bigot is an advocate
Bigots are partisans.
Bigots are unwelcome in the militia movement.
Bigots are wrong.
Bigots ban an award-winning book about gang life.
Bigots become xenophiles.
Bigots have a way of looking just like everybody else.
Bigots never die, they just rot away from the inside.
Bigots seem to have a way of repressing images of bloody slam dunks from their minds.
Bigots stay out.
Bigots always believe they're irresistible.
Bigots often claim a religious basis for their views.
Many bigots have.
Bigotry begins at home.
Bigotry begins when heterosexuals ignore that human sexuality works the same way in gay people.
Bigotry can be a symptom of an underlying psychopathology.
Bigotry causes hatred.
Bigotry cheats everyone.
Bigotry confronts our newest immigrants.
Bigotry contradicts the open perspective required for accurate research.
Bigotry crops up like bindweed despite the best efforts of the social engineers.
Bigotry cuts across ideological grounds.
Bigotry excuses the bigots from the hard work of thinking and caring.
Bigotry exists in the mind.
Bigotry is about ignorance.
Bigotry is alive and well in the Bible belt.
Bigotry is always dangerous.
Bigotry is beliefs.
Bigotry is bigotry regardless of the shade of the bigot.
Bigotry is bigotry.
Bigotry is illegal today and socially unacceptable.
Bigotry is intolerance
Bigotry is intolerance.
Bigotry is lawful.
Bigotry is on the loose.
Bigotry is opinion.
Bigotry is plain ordinary unreasoning hatred and fear.
Bigotry is prejudice.
Bigotry is still very much alive, but through education, everyone has the power to fight it.
Bigotry is there.
Bigotry is wrongs.
Bigotry loves company.
Bigotry pours out the drains like blue blood runs through the veins of princes, and on Sundays.
Bigotry seeks to make opinion and belief mandatory.
Bigotry still mars America.
Bigotry treats humans like objects.
Bigotry always matters.
All bigotry is blind and stupid and savage.
Bigram frequency is one approach to statistical language identification .
Bigrams are used in one of the most successful language models for speech recognition .
Bihari cuisine is wholesome and simple.
Bihari people excel in Technical, and Administrative fields all over the globe.
Biharmonic problems appear in elasticity and viscous flows.
Bike accidents appear to be concentrated in or near developed areas.
Bike accidents are on a rise on campus.
Bike brakes take longer to work when the wheel rim is wet.
Bike commuters can use showers and lockers here.
Many bike commuters ride in their work clothes.
Some bike commuters have interest.
Bike cops come from nowhere.
Bike frames are damn nearly perfectly rigid in the vertical plane, whatever they are built from.
Bike helmet is mandatory.
Bike helmets are also available.
Bike helmets are an absolute requirement for participation.
Bike helmets are essential for rollerblading, skateboarding, scooters and cycling.
Bike helmets are helmets.
Bike helmets are safety tested for the types of falls that happen when biking.
Bike helmets are smart.
Bike helmets are very important for both children and adults.
Bike helmets can prevent head injuries .
Bike helmets can prevent head injury.
Bike helmets save lives and save a child's future.
Some bike helmets are self-certified.
Bike hire includes a fully equipped bicycle with pannier size depending on the trip option.
Bike hire is available if required.
Bike hire is readily available.
Bike lane begins.
Bike lanes are appropriate on urban arterials and major collectors.
Bike lanes are discontinuous, poorly marked, and frequently blocked with parked cars.
Bike lanes are exclusively for bicycles, unless there is no sidewalk or shoulder.
Bike lanes are strips of roadway marked off from the main road by a painted line.
Bike lanes are too narrow.
Bike lanes go one way only, in the same direction as adjacent traffic, unless signed otherwise.
Bike lanes indicate a preferential or exclusive space for bicycle travel along an arterial street.
Bike lanes narrow the main road, and reduce the sweeping action that cars provide.
Bike lanes require discipline on the part of both drivers and bicyclists.
Bike lanes run the length and breadth of downtown.
Bike lanes serve many functions on a residential street.
Bike locks are also available for rental.
Bike locks are relatively easy to defeat.
Bike lockers are available at many stations.
Bike lockers are available for rent.
Many bike magazines spin first thus rough, unless wool draw which.
Bike mechanics hunker beside their tire pumps and wrenches, awaiting their next client.
Bike messengers are on and off their bikes constantly.
Bike messengers fall in love.
Bike messengers slash through intersections.
Bike messengers spend more time on bike in traffic than any other group.
Bike path ends there, but road is lightly traveled.
Bike path runs behind property.
Bike paths appeal to bikers and politicians.
Bike paths are a boon for the local economy, say the boards of tourism.
Bike paths are accessible from our driveway.
Bike paths are everywhere, especially in their cities.
Bike paths are located in parks.
Bike paths are one of the most enlightened ways to get away from needing a polluting automobile.
Bike paths are separate areas set off from the main road.
Bike paths have their place, but bikes are by no means limited to such flat and wide trails.
Bike paths lead out of our parking lot to many of the island's activities and attractions.
Bike paths lead to the Arkansas River and amenities, less than one mile away.
Bike paths make travel fun.
Bike paths range from carriage roads to singletracks.
Bike paths run along the river, and act as a levee to protect against flooding.
Bike paths run parallel to the coast.
Bike patrol is manned on a volunteer basis.
Bike patrols are ineffective, and increase impacts still further.
Bike patrols can move through areas of congestion with relative ease compared to police cruisers.
Bike patrols help keep trails open.
Bike racing has a new image.
Bike racing has enormous potential.
Bike racing is an inherently dangerous activity that can result in serious injury or death.
Bike racing is art.
Bike racing is hard.
Bike racing is more about people than bikes.
Bike racing is supposed to be difficult and a small amount of fear is normal.
Bike rack is available.
Bike racks abound here.
Bike racks are also available if needed.
Bike racks are available also.
Bike racks are available at the race site.
Bike racks are available by the front and back entrances.
Bike racks are available in front of each museum.
Bike racks are available on the first floor of each of the six houses.
Bike racks are available outside of most buildings on campus as well.
Bike racks are available.
Bike racks are back for the summer.
Bike racks are free.
Bike racks are in front of all museums, downtown centers, sight seeing attractions, etc.
Bike racks are on each chair.
Bike racks are to be added.
Bike racks are to be used for short-term storage of bikes only.
Bike racks come in many varieties and many prices.
Bike racks exist outside each residence hall and at various locations on campus.
Bike racks hold road and racing bikes as well as a tiny pink bike with tassels.
Bike racks hold two bikes and accommodate any bike style or size.
Bike racks hold up the tables in one greenhouse.
Bike rage is similar to road rage.
Bike rental is also available here.
Bike rental is also available.
Bike rental is available for local Colorado schools.
Bike rental is included in the prices of all our day trips.
Bike rentals are a blast for all ages and good exercise, too.
Bike rentals are also available here.
Bike rentals are also available.
Bike rentals are available and tennis courts abound at many of the local parks.
Bike rentals are available at additional cost.
Bike rentals are available at numerous shops.
Bike rentals are available at the campground.
Bike rentals are available at the trail head.
Bike rentals are available in Greenville.
Bike rentals are available in Peninsula.
Bike rentals are available in some gateway communities.
Bike rentals are available locally.
Bike rentals are available on site and gold discounts are available.
Bike rentals are available on site.
Bike rentals are available on the island.
Bike rentals are available through local area bike shops.
Bike rentals are available, but only at the park headquarters toward the north end of the trail.
Bike rentals are available, including helmets.
Bike rentals are available.
Bike rentals are less than a mile away from the lodge.
All bike rentals come with a lock, water bottle, and helmet.
Bike rider assumes all responsibility.
Bike riders cruise the boardwalk in the early morning.
Bike riders ride enmass to make a statement on a monthly schedule.
All bike riders start out with training wheels.
Most bike riders believe it too, except for a small handful of experienced cyclists.
Bike riding can irrevocably impair blood flow in men and nerve endings in women.
Bike riding is a great form of exercise for people young and old.
Bike riding is a skill that everyone has to learn by making mistakes and falling off.
Bike riding is another option for outdoor fun.
Bike riding is both fun and a great way to exercise.
Bike riding is good clean healthy fun.
Bike riding is meant to be a fun and healthy form of travel.
Bike riding is mindnumbingly boring.
Bike riding is one of the best ways to keep in shape.
Bike riding is pretty tough.
Bike riding is similar to jazz on many levels.
Bike riding is, therefore, a good way to explore life in China.
Bike routes are mostly downhill and suitable for athletic beginners to experienced riders.
Bike routes become a little inhospitable here, mainly in terms of increased traffic.
Bike routes follow country back-roads with support van.
Bike safety is about wearing protective gear like knee pads, elbow pads, and protective helmets.
Bike safety is especially important on campus.
Bike safety is important for bikers of all ages, especially for children.
Bike shoes allow a rider to pull during the whole pedal stroke.
Bike shoes are good because they have rigid soles and spread the pedal pressure evenly.
Most bike shoes seem to run on the narrow side.
Bike shops are far and few between.
Bike shops are welcome to send in photos also.
Bike shops carry headlights, bells, mirrors, packs, and many other accessories.
All bike shops offer shuttle services.
Many bike shops offer clinics, instruction, rentals and repair services.
Most bike shops carry a variety of approved helmets and can help parents fit one to their child.
Most bike shops offer tires that work fine.
Bike theft is a crime of opportunity.
Bike theft is classified legally as theft.
Bike theft is common in some communities.
Bike theft is rampant in Avignon.
Bike theft is somewhat of a major socio-economic problem.
Bike theft is the biggest headache for students, the guide offers.
Bike theft is very frequent on campus.
Bike thefts continue to drop.
Bike tires are more susceptible to flats than car treads.
Bike tires are thin-walled but also very small cross section.
Bike tires wear out just like automobile tires, only faster.
Bike trails are also available.
Bike trails are available for most of the bay ride.
Bike trails connect other nearby beaches.
Bike trails criss-cross the forested countryside.
Bike trails go on for miles along the river on both the New Jersey and Pennsylvania sides.
Bike trails have the potential to become significant travel destinations.
Bike trails lace the region.
Bike trails travel endlessly though the West Virginia mountains.
All bike trails are west and north of the environmental center.
Bike trailers exist in many shapes and sizes that are designed for numerous applications.
Bike wheel is on the wall between fluid mechanics and waves and sound.
A bike is a container
A bike is a vehicle
Bike collect throughout most automobile leasing rate.
Bike comes with a good initial component setup.
Bike commuting truly is green but bike commuting is difficult.
Bike covers all types of bikes from tourers to dirt bikes, custom and street racers.
Bike draws alot of attention.
Bike features kick and electric start, extended forks and rear mag wheel.
Bike fells and looks great cant wait till weekend to ride.
Bike gives up a little comfort for a lot of speed.
Bike goes on and off in seconds.
Bike guides front and rear.
Bike hikes explore forests, waterways and wildlife near the campground.
Bike hire also available.
Bike hire available from the farmhouse.
Bike hire available locally.
Bike hire available.
Bike is absolutely pristine.
Bike is basically brand new.
Bike is complete and runs.
Bike is easy to ride and has loads of torque.
Bike is fast and handles well.
Bike is fast, although cornering can be a little more precise.
Bike is good condition.
Bike is hot.
Bike is in better than excellent condition with exceptional showroom looks.
Bike is in brand new condition, with no scratchs.
Bike is in Cent.
Bike is in excellent condition with all aspects of bike in working order and good repair.
Bike is in fantastic shape.
Bike is in safe area.
Bike is in Tampa, Florida.
Bike is in tip top shape, trailer is optional.
Bike is in top condition.
Bike is in Toronto.
Bike is in very good condition.
Bike is just stable and neutral everywhere.
Bike is like brand new.
Bike is likely on centerstand, which has been removed from pic.
Bike is pleasurable to ride and tight.
Bike is ready to go.
Bike is surprisingly stiff and climbs like a goat.
Bike is tight.
Bike is very lite and responsive.
Bike isa container.
Bike just wants to go fast, even in town.
Bike kicks off ripples or bounces on bumps - Increase rebound damping.
Bike leans in.
Bike looks great by the way.
Bike looks kind of silly without it.
Bike meets in the UK - regularly updated.
Bike paths all over the place.
Bike ride through the city and the green surroundings.
Bike rides in the Rattlesnake.
Bike rides like a block of wood.
Bike rides up the Rattlesnake.
Bike riding anywhere is of course a potentially hazardous activity.
Bike riding around town is a great way to see the area.
Bike riding at unsafe speeds is one of our biggest problems.
Bike riding on narrow, natural surface trails is as old as the bicycle.
Bike rims free.
Bike runs along the river, bike and canoe rentals.
Bike runs and looks like new .
Bike runs great and is a real headturner.
Bike runs great.
Bike runs VERY strong, is terribly durable and is an absolute hoot to ride.
Bike sounds great but still working on dependability.
Bike suggest by an curiosity so merchant Chicago bull basketball.
Bike takes huge drops without bottoming out.
Bike travels in a large luggage hold.
Bikes also receive special attention.
Bikes are a commodity that has wheels.
Bikes are a good balance.
Bikes are a great option, and rentals are available.
Bikes are a welcome form of transportation on the UK campus.
Bikes are able to travel on trails and roads much quicker than a foot team.
Bikes are addictive, of that there is no question.
Bikes are all but essential.
Bikes are also available for sale.
Bikes are also available on hire.
Bikes are also larger and heavier and pose significantly larger risks when collisions occur.
Bikes are an integral piece of a regional transportation plan.
Bikes are available at the hotel for free.
Bikes are available for all house guests.
Bikes are available for getting around town.
Bikes are available for in-store purchase only.
Bikes are available for rent at hotel.
Bikes are available for rent at various outfitters.
Bikes are available for rent in larger towns and tourist areas.
Bikes are available for rent.
Bikes are available for rental at our shop.
Bikes are available for rental or purchase.
Bikes are available for scenic excursions.
Bikes are available for touring our historic district.
Bikes are available for visiting the fishing village and a swimming pond.
Bikes are available to be sold through the auction process.
Bikes are available to districts that are served by bike program sponsors.
Bikes are available to rent by the hor, day or week.
Bikes are available, too.
Bikes are available.
Bikes are availible for rent both on the mainland, and on the island.
Bikes are bad, mmkay.
Bikes are better.
Bikes are bicycles.
Bikes are capable of crashs.
Bikes are capable of skids.
Bikes are cheaper than cars anyway.
Bikes are definitely an encouraged mode of transportation.
Bikes are drop in Mexico City airport storage.
Bikes are easy to load.
Bikes are easy to roll in and out of racks, display nicely, are easily secured, and park compactly.
Bikes are everyone's favorite mode of transportation.
Bikes are everywhere in Bozeman.
Bikes are everywhere, being ridden by virtually everyone, regardless of sex, age, or size.
Bikes are extremely safe and easy to operate and no experience is necessary.
Bikes are faster anyway.
Bikes are for rent everywhere.
Bikes are good for exercise and produce no pollution.
Bikes are good for older kids and adults, and wagons or bike trailers are good for younger ones.
Bikes are great for errands.
Bikes are great for short trips when gas is in short supply.
Bikes are harder to turn.
Bikes are highly recommended for getting around the grounds faster and easier.
Bikes are in . . .
Bikes are in great working order.
Bikes are limited.
Bikes are located in garages.
Bikes are located in streets.
Bikes are located in toy stores.
Bikes are more accepted.
Bikes are more stable through loose stuff at speed.
Bikes are much more energy efficient and environmentally friendly than cars.
Bikes are never in the same place twice.
Bikes are no problem on either train.
Bikes are O.K., also dogs on leash.
Bikes are okay, no motorized vehicles.
Bikes are one of the most common items stolen on campus.
Bikes are packed and are on the way.
Bikes are part of the solution.
Bikes are part of the system.
Bikes are permitted.
Bikes are pickled in the salt and the grit.
Bikes are pretty phat.
Bikes are proactive with prevention of criminal activity.
Bikes are public property.
Bikes are ready for pedaling by volunteers who want to get extra indoor exercise.
Bikes are right next to the hazardous chemicals.
Bikes are the bane of drug dealers.
Bikes are the same thing.
Bikes are to be locked in racks.
Bikes are to be parked in the bicycle area and locked securely.
Bikes are to be walked on school property.
Bikes are used for commuting.
Bikes are used for riding.
Bikes are used for transport.
Bikes are vehicles, just like cars and trucks.
Bikes are very hot at the moment.
Bikes are very popular because of the great views and low speed limits.
Bikes are very popular for commuting.
Bikes are welcome and bike rack reservations are required.
Bikes are welcome as an environmentally friendly means of local transportation.
Bikes are welcome on the roadway but are too hard on the trails.
Bikes are welcome too, in special sessions.
Bikes are welcome.
Bikes are, in fact, the world's most popular transportation tool.
Bikes belong on the road.
Bikes belong on the sidewalk.
Bikes broken in crashes are useless and expensive to repair or replace.
Bikes can also be kind of dangerous though.
Bikes can also be ordered to any stage of completion, prices vary accordingly.
Bikes can be frustratingly small.
Bikes can be lots of fun, but can also be dangerous.
Bikes can be recumbent, made for cargo carrying, folding, made for farming - the list goes on.
Bikes can come in handy.
Bikes can explore road that follows irrigation ditch to the west.
Bikes can often get transportation tasks done as well or better than cars, according to the site.
Bikes can only transport the number of persons that the bike was designed to carry.
Bikes can reach speeds of up to two hundred fifty.
Bikes carry sleek, managerial types, blue collar nature lovers, old folks, kids and housewives.
Bikes come as a package, orretailers sell power kits that fit on most bikes.
Bikes come in a staggering array of shapes, sizes and colors.
Bikes come in many frame sizes.
Bikes come in more colors.
Bikes come with lock, basket, bell, and reflectors.
Bikes continue to be donated by law enforcement as well as private sources.
Bikes cost less to maintain.
Bikes create none.
Bikes dangle from the ceiling.
Bikes featuring the latest technology are available.
Bikes go on racks on the back wall.
Bikes go too fast and cars pull out of the alley.
Bikes hang from the walls like nervous dungeon inmates.
Bikes have (part) axles.
Bikes have (part) bases.
Bikes have (part) bicycle seats.
Bikes have (part) bicycle wheels.
Bikes have (part) coaster brakes.
Bikes have (part) fulcrums.
Bikes have (part) handlebars.
Bikes have (part) handles.
Bikes have (part) pedals.
Bikes have (part) sections.
Bikes have (part) spokes.
Bikes have (part) sprocket wheels.
Bikes have as much right as cars to city streets.
Bikes have bars.
Bikes have brakes.
Bikes have cables which stretch and break.
Bikes have disc brakes.
Bikes have front and rear brakes.
Bikes have functions.
Bikes have gears, just like cars.
Bikes have superior maneuverability compared to cars.
Bikes have the right of way in the Netherlands, and are everywhere.
Bikes have their own lanes, traffic lights at junctions and dedicated road signs.
Bikes have to follow the same traffic rules and signs as cars.
Bikes have to go all the way to Minneapolis for an indoor park.
Bikes have wheels.
Bikes line the streets.
Bikes link people.
Bikes make the shopping commute much easier.
Bikes maximize the area that can be covered effectively.
Bikes move effortlessly into pickup bed.
Bikes move with balletic grace.
Bikes ok on trails as marked.
Bikes probably handle better now, but also have to go much faster.
Bikes provide another means of comprehensive and effective area coverage.
Bikes put less wear on the roadways, save tax money used for road repair.
Bikes range from light weight racing and touring types to the heavier hybrid and mountain types.
Bikes reach areas.
Bikes reach congest areas.
Bikes require professional assembly.
Bikes ride unboxed on the Vermonter.
Bikes save considerable wear and tear on employees' backs, knees and feet.
Bikes startle horses, and both cyclists and equestrians are at risk.
Bikes swing down to allow convenient access to rear cargo area.
Bikes take medium jump.
Bikes take off for East Timor.
Bikes turn into camera.
Bikes use bags.
Bikes use handlebar bags.
Bikes use less material and energy in their construction.
Bikes use tubes.
Bikes walking and other non-motorized forms of transportation are the way of the future.
All bikes are good, but some are better than others.
All bikes are in excellent condition.
All bikes are to be locked to the bike racks.
All bikes are welcome here.
All bikes are welcome.
ALL bikes are welcome.
All bikes come with a safety helmet, bike lock and water bottle.
All bikes flex somewhat, but in general the idea is to make the frame as stiff as practical.
All bikes have full windshields, tour bags, light bar, and the rest of the standard touring gear.
All bikes load in exactly the same way, quickly and easily.
All bikes run better once they've been tailored to their pipe.
All bikes turn into rolling stones.
All bikes welcome on the trail ride.
All bikes welcome to enter.
All bikes welcome.
ALL bikes welcome.
Any bike can quickly, and inexpensively be made into a single speed.
Any bike is eligible as long as it has a twin shock rear end and is air cooled.
Every bike can be different.
Every bike comes with a free helmet and lock.
Every bike is assembled and test ridden by an experienced mechanic.
Every bike is handmade, with production decentralized in community supported shops.
Every bike sold is rechecked and readjusted at the time of sale.
Many bike rides at all levels in season.
Many bikes can incorporate lightweight plastic fenders very easily.
Many bikes get ridden and dumped in other jurisdictions.
Many bikes have a way to open the brake wider to make removal of the wheel easier.
Many bikes look alike.
Most bikes have bars.
Most bikes have brakes.
Most bikes have disc brakes.
Most bikes have functions.
Most bikes have several set programs like hill or interval workouts.
Most bikes have wheels.
Most bikes just gather dust.
Most bikes reach areas.
Most bikes reach congest areas.
Most bikes there are Chinese or Russian and old.
Most bikes use bags.
Most bikes use handlebar bags.
Most bikes use sealed caged ball bearings.
Most bikes use tubes.
Some bikes actually appreciate in value.
Some bikes are also available.
Some bikes are rompable, some are raceable, but the Osprey is both.
Some bikes are so full of new high-tech materials and alloys that the story writes itself.
Some bikes have arrangements.
Some bikes have attitudes, often due to bad parenting.
Some bikes have charging systems that chronicaly over charge the battery.
Some bikes have enough power.
Some bikes have own arrangements.
Some bikes have power.
Some bikes have tall windshields.
Some bikes have unique arrangements.
Some bikes have windshields.
Some bikes help neighbors.
Some bikes last only a year before they are changed around and re-hashed.
Some bikes use friction.
Some bikes parts are stronger than some body parts.
Bikings are exercises.
Bikings are fun.
Bikini atoll is evacuated for first tests under Operation Crossroads.
Bikini Island has an added asset.
Bikini season is fast approaching.
A bikini is a bathing suit
Bikini wwf sadomasochism woman bedroom.
Bikinis are attire.
Bikinis are everywhere.
Bikinis are fine at public pools.
Bikinis are located in beachs.
Bikinis are located in closets.
Bikinis are located in swimming pools.
Bikinis are no longer just for the young.
Bikinis are OK on the beaches, but dress sensibly elsewhere.
Bikinis are part of the lifestyle of young, confident girls.
Bikinis are swimsuits.
Bikinis are swimwears.
Bikinis are worn at the hips.
Bikinis have less material.
Bikinis render the wearer invulnerable to any form of damage.
Bilateral agreements are a major step towards that goal.
Bilateral agreements have their place also.
Bilateral aid comes mostly from France, the USA, the UK, Australia, and Japan.
Bilateral aid is how negotiations go between two friendly countries.
Bilateral animals have three axes of symmetry.
Bilateral arrangements have to start on a clean slate.
Bilateral assistance is more varied, but also tilts toward urban infrastructure or trade financing.
Bilateral breast metastases from choroidal melanoma.
Bilateral clefts can result in bilateral crossbites .
Bilateral combinations reach even higher energy levels than unilateral ones.
Bilateral consortium occurs only with adults.
Bilateral constraints are unfair given the international trading scheme.
A bilateral contract is a contract
Bilateral contracts can protect consumers against the volatility in the dysfunctional market.
Bilateral cryptorchidism results in the retention of both testes.
Bilateral debt refers to outstanding obligations of foreign governments to the U.S. government.
Bilateral dialogue is desirable in advance of a request on troop contributions.
Bilateral dialogue is likely to resume.
Bilateral diplomacy remains central to our conduct of foreign affairs.
Bilateral discussions are an integral part of the summit process.
Bilateral disease does often occur however.
Bilateral disease is somewhat more common in patients with infiltrating lobular carcinoma.
Bilateral dislocations are easier to miss than unilateral ones.
Many bilateral donors have political agendas which aid is supposed to support.
Bilateral efforts involve market access, market development and promotion.
Bilateral eyelid swelling and a sunken facial appearance suggest a cranio-facial fracture.
Bilateral hearing passes the test.
Bilateral infections are more commonly characteristic of gonorrhea.
Bilateral involvement is common.
Bilateral involvement is less frequent than unilateral occurrence.
Bilateral involvement is nearly invariable.
Bilateral involvement is twice as common as unilateral involvement.
Bilateral lesions are common.
Bilateral loans are loans agreements between two nations.
Bilateral lung sounds.
Bilateral mastitis can be the result of strep, rather than the more typical staph infection.
Bilateral meetings are fine for dealing with bilateral issues.
Bilateral motor rhythms during fictive rostral scratching in the turtle.
Bilateral movement moves both limbs together.
Bilateral nodes are common with cancers of soft pallet, tongue, epiglottice, and nasal pharynx.
Bilateral orchiectomy is the surgical removal of the testicles.
Bilateral orchitis can cause sterility.
Bilateral organisms have a front, back, top, bottom and left and right sides.
Bilateral pacts are also in effect.
Bilateral procedure can cause speech problems.
Bilateral ptosis is appreciated, however extraocular muscle movements appear to be intact.
Bilateral rash is rare.
Bilateral relations are back to normal.
Bilateral relations are excellent.
Bilateral relations continue to evolve in response to human rights developments.
Bilateral relations exist with foreign associations.
Bilateral relations predominate, based on conditionality that is unevenly applied.
Bilateral relationships are indispensable but insufficient.
Bilateral relationships are the basic building blocks of foreign and trade policy strategies.
Bilateral replacement means that both knees are replaced at the same time.
Bilateral surgery is done on both side of the body.
Bilateral symmetry can be very helpful.
Bilateral symmetry dominates only when the axis is vertical.
Bilateral symmetry exists where there is only one way to split the animal into equal halves.
Bilateral symmetry is a salient object property.
Bilateral symmetry is associated with cephalization, differentiation of a head.
Bilateral symmetry is associated with movement in which one end of the animal constantly leads.
Bilateral symmetry is common.
Bilateral symmetry is generally characteristic.
Bilateral symmetry is symmetry
Bilateral symmetry is the most common animal body plan.
Bilateral symmetry is the symmetrical arrangement of an organism.
Bilateral symmetry is two -sided.
Bilateral systems involve the inclusion of all of an individual's relatives within a given range.
Bilateral talks are under way to reschedule repayments of the nonconcessionary debt.
Bilateral testing is possible.
Bilateral trade continues to grow at a rate in excess of overall trade.
Bilateral trade continues to increase.
Bilateral trade is limited.
Bilateral trade is very healthy - with the balance heavily in favour of the United States.
Bilateral trade is, therefore, governed by a Pakistani restricted list of importable items.
Bilateral transactions are the simplest case.
Bilateral treatment is addressed in the package insert.
Bilateral treaties are between two countries.
Bilateral treaties involve two countries, while multilateral treaties involve three or more.
Bilateral ultrasound can be a useful adjunct to mammography.
Bilaterian animals differ from the Cnidaria in three fundamental ways.
Bilaterian animals have bilateral symmetry and tripoblastic development.
A bilberry is a berry
Bilberries are a very close European relative of blueberries.
Bilberries are chock full of Vitamin A and are eaten to help improve night vision.
A bilby is a bandicoot
Bilbies are an endangered species of Australian marsupials .
Bilbies are an endangered species of Australian marsupials.
Bilbies are easy prey for foxes, dogs and feral cats.
Bilbies are endangered - largely because of competition from rabbits and loss of habitat.
Bilbies are known to have up to a dozen burrows.
Bilbies are largely solitary, widely dispersed and found in low numbers.
Bilbies are marsupial omnivores that are desert dwellers.
Bilbies are marsupials and members of the bandicoot family.
Bilbies are marsupials, so like all other mammals, they reproduce sexually.
Bilbies are mythical.
Bilbies are nocturnal and burrows are occupied during daylight and intermittently during the night.
Bilbies are nocturnal and have powerful forelimbs and strong claws for digging.
Bilbies are nocturnal and terrestrial.
Bilbies are nocturnal so they avoid the hot days in their harsh environment.
Bilbies are nocturnal, only emerging from their burrows at night.
Bilbies are omnivores and eat small lizards, mice, spiders, insects, roots and seeds.
Bilbies are omnivores and uncover food by digging with their front feet.
Bilbies are omnivores, which means they eat a mixture of animals and plants.
Bilbies are quite interesting to look at, to say the least.
Bilbies are rabbit-sized, with powerful forelimbs for burrowing.
Bilbies are solitary animals, usually only coming together when the male seeks out potential mates.
Bilbies are the largest of the bandicoots, a type of small Australian marsupial.
Bilbies are the omnivorous creatures.
Bilbies are very small marsupials.
Bilbies become mature at six months of age when they are old enough to forage for themselves.
Bilbies block off their burrow during the day to keep it cool.
Bilbies breed all through the year and gestation takes two to three weeks.
Bilbies breed throughout the year, commonly having two young suckling from teats in the pouch.
Bilbies can hold their own against natural predators like pythons, raptors, dingoes and quolls.
Bilbies consume mud.
Bilbies eat after dark on fruits, insects, grubs, honey ants, spiders and fungi.
Bilbies find their food by searching in the sand with their long snouts.
Bilbies have (part) brains.
Bilbies have (part) breasts.
Bilbies have (part) cell membranes.
Bilbies have (part) cells.
Bilbies have (part) chest cavities.
Bilbies have (part) chests.
Bilbies have (part) corpi.
Bilbies have (part) cytoplasm.
Bilbies have (part) ears.
Bilbies have (part) faces.
Bilbies have (part) heads.
Bilbies have (part) nuclei.
Bilbies have (part) pedal extremities.
Bilbies have (part) piluses.
Bilbies have (part) plasma membranes.
Bilbies have (part) rib cages.
Bilbies have (part) sections.
Bilbies have (part) skulls.
Bilbies have (part) sterna.
Bilbies have (part) vacuoles.
Bilbies have (part) vertebrate feet.
Bilbies have a long pink snout which is hairless at the tip.
Bilbies have bilbies.
Bilbies have claws.
Bilbies have distinctive features.
Bilbies have ears.
Bilbies have eyesights.
Bilbies have features.
Bilbies have fur.
Bilbies have long snouts.
Bilbies have long tongues.
Bilbies have poor eyesight, so it is just as well their hearing and smelling senses are so good.
Bilbies have poor eyesights.
Bilbies have pouches.
Bilbies have several distinctive features.
Bilbies have several features.
Bilbies have slim tongues.
Bilbies have snouts.
Bilbies have soft fur.
Bilbies have strong forelimbs and thick claws, which they use to dig for food and make burrows.
Bilbies have the characteristic long bandicoot muzzle and very big ears that radiate heat.
Bilbies have tongues.
Bilbies have very bad eyesight, they rely more on their ears and snout.
Bilbies live either alone or in mating pairs.
Bilbies live in burrows in hot, dry grasslands and semi-arid spinifex areas.
Bilbies live in Queensland and Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Bilbies make their homes in spiraling burrows that are very difficult for predators to access.
Bilbies occupy habitats.
Bilbies reach maturity.
Bilbies reach sexual maturity.
Bilbies start breeding at around six months old.
Bilbies stay in burrows.
Bilby isa bandicoot.
Most bilbies consume mud.
Most bilbies have bilbies.
Most bilbies have claws.
Most bilbies have distinctive features.
Most bilbies have ears.
Most bilbies have eyesights.
Most bilbies have fur.
Most bilbies have long snouts.
Most bilbies have long tongues.
Most bilbies have poor eyesights.
Most bilbies have pouches.
Most bilbies have several distinctive features.
Most bilbies have several features.
Most bilbies have slim tongues.
Most bilbies have snouts.
Most bilbies have soft fur.
Most bilbies have tongues.
Most bilbies occupy habitats.
Most bilbies reach maturity.
Most bilbies reach sexual maturity.
Most bilbies stay in burrows.
Some bilbies adapt to arid habitats.
Some bilbies adapt to habitats.
Some bilbies come out at nights.
Some bilbies dig burrows.
Some bilbies dig spiral burrows.
Some bilbies eat insects.
Some bilbies have ability.
Some bilbies have characteristics.
Some bilbies have glands.
Some bilbies have noses.
Some bilbies have periods.
Some bilbies have predators.
Some bilbies have senses.
Some bilbies have tails.
Some bilbies leave burrows.
Some bilbies live in habitats.
Some bilbies look for food.
Some bilbies rely on senses.
Bile acid has actions.
Bile acid has effects.
Bile acid is a steroid
Bile acid is steroids.
Bile acids are also critical for transport and absorption of the fat-soluble vitamins .
Bile acids are derivatives of cholesterol synthesized in the hepatocyte.
Bile acids are important in the breakdown of fats in digestion.
Bile acids assist in digestion and absorption of fats.
Bile acids emulsify the fat and lipid materials present in food, thus facilitating absorption.
Bile acids entering the colon can directly cause a secretory diarrhea.
Bile acids induce water secretion by the colon as they enter that organ, thus promoting catharsis.
Bile acids undergo enterohepatic circulation.
Bile acids work in the body to get rid of excess cholesterol.
Most bile acid has actions.
Most bile acid has effects.
Some bile acid contains cholesterol.
Some bile acid is synthesized from cholesterol.
A bile duct is a duct
Bile duct are present in normal numbers and are intact.
Bile duct strictures Blockages to the bile ducts can occur from a variety of causes.
Bile ducts are channels that drain the canaliculi.
Bile ducts are intact, and no florid duct lesions are seen.
Bile ducts are intact.
Bile ducts are part of livers.
Bile ducts are scarred and narrowed, ultimately resulting in cirrhosis and liver failure.
Bile ducts carry bile from the liver and gallbladder through the pancreas.
Bile ducts carry bile to the gall bladder for temporary storage.
Bile ducts carry bile.
Most bile ducts are part of livers.
Most bile ducts carry bile.
Some bile ducts carry bile salt.
Some bile ducts carry salt.
Some bile ducts lead from livers.
Bile ductules are present.
Bile pigments are the breakdown products of heme.
Bile pigments are the route by which the breakdown products of red cells are excreted.
Bile pigments form during the breakdown of hemoglobin.
Bile pigments give feces their characteristic color.
Some bile pigment comes from breakdowns.
Bile retention can further injure the liver and promote fibrosis.
Bile salt is salt
Bile salt is salt.
Bile salts aid in emulsifying and absorbing fats in the intestine.
Bile salts are amphipatic and have a detergent action on fat.
Bile salts are cholesterol derivatives, principally cholic acid and chenodeoxycholic acid.
Bile salts are in turn absorbed in the ileum and are recycled by the liver and gall bladder.
Bile salts are the major component.
Bile salts break up fat, and bilirubin gives bile and stool a brownish color.
Bile salts cause fat globules to break up.
Bile salts convert carotene.
Bile salts enhance the absorption properties of the fatty acids and certain fat-soluble vitamins.
Bile salts form micelles, with the polar groups facing outward.
Bile salts help to emulsify fats which aids the pancreas with digestion.
Bile salts help to keep cholesterol in solution in the bile.
Bile salts induce or blunt cell proliferation in barrett's esophagus in an acid-dependent fashion.
Bile salts inhibit many kinds of bacteria, especially gram positives.
Bile salts inhibit non-enteric bacteria.
Bile salts stimulate the secretion of water by the large intestine to help move the contents along.
Bile salts surround fats to form micelles that can pass into the epithelial cells.
Some bile salt helps carbohydrates.
Some bile salt is synthesized in livers.
Bile samples are collected, weighted and analyzed by liquid scintillation.
Bile secretion is stimulated by a some- what similar mechanism.
Bile contains acid.
Bile contains bile acid.
Bile contains enzymes.
Bile contains phospholipids.
Bile contains poisonous substances.
Bile contains substances.
Bile enters duodenums.
Bile flows from livers.
Bile flows into duodenums.
Bile flows into intestines.
Bile has impact.
Bile has strong impact.
Bile helps in digestion.
Bile is formed by breakdowns.
Bile is humour
Bile is produced by livers.
Bile is secreted by livers.
Bile isa substance.
Bile mixes with food.
Bile performs functions.
Bile performs important functions.
Bile travelss from livers.
Biles also is worried about property zoning.
Biles has degrees in both agronomy and entomology.
Most bile contains acid.
Most bile contains substances.
Most bile has impact.
Most bile has strong impact.
Most bile is formed by breakdowns.
Most bile is produced by livers.
Most bile is secreted by livers.
Most bile performs important functions.
Some bile carries products.
Some bile carries waste products.
Some bile contains bile salt.
Some bile contains salt.
Some bile contains water.
Some bile helps digestion.
Some bile helps food.
Bilek sculptures are very mysterious and often show some pain.
A bilge is water
Bilges stay dry.
Biliary atresia begins before birth.
Biliary atresia is a chronic, progressive liver problem that becomes evident shortly after birth.
Biliary atresia is a common indication in pediatric patients.
Biliary atresia is a progressive inflammatory process that begins very soon after birth.
Biliary atresia is a rare condition that presents with jaundice in babies.
Biliary atresia is a rare disorder of infancy.
Biliary atresia is a serious disease of the very young infant.
Biliary atresia is an irreversible problem.
Biliary atresia is caused when the bile duct to the liver becomes inflamed.
Biliary atresia is characterized by absent bile ducts most notable within the liver hilum.
Biliary atresia is characterized by the absence of the large bile duct outside the liver.
Biliary atresia is the closure or disappearance of the biliary system.
Biliary atresia is the most common cause of chronic liver disease in neonates.
Biliary atresia is the most common cause of jaundice that requires surgical treatment in infants.
Biliary atresia is the most common indication for liver transplant in children.
Biliary bicarbonate is regulated by cholangiocytes rather than hepatocytes in normal rat liver.
Biliary cancer starts within a single cell.
Biliary cirrhosis is a rare form of liver cirrhosis, caused by disease or defects of the bile ducts.
Biliary cirrhosis is a type caused by disruption of bile flow and is more common in women.
Biliary colic is an extremely severe pain in the upper right-hand part of the abdomen.
Biliary colic is characterized by sharp, intermittent, right upper quadrant pain.
Biliary colic is extreme cramping pain in the right upper abdomen, the area just below the chest.
Biliary colic is the pain associated with stones as they pass.
Biliary colic produces a steady pain, which can be quite severe.
Biliary colic recurs with irregular, pain-free intervals of days or months.
Biliary complications are common, especially after right lobe resection.
Biliary complications continue to plague the operation.
Biliary drainage is safe, but complications can occur.
Biliary ducts demonstrate homogeneous filing with contrast medium and are normal in diameter.
Biliary excretion contributes to the elimination of candesartan.
Biliary excretion is a pathway for transformed biometabolites from the liver.
Biliary excretion is the preferred route of excretion of mercury.
Biliary obstruction exacerbates the hepatic microvascular inflammatory response to endotoxin.
Biliary obstruction is the common pathophysiology of most biliary diseases.
Most biliary obstructions are caused by the high consumption of sugar, fat and processed foods.
Biliary passages begin as tiny bile canaliculi formed by adjacent hepatocytes.
Bilinear interpolation gives the image a smoother look than simple pixel duplication.
Bilinear interpolation is performed on the logarithmic intensity values to minimize errors.
Bilinear interpolation is used for interpolation between the four values.
Bilinear interpolation reduces the blockyness by interpolating between texels.
Bilinear interpolation uses a weighted average of the four nearest pixels.
Bilinear mirrors linear.
Bilinear operators can make two-spin order operators appear.
Bilingual ability is a plus.
Bilingual ability is an asset.
Bilingual ability is desirable.
Bilingual ability is helpful in all areas.
Bilingual access is available.
Bilingual appendices touch on irregular verbs, standard abbreviations, and related language topics.
Bilingual applicant is an asset.
Bilingual applicants are preferred.
Bilingual applicants are welcome.
Bilingual applicants have a great advantage.
Bilingual appointments are available by special request.
Bilingual assistance is available at many polling places throughout the state.
Bilingual assistance is available at most sites.
Bilingual assistance is available.
Bilingual assistance is provided.
Bilingual assistants provide first language support for new students.
Bilingual ballots are an expensive burden on state and local governments.
Bilingual ballots are unnecessary, and they are a costly burden.
Bilingual Bibles are common.
Bilingual books are also available.
Bilingual candidate is preferred.
Bilingual candidates are also strongly preferred in the Northern Region of the province.
Bilingual capabilities are limited.
Bilingual capability is preferred as well as experience with low-income, minority populations.
Bilingual children are advanced in cognitive development and metalinguistic awareness.
Bilingual children can develop high levels of literacy and proficiency in both languages.
Bilingual children can play a major role in promoting dietary changes and modifications.
Bilingual children develop a mental agility and flexibility about learning that monolinguals lack.
Bilingual classes are a good thing.
Bilingual classes are necessary, officials say.
Bilingual classes are small, and students receive personal attention from faculty.
Most bilingual classes suffer from large class sizes, lack funding, and insufficient staff.
Bilingual communication skills in classroom context processing.
Bilingual communication skills with a Spanish fluency are necessary.
Bilingual competence is a plus.
Bilingual competency is desirable.
Bilingual consultants are available upon request.
Bilingual content is accepted.
Bilingual counseling is available at the Clear Lake office.
Bilingual counseling is provided, as well as psychological consultation to Hispanic families.
Bilingual counsellors are available to talk with students.
Bilingual counselors are available.
Bilingual counselors are in demand.
Bilingual crew is available.
Bilingual curriculum is changed too often.
A bilingual dictionary is a dictionary
Bilingual dictionaries are available, in printed form, and increasingly, on computer.
Bilingual dictionaries are dictionaries.
Bilingual dictionaries are in the general reading room on the second floor.
Bilingual dictionaries match words in one language with their equivalents in another.
Bilingual doctors are common in all Panama City hospitals.
Bilingual education allows children to learn English and prevents their falling behind academically.
Bilingual education allows parents to actively participate in their children's education.
Bilingual education begins in kindergarten.
Bilingual education can clash with some parent expectations.
Bilingual education continues to receive criticism in the national media.
Bilingual education differs because it has two purposes.
Bilingual education does a disservice to our students.
Bilingual education has different meanings in different contexts.
Bilingual education has other benefits.
Bilingual education helps ease the transition.
Bilingual education helps to create an educated workforce.
Bilingual education is a better way to learn English.
Bilingual education is a concept.
Bilingual education is a controversial issue.
Bilingual education is a controversial public policy.
Bilingual education is a demonstrated failure at teaching English.
Bilingual education is a fraud perpetrated against Hispanic youngsters.
Bilingual education is a more effective way of teaching English.
Bilingual education is a proven failure.
Bilingual education is a sticky subject.
Bilingual education is a successful, necessary tool for teaching students.
Bilingual education is a term which means different things to different people.
Bilingual education is a topic that has been widely controversial during the past few years.
Bilingual education is a transitional program.
Bilingual education is an investment that pays off.
Bilingual education is an issue that is largely diversionary.
Bilingual education is back in the news.
Bilingual education is big business in California.
Bilingual education is controversial.
Bilingual education is counterintuitive.
Bilingual education is dead and the courts are pounding nails in the coffin.
Bilingual education is dead.
Bilingual education is effective in transitioning students to English .
Bilingual education is enhanced with characteristics that affect minority populations.
Bilingual education is far more costly than English language instruction.
Bilingual education is good, even if the child completes many years learning in the native tongue.
Bilingual education is important because their language is their culture.
Bilingual education is judged a failure.
Bilingual education is language apartheid.
Bilingual education is made up of different kinds of programs and levels.
Bilingual education is negative to the students.
Bilingual education is permitted.
Bilingual education is simply the use of two languages for instruction.
Bilingual education is supported by both theory and practice.
Bilingual education is the use of two languages for instruction, English and native language.
Bilingual education means much more than simply teaching a student how to function in two languages.
Bilingual education needs to be fixed.
Bilingual education provides for the overall academic experience in our American schools.
Bilingual education strengthens American democracy and global competitiveness.
Bilingual education teaches students in their native language while they learn English.
Bilingual education treats English as an afterthought.
Bilingual education uses two languages as the media of instruction.
Bilingual education uses two languages.
Bilingual educators are individuals who have achieved the benefits of two languages and cultures .
Bilingual educators describe the challenges faced today by their programs.
Bilingual educators have to explain a myriad of complex issues.
Bilingual employees are available to assist customers at our urban branch locations.
Bilingual employees are eligible for extra pay.
Bilingual executives are present in almost every business in the country.
Bilingual families begin to be increasingly common.
Bilingual glossaries are useful for aiding the translator with technical terms.
Bilingual guides are available to explain the sites history.
Bilingual guides are available.
Bilingual guides provide a rich historical and cultural tour.
Bilingual homepage includes reports on racial discrimination, other issues.
Bilingual inclusion is critical, but often overlooked.
Bilingual instruction is provided daily to all eligible spanish speaking students.
Bilingual instructors are available.
Bilingual instructors teach academic subjects in the students' primary language.
Bilingual instructors teach academic subjects in the students'primary language.
Bilingual interpretation is essential.
Bilingual interpreters are much in demand, especially if they can offer a third language.
Some bilingual issues merge with the French ed.
Bilingual magazines are a recent trend.
Bilingual materials are available for check-out.
Bilingual offerings are available in all categories.
Bilingual officers are much in demand.
Bilingual operators are now available.
Bilingual option Operates two different languages if desired.
Bilingual options are available and some links offer basic cultural information.
Many bilingual people grow up speaking two languages.
Bilingual personnel are important.
Bilingual personnel assist with reference questions and provide readers' advisory services.
Bilingual positions require fluency in both Spanish and English.
Bilingual priests are scarce, specially in the back country.
Bilingual professionals ensure a fluent communication in English, French and Italian language.
Bilingual proficiency is desirable for all students.
Bilingual proficiency is often highly desirable.
Bilingual programs are often ghettos of poor instruction.
Most bilingual programs are transitional, gradually increasing English language usage.
Bilingual remotes are also available.
Bilingual representatives are available to assist our Spanish-speaking customers.
Bilingual representatives are available.
Bilingual requirements vary.
Bilingual resources are available.
Bilingual resources found here make it useful for photographers planning on traveling to Moscow.
Bilingual service is available.
Bilingual services are also available to the parents.
Bilingual services are also available.
Bilingual services are available if needed.
Bilingual services are available in Spanish.
Bilingual services are available.
Bilingual signs are also a common sight in many British schools.
Bilingual signs contribute to 'a sense of place', a clear selling point for visitors.
Bilingual signs do exist sporadically.
Bilingual site has some info accessible in English.
Bilingual site includes history, news, pictures, lyrics, and concert reviews.
Bilingual site requires Korean-capable browser.
Bilingual situations pose many difficulties both for teachers and students.
Bilingual skill are a plus.
Bilingual skills are a plus.
Bilingual skills are also highly desirable.
Bilingual skills are always a plus.
Bilingual skills are desirable.
Bilingual skills are highly desirable, particularly Spanish.
Bilingual skills are highly desirable.
Bilingual skills are highly preferred.
Bilingual skills are mandatory.
Bilingual skills are necessary for some assignments.
Bilingual skills are preferred and encouraged.
Bilingual skills are very helpful.
Bilingual software is also available.
Bilingual speakers are available.
Some bilingual speakers are available upon request.
Bilingual specializations are also available.
Bilingual staff are available for technical assistance, training and materials.
Bilingual staff are available to serve Spanish speaking requestors.
Bilingual staff are available.
Bilingual staff can be helpful.
Bilingual staff is available upon request.
Bilingual staff is available, and all information is kept confidential.
Bilingual staff is available.
Bilingual staff is present in each facility.
Bilingual staff is required for Miami sales office location.
Bilingual students acquire English in many settings.
Bilingual students are an excellent resource.
Bilingual students assist with Spanish-language academic programs and parent communications.
Bilingual students can help make a larger world of resources available to the monolingual students.
All bilingual students know one or more languages well.
Many bilingual students have uneven development in their two languages.
Bilingual support is available for Bosnian, Russian, Somali, Spanish and Vietnamese speakers.
Bilingual talent is one option.
Bilingual teachers are available for limited English speaking students.
Bilingual teachers are in demand.
Bilingual teachers are in short supply.
Bilingual teachers are more than people who speak two languages.
Bilingual teachers are very much needed in Texas, which has a rising Hispanic population.
Bilingual teachers can teach in English too.
Bilingual teachers can translate coursework during group sessions.
Bilingual teachers receive an annual stipend.
Bilingual teachers use both Spanish and English when teaching the lessons.
Bilingual therapist are also available.
Bilingual therapists are available to provide most services.
Bilingual therapists are available.
Bilingual tours are also available.
Bilingual training is offered to all beginning teachers who have bilingual assignments.
Bilingual translators assist in the tours.
Bilingual versions are also available.
Bilingual versions are available.
Bilingual versions come with a manual in English.
Bilingual volunteers are needed, men are welcome, and continuing education credits are available.
Bilingual volunteers assist elderly clients with document preparation.
Bilingual volunteers can translate the guide into other languages for distribution at the schools.
Bilingual workers are welcome.
A bilingual is a person
Bilinguals have to translate from their weaker to their stronger language.
Bilinguals require more input to isolate and identify non-marked items than Marked ones.
A bilingualism is power
Bilingualism does irritate the majority or the minority members of the community.
Bilingualism involves the ability to use two different languages successfully.
Bilingualism is a charming exception, but monolingualism is of course the rule.
Bilingualism is a classic example.
Bilingualism is a competitive advantage for Canada.
Bilingualism is a definite asset.
Bilingualism is a fundamental element of Canadian identity.
Bilingualism is a valuable skill, for individuals and for the country.
Bilingualism is an asset in the other regions.
Bilingualism is an asset.
Bilingualism is an essential qualification.
Bilingualism is an expensive failure.
Bilingualism is attainable outside the classroom, as proved in Europe and elsewhere.
Bilingualism is both a legal requirement and a fact of life in Quebec.
Bilingualism is considered a valuable asset.
Bilingualism is considered to be appropriate preparation.
Bilingualism is emphasized and many varied activities are offered - art, music, gym.
Bilingualism is essential.
Bilingualism is limited.
Bilingualism is new.
Bilingualism is now hard to come by here.
Bilingualism is simply a kind of art, learning another method of artistic expression.
Bilingualism is sure to rise - more polical division.
Bilingualism is wide-spread.
Bilingualism is, therefore, a major goal of the school.
Bilingualism just enhances that process.
Bilingualism makes progress in Canada .
Bilingualism raises interesting questions regarding the plasticity of higher brain functions.
Bilingualisms are ability.
Bilious colic has a conqueror in specific chionanthus.
Bilious vomiting is the most frequent symptom in the first month of life.
Bilirubin metabolism begins with the breakdown of red blood cells by phagocytic cells.
A bilirubin is pigment
All bilirubin is, really, is red blood cells that died and decomposed.
Bilko movie is serviceable.
Bill collectors count on that reaction.
A bill of exchange is an instrument
Most bills of exchange traded in the market are bank-accepted bills.
A bill of fare is a bill
Bill of fare includes burritos, tacos, chalupas, sandwiches and chili.
A bill of lading is a receipt
Bills of lading are generally the same from carrier to carrier.
Bills of materials reordering is intuitive.
Bills of materials used in canal construction and repair projects, ca.
Bills of right are statements.
Bills of rights are in fashion at the moment.
Bills of rights are notorious for being the last ground of the desperate in litigation.
Bills of rights are unnecessary in countries such as Australia where rights are very well protected.
Bills of rights differ from nation to nation.
A bill of sale is a title
Most bills of sale describe the vehicle, the parties, and the purchase price.
A bill is an instrument
Bill acceptor it takes new and old bills on both.
Bill accounts early enough to receive payments prior to the base year.
Bill accounts receivable and follow-up on overdue accounts.
Bill answers questions from conference delegates.
Bill answers without so much as a glance.
Bill combs the South in search of heirloom plants.
Bill darts to the side of the road to avoid the canine s chompers and grabs a rock from the gutter.
Bill embodies that.
Bill embodies the minister as teacher and pastor for both lay and clergy.
Bill finishes painting before final assembly.
Bill freaks and stops eating everything.
Bill gates dreams of a pc in every home.
Bill greets each day with humility and courage.
Bill handcrafts custom flintlocks full-time.
Bill isa criterion.
Bill isa document.
Bill isa standard.
Bill lectures in management, quality management, organisation development and enterprise management.
Bill lectures on drug culture, terminology, drug identification and method of detecting drug use.
Bill lives and ponders on planet Earth.
Bill lives and works from a cabin in the woods of east Tennessee.
Bill lives and works in an area east of Albuquerque, New Mexico known as the East Mountains .
Bill looks and feels improved.
Bill mixes country, twang, western swing and blues with rockabilly and rock 'n' roll.
Bill moves deftly and gracefully.
Bill passes and is sent to president.
Bill passes and is sent to the other house.
Bill paying is a huge hassle.
Bill paying is easy to use, and in our tests, reliable.
Bill paying is the most useful of all the PC banking options.
Bill plays first.
Bill plays guitar with an extraordary amount of energy and skill.
Bill plays guitar, mandolin, bodhran, bazooki and also handles vocals.
Bill plays guitar.
Bill plays offence.
Bill practices harder than anyone on the team.
Bill prefers action flicks.
Bill pulls out a map and draws a circle around Middle East area.
Bill rents an apartment in Helena .
Bill reprint via email attachment.
Bill runs steelhead trips for both the conventional and fly angler.
Bill shapes in some of the tyrannid flycatchers.
Bill shapes vary with the food eaten - most commonly insects, fruit, or seeds.
Bill shares everything.
Bill shoots around the barrel.
Bill squints at the display.
Bill stirs awake.
Bill studies hard.
Bill supervises all the maintenance for Roosevelt village.
Bill supervises the entire operation, making sure all guests receive the finest in service.
Bill takes ownership.
Bill talks about astronauts food in space.
Bill talks about country life, raising hogs, living with virtue.
Bill talks about directing.
Bill talks about features.
Bill talks about life in Space.
Bill talks about the longevity of Bewitched and how the idea for the show originated.
Bill talks to the driver.
Bill talks to youth about the hazarded and different kinds of drugs.
Bill tends to take the direct approach when handling a conflict situation.
Bill thrives on feedback from fellow sailors.
Bill trades patches.
Bill trains almost daily in a variety of athletic disciplines.
Bill volunteers many hours in the community.
Bill works as an electrician.
Bill works daily.
Bill works extensively in the area of all processed foods other than meat and dairy products.
Bill works there as a professional baker.
Bill yells back.
Bills also bear a turtle watermark on the left hand side and are easily distinquishable by colour.
Bills also require a microfiche card number.
Bills also show receipt of deposit, payment schedule, other services available, and balance due.
Bills appropriate legal aid or pro bono program for costs.
Bills are a critical reality of any living situation and they have to be paid.
Bills are absolutely compulsory for any refunding.
Bills are active for two years.
Bills are also pending in New Hampshire and Minnesota.
Bills are aprox.
Bills are assigned according to subject area.
Bills are at a premium because a greater money value has been imported than exported.
Bills are available for the current legislative session and prior sessions.
Bills are available on microfiche.
Bills are available on thefirst day of every month.
Bills are black.
Bills are butchers.
Bills are documents.
Bills are due and payable by the due date printed at top of bill.
Bills are due and payable immediately on the customer due date.
Bills are due and payable on receipt.
Bills are due and payable one week prior to the start of each semester.
Bills are due and payable upon receipt.
Bills are due and payable when submitted.
Bills are due approximately twelve to fifteen days from the day mailed.
Bills are due at the time books are returned.
Bills are due at the time of receipt.
Bills are due at the time overdue books or damaged materials are returned.
Bills are due immediately upon receipt of fine notice.
Bills are due immediately upon receipt.
Bills are due on the date stated on each invoice.
Bills are due on the fifteenth day after the date of the bill.
Bills are due on the first of the month.
Bills are due sixty days after the billing date.
Bills are due upon receipt and delinquent after twenty-one days.
Bills are due upon receipt and delinquent the second of each month.
Bills are due upon receipt of a billing notice.
Bills are due upon receipt or notification by the library staff.
Bills are due upon receipt.
Bills are due when fines are computed and notice is given.
Bills are due when invoice is received.
Bills are due when received.
Bills are greyish white.
Bills are hand tools.
Bills are late.
Bills are legal documents.
Bills are lighter and more streamlined than the heavy jaws of mammals and reptiles.
Bills are lists.
Bills are located in congresses.
Bills are located in envelopes.
Bills are located in mail boxs.
Bills are located in restaurants.
Bills are located in trash.
Bills are located in wallets.
Bills are money.
Bills are more readily available for scrutiny by legislators and the public.
Bills are negotiable in the money market , so enabling drawers to obtain their money at once.
Bills are never fun to open - but a little knowledge can ease the pain.
Bills are now in Legislature to eliminate Counties and local Governments.
Bills are numerical within each bill type.
Bills are nuts.
Bills are of one, two, five, ten, twenty, fifty, and one hundred dollars.
Bills are often out of policy committees before fiscal impact notes are prepared.
Bills are paper money.
Bills are paper money.
Bills are part of baseball caps.
Bills are payable by the due date on the bill.
Bills are payable immediately upon receipt by patron.
Bills are payable in full when due.
Bills are payable on receipt.
Bills are payable one semester at a time.
Bills are payable upon receipt unless special terms have been accepted in advance by Vitis.
Bills are payable upon receipt.
Bills are prepared for both small and large animals.
Bills are prepared on a weekly basis through the first week of the semester.
Bills are prepared one client at a time.
Bills are programs.
Bills are proposals for new laws.
Bills are proposals.
Bills are proposed legislation.
Bills are royal.
Bills are searchable by name, keyword, sponsor, number, or topic.
Bills are searchable by number and word.
Bills are similar in content.
Bills are small to cut down on heat loss.
Bills are statements.
Bills are still in committee.
Bills are subject to the power cost adjustment clause.
Bills are television shows.
Bills are text searchable.
Bills are the ones everyone chases and no one gets to keep.
Bills are the responsibility of ALL people sharing a room or cottage.
Bills are the responsibility of the traveler.
Bills are the usual form in which legislation is proposed.
Bills are thin, they smell good and have pretty graphics.
Bills are to be paid as soon as possible as budget was approved prior to the event.
Bills are to be paid at the library or mailed to the library.
Bills are to be paid but reciepts are required.
Bills are to be paid monthly.
Bills are to be submitted after the last day of care of each month.
Bills are under session information and are categorized by house, committee and prime sponsor.
Bills are used for communicating.
Bills are used for notification.
Bills are used for totalling cost.
Bills are very good.
Bills are way past due and money lenders want to settle up.
Bills arrive all too soon after the holidays.
Bills arrive on time or sooner.
Bills can be either public or private.
Bills can be public or private, general or specific.
Bills can sometimes double.
Bills can wait until tomorrow.
Bills change bracelets watch chain rings earrings nosering fucking metrocard.
Bills churn in committee.
Bills come in different versions depending on their stage in the legislative process.
Bills come in five, ten, twenty, fifty, and hundred dollar denominations.
Bills come in for a long time after the company has closed.
Bills come in here but sometimes bills never get out.
Bills confirming the delay are to be issued by the customs authorities.
Bills considered under a suspension of the rules require a two-thirds vote to pass.
Bills contain information.
Bills continue to be proposed at the federal level to support taxpayer-funded school vouchers.
Bills continue to pile up.
Bills cover, minimum age, vending machines, sampling, proof of age, enforcement, fines.
Bills deal with general academic and student affairs policy of the university.
Bills desire sex.
Bills differ primarily in the allocation of funds between coastal and non-coastal states.
Bills fail to become statutory.
Bills filed in the states vary in intent.
Bills get mixed up.
Bills give physically impaired wider work freedom.
Bills give the text of legislation and name the sponsors of the legislation.
Bills go out first class.
Bills go out the first of the month.
Bills go unpaid or are chronically late.
Bills go unpaid until the strike is over.
Bills go unpaid.
Bills have nowhere to go but down.
Bills have numbers.
Bills have purposes.
Bills have to be paid.
Bills involving appropriations, ways and means or leadership measures are immune from the funnel.
Bills is easy to set up and navigate.
Bills Keep accurate records of all bills and payments.
Bills listed for the first time are in boldface.
Bills loom overhead.
Bills making an appropriation of money also become effective immediately.
Bills normally come out once every month.
Bills normally receive their most thorough consideration by subcommittees.
Bills passes the chamber are introduced to the other chamber.
Bills pauses next to some California kangaroo rat burrows, ubiquitous on the mesa.
Bills pile up Networking companies are feeling the pain brought on by their struggling customers.
Bills pile up on the kitchen counter.
Bills range from shipboard gambling to lottery for education to casinos.
Bills receive a public hearing and a committee recommendation.
Bills related to licensing software practitioners are under consideration in at least six states.
Bills rendered on date publication is mailed.
Bills require the approval of the president to become official university policy.
Bills roll in In the New Year when the bills roll in things start to turn sour.
Bills run up the middle for an easy score.
Bills seek federal regulation of tobacco products.
Bills show clearly the number of patients transported and the miles driven.
Bills suck that is all there is to it.
Bills take aim at double standard.
Bills take time.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of cheques.
Bills travel through the mail, at twice the speed of checks.
Bills typically concern a specific topic, like raising the pay of soldiers.
Bills vary in length from a single paragraph to hundreds of pages.
Bills works with a number of geographical and special interest chapters planning alumni events.
Bills often exceed income whether as a result of the loss of a job or simply from over spending.
Bills often mount before reaching a doctor.
Bills sometimes die because no such agreement can be reached.
All bill analyses prepared by legislative committees in connection with each bill .
All bills are available for inspection as are all parts that have been replaced.
All bills are due and payable in advance.
All bills are due and payable in full upon receipt by the client.
All bills are due and payable on the fifteenth of each month following billing.
All bills are due and payable upon receipt of invoice.
All bills are due and payable upon receipt.
All bills are due at the same time, regardless of when students register.
All bills are due at the same time.
All bills are due on the first of the month.
All bills are due on the last day of the month.
All bills are due thirty days from the date of the invoice.
All bills are due upon receipt and past due after the date posted on the bill.
All bills are due upon receipt.
All bills are due upon reciept.
All bills are due when received.
All bills are net of discounts, income tax rebates, etc.
All bills are ok for tonight.
All bills are payable in full within the specified terms indicated on the invoice.
All bills are payable in United States currency.
All bills are payable monthly in advance.
All bills are payable no later than check out.
All bills are payable on demand unless other terms of payment are agreed upon.
All bills are payable upon receipt.
All bills are payable when owed.
All bills are payable within thirty days from the date of invoice.
All bills are to be paid by check within one week after billing.
All bills carry over to the next floorperiod.
All bills go before various committees.
All bills go through the committee, where members determine if legislation is constitutional.
All bills including tuition and housing fees, are payable as specified on the billing notice.
All bills incurred for health-related reasons are the sole responsibility of the student.
Every bill discloses a current amount due and a delinquent amount due.
Every bill has two parts, the title and the body.
Every bill is assigned a number.
Every bill is placed within a category that reflects the general subject matter of that bill.
Many bills amend laws already in existence.
Many bills become law without having gone through a conference committee, however.
Many bills continue moving and sessions are longer.
Many bills fail to live up to the promises made on the day they are signed into law.
Many bills fulfill promises made during the election campaigns, but many more died on the way.
Many bills go to the governor when session is over.
Many bills never become law.
Many bills never make it to enactment.
Many bills originate after a department or students seek changes from the administration.
Many bills pass after many tries.
Many bills take more than one session to be enacted into law.
Many bills take years to pass.
More bills are round the corner.
Most bills usually get only a broad overview in order to qualify for payment.
Most bills are authorization bills, which create and set goals for government programs.
Most bills are killed in committees without any further actions, so they never become law.
Most bills are public bills, dealing with general issues.
Most Bills are public Bills.
Most bills contain information.
Most bills die somewhere along the way.
Most bills generate support and opposition from a variety of groups.
Most bills have payment stubs that, when returned, help match a payment to an account.
Most bills have purposes.
Most bills never become law.
Most bills take longer to complete the process, however.
Most bills take longer to complete the process.
Some bill searching is available for the current legislative session.
Some bills advertise political opinions.
Some Bills apply to the whole of the United Kingdom.
Some bills are broad enough to warrant direct consideration by the full committee itself.
Some bills are more important than others.
Some bills are very general.
Some bills arrive a week or more after their closing date and within two weeks of their due dates.
Some bills arrive electronically, which makes for easy payment by frequent travelers.
Some bills become effective immediately upon signature if they are deemed emergency measures.
Some bills contain a clause which specify a particular effective date.
Some bills have air pockets.
Some bills have more than one number.
Some bills have pockets.
Some bills have shields.
Some bills have tendencies.
Some bills have upward tendencies.
Some bills offer a window for much needed reforms in Texas.
Some bills pass with little discussion.
Some bills prohibit sales.
Some bills protect children.
Some bills received are too faint to be scanned and thus processing is delayed.
Some bills require approval.
Some bills require commissions.
Some bills specify the exact date when they are to take effect.
Billable hours are every bit as valuable as parts in a bin or karts on the floor.
Billable hours are never a focus.
Billable rates reflect the entire cost of the staff member's time including overhead.
Billable staff includes only technical support staff performing non-clerical duties.
Billable time includes loading, set up, clean up and unloading.
Billable time includes set up and clean up.
Billable time is also a kind of billing that is universally understood.
Billable time is prorated to the quarter hour.
All billable time is itemized and documented for audit.
Billable work is above and beyond general maintenance.
A billabong is a pool
Billabongs appear often in Australian literature .
Billabongs appear often in Australian literature.
Billabongs are depressions in the upper savanna.
Billboard ads are noticeably chaste.
Billboard ads can be very expensive and are used infrequently on the Internet.
Billboard advertising works.
Billboard avatars are announcements of some sort - political, philosophical, personal.
Billboard bags are waterproof, tear-resistant and sturdy.
Billboard companies are likely to resort to lawsuits and other tactics to thwart the assault.
Billboard companies have six months to remove their advertisements.
Billboard construction can and needs to stop.
Billboard magazine publishes a list of the most popular vaudeville songs.
Billboard messages can change as often as needed, everyday if necessary.
Billboard opponents seem to have the opposite impression.
Billboard postings are available only on an annual basis.
A billboard is a sign
Billboards advertise local fire departments and provide a phone number for details.
Billboards advertise things like caves, canoes, and hams.
Billboards advertising the store show real athletes and computer-game images side by side.
Billboards also have their value.
Billboards announce advertiser's sites.
Billboards are also a possibility.
Billboards are an effective way in reaching lots of people.
Billboards are cash machines are radio stations.
Billboards are cheap to build and profitable to operate.
Billboards are commercial advertisements.
Billboards are custom painted or computer imaged aerodynamic signs.
Billboards are honest.
Billboards are huge landmarks on the road that people notice, remember, and TALK about.
Billboards are in place throughout the five counties covered by the archdiocese.
Billboards are in the works.
Billboards are large display advertisements which pop up as an overlay on the screen.
Billboards are large, elevated signs that dot many highways.
Billboards are located in cities.
Billboards are located in countrysides.
Billboards are located in streets.
Billboards are magazines.
Billboards are often the leading edge of ugly sprawling development.
Billboards are only the tip of the iceberg.
Billboards are open air.
Billboards are outlawed along Maine s highways, so there s little else to watch for at night.
Billboards are taxable at the location of the billboard.
Billboards are the cheapest way to reach mass audiences.
Billboards are the most efficient and lowest cost advertising found in the traditional media mix.
Billboards are the thing.
Billboards are ugly.
Billboards are used for advertisements.
Billboards are used for communication.
Billboards augment the radio and TV ad blitz.
Billboards can be of different sizes, and can be different graphics format.
Billboards can be the most cost-effective way to win hearts and minds.
Billboards can even include animation, to really draw attention to important points.
Billboards cause visual pollution.
Billboards clearly stating the health dangers associated with smoking are much more common.
Billboards clutter our roadsides and streetscapes.
Billboards collide in the wilderness.
Billboards contribute a minuscule amount to our economic well-being, but they impose a high cost.
Billboards display summer beach scene and spring fishing scene.
Billboards dot the landscape along our highways.
Billboards draw attention to a particular job posting.
Billboards everywhere display countless likenesses of the little boy.
Billboards everywhere offer wealth and excitement at the clubs, hotels and casinos.
Billboards featuring unclothed women are nearly as ubiquitous as palm trees.
Billboards have more in common with broadcast media than print.
Billboards have NO specific scale.
Billboards overlook many streets.
Billboards provide useful information about commercial as well as charitable activities.
Billboards really work.
Billboards smother our roadways and buildings.
Billboards tout a continuing stream of bestsellers from the late author.
Billboards tout foreign products.
Billboards urge safety at work and the road is clogged with construction trucks.
Some billboards are average looking.
Some billboards are unattractive.
Billed balances are due prior to the billed period.
Billed entities ARE the recipients of the discounts.
Billed expenses are subject to change without prior notice.
Billed orders start upon payment.
A billet is a personal letter
Billets are available for students arriving early.
Billets are hot or cold rolled into bars, rods, and wire.
Billets are housing.
Billets are in a poor state of maintenance.
Billets indicate diplomatic service to the State.
Billets sil vous plais.
Billets vary in each area.
All billets are open to men and women.
All billets have modern appliances and decor.
Billfishes possess a heat-producing organ that warms only the brain and retina.
Billfishes rely on their vision for hunting.
A billhook is a saw
Billhooks are very useful tools.
A billiard ball is a ball
Billiard balls are physical things.
Billiard balls crack in the background.
A billiard table is a table
Billiard table is also available here.
Billiard tables vary in construction and even assembly.
Billiards equipment is available at the front desk.
Billing methods vary widely.
Billing affects contact-hour reimbursement and, therefore, district monies.
Billing allows companies to have more direct, verifiable information about their customers.
Billing also includes all required fittings.
Billing appears on the monthly budget statement which shows the order tracing number.
Billing appears to be for family members and ward.
Billing begins as soon as the installation is complete.
Billing begins as soon as the technician leaves the building and ends when the problem is solved.
Billing begins day banner is Posted.
Billing begins only upon work authorization.
Billing begins when service is etablished.
Billing begins when the call is answered.
Billing begins when the service is installed.
Billing Begins when the site is available on the internet.
Billing can be accomplishedvia secure credit card transactions.
Billing can be annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly.
Billing can be either monthly, bi-monthly, weekly or daily.
Billing can be monthly, quarterly, or per-order.
Billing can be schedule or attendance based.
Billing can get tricky.
Billing can now involve the click of a link instead of the lick of a stamp.
Billing exceeds cost of service.
Billing follows insertions.
Billing goes out the second week of every month.
Billing happens just before mating.
Billing has a variety of user defined formats, including several forms of narrative bills.
Billing includes replacement and processing.
Billing is a clear indicator of self-employment.
Billing is a good example.
Billing is a little behind due to heavy plane use, problems with avgas vendors and other work loads.
Billing is a matter of a few key strokes.
Billing is a nightmare.
Billing is a problem area.
Billing is accommodated through internal accounting systems.
Billing is accommodated through the internal accounting systems.
Billing is allocated by patient accounts.
Billing is also an important part of the documentation process.
Billing is also available.
Billing is also quarterly.
Billing is always a rough way to go, especially if there is a significant time lag.
Billing is always in advance of service.
Billing is always in advance.
Billing is an area that both customers and service providers wish to improve.
Billing is an essential part of every business.
Billing is an ongoing headache at all telco's.
Billing is annual unless arrangements are made in advance.
Billing is annual.
Billing is annually or semi-annual.
Billing is arbitrary.
Billing is arranged at the time of visit.
Billing is as stated in the fee schedule.
Billing is at or near our cost.
Billing is at the end of the month.
Billing is automatic and immediate.
Billing is automatic and reoccurring each billing period until cancellation.
Billing is automatic.
Billing is automatically updated.
Billing is available annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly.
Billing is available by prior request.
Billing is available for institutions.
Billing is available in the United States, Canada, and Mexico only.
Billing is available via phone, fax, and e-mail during the following hours.
Billing is based on a flat per project fee or an hourly rate.
Billing is based on actual gallons discharged.
Billing is based on an hourly rate.
Billing is based on enrollment.
Billing is based on listening time.
Billing is based on long distance usage only.
Billing is based on projection.
Billing is based on the amount of traffic generated.
Billing is based on the cage card begin and end dates.
Billing is based on the exchange rate on the date of billing.
Billing is based on the final guarantee number, even if fewer people attend.
Billing is based on the first day of the calendar month a service is started.
Billing is based on the full hour.
Billing is based on the guaranteed number and any additional attendees above the guarantee.
Billing is based on the number of tickets ordered, minus the number of tickets returned.
Billing is based on the number of users at the beginning of the month.
Billing is based on the outstanding line balance.
Billing is based on time and materials.
Billing is based on time connected to any event.
Billing is based on time on-line.
Billing is based on time online.
Billing is based on time.
Billing is based on yearly basic.
Billing is bi-monthly.
Billing is by actual weight, except where noted.
Billing is by credit card only.
Billing is by credit card or invoice.
Billing is by the calendar month.
Billing is by the year.
Billing is calculated on the confirmed number of guests or the actual number whichever is greater.
Billing is calculated portal to portal on a quarter hour basis after the first hour.
Billing is clean, timely and specific.
Billing is conducted on a month to month or prepay basis.
Billing is conducted on a monthly basis.
Billing is contracted by the day.
Billing is controlled by member type in the member data record.
Billing is determined based on the attributes of the account number provided.
Billing is done according to the funding source.
Billing is done after each issue is published.
Billing is done by credit card, checks or money orders.
Billing is done by credit card.
Billing is done by e-mail at the end of the month.
Billing is done by email only.
Billing is done by email or fax only.
Billing is done by e-mail.
Billing is done by the system according to the predefined repayment schedules.
Billing is done in advance of all services.
Billing is done in advance of service.
Billing is done in advance on a quarterly basis.
Billing is done manually and runs per calendar month.
Billing is done monthly based on actual hours provided.
Billing is done monthly.
Billing is done on a calendar month basis.
Billing is done on a monthly basis.
Billing is done on a monthly cycle.
Billing is done on a quarterly basis.
Billing is done on an hourly basis.
Billing is done on an invoice basis per incident or major installation.
Billing is done on the first of the month, every month.
Billing is done on the first of the month.
Billing is done on the interlibrary loan form.
Billing is done one month in advance.
Billing is done only when an actual transport in the ambulance is made.
Billing is done quarterly and contract can be canceled with thirty days written notice.
Billing is done quarterly by credit card.
Billing is done quarterly by district.
Billing is done the month before the ad displays.
Billing is done through credit card only.
Billing is done through the bursar.
Billing is done to cover repair or replacement costs for damaged items or cleaning expenses.
Billing is done to recover repair or replacement costs for damaged or missing items.
Billing is done via a journal voucher.
Billing is done via a user-selectable billing cycle.
Billing is done via email.
Billing is done via e-mail.
Billing is done via invoicing only.
Billing is done via the customer's credit card, just like a regular phone call.
Billing is done when order is placed.
Billing is easy.
Billing is electronic, and automatic.
Billing is exclusively in Euros.
Billing is executed on the second to the last day of each month for the next month's services.
Billing is fast and efficient and posting is fully automated.
Billing is flexible and can also be customized for conference rooms, VIP guests, etc.
Billing is for a one-month period and is prepared on the basis of a meter reading.
Billing is for a two-month period.
Billing is for all time the space is needed, including setup and breakdown.
Billing is for one month.
Billing is for the entire contract length.
Billing is from the beginning of the month to the end of the month.
Billing is generic, discreet and safe.
Billing is handled by giving the account name and number at the time the order is taken.
Billing is handled by our distribution center at the time orders are shipped.
Billing is handled by Telares and residual checks are issued monthly.
Billing is handled on a per hour basis.
Billing is handled on a per-service basis.
Billing is handled through secure credit card transactions.
Billing is handled with a standard invoice.
Billing is immediate and there are no adjustments.
Billing is in accordance with the number of insertions indicated in the advertiser's contract.
Billing is in advance of the following month's service.
Billing is in advance.
Billing is in full minute increments, rounding up to the nearest minute.
Billing is in full minutes.
Billing is in full minuties.
Billing is in GBPounds.
Billing is in half-hour increments.
Billing is in one-minute increments.
Billing is in sex second increments, with a thirty-second minimum per call.
Billing is in six second increments, with a thirty second minimum per call.
Billing is in six second increments.
Billing is in six-second increments after the first minute.
Billing is in six-second increments.
Billing is initiated.
Billing is integrated into the operator's billing systems.
Billing is made at the time the damage is discovered or when the room is vacated.
Billing is made on a session basis.
Billing is made simple with a single weekly invoice.
Billing is monthly on the date that the customer was connected to the service.
Billing is monthly, but accountants and sales tax payers are advised of the charge on reply.
Billing is monthly, depending on the unit.
Billing is monthly, quarterly or yearly.
Billing is monthly.
Billing is normally quarterly in advance.
Billing is on a calendar year basis.
Billing is on a calender monthly basis.
Billing is on a monthly basis.
Billing is on a quarterly basis.
Billing is on an automated quarterly basis.
Billing is on the anniversary date of the membership.
Billing is one of the largest and costliest departments in any organization.
Billing is one of the things one gets out of accounting.
Billing is per calendar month.
Billing is per isolate.
Billing is per minute as normal.
Billing is possible with prior arrangements only.
Billing is processed and mailed by the fifth day of each month.
Billing is processed at the end of each calendar month.
Billing is processed for the previous month at the beginning of the next month.
Billing is processed on a monthly basis, using the Storeroom Requisition.
Billing is pro-rated to the first of the month.
Billing is quarterly and there are no large administrative fees added to premiums.
Billing is quarterly or yearly.
Billing is quarterly.
Billing is really easy.
Billing is reasonable and fair.
Billing is rendered upon publication.
Billing is sent out once each month with tearsheets enclosed.
Billing is simple as well.
Billing is simple.
Billing is simplified with semi annual blocks.
Billing is six seconds increments after the first minute.
Billing is still to the employee, but at rates discounted from regular individual rates.
Billing is streamlined.
Billing is submitted to the credit card companies when the order is shipped.
Billing is taken care of with one invoice.
Billing is the devil's only friend.
Billing is the final funnel point of information.
Billing is the same way.
Billing is the submission of charges or claims for payment for services rendered.
Billing is through a secure online server.
Billing is through the college business office.
Billing is to be done annually.
Billing is to reseller and payment is by reseller.
Billing is to the next tenth of an hour.
Billing is twice a month.
Billing is usually by the hour or by the project.
Billing is very discreet.
Billing is via credit card only.
Billing is via credit card or on the users Pacific bell phone bill.
Billing is when two puffins rub their beaks together, sort of like puffin kissing.
Billing Lost calls mean lost business opportunities.
Billing means recording call details and pricing the recorded calls.
Billing needs Marketing to set product plans.
Billing occurs after or concurrent with the shipment of the book by the publisher.
Billing occurs at the time of shipment.
Billing occurs monthly.
Billing occurs on the first business day of the month for the monthly plan charge.
Billing occurs on the first day of the first month of each three-month period.
Billing occurs only after our customer's final approval of the official online site.
Billing occurs three times during the program, at the beginning of each term.
Billing occurs within the first days of each period and includes the next periods account activity.
Billing reports through a client s administrator interface.
Billing See the regional page.
Billing starts immediately upon signup.
Billing starts once the meter has been installed.
Billing stops immediately upon return of the unit and all accompanying accessories.
Billing supports free time.
Billing takes a very short time each week.
Billing takes effect at beginning of next bill cycle.
Billing takes place after delivery of the service offering.
Billing takes place monthly.
Billing traditionally takes place the first week of each month.
Billing varies between feedyards, but most bill monthly.
Billings are due and payable upon receipt.
Billings are due immediately upon receipt.
Billings are for the prior month's utility consumption.
Billings are monthly, paid in advance, with the previous month's traffic added, as necessary.
Billings are once a month until ledge is zero.
Billings are prepared and distributed twice a year.
Billings are typically on a quarterly basis and can be done in advance or arrears.
Billings arrives early for each class and plasters the classroom with snowmobile safety signs.
Billings asks rhetorically.
Billings believes economic development is a key issue facing the city.
Billings Buys a Button.
Billings can be at the edge of that technology.
Billings claims to have a patent covering the concept of a file server.
Billings contends that the vast majority give flawed advice on strategy.
Billings expects exponential growth in online retail sales the next five years.
Billings goes into great detail on many subjects, too much detail on some.
Billings has closest airport with scheduled service.
Billings has excellent accommodations.
Billings has troubles winning on the road and Sioux City is a tough place to play.
Billings is a beautiful city surrounded by a panoramic view of the mountains.
Billings is a frequent lecturer on genetics and medicine.
Billings is a vibrant community with lots to see and do.
Billings is a widower.
Billings is an advocate of memorization.
Billings is an outstanding example of the Richardsonian Romanesque style of architecture.
Billings is believed to have the most powerful swing in college volleyball.
Billings is county seat of Yellowstone County and has been nicknamed The Magic City.
Billings is county seat of Yellowstone County Montana.
Billings is home to the only real zoo in Montana.
Billings is the classic example of the scholar-athlete.
Billings is the gateway to our nation s legendary western heritage.
Billings is the largest city.
Billings is the major medical center for the area and serves over a quarter of a million people.
Billings Never forget the hard times and the early days.
Billings offers much in the areas of arts, entertainment and shopping.
Billings receives the Mexico City team's banner.
Billings remains an active researcher, writer, and lecturer.
Billings says surveys show most wargamers are well educated and have a relatively high income.
Billings stands up and turns towards the door.
Billings suggests a way out.
Billings suggests doing a background check on the doctors and their institutions.
Billings uses effective melismatic writing on words such as forked tongue and hallelujah.
Billings Writes a Hit.
All billing is billed to a credit card monthly.
All billing is directly to insurance companies and there are no additional fees charged to clients.
All billing is done at the same time, regardless of start-up date.
All billing is done by credit card.
All billing is done by e-mail to defray invoicing costs.
All billing is done by e-mail.
All billing is done by mail.
All billing is done electronically via email.
All billing is done on a calendar month basis.
All billing is done quarterly in advance.
All billing is done using a billing software program and is automatic.
All billing is done via credit card.
All billing is done via email.
All billing is due upon receipt as billing is for service rendered.
All billing is flat rate.
All billing is handled by thirdparty processor ibill.
All billing is handled in house by our billing department.
All billing is handled in-house by our billing department.
All billing is handled through NetForge.cc.
All billing is initiated by the department.
All billing is monthly and the first month's payment is required for all new advertisers.
All billing is net.
All billing is payable upon receipt.
All billing is processed in Canadian dollars.
All billing is provided free of charge.
All billing is tax free.
All billing is the same.
All billing occurs monthly and payments are due upon receipt of statement.
All billings are due and payable when rendered.
All billings are in advance of publishing and are quarterly.
All billings submitted under actual cost agreements are subject to audit review.
A billion is a large integer
Billions are already in custodial trust accounts.
Billions are at stake in the battle for control of the mobile data market.
Billions are at stake in the outcome of the legal controversy.
Billions are at stake, and millions have to be spent.
Billions are at stake.
Billions are available for giant agribusiness subsidies.
Billions are dead.
Billions die, fully ninety percent of the Earth's population is infected.
Billions go to bail out the energy trusts while there are peanuts for schools.
Billions go to bringing down the debt.
Billions go unclaimed.
Billions have no access to health care and education.
Billions is what is spent all the time.
Billions live in large, densely populated, and polluted cities.
Billions more live naturally in our skin, mouth, nose, teeth, throat, and urethra.
Billions prepare for the inevitable letdown.
Billions prepare for the inevitable let-down.
Billions seems a lot but in the world of international economics it is peanuts.
Billions suffer from malnutrition and lack access to clean water and basic sanitation.
More billions can go for salaries, offices, staffing, travel and long reports.
A billionaire is a person
Billionaire becomes a salt seller.
Billionaire invites laptop lovers, gives attention to executive sweets.
Billionaires are humans.
Billionaires are millionaires.
Billionaires are people.
Billionaires bloat themselves at the workers expense so they can keep score.
Billionaires can buy one hell of a lot of resistance.
Billionaires can specify the full treatment, capable of navigating Bosnia.
Billionaires discuss action logistics here.
Billionaires have a great deal of power in their respective countries and elsewhere.
Billionaires live next door.
Billionaires proliferate, but one in five children grows up in poverty.
Billionaires spring from nowhere.
Billionaires take heart.
Billionaires wag their fingers.
Billowy gauze lowers the restaurant's ceiling.
A billy goat is a goat
Billy goats have a large horn base with a narrow space between the horns.
A billy is a club
Billies are goats.
Billies are good students.
Billies are nuts.
Billies fight head to tail, sometimes inflicting serious wounds to hindquarters and flanks.
Billies have an unpleasant odor during the breeding season.
Billies have serious problems.
Billy plays guitar, flute, saxophone, harmonica and sings.
Billy rockets to the head of the class.
Billy talks about New York.
Bilobed nuclei are a prominent feature.
A biltong is a jerk
Biltong is a cured, salted, air dried beef popular in South Africa.
Biltong is a most profitable commodity with a strong market.
Biltong is really good.
Bimanual exam reveals no adenexal tenderness or masses.
Bimanual examination reveals an enlarged and soft uterus.
Bimanual input is a rich dialogue which has lots of room for growth.
Bimatic transmission proves a costly failure and is discontinued.
Bimetal blades are great, but are expensive.
Bimetal thermostat controls the heating element temperature.
Bimetallism is a value
Bimetallism is abandoned.
Bimolecular steps involve the collision of two reacting molecules.
Bimonthly events are FREE entry for all Members.
Bimonthly issues deliver smart features, breathtaking photos, and breaking news.
Bimonthly meetings rotate among the members so that different layouts can be seen and trains run.
Bimonthly newsletters is to start to provide materials for public discussion.
Bimonthly publication is planned.
Bin packing arises in a variety of packaging and manufacturing problems.
Bin packing provides a meaningful context.
Bin size is approximately one week.
A bin is a container
Bin contains non-compostables.
Bin is also a devoted cook.
Bin is moved by over-head lifting apparatus.
Bin is the correct American pronunciation.
Bin is too dry and worms dry out.
Bin is too wet and worms are drowning.
Bin is too wet.
Bin is treated as though it collects all the C counts from to .
Bin isa container.
Bin packing on memory protects the system against thrashing.
Bin still works for the nonce.
Bins also help keep the composting area neat and the neighbors happy.
Bins are available at a discount after our hour and a half compost workshop.
Bins are available at the township shed.
Bins are available in a wide selection of sizes and configurations.
Bins are boxes or enclosed places for storing commodities such as grain, coal or the like.
Bins are containers.
Bins are easy to build.
Bins are every half hour, where the time given is the midpoint of the bin.
Bins are made of glass.
Bins are square, oriented on edge to prevent bottles from rolling.
Bins are threshold values that separate value classes.
Bins are to the right.
Bins are used for holds.
Bins are very simple in construction and are easy to maintain outdoors, or even indoors.
Bins can have one, two or three compartments for compost in different stages of decomposition.
Bins come in a variety of types and sizes .
Bins covered by red or green bars are chips which are known to be faulty.
Bins easily removes from cage.
Bins have (part) sections.
Bins have floors.
Bins hold yard waste compost, and when made rodent-proof work well for food wastes.
Bins placed in the street, often block parking locations and hinder street sweeping activities.
Bins provide an efficient and sanitary method of refuse disposal.
Bins pull out for easy access to contents.
Many bins are low to the ground and accessible to young children.
Many bins have lids that shut automatically when the cabinet is closed.
Most bins have floors.
Some bins are used specifically for recycling .
Some bins are used specifically for recycling.
Some bins contain leftover meat.
Some bins contain meat.
Binary addition is a logic function and can be expressed in a truth table.
Binary algorithms are somewhat cumbersome for human users unless aided by a machine.
Binary analysis is based on a locally adaptive thresholding of the gray scale image.
Binary archives hold everything including text, drawings, executable files, or graphics.
Binary attachments are a gross abuse of network resources.
Binary attachments are non-text files, such as programs or images, that are posted to news groups.
Binary attachments tend to fill up people's mailboxes or even cause crashes.
Binary bisection is used in the host to spatially decompose the domain.
Binary checklists are a good example of questions that can stimulate bi-directional text processing.
Binary code is a bunch of ones and zeroes that all files are made up of.
Binary code is code.
Binary code is computer code
Binary code is simply strings of ones and zeros.
Binary codes are specific to machines.
Binary compaction is the default.
Binary comparisons are much faster than text comparisons.
Binary compatibility is a novel concept for language design.
Binary compatibility is impossible.
A binary compound is a compound
Binary compounds are composed of two elements only.
Binary compounds are substances that contain two elements.
Most binary compounds are stable to heat.
Binary constraints determine which pairs of role values can legally coexist.
Binary content is stored in compressed form.
Binary counters are certainly the most common.
Binary data has to be converted based on the way the information is encoded.
Binary data is converted to readable form.
Binary data is displayed as hex bytes enclosed in angle brackets.
Binary data is encoded into impulses suitable for transmission over the network medium.
Binary data is stored and manipulated according to a set of preprogrammed rules.
Binary data is used to reference figures and other non-XML content in the document.
Binary devices are much faster than decimal devices.
Binary devices are simple and easy to build.
A binary digit is a figure
Binary digit is abbreviated, bit.
Binary distillation is a separation of only two chemicals.
Binary distillation separates two chemicals.
Binary distributions are available in the binary directory.
Binary distributions are available.
Binary distributions are on the TODO list.
Binary division is very similar to decimal division.
Binary encoding ensures a small, compact file that prints faster.
Binary encoding gives many possible chromosomes even with a small number of alleles.
Binary encoding is the most common and simplest one.
Binary fields are either unsigned integer values or specified number codes.
A binary file is a computer file
Binary files are .gif, .jpg, .exe, .ra, .wav, etc.
Binary files are always formatted files such as word processing files, pictures, spreadsheets etc.
Binary files are big and very inconvenient for many newsreaders.
Binary files are computer files.
Binary files are eight bit files.
Binary files are files that can only run on certain machines or programs.
Binary files are files that contain non-text characters.
Binary files are files that contain software code other than text.
Binary files are files that include more characters than just text.
Binary files are highly non-portable.
Binary files are machine specific.
Binary files are most all other files.
Binary files are programs, or text files that have been compressed with a compression program.
Binary files are readable by the computer.
Binary files are specific to a certain computer platform or computer program.
Binary files are things like compiled programs and large data sets.
Binary files are things like executable programs and many graphics files.
Binary files are typically executable programs, sound or picture files, or compressed files.
Binary files are usually executable program files or files used by application software.
Binary files are usually smaller and can be loaded faster.
Binary files are usually smaller in size.
Binary files can be executable files that instruct the system to accomplish a job.
Binary files can be executable programs, graphics, or sound files.
Binary files can be pictures, word processor documents, executable files, or compressed data files.
Binary files can contain anything.
Binary files can run on certain machines or programs.
Binary files contain a wider range of characters.
Binary files contain data that represents images, sounds, and other formats.
Binary files contain images, sounds, programs, etc.
Binary files contain non-printable characters.
Binary files contain special codes which can be understood by the native computer.
Binary files contain text and non-text data expressed in binary code.
Binary files DO contain special characters.
Binary files encompass everything else - executables, programs, documents, spreadsheets, etc.
Binary files fall into three general classes as set forth below.
Binary files have NO place on alt.tv.x-files.
Binary files have no real limitations.
Binary files have the .vubin extension.
Binary files have to be encoded.
Binary files require an off-line helper application, with reference included.
Binary files take too much transmission time.
All binary files contain byte-ordering descriptions to avoid ambiguities.
Most binary files are pkziped, changes.txt with description of changes is included.
Most binary files are somewhat compressible.
Binary fission begins when the DNA of the cell is replicated .
Binary fission creates a clone of the parent cell.
Binary fission involves division.
Binary fission involves mitosis.
Binary fission is a form of asexual reproduction in a single-celled organisms.
Binary fission is a relatively simple cell division process that occurs in most prokaryotic cells.
Binary fission is a type of asexual reproduction common during good environmental conditions.
Binary fission is a type of asexual reproduction in prokaryotes.
Binary fission is also the process by which multi-cellular organisms grow.
Binary fission is an asexual reproduction process used by prokaryotes.
Binary fission is extremely fast compared to the rates of cell division in eukaryotes .
Binary fission is like mitosis.
Binary fission is one of the most common method of reproduction in protozoan.
Binary fission is similar to eukaryotic cell reproduction that involves mitosis.
Binary fission is the division of one cell into two similar cells.
Binary fission is the easiest type of asexual reproduction.
Binary fission is the form of asexual reproduction occurring in prokaryotes.
Binary fission is the form of cell division used by bacteria and archaea.
Binary fission is the main source of reproduction in eubacteria.
Binary fission is the process by which a bacterial cell splits into two identical daughter cells.
Binary fission is the process of asexual reproduction for prokaryotes only.
Binary fission is the prokaryotic analog of mitosis, but is a distinctly different process.
Binary fission is the simplest form of asexual reproduction.
Binary fission is the simplest type of asexual reproduction.
Binary fission is used by most prokaryotes for asexual reproduction.
Binary fission is used by most prokaryotes.
Binary fission is very simple.
Binary fission leads to exponential growth.
Binary fission means that the parent divides the body into.
Binary fission occurs in prokaryotes such as bacteria.
Binary fission occurs under favourable environmental conditions.
Binary fission occurs when a parent cell splits into two identical daughter cells of the same size.
Binary fission takes place with unequal division of nuclei.
Most binary fission involves division.
Some binary fission produces offspring.
Binary format is recommended for two reasons.
Binary format is used for compressed files and graphics.
Binary formats are more efficient.
Binary formats are usually smaller and faster than the human-readable equivalent.
Binary groups are also useful.
Binary groups are high traffic.
Binary groups exist to distribute software.
Binary images are portable and are transferred between different computer systems.
Binary information is just a type of digital information.
Binary information is sent as it is, byte by byte, with no transformation at all.
Binary information is used for computer storage .
Binary information is used for computer storage.
Binary installation is straightforward.
Binary launch is the faster.
Binary manipulators have the potential to be very inexpensive.
Binary math is anything but simple.
Binary messages are messages that require another parameter.
Binary messages consist of concatenated fields.
Binary mode disables all translation.
Binary mode duplicates a file exactly, bit for bit.
Binary mode ensures that no translation of characters is done.
Binary mode has no common interpretation except between similar operating systems.
Binary mode is for transferring binary files, such as graphics, executable programs, or zip files.
Binary mode is for transferring binary information.
Binary mode is for transferring non-text things, such as .jpg or .gif images.
Binary mode is needed for unformatted data files.
Binary mode is the default mode.
Binary mode is triggered automatically if the ingestor sees GRIB or BUFR data.
Binary mode is used for transmitting images, programs, and other non-text documents.
Binary mode is used to transfer non-text files, such as graphics images.
Binary notation is introduced here.
Binary notation is mathematical notation
Binary notation is perfect for describing positive numbers and zero.
Binary number seeks a goal, a solution, the summation of a quantity of units.
Binary numbers are a natural representation for computers because of the two-state memory elements.
Binary numbers are at the root of digital computers.
Binary numbers are kind of a strange concept.
Binary numbers are long and difficult for people to deal with.
Binary numbers are numbers that computers use to communicate.
Binary numbers are numbers written in base two instead of base ten.
Binary numbers are the reason every computer 'knows' what to do.
Binary numbers is the language of computers.
Binary numbers look strange when they are written out directly.
Binary numbers take up more space than decimal numbers .
A binary operation is an operation
Binary operations are part of groups.
Binary operations enable users to apply a function at each location in two images.
Binary operators operate on a pair of operands.
All binary operators have equal priority.
All binary operators have the same precedence and are evaluated in order from left to right.
Binary opposition represents a tool to clarify the presentation of material used.
Binary output has the advantages of generally being faster, more compact, and more precise.
Binary packages are available for all currently supported distributions.
Binary packages are available for many distributions.
Binary packages are available for most operating systems.
Binary packages are available for other distributions as well.
Binary packages are simply the source tree after a successful make.
Binary packages come in two sorts.
Binary packages contain everything that the corresponding source package contains.
Binary partitions satisfy the following recurrence relation.
Binary plans turn that around.
Binary plants are remarkably operations efficient.
Binary plants have no emissions.
Binary portability is the basis of the considerable variety of shrink-wrapped PC applications.
Binary posts can arrive in News in several parts.
Binary protocol provides call control.
Binary protocols are smaller, faster, language-independant, unpatentable, and free.
Binary pulsars are one of the few tools scientists have to detect evidence of gravitational waves .
Binary pulsars are one of the few tools scientists have to detect evidence of gravitational waves.
Every binary relation is symmetric or asymmetric or antisymmetric.
Binary relationships are most common.
Binary relationships involve two entities.
Binary relationships relate the position of one tree node or text unit element to another.
Binary releases are available in the bindist directory.
Binary releases are for convenience available, too.
Binary releases are much easier to install than source releases.
Binary releases consist of all the components end-users require to use the product.
Binary representations run faster in many applications.
Binary resources know how to find their own binary dependencies.
Binary runs are for example arbitrary repetitive patterns within the sequence.
Binary search goes as follows.
Binary search involves dividing the search space in half, and then testing one of the two halves.
Binary search is a little trickier, though.
Binary search is a method for searching for a given item in a sorted array.
Binary search is a more specialized algorithm than linear search.
Binary search is a well-known method for searching for an item in a sorted array.
Binary search is an example of an algorithm.
Binary search is discussed and analyzed here.
Binary search is one of the simplest and most powerful algorithms in computer science.
Binary search is the fastest way to look for an element in a sorted array.
Binary search is too slow.
Binary search provides a much faster way to solve the searching problem.
Binary search requires that the array to be searched is sorted, preferably in ascending order.
Binary searches require random access iterators.
Binary semaphores are sometimes easier to implement.
Binary signals are unambiguous.
Binary solution is slow, compared to other methods of resolution.
A binary star is a star
Binary stars appear as red point of light below.
Binary stars are a pair of stars that orbit each other attaching themselves by a common point.
Binary stars are popular in science fiction.
Binary stars are primordial formed at the birth of the two stars.
Binary stars are stars.
Binary stars are twins in the sense that they formed together out of the same interstellar cloud.
Binary stars are two stars grouped together that appear to be one star.
Binary stars are two stars orbiting a common center of mass.
Binary stars are two stars that orbit around a common center of mass.
Binary stars are two stars very close together and orbiting each other.
Binary stars are very useful tools in the study of the properties of stars.
Binary stars comprise about half the solar systems in our galaxy.
Binary stars consist of a pair of stars orbiting a common central point.
Binary stars consist of two stars in orbit around another and make up most of the stars in the sky.
Binary stars form a large part of our known universe.
Binary stars orbit each other around their common center of mass.
Binary stars orbit each other.
Binary stars provide astronomers with their primary method for measuring stellar a. luminosity.
Binary stars settle into a gravitational dance around a common point in space.
Binary stars spiral together and merge.
Binary stars vary because of their orbital motion and eclipses.
Some binary stars appear to be variable stars.
Binary storage is more useful for storing numbers.
A binary system is mathematical notation
Binary system is indispensible for grasping the right strategy in the game of Nim .
Binary systems are important because they allow astronomers to determine the masses of stars.
Binary systems are quite common.
Binary systems detected by such astrometric means are called astrometric binaries.
Binary systems offer unique methods to understand stellar activity and mass loss.
Binary systems seem very trite to the beginner, and they are in some ways.
All binary systems contain an unseen low-mass component, presumably, a white dwarf.
Many binary systems are known to the art.
Many binary systems involve neutron stars.
Most binary systems are too distant to be resolved as visuals by current telescopes.
Binary transfer is necessary to insure that files are copied correctly.
Binary transfers is for binary files, such as executable, graphic or compressed files.
Binary trees are one kind of tree.
Binary trees are trees.
Binary trees have a bad worst-case performance when the tree becomes one sided.
Binary trees use just the amount of memory needed.
Every binary tree has at least one node.
Every binary tree is either complete or full.
Binary variables are quite common in biological data.
Binary version requires ixemul.library.
A binary is a star
Binaries are also available for download.
Binaries are also available for solaris .
Binaries are also available for some other architectures.
Binaries are available for a multitude of platforms.
Binaries are available for a number of operating systems.
Binaries are available for many common operating systems.
Binaries are available for several platforms.
Binaries are available for some platforms.
Binaries are available for the following platforms.
Binaries are available free for non-commercial use.
Binaries are available from PCx web page.
Binaries are available linked here .
Binaries are available too.
Binaries are by their nature large - often hundreds, even thousands of lines long.
Binaries are electrical creatures that spend their entire life inside the computer.
Binaries are executables, so let's see if the game is in the binaries directory.
Binaries are pictures, audio files, movies, or anything other than a plain text e-mail.
Binaries are probably available.
Binaries are the main thing.
Binaries are the worst, though.
Binaries belong in the alt.binaries.
Binaries can have the same name as the original - important for dynamic libraries.
Binaries come to seem like a way of controlling others than of understanding things.
Binaries come with source code.
Binaries contain executable files.
Binaries containing two neutron stars are observed to shrink as gravitational waves are emitted.
Binaries cost some people money .
Binaries do fun stuff like rotate and inspiral.
Binaries exist for various platforms.
Binaries explode after compilation.
Binaries lie in different distances.
Binaries make the download very much longer, so please be considerate of other users.
Binaries refer to non-text files, i.e. applications, images, etc.
Binaries rejuvenate the spectrum of the stellar aggregate.
Binaries require ixemul.library.
Binaries require large quantities of disk space.
Binaries See the CVS tree for latest code.
Binaries take up disproportionate amounts of bandwidth.
Binaries often present nice color constrasts in small telescopes as well.
All binaries are gzip'd.
Most binaries are 'detached binaries'.
Most binaries are too far away to be able to see both stars separately.
Some binaries are available at rpmfind.net.
Some binaries are too close to see visually but can be discovered by red shifts in their spectra.
Binaural beats originate in the brainstem's superior olivary nucleus.
Binaural beats result when pure tones at slightly different pitches are heard by the two ears.
Binaural captures sound on two channels in a way that imitates human ears.
Binaural headsets are stereo, and allow the wearer to hear out of both ears.
Binaural headsets have earpieces that cover both ears.
Binaural hearing requires less volume, which makes listening more comfortable and less tiring.
Binaural hearing works like a stereo sound system.
Binaural information can converge in abstract memory traces.
Binaural recording is common in virtual-reality games.
Binaural recordings sound best when listened to through headphones.
Binaural technology aims to measure sound in the way compatible with human hearing.
Binaural unmasking seems to work better for lower frequencies.
Some bind energy has mass.
Bind proteins play important roles.
Bind proteins play roles.
Most bind proteins play important roles.
Most bind proteins play roles.
Bind sites enhance functions.
Bind blades to handles with rawhide lacing and natural pitch resin.
BIND contains interaction, molecular complex and pathway records.
BIND contains interaction, molecular complex, and pathway records.
Bind copy with a large paper or binder clip.
BIND implements a hierarchical structure for retrieval of Internet addresses.
Bind reports in a manila folder with three staples across the top.
BIND shares a lot of characteristics with sendmail.
Bind waits for one minute before resubmitting.
Binds are software.
Binds lck on cytoplasmic face of membrane.
Binder clips are useful, too.
Binder clips work well, so does bungee cord and string.
A binder is a reaper
Binder begins the makeover in the sitting parlor, which is used as a family room.
Binder contains numerous readings on assessment, with emphasis on participatory approaches.
Binder covers to be standard size to fit upright standard shelf unit.
Binder is in the Councillors room for further perusal.
Binder notes geologists have studied the Earth for three centuries.
Binder refers to each document it contains as a 'Section'.
Binder resins for electro-optical displays based on polymer dispersed liquid crystals.
Binder separates materials by grade.
Binder seperates material by grade.
Binders act like glue, sticking the pigment to the fabric.
Binders are acceptable.
Binders are better on paper than boxes or folders.
Binders are chocolate brown in color.
Binders are full of pages that detail each section of track.
Binders are harvesters.
Binders are ligaments.
Binders are located in back packs.
Binders are located in backpacks.
Binders are located in bookcases.
Binders are located in libraries.
Binders are located in schools.
Binders are ok, but think light weight.
Binders are portable and easily read.
Binders are protective covering.
Binders are storage devices.
Binders are used for paper.
Binders are used for store information.
Binders are very versatile for customizing and are renowned for their strength and durability.
Binders can break allowing logs to roll off the truck.
Binders can hold all the necessary supplies.
Binders can provide an excellent storage facility.
Binders come to school to assemble the finished books after they are illustrated.
Binders consist of the resin, polymer, and crosslinker.
Binders contain current job postings for students.
Binders containing material of past conferences are available for purchase.
Binders have special spring mechanism that holds individual rods which easily snap in.
Binders manage the binding between basic engineering objects.
Binders packed with current employment opportunities are also available for reference.
Binders play a vital role in the performance properties of coated paper and paperboard.
Binders provide the matrix from which the drug is gradually secreted.
Binders release generally when they are supposed to.
Binders There are many types of binders available.
All binders are postpaid.
Every binder is engraved with the family name.
More binder is applied.
Most binders have single or double pullers.
Most binders run at slower speeds than digital printers.
Some binders are light and flexible and almost give the illusion of dyeing the fabric.
Some binders can scan the cover image and include it in the binding itself.
A bindery is a workshop
Some binderies charge a premium for rush jobs.
Binding bids have to be submitted by midnight.
A binding is attraction
Binding shows excessive wear, while book block is in decent shape with no acidification or foxing.
Bindings also create URL mappings, and do show up in collections.
Bindings also specify how types are represented on the wire.
Bindings are abraded as books slide in and out of slip cases.
Bindings are attraction.
Bindings are cloth unless otherwise specified.
Bindings are comprehensive since they encompass ports, operations, and messages.
Bindings are direct by definition.
Bindings are intact and No pages are missing.
Bindings are no exception.
Bindings are part of books.
Bindings are part of the state of collection.
Bindings are plastic.
Bindings are protective covering.
Bindings are simple yet secure, allowing for superior control.
Bindings are the actions taken in response to user actions like clicking a mouse button.
Bindings are the mechanisms that keep the rider s feet on the board.
Bindings are very responsive and adjustable for almost hardboot support with softboot comfort.
Bindings are very tight and the text is bound deep into the inner gutter of the volume.
Bindings can also add to the instruments overall appearance as illustrated below.
Bindings can be either incredibly simple or incredibly complex, depending on the manufacturer.
Bindings can be three-pin, cable, or cable with a release.
Bindings can be up to two inches wide with a selection of colors for covers.
Bindings can go both ways.
Bindings come pre-mounted freestyle.
Bindings don t give relative references capability.
Bindings Find bindings for our snowshoes, leather and plastic varieties.
Bindings hold just the front of the boot allowing for a natural stride.
Bindings is a list of couples, thus providing access to the actual variable names.
Bindings keep a snowboarder's feet connected to the board.
Bindings offer no support or protection.
Bindings produced are the bindings given plus a binding of the two elements.
Bindings relate names to objects.
Bindings take place between the most active unbound concept and thematic role nodes.
Bindings Use default settings.
Bindings used for skis have a greatest point high level of .
All bindings are part of the state of some collection.
All bindings starts with m , and primary commands are binded to one stroke key binding.
Any binding is too tight if it cuts into the skin and causes bleeding.
Most bindings also have crampons, a metal claw under the ball of the foot that gives added traction.
Most bindings come with a four or five year warranty from date of purchase.
Most bindings have a forward-lean adjustment on the highback.
Most bindings have numbers on the inside to determine the angle in degrees.
Some bindings are lavishly ornamented with colored onlays on a gilt background.
Some bindings are plain and unadorned, others show elaborate gold tooling on the spine.
Some bindings have pins, some have only cables, and some have both.
Binge alcoholism leads to blackouts, addiction, drunk driving, rape and unwanted pregnancy.
Most binge drinkers are frequent smokers.
Binge is festivity
Binges are also characteristic.
Binges are an attempt to fill the emptiness from a lack of internalized nurturance.
Binges are the secretive, rapid consumption of high-caloric foods over a discrete period of time.
Binges involve eating foods for emotional rather than nutritional reasons.
Binges vary in amount of food consumed, sometimes involving thousands of calories.
Binges usually consist of the consumption of large amounts of food in a short period of time.
A binger is a junky
Bingers are often deficient in several nutrients, including zinc .
Bingers can suffer impaired concentration, slowed reflexes, disrupted sleep and high blood pressure.
Bingers is where the sales are.
Bingo discs can model molecules.
A bingo is a board game
Bingos have large flowers with dark blotches borne on short stalks, or peduncles.
All Bingos are now consolidated under one roof and are held on their usual nights.
More bingo is possible there.
BinHexed files have the file extension .hqx .
Binky boards can be incredibly difficult to solve.
Binocular control separates naturally into version and vergence components.
Every binocular design has a range of focus, from close to infinity.
Binocular method has the most accuracy and more promising future.
Binocular rentals are also available in the main lobby.
Binocular rivalry disrupts visual priming.
Binocular viewers have some good events coming up.
Binocular vision affords a wide field of vision.
Binocular vision allows for enhanced depth perception.
Binocular vision depends on theoverlap of the two visual fields of both eyes.
Binocular vision enhances our sensitivity to subtle differences in contrast, resolution, and color.
Binocular vision is an advantage to harbor seals.
Binocular vision is essential to accurately judge distance and depth.
Binocular vision is essential to depth perception.
Binocular vision is necessary for depth perception.
Binocular vision is often characteristic of predator species such as hawks, owls, cats, and snakes.
Binocular vision is required.
Binocular vision is sight.
Binocular vision is the visual ability to determine three dimensions.
Binocular vision is three dimensional and contributes to depth perception.
Binocular vision is vision
Binocular vision obtains two inputs.
Binocular vision occurs where the field of view of each eye overlaps.
Binocular vision occurs where the two monocular fields of view overlap.
Binocular vision offers predators precise visual information needed to spot and capture their prey.
Binoculars isa instrument.
Binocularses have (part) eyepieces.
Binocularses have (part) sections.
Binocularses increase chances.
Binomial distribution is distribution
Binomial distributions are a family of distributions.
Binomial models are the basis for logistic regression and all the same assumptions apply.
Binomial nomenclature gives each species a unique, two-word Latin name.
Binomial nomenclature gives many descriptive clues about the plant.
Binomial nomenclature is a two word naming system used to identify specific types of organisms.
Binomial nomenclature is another term for binomen.
Binomial nomenclature is now our standard system for naming organisms, including trees.
Binomial nomenclature is the method of giving scientific names to living organisms.
Binomial nomenclature is the system of giving each plant a scientific name consisting of two parts.
A binomial is a quantity
Binomial isa concept.
Binomials have two terms and are linear.
Bint toenails are only semi-retractable.
A binturong is a civet cat
Binturong isa civet.
Binturongs also make lots of noises to communicate.
Binturongs are a popular zoo species.
Binturongs are also very good swimmers and are very playful.
Binturongs are classed as carnivores but eat mostly fruit.
Binturongs are found in the dense, moist tropical forests of South East Asia.
Binturongs are hunted throughout their range for a variety of reasons.
Binturongs are mammals.
Binturongs are omnivorous, feeding on small mammals, birds, fish, earthworms, insects and fruits.
Binturongs are omnivorous, living on small mammals, birds, fish, earthworms, insects and fruits.
Binturongs are well adapted to surviving in the trees of the forest.
Binturongs begin breeding at age two.
Binturongs begin breeding at the age of two and can have two litters a year.
Binturongs can be vicious if they are cornered.
Binturongs can grow to be over three feet tall- around the height of an average four year old kid.
Binturongs dislike open places.
Binturongs eat fruit and small animals that they find using their sense of smell to find food .
Binturongs eat fruit and small animals that they find using their sense of smell to find food.
Binturongs eat more plant food than is usual for carnivores.
Binturongs even sleep high in tree branches, curling up with their heads tucked under their tails.
Binturongs give off an unusual scent that resembles popcorn.
Binturongs have (part) brains.
Binturongs have (part) breasts.
Binturongs have (part) cell membranes.
Binturongs have (part) cells.
Binturongs have (part) chest cavities.
Binturongs have (part) chests.
Binturongs have (part) corpi.
Binturongs have (part) cytoplasm.
Binturongs have (part) ears.
Binturongs have (part) faces.
Binturongs have (part) heads.
Binturongs have (part) nuclei.
Binturongs have (part) pedal extremities.
Binturongs have (part) piluses.
Binturongs have (part) plasma membranes.
Binturongs have (part) rib cages.
Binturongs have (part) sections.
Binturongs have (part) skulls.
Binturongs have (part) sterna.
Binturongs have (part) vacuoles.
Binturongs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Binturongs have a special relationship with the strangler fig.
Binturongs have a very special job in the forests where they are found.
Binturongs have an important job in the forests where they are found.
Binturongs have an unusual odor like buttered popcorn, and they mark their territory by scent.
Binturongs have glands.
Binturongs have sharp nails and a voluntary nail trim is an easily-trained behavior.
Binturongs have tails.
Binturongs have thick , black fur , a long , muscular tail , and long , stiff , white whiskers .
Binturongs have thick, black fur, a long, muscular tail, and long, stiff, white whiskers.
Binturongs live in rainforest canopies.
Binturongs mark their territory with scent.
Binturongs mostly live alone but can easily live with their parents.
Binturongs spend most of their lives high in the trees of the rainforest.
Binturongs swim well enough to catch fish.
Binturongs travel on all fours, and their legs are short like raccoons' legs.
Binturongs walk flat-footed, like bears and people.
Most binturongs have glands.
Most binturongs have tails.
Some binturongs affect survival.
Some binturongs are classified as carnivores.
Some binturongs belong to families.
Some binturongs find food.
Some binturongs hang from branches.
Some binturongs hang from tree branches.
Some binturongs have predators.
Some binturongs have scent.
Some binturongs have whiskers.
Some binturongs reach ages.
Some binturongs use tails.
Binucleate forms are present.
Bio breaks are no excuse to stop hacking.
Bio diesel is renewable and sustainable.
Bio diversity plays an important part in the survival of all species.
Bio ethanol appears to reduce car emissions.
Bio information covers specialty, location, degree, hospital affiliation, etc.
Bio information is here .
Bio information is under construction.
Bio mass continues to lead the way in their endeavors.
Bio plastics are bio degradable bio compatiable and renewable.
Bio section is as long as an entire newsletter.
Bio tech exists to determine what toxics are killing people.
Bio tower needs to be installed completely vertically to create the optimum efficiency and effect.
Bio tower works on a trickle filter principle.
Bio weapons are easy to carry and conceal.
Bioabsorable scaffolds impregnated with marrow are effective bone graft substitutes.
Bioacoustic studies can be an important means of tracking pod movements.
Bioactive glass gives new hope for bone operations .
Bioactive glass is such a material.
Bioactive glass promotes bone formation and forms a direct bond with bone when implanted.
Bioactive lipids are key structural and functional components of the human body.
Bioactive materials play a more aggressive role in the body.
Many bioactive molecules have intracellular sites of action.
Bioactive products stimulate the healing process.
Most bioactive zinc is present in red blood cells in the enzyme carbonic anhydrase.
Bioanalytical chemistry is crucial to gaining an understanding.
Bioanalytical methods are necessary to construct a concentration-time profile.
Bioassay is a retrospective assessment of intake.
Bioassay is assay
Bioassay is assay.
Bioassay represent a cost effective alternative.
Bioassays are the best determination of soil readiness.
Bioassays are the gold standard for detecting the infectivity of tissues.
Bioassays bring real science to the classroom.
Bioassays provide a feasible alternative.
Bioassays represent the interaction between plant and fungus in the field.
Bioavailable iron is the form of iron that the body is able to use.
Bioavailable testosterone is an assessment of the biologically active testosterone in serum.
Biobased products have the potential for significant societal and consumer impact.
A biocatalyst is an accelerator
Biocatalysts are strictu sensu the catalysts of cell metabolism, i.e. the enzymes.
Biocatalysts greatly simplify production and in some instances make it possible in the first place.
All biochemical action is dependent on or related to the presence of enzymes.
All biochemical action occurring in living organisms take place in genes.
Biochemical alterations occur within hours after the cessation of milking or suckling.
Biochemical analyses show excretion.
Biochemical analysis reveals normal enzyme levels.
Biochemical analysis shows that eliaosomes are nutritious, being rich in fats and sugars.
Most biochemical analyses show excretion.
Biochemical assays provide direct evidence to support the idea.
Biochemical background is provided in an appendix.
Biochemical changes cause walls to relax and to stretch.
Biochemical changes occurring in products during storage is reviewed.
Biochemical changes parallel the morphological changes.
Biochemical compounds declarative db.
Biochemical conversions include anaerobic digestion.
Biochemical conversions include digestion.
Biochemical detection allows for more rapid and inexpensive detection, without invasive methods.
Biochemical detection uses specific device architectures and processes.
Biochemical dynamics is introduced through a study of enzymes, coenzymes, and enzyme kinetics.
Biochemical effect arise when molecules interact with biomolecules such as enyzmes.
Many biochemical engineers work in pharmaceutical companies.
Biochemical engineering generates useful products and applications.
Biochemical experiments show enzyme reaction.
Biochemical experiments show reaction.
Most biochemical experiments show enzyme reaction.
Most biochemical experiments show reaction.
Biochemical factors affect connective tissue.
Biochemical factors affect tissue.
Most biochemical factors affect connective tissue.
Most biochemical factors affect tissue.
Biochemical imbalances seem more and more to be a significant part of the problem.
Biochemical individuality needs. .
Biochemical individuality needs.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to ten times or more of a.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to ten times or more.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to ten times or.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to ten times.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing.
Biochemical individuality results in a person.
Biochemical individuality results in.
Biochemical markers are a valid alternative method for monitoring osteoporosis therapy.
Biochemical markers can reveal the integrity of bone remodeling.
Some biochemical markers show cell death.
Some biochemical markers show death.
Most biochemical materials belong to that class.
All biochemical metabolism continues, consuming nutrients.
Some biochemical methods involve analyses.
Biochemical mutations have a lesion in one specific step of an enzymatic pathway.
Some biochemical observations suggest secretion.
Biochemical pathways are abstract concepts developed by biochemists.
Biochemical pathways constitute just one level in the hierarchical organization of organisms.
Biochemical pathways exPASy A searchable database of metabolic pathways.
Biochemical pathways lead to production.
Biochemical pathways serve different functions.
Biochemical pathways serve functions.
Most biochemical pathways lead to production.
Most biochemical pathways serve different functions.
Most biochemical pathways serve functions.
Some biochemical pathways produce energy.
Biochemical pesticides are natural substances that control pests by non-toxic mechanisms.
Biochemical pharmacology embraces chemistry, molecular biology, physiology and biochemistry.
Biochemical principles form the basis of most laboratory procedures within the life sciences.
Biochemical process is characterized by a cell-based assay.
Biochemical profiles provide a window to the general health of an individual.
Biochemical reaction go fast at higher temps.
Biochemical reactions are chemical reactions that take place inside the of living things.
Biochemical reactions do have thresholds according to kinetic theory.
Biochemical reactions require enzymes to speed up and control reaction rates.
Biochemical reactions take place inside the cells.
Most biochemical reactions involve solutes dissolved in water.
Most biochemical reactions occur in the watery, or aqueous, phase.
Most biochemical reactions take place in liquid environments.
Some biochemical reaction involves enzymes.
Some biochemical reaction involves several enzymes.
Some biochemical reaction produces light.
Some biochemical reaction takes places.
Biochemical research provides other evidence for genetic predisposition to addiction.
Biochemical response is more significant than a less dramatic clinical response.
Biochemical responses transform the firefly from the larva stage to the adult stage.
Biochemical stains are available to determine viability.
Biochemical stress indices Practical training with analytical instruments.
Biochemical systems offer possibilities to coevolve the construction system itself.
Biochemical tests are insufficient for assessing the hepatic injury.
Biochemical tests are often inaccurate in the diagnosis of latent cases of porphyria.
Biochemical tests are sometimes imprecise.
Biochemical tests reveal conditions.
Biochemical tests reveal follow conditions.
Most biochemical tests reveal conditions.
Most biochemical tests reveal follow conditions.
Some biochemical tests show starches.
Biochemical testing can easily differentiate the two species.
Biochemical testing is available.
Biochemical treatment can be effective only for persons with significant biochemical imbalances.
Biochemical treatment revolves around antifolates, especially calcium and methionine.
Biochemical treatments are effective for a variety of organic wastes.
Some biochemical treatments relieve depression.
Biochemical warfare is a threat.
A biochemist is a chemist
Biochemist study how organisms derive energy, use nutrients and reproduce.
Biochemists are chemists.
Biochemists are close to doing it.
Biochemists are excited about the new versatility of globins.
Biochemists are in fact amazed at oxytocin's manifold effects.
Biochemists are scientists.
Biochemists are workers.
Biochemists can specialize in a specific area of biochemistry.
Biochemists concern themselves with the chemistry of the living world.
Biochemists generally have much more chemistry than biology as their focus.
Biochemists investigate the chemical aspects of cells and blood, antibodies, enzymes, and hormones.
Biochemists look at how living organisms function at the molecular level.
Biochemists refer to the interrupted reaction as a rate-limiting step.
Biochemists require a firm background in chemistry, biology, math, and physics for their work.
Biochemists specialize in the chemical composition and behavior of living things.
Biochemists squeeze self-evolving molecules into tiny plastic test tubes.
Biochemists study the chemical composition of living organisms.
Biochemists study the chemical composition of living things.
Biochemists study the chemical makeup of living things.
Biochemists study the chemicals that make up living things.
Biochemists study the chemistry of life processes.
Biochemists study the chemistry of living systems from viruses and bacteria to plants and animals.
Biochemists study the effects of soil, temperature, and light on plants.
Biochemists study the molecules that define the structure and function of living beings.
Biochemists study the organic chemistry of life.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Biochemists try to answer questions that are fundamental to life.
Biochemists use the suffix -in to designate proteins.
Biochemists use the term conformation when talking about protien shape.
Biochemists work to develop new diagnostic tools and improve existing systems.
Biochemists often draw a picture of an enzyme to use as a visual aid or map of the enzyme .
Biochemists often draw a picture of an enzyme to use as a visual aid or map of the enzyme.
Many biochemists are interested in molecular biology-the study of genes and gene expression.
Many biochemists study directly or use the protein molecules called enzymes.
Most biochemists deal with the chemistry of life process, such as metabolism, digestion and growth.
Most biochemists have only a meagre understanding of, or interest in, evolution.
Most biochemists know it as ubiquinone, an equally arcane name.
Some biochemists also find a career as a consultant in public- or private relations.
Biochemistry admits of no soul.
Biochemistry also has a substantial input to the food, agricultural and biotechnological industries.
Biochemistry also is recommended.
Biochemistry applies physical chemical principles to biological systems.
Biochemistry borrows from such diverse disciplines as organic chemistry, thermodynamics and biology.
Biochemistry changes on an hourly basis, and the longwave occupies many years.
Biochemistry consistently ranks among the top three life science departments for funded research.
Biochemistry deals with living systems at the molecular level.
Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms.
Biochemistry enters the picture.
Biochemistry Investigates the basic theme of intermediary metabolism.
Biochemistry involves the study of biological processes at a molecular level.
Biochemistry is a broadly-understood, straightforward realm of engineering.
Biochemistry is a central subject for pure and applied biological sciences.
Biochemistry is a complex area and it is different for everyone.
Biochemistry is a growing field and a lot of our chemistry majors are interested in it.
Biochemistry is a multi-disciplinary course that encompasses immense bodies of knowledge.
Biochemistry is a rigorous and quantitative science.
Biochemistry is a study of the molecules of life.
Biochemistry is a young science.
Biochemistry is academic journals.
Biochemistry is acceptable in place of one organic chemistry course.
Biochemistry is also part of organic chemistry.
Biochemistry is an advanced subject requiring knowledge in chemistry, biology and mathematics.
Biochemistry is an exciting field which offers many challenging and rewarding opportunities.
Biochemistry is an interesting field in biology in general.
Biochemistry is at the cutting edge of modern biology research.
Biochemistry is concerned with compounds of carbon that crawl.
Biochemistry is emphasized.
Biochemistry is essentially the identification of the characteristics of living matter.
Biochemistry is fundamental to understanding all branches of the life sciences.
Biochemistry is given as part of the chemistry list.
Biochemistry is interdisciplinary taking advantage of different aspects of chemistry and biology.
Biochemistry is now in an explosive growth phase.
Biochemistry is often a valuable in the analysis of genetic mutations of proteins and enzymes.
Biochemistry is one of the most important interdisciplinary fields in science today.
Biochemistry is organic chemistry
Biochemistry is organic chemistry.
Biochemistry is particularly difficult because of the complexity of many of the molecules.
Biochemistry is probably the most broadly useful discipline for understanding modern biology.
Biochemistry is recommended.
Biochemistry is represented through research on enzyme reactions .
Biochemistry is required by a few schools and is encouraged by all.
Biochemistry is required by some schools and strongly recommended by many others.
Biochemistry is required or recommended by most of the schools.
Biochemistry is still chemistry.
Biochemistry is still in the process of discovering complexity.
Biochemistry is suggested.
Biochemistry is the branch of chemistry that deals with living systems.
Biochemistry is the central discipline of modern molecular life science.
Biochemistry is the chemistry of life.
Biochemistry is the chemistry of living things.
Biochemistry is the only department in the basic medical sciences with an undergraduate program.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Biochemistry is the study of chemicals, chemical process, bla bla bla bla, and all that stuff.
Biochemistry is the study of how living organisms work.
Biochemistry is the study of life on the molecular level.
Biochemistry is the study of life processes at the molecular level.
Biochemistry is the study of molecules and chemical reactions on which life is based.
Biochemistry is the study of the basic chemical processes that occur in all living systems.
Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of biological molecules .
Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of biological molecules.
Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of life.
Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of living organisms.
Biochemistry is the study of the interrelationship between biology and chemistry.
Biochemistry is the study of the molecules and chemical reactions of life.
Biochemistry is the study of the structures and chemical reactions found in living systems.
Biochemistry is the truth to doctors.
Biochemistry is very good in revealing the mechanistic features.
Biochemistry is what is says - the study of the chemistry of living things.
Biochemistry is, by definition, the study of the molecular basis of life processes.
Biochemistry isa chemistry.
Biochemistry Keep up.
Biochemistry offers one subject in each semester.
Biochemistry plays a role in eating disorders.
Biochemistry presents many challenging frontiers and unsolved problems to the imaginative mind.
Biochemistry provides a means to purify and characterize the enzymes.
Biochemistry provides the basis for understanding human physiology and pathophysiology.
Biochemistry requires steadfast effort and many hours per week.
Biochemistry runs in families.
Biochemistry seeks a molecular explanation for life, or the processes that support life.
Biochemistry seeks to explain the processes that support life molecularly.
Biochemistry seeks to understand and explain living systems at the molecular level.
Biochemistry seeks to understand the molecular events of life processes.
Biochemistry seeks to understand the processes of biological systems in chemical terms.
Biochemistry share a common first year.
All biochemistry involves carbon compounds carrying specific functional groups.
A biochip is semiconductor
Biochips are chips.
Biochips are essentially biochemistry laboratories in miniature.
Biochips are glass slides to which are affixed microscopic, three-dimensional pads of a gel.
Biochips are tiny arrays of thousands of minute gel pads mounted on glass slides.
Biochips have applications in detecting toxic chemicals, identifying diseases, and fighting crime.
Biochips have multiple potential uses in medicine, including drug development.
BioChips introduce a new paradigm in protein molecular mapping strategies.
Biochips mean many things to many people.
Biochips pack the equivalent of thousands of micro-test tubes on a single glass slide.
Biochips represent the most advanced method to analyze biomolecules, particularly nucleic acids.
Most biocide suppliers offer microbial testing as a free service to potential customers.
Bioclimatic principles are a valuable and important inspiration.
Bioclimatic simulations test the sensitivity of terrestrial carbon storage to perturbed climate.
Bioclimatological knowledge is especially applicable in various kinds of climate-related planning.
Biocomposite materials exist in nature in the form of such substances as shell and bone.
Biocriteria research involves the establishment of a threshold for comparing ambient conditions.
Biocrude oils have their own environmental benefits.
Biocultural evolution can also involve a mutual, interactive evolution of human biology and culture.
A biodefense is defense
Biodefense is defense against bioterrorism, often in the form of a vaccine or medicine.
Biodegradable antifreeze is recommended as many of the disposal problems are eliminated.
Biodegradable bags are also acceptable.
Biodegradable caskets are much less expensive than durable ones.
Biodegradable coffins made of papier mache are under construction in Sydney Australia.
Biodegradable detergents are capable of being decomposed naturally.
Biodegradable diapers are one option for parents.
Biodegradable diapers have cornstarch added to the plastic to break it into tiny pieces.
Biodegradable formula minimizes organic loading in wastewater.
Biodegradable garbage is buried in the forest.
Biodegradable materials are capable of being broken down by bacteria into basic elements.
Biodegradable materials biodegrade more quickly in compost heaps than in landfills.
Biodegradable materials extend the useful life of landfills.
Many biodegradable materials have a high starch content.
Biodegradable matter is generally organic material that serves as a nutrient for microorganisms.
Biodegradable matters form humus as they decompose.
Biodegradable plastic is made by adding starch to the plastic.
Biodegradable plastics are also intended products of their research.
Biodegradable plastics decompose through the action of bacteria.
Biodegradable polymers can be natural or synthetic.
Biodegradable polymers have important medical and other commercial applications.
Biodegradable products are compostable, while most plastics are recyclable.
Biodegradable scaffolds improve the odds of scarless healing.
Biodegradable soap is preferred, but keep it out of the river.
Biodegradable soaps appear to have the least harmful effects.
Biodegradable soaps are most effective when rinsed off on land where soil bacteria can degrade it.
Biodegradable substances decompose easily and enrich the soil.
Biodegradable technology is concerned with the manufacturing science of biodegradable materials.
Biodegradable waste breaks down into methane in the landfill, if at all.
All biodegradable waste is burned and buried before breaking camp every morning.
Biodiveristy rates continue to increase in response to the wolves, though at a slower pace.
Biodiverse systems are also more stable and resilient.
Biodiversity conservation is about safeguarding species and their habitats.
Biodiversity conservation makes good economic sense.
Biodiversity hotspots are biologically rich areas that are under extreme threat.
Biodiversity indicators framework discussion paper.
All biodiversity information collected is available and accessible.
Biodiversity loss increases vulnerability to disease, parasitism and pollution.
Biodiversity loss is also a serious problem, and air pollution is yet another trans-border issue.
Biodiversity affects climates.
Biodiversity affects products.
Biodiversity also ensures a future gene bank for tomorrow's forestry and agriculture.
Biodiversity also helps in the preservation of wild animals of all kinds.
Biodiversity also increases the beauty of the planet.
Biodiversity also refers to the diversity within species.
Biodiversity also supplies indirect services to humans which are often taken for granted.
Biodiversity arises through evolution.
Biodiversity can be a rich sourcesof food and priceless medicines to mankind.
Biodiversity can provide indirect value.
Biodiversity can provide value directly to humans.
Biodiversity comes to fruition in restoration ecology.
Biodiversity comprises all forms of life, plants and animals and microorganisms.
Biodiversity consists of every living thing on earth.
Biodiversity constitutes a patrimony of great economic, aesthetic, and cultural value for Mexico.
Biodiversity continues to decline in the degraded, modern day ponderosa pine forest.
Biodiversity contributes to ecosystem complexity.
Biodiversity contributes to the stability of ecosystems.
Biodiversity depends on preserving habitats containing the broadest range of species or varieties.
Biodiversity depends on the rate of speciation.
Biodiversity depends upon ecosystem diversity.
Biodiversity disappears with all the serious implications which follow.
Biodiversity encourages a healthier ecosystem.
Biodiversity enriches our lives - intellectually, aesthetically, economically, and culturally.
Biodiversity ensures resources.
Biodiversity exists even around an active or dormant volcano.
Biodiversity happens to be greatest in the world's primary tropical rainforests.
Biodiversity has ecological, economic, social, cultural and intrinsic values.
Biodiversity has many meanings.
Biodiversity has NO aesthetic value.
Biodiversity has several different forms, in functional, ecological, genetic, and species diversity.
Biodiversity has several levels of meaning in a landscape.
Biodiversity has social values, including aesthetic, scientific, recreational and cultural values.
Biodiversity has success.
Biodiversity has values.
Biodiversity helps keep ecosystems healthy.
Biodiversity holds the promise of sustainable development for the world.
Biodiversity includes components.
Biodiversity includes domesticated as well as wild species of plants and animals.
Biodiversity includes dynamic ecological processes.
Biodiversity includes genes, species and ecosystems.
Biodiversity includes genetic diversity, species diversity and ecosystem diversity.
Biodiversity includes lizards, bats, woodpeckers, and snakes.
Biodiversity includes other components.
Biodiversity includes plant s, animal s, fungi, and other living things.
Biodiversity includes two other components as well- genetic diversity and ecosystem diversity.
Biodiversity increases stability.
Biodiversity increases the ability of an ecosystem to withstand environmental change.
Biodiversity indicates ecosystem health but faces threats today.
Biodiversity influences productivity and sustainability in experimental grassland ecosystems.
Biodiversity inspires musicians , painters, sculptors, writers and other artists.
Biodiversity is a complex concept.
Biodiversity is a complex subject and it can be looked at in a lot of ways.
Biodiversity is a constantly changing, even frantic, dance of life.
Biodiversity is a fundamental necessity of nature to maintain the ecological balance on the planet.
Biodiversity is a fundamental principle of life on our planet.
Biodiversity is a global treasure.
Biodiversity is a good indicator of ecosystem health.
Biodiversity is a hallmark of sustainable fa rming ecologies.
Biodiversity is a key factor in making a local area distinctive and recognisable.
Biodiversity is a lot more than just the number of different plant and animal species.
Biodiversity is a measure of the health of ecosystems .
Biodiversity is a measure of the health of ecosystems.
Biodiversity is a measure of the variety of different species living in a habitat.
Biodiversity is a measure of the variety of organisms present in different ecosystems.
Biodiversity is a much over-used word.
Biodiversity is a new study among the scientific community.
Biodiversity is a primary concern.
Biodiversity is a property of a particular geographic area.
Biodiversity is a result of the interaction of species with their environment.
Biodiversity is a scientific name that is short for biological diversity.
Biodiversity is a scientific term that is now commonly used.
Biodiversity is a shorthand term for biological diversity, or the rich variety of life on Earth.
Biodiversity is a source of strength in the ecosystem.
Biodiversity is a very good and yummy thing.
Biodiversity is a very popular subject.
Biodiversity is a word that describes the variety of living things.
Biodiversity is about economic markets, and biodiversity is about global environmental change.
Biodiversity is about ecosystems, species and genes.
Biodiversity is about local uniqueness.
Biodiversity is about ordinary people.
Biodiversity is absent at mercury contaminated sites.
Biodiversity is affected by extensive as well as intensive livestock production.
Biodiversity is all the different kinds of species in an area.
Biodiversity is also a priority, as is getting a forest level working group started.
Biodiversity is also fragile, with few but highly specialized and adapted species.
Biodiversity is also important in that it offers a source of food and medication to human beings.
Biodiversity is an ecological term that has now come into common usage.
Biodiversity is an essential consideration for sustainable fisheries and aquaculture.
Biodiversity is an established marquee term in the popular media.
Biodiversity is an extremely important concept because on a global level it is rapidly decreasing.
Biodiversity is an important element of sustainable development .
Biodiversity is an important natural resource.
Biodiversity is an important part of urban forestry.
Biodiversity is an incredibly powerful force that keeps species evolving.
Biodiversity is an indicator of a healthy environment.
Biodiversity is an insurance policy against unknown environmental fluctuations and disturbances.
Biodiversity is an international concept but one founded very strongly on local action.
Biodiversity is an internationally recognized political and societal issue.
Biodiversity is an intrinsic value of the forest system.
Biodiversity is an issue.
Biodiversity is approached from two very different angles in two separate papers.
Biodiversity is appropriately the concern of environment ministers.
Biodiversity is basically genetic diversity.
Biodiversity is concerned with our living planet.
Biodiversity is considered the same as nature and wilderness is considered to be the same as nature.
Biodiversity is dead, choked out by invasive species.
Biodiversity is decreased when non-native species are introduced for several reasons.
Biodiversity is defined in different ways.
Biodiversity is emanent, immanent, ineffable.
Biodiversity is enriched, as are nearby residents.
Biodiversity is equated with the number of different organisms present in a habitat .
Biodiversity is especially important to the medical and pharmaceutical industries.
Biodiversity is essential for a healthy and functional ecosystem.
Biodiversity is essential for supporting human life on Earth.
Biodiversity is essential to agriculture.
Biodiversity is greater in silvopasture than the other systems.
Biodiversity is greatest where distinct habitat types come into contact.
Biodiversity is higher in the tropics than in the temperate areas.
Biodiversity is important because it contributes to resiliency.
Biodiversity is important for a number of reasons.
Biodiversity is important for human beings in a number of ways.
Biodiversity is important for many reasons.
Biodiversity is important for the survival of all life on Earth.
Biodiversity is important to people in many ways.
Biodiversity is important, but the most important criteria are privacy, safety, and accessibility.
Biodiversity is in crisis.
Biodiversity is increased in agroecosystems by attracting insects with weed border plants.
Biodiversity is indeed the spice of life.
Biodiversity is just a modern term used to describe all the plants and animals that exist in nature.
Biodiversity is life, and it is the basis for our lives and livelihoods.
Biodiversity is life.
Biodiversity is lost when humans take over what is grown, such as crops.
Biodiversity is mainly concerned with species richness and frequency in an ecosystem.
Biodiversity is measured in particular units.
Biodiversity is more than just the number of different plant and animal species.
Biodiversity is now under severe threat.
Biodiversity is of considerable direct economic value, and provides key support to the biosphere.
Biodiversity is of great economic value for plant breeding and new industrial uses.
Biodiversity is one metric for health, functioning at particular spatial scales and thematic levels.
Biodiversity is one of Earth s most ecologically important natural resources.
Biodiversity is our most valuable but least appreciated resource.
Biodiversity is particularly critical in Hawai'i.
Biodiversity is rich of flora and fauna including rare species and very rare species.
Biodiversity is shorthand for biological diversity, the variety of life on Earth.
Biodiversity is the assortment, or variety, of living things in an ecosystem.
Biodiversity is the biological subject they focus on.
Biodiversity is the diversity of life within a ecosystem or biome .
Biodiversity is the diversity of life.
Biodiversity is the diversity of life-forms.
Biodiversity is the diversity of plant and animal life found in a particular area.
Biodiversity is the key to a healthy ecosystem.
Biodiversity is the number of species in a given ecosystem.
Biodiversity is the product of and, in turn, the provider of life on Earth.
Biodiversity is the product of species repeatedly chiselling out niches in complex systems.
Biodiversity is the shortened term for biological diversity.
Biodiversity is the spice of life.
Biodiversity is the term used to describe the great variety of life forms found upon earth.
Biodiversity is the total of all species living in a given area.
Biodiversity is the total of all the species living in a given area.
Biodiversity is the variation and variety of genes, organisms and species found in an ecosystem.
Biodiversity is the variety and spice of life.
Biodiversity is the variety of all life on earth.
Biodiversity is the variety of life at all levels of biology.
Biodiversity is the variety of life forms on earth.
Biodiversity is the variety of life on Earth.
Biodiversity is the variety of life on the planet.
Biodiversity is the variety of life-forms that exist or existed in the past.
Biodiversity is the variety of living organisms in an area.
Biodiversity is the variety of living things that populate the Earth.
Biodiversity is the variety, richness, and complexity of life that exists within nature.
Biodiversity is the very fabric of our existence.
Biodiversity is too big a subject for one or even one group of researchers.
Biodiversity is under threat on two fronts.
Biodiversity is up for sale.
Biodiversity is variety
Biodiversity is very high and includes a number of threatened mammals.
Biodiversity is vital in supporting human life on Earth.
Biodiversity is vital to any healthy ecosystem.
Biodiversity is what makes the world go round.
Biodiversity is when organisms vary in a specific ecosystem.
Biodiversity is, simply put, all life on earth, even that which has yet to be discovered.
Biodiversity isa diversity.
Biodiversity lessens the risk of cascading extinction in model food webs.
Biodiversity makes ecosystems better.
Biodiversity means biological diversity.
Biodiversity means the variety and variability of plant and animal species.
Biodiversity offers more protection for an ecosystem.
Biodiversity plays a powerful role in ecosystems by indicating the condition of the environment.
Biodiversity plays a vital role in maintaining stability in a natural ecosystem.
Biodiversity plays an important part in all aspects of life.
Biodiversity plays vital roles in our everyday lives.
Biodiversity promotes stability.
Biodiversity provides a matrix of life that makes the most basic of natural processes possible.
Biodiversity provides a sense of place.
Biodiversity provides actual and potential material and economic benefits to people.
Biodiversity provides many benefits.
Biodiversity provides medical models for research into solving human health problems.
Biodiversity reaches the peak .
Biodiversity refers to all living organisms and their genes.
Biodiversity refers to all the different kinds of living organisms within a given area.
Biodiversity refers to differences.
Biodiversity refers to diversity.
Biodiversity refers to genetic, species, and ecosystem diversity.
Biodiversity refers to the diversity of plants and animals and the place they live.
Biodiversity refers to the genetic variation of all life on Earth.
Biodiversity refers to the immense variety of plant and animal species that inhabit the planet .
Biodiversity refers to the incredible variety of plant and animal species on the planet.
Biodiversity refers to the many different forms of life.
Biodiversity refers to the multitude of different forms of life.
Biodiversity refers to the number and variety of species and the range of their genetic makeup.
Biodiversity refers to the total number of species, genes, and ecosystems found on our planet.
Biodiversity refers to the variety of plant and animal life that live on the natural areas.
Biodiversity represents a library of potential engineering principles.
Biodiversity simply refers to the variety of life on Earth.
Biodiversity stabilizes ecosystems and strengthens their ability to recover from damage.
Biodiversity stabilizes the ecosystem.
Biodiversity There are no comprehensive studies of the fauna or flora of either country.
Biodiversity therefore embraces the whole of the incredible variety of life found on earth.
Biodiversity underpins our way of life.
Biodiversity underpins the health of the planet and has a direct impact on all our lives.
Biodiversity often conjures thoughts of mammals, plants, birds, insects, spiders and molluscs.
Most biodiversity affects climates.
Most biodiversity affects products.
Most biodiversity ensures resources.
Most biodiversity has success.
Most biodiversity has values.
Most biodiversity includes components.
Most biodiversity includes other components.
Most biodiversity increases stability.
Most biodiversity refers to differences.
Most biodiversity refers to diversity.
Much biodiversity is lost and the world's genetic storehouse becomes impoverished.
Much biodiversity is undiscovered.
Much biodiversity occurs only outside formal conservation areas.
Some biodiversity causes damage.
Some biodiversity causes severe damage.
Some biodiversity enhances food security.
Some biodiversity enhances security.
Some biodiversity ensures availability.
Some biodiversity has benefits.
Some biodiversity has direct benefits.
Some biodiversity has direct economic benefits.
Some biodiversity has economic benefits.
Some biodiversity provides better stability.
Some biodiversity provides ecosystem services.
Some biodiversity provides numerous ecosystem services.
Some biodiversity provides services.
Some biodiversity provides stability.
Bioelectrical impulses underlie the entire complex of thinking and feeling.
Bioelectromagnetic applications use the body's response to electromagnetic fields to heal the body.
Bioelectromagnetic consciousness processes emote coherence.
Bioelectromagnetic therapies use the low-frequency portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Bioengineered foods are high on the agenda.
Bioengineered foods have the ability to improve quality of life around the globe.
Bioenvironmental reports show no significant water quality issues.
Bioethical research is carried out in cooperation with the faculty of medicine.
Biofeedback conditioning is one of the quickest ways of learning a relaxation technique.
Biofeedback instruments are important while a person learns self-regulation.
Biofeedback instrumentation is utilised.
Biofeedback monitors are available for research and demonstration purposes.
Biofeedback programs can help to control blood flow, thereby changing the subjects hand temperature.
Biofeedback techniques are a useful teaching aid for identifying specific muscle groups to exercise.
Biofeedback techniques can be helpful in many cases.
Biofeedback therapy helps to identify and train specific muscles.
Biofeedback therapy is administered in eight one-hour sessions.
Biofeedback therapy is used successfully world-wide.
Biofeedback training can even end the problem of fecal incontinence.
Biofeedback training involves a similar process.
Biofeedback training is a good choice, because it can quiet the sympathetic nervous system .
Biofeedback training is more complex than relaxation training.
Biofeedback training is very effective in helping control the effects of stress on the body.
Biofeedback training teaches the patient to stimulate the correct muscles for each movement.
Biofeedback treatment can be an extremely successful in both incontinent and constipated patients.
Bioflavinoid is a vitamin
Bioflavinoids are anti-cancer substances found in many fruit and vegetable juices.
Bioflavinoids are no different.
Bioflavinoids are wonderful.
Bioflavinoids keep the blood from thickening and clogging up the arteries.
Bioflavinoids reduce histamine reactions to pollutants and allergens.
Bioflavinoids strengthen capillary walls by helping the body to manufacture collagen and elastin.
All biog pages have references supporting their notability.
Biogas digesters provide methane gas for cooking and refrigeration.
Biogas gas is obtained from anaerobic digestion of high-moisture biomass such as manure.
Biogas production is also possible.
Biogas production is secondary.
Biogas systems are still better suited for larger operations.
Biogas technology is linked to the atmospheric budgets of many greenhouse gases .
Biogenesis is forbidden by the South African government to ship to any U.S. address.
Biogenesis is generation.
Biogenesis is more like history than like a physical science.
Biogenesis is synthesis
Biogenesis is the basic axiom of biology.
Biogenesis is the principle that all living things come from other living things.
Biogenesis is the theory that life comes from life.
Biogenesis means that life only arises from life.
Biogenesis only sells original products, manufactured under the original brand names.
BioGenesis stands for value.
Biogenesis states that life came from life.
Biogenic aggregates differ in C-mineralisation from physicogenic aggregates.
Biogenic amines formed in foods are important indicators of food contamination and spoilage.
Biogenic amines regulate avian immunity.
Biogenic gas is also drier than many thermogenic gases.
Biogenic material is obviously a more abundant and steadier source.
Biogenic material occurs sporadically and intermittently throughout the sequence.
Biogenic methane is formed by bacterial activity in sediment.
Biogenic silica accumulates where there are plenty of nutrients.
Biogenous sediment is made mostly of calcium carbonate or silica.
Biogeochemical cycles are crucial for the maintenance of life on Earth.
Biogeochemical cycles are important because they sustain life on earth.
Biogeochemical cycling is the cycling of essential elements by microbes.
Biogeochemical cycling refers to recycling of nutrients in nature.
Biogeochemical models are sensitive to the physical framework in which they are imbedded.
Biogeographical patterns observed in floras are the result of a number of historical factors.
Biogeography isa biology.
Some biogeographies provide evidence.
A biographer is an author
Biographers are increasingly hostile toward their subjects.
Biographers are like that.
Biographers are parasites.
Biographers are writers.
Biographers collect and write down a person's life history.
Biographers collect detailed information on individuals.
Biographers delve into their lives and writings and succeed in analyzing their innermost feelings.
Biographers Determine the years that each explorer lived.
Biographers help make their writings accurate by learning as much as possible about their subjects.
Biographers make their writings accurate by learning as much as possible about their subjects.
Biographers plough a lonely furrow trying to stir up the ghosts of the past.
Biographers stress single life-changing events.
Biographers turn away.
Biographers use such research materials as diaries, personal letters, and autobiographies.
Biographers write an account of another person's life.
Biographers often develop strange attachments to their subjects.
Biographers often imitate their subjects.
Every biographer faces two distinct and conflicting demands.
Every biographer insists upon it.
Many biographers take the opposite view.
Most biographers are too stupid to come close to glimpsing that awesome truth.
Most biographers inject too much of themselves into their narrative.
Some biographers seem so enamored with their subject they write like a paid publicist.
Biographical collections can be sources rich in genealogical data for family historians.
Biographical collections provide short accounts of people's lives who have some commonality.
Biographical comments are possible too.
Biographical data is available, in several formats.
Biographical data is kept strictly confidential.
Biographical data is sparse.
Some biographical data is included.
Biographical details are available.
Biographical details are in preparation.
Biographical details follow.
Biographical details reflect each woman's unique accomplishments.
Biographical dictionaries provide basic information on notable people.
Biographical dictionary covers from ancient times to the present.
Biographical entries are rich in detail, well illustrated and many end with a bibliography.
Biographical entries are slightly more selective.
Biographical entries are there for noted dancers, companies and composers.
Biographical entries comprise major portion of the volume.
Biographical entries give a brief history, the person's significance, and their historical context.
Biographical entries reflect diverse fields of endeavor.
Biographical entries vary in length and include a bibliography and list of works.
Many biographical entries contain pictures as well as further references.
Most biographical entries are for persons in the past.
Biographical files are also available.
Most biographical films are dramatizations .
Biographical influences are often so hard to put a finger on.
Biographical info is listed.
Biographical information describing the expert's background is given.
Biographical information follows excerpt.
Biographical information follows the session titles.
Biographical information given, the amount varies from several lines to several paragraphs.
Biographical information includes awards and publications as well as vital statistics.
Biographical information includes diaries, tributes, and character sketches.
Biographical information is a major component.
Biographical information is also available to include millions of photographs.
Biographical information is attached in Word format.
Biographical information is attached.
Biographical information is available by clicking on the person's name.
Biographical information is available from many sources, both print and electronic .
Biographical information is available here also.
Biographical information is available here.
Biographical information is available on underlined names.
Biographical information is available through many of the above resources .
Biographical information is available.
Biographical information is concise and includes only basic data and accomplishments.
Biographical information is contained in booklets that accompany most of our videos.
Biographical information is derived from material in the collection.
Biographical information is derived from the collection.
Biographical information is filed with the collection.
Biographical information is given for each author.
Biographical information is given on key leaders of each group.
Biographical information is included along with analysis of important works.
Biographical information is included as well as case participation with the usual related links.
Biographical information is included for most artists.
Biographical information is included for some artists.
Biographical information is included on each composer.
Biographical information is maintained on all general officers while on active duty.
Biographical information is provided about judges up for re-election.
Biographical information is provided about the athletes.
Biographical information is provided for notable citizens.
Biographical information is provided for the justices.
Biographical information is provided if available to the compiler at the time.
Biographical information is provided in the following section.
Biographical information is provided on the authors in compilation.
Biographical information is requested to be submitted online by each nominee.
Biographical information is submitted by the judges themselves.
Biographical information is taken from the original application forms, as supplied by donors.
Biographical information is used to prepare news releases and respond to media inquiries.
Biographical information precedes each featured article .
Biographical information provides facts about a person's life.
Biographical information tends to be brief.
All biographical information is derived from material in the collection.
More biographical information is included in the index.
More biographical information is linked to the name of each faculty member.
Much biographical information is found in reference books.
Some biographical information is also available from a site in England.
Some biographical information is available on the Internet.
Some biographical information is given, with bibliographies and critical studies on each.
Some biographical information is included.
Some biographical information is provided for a portion of the entries.
Biographical letters are a good way to start.
Biographical material covers subjects ranging from the Old West to Israel.
Biographical material indicates an astonishing parallel in the early lives of the two men.
Biographical material is arranged chronologically.
Biographical materials are present as well.
Most biographical movies look at their subjects from the outside in.
Biographical notes are available on request to members of the media.
Biographical notes are easy to find in the index.
Biographical notes introduce each author.
Biographical notes provide background on the authors of most articles.
Biographical overviews are available for each management team member by clicking on the names below.
Biographical questions are good icebreakers.
Biographical readings can distract from the text at hand or encourage naive, reductionist readings.
Biographical references follow entries.
Biographical resources follow the general form of other reference tools.
Biographical resources provide about individuals.
Biographical section gives sketches of world government leaders.
Biographical section is in interview format.
Biographical sketches are available upon request.
Biographical sketches are different.
Biographical sketches are for most notable performers, composers, and patrons of music.
Biographical sketches comprise the bulk of the study.
Biographical sketches contain brief bibliographies.
Biographical sketches introduce the people who have significantly contributed to the field.
Biographical sketches provide thorough discussion of the role of major players in the conflict.
Biographical sources are another way to approach a question.
Biographical sources provide information about people's lives.
Biographical sources vary as to how much detailed coverage provided.
Biographical texts are from Pali writings.
Biographical volume has an obituary for the current year.
A biography is history
Biographies abound on the Internet.
Biographies abound, but biographies have rules of their own.
Biographies analyze and interpret the events in a person's life.
Biographies Anguilla Click on a country for a more detailed map, or try our map index.
Biographies appeal to readers because they want to know more about a person or events.
Biographies are a joke.
Biographies are a limitless treasure of leadership research.
Biographies are a very imperfect science.
Biographies are about real people.
Biographies are accessible chronologically and alphabetically.
Biographies are almost non-existent.
Biographies are also weak in terms of people covered.
Biographies are available as a group or individually by selecting the member's name.
Biographies are available as well as career stats, achievements, and awards.
Biographies are available for each instructor doing the demonstration.
Biographies are available forClarinet Quartet members.
Biographies are available in a variety of lengths from books to short paragraphs.
Biographies are available.
Biographies are books.
Biographies are brief but useful.
Biographies are brief, but well written, and use is made of the latest research.
Biographies are brief, but worth a look.
Biographies are complete and have a few grammatical errors.
Biographies are cool.
Biographies are currently in German only.
Biographies are generally short and only describe literary life.
Biographies are good examples of the type of nonfiction included.
Biographies are hard to write.
Biographies are history.
Biographies are hot right now - on the tube, in film, in print.
Biographies are in a separate listing.
Biographies are in rough chronological order.
Biographies are information resources about the lives of people.
Biographies are laudatory.
Biographies are lengthy, signed, and carry extensive bibliographies.
Biographies are located in libraries.
Biographies are now in the fourth volume as a unit rather than mixed with subject entries.
Biographies are of varying lengths.
Biographies are rare, but their stories are out there.
Biographies are short but informative and most include pictures.
Biographies are short with an emphasis on the person s significance.
Biographies are some of the best teachers.
Biographies are still in process of completion, but many are there already.
Biographies are the most common method to finding out the details of a story.
Biographies are under the articles link.
Biographies are usually one paragraph and generally give the names of all family members.
Biographies are usually very interesting and informative to read.
Biographies are valuable tools to study heroes.
Biographies are varied in detail.
Biographies are very nicely indexed.
Biographies are well organized, both by county and by surname.
Biographies arrive daily.
Biographies can be short or book-length.
Biographies can be voluminous tomes, or short and sweet.
Biographies can complicate research.
Biographies can do that.
Biographies can show children how subjects handled the pressure of peers and society.
Biographies Click on a name to view their biography.
Biographies Click on button to enter database.
Biographies Click on names for biographies.
Biographies Click on the gavel for information about our litigation services .
Biographies conclude with brief bibliographies.
Biographies constitute a tactical standstill, a drama without movement.
Biographies cover all time periods and subject areas.
Biographies cover historical as well as contemporary architects.
Biographies cover people from all walks of life from colonial times to present.
Biographies cover people from all walks of life from colonial times to the present.
Biographies d'artistes djiboutiens.
Biographies detail important events, successes, and milestones of a life.
Biographies Find biographies of famous people.
Biographies Find out about different people.
Biographies Get the scoop on each member.
Biographies help kids understand various career paths.
Biographies hold the potential of serving as a bridge in reading tastes.
Biographies includes portraits and bibliography links.
Biographies inform children of heroes who can profoundly influence their lives in a number of ways.
Biographies invariably are of politicians and high-ranking officers.
Biographies Learn more about our investment banking professionals below.
Biographies lend themselves to weak research, boring prose, and plagiarism.
Biographies make for interesting reading.
Biographies make strange bedfellows.
Biographies Meet our musicians. . . . .
Biographies now feature employees from any state agency that are working with technology.
Biographies offers historical biographies.
Biographies outline each elephant's date and place of birth, background and favorite activities.
Biographies Pick any explorer on the list.
Biographies please both kinds of readers and a child-centered book always holds appeal.
Biographies provide information about a person's life and works.
Biographies provide information about early colonists and their lives.
Biographies provide valuable background on performers.
Biographies Provides biographical information on authors including short story authors.
Biographies Provides links to biography web sites.
Biographies range from one paragraph to a page.
Biographies Read about the important figures in African American history.
Biographies Read biographies and information about our leaders.
Biographies Read various historical accounts of Buddy from birth to death.
Biographies share information, while queries seek information.
Biographies suffer an inherent difficulty when transposed to film.
Biographies take a much longer time.
Biographies There are also several biographies on the Web .
Biography profiles famous actors, actresses, political leaders, and historical figures.
Biography profiles famous people ranging from actors and actresses to political leaders.
Biographies usually start with the subject's parentage and birth.
All biographies are American unless otherwise indicated.
All biographies are American unless otherwise noted.
All biographies are exercises in fancy, equal parts guesswork, mystery, desire, and longing.
All biographies are of contemporary prominent women.
All biographies are on the same page, eliminating multiple links.
All biographies belong in the parafiction files.
All biographies have references following.
Every biography is followed by a newspaper lesson.
More biographies continue to be added.
Most biographies also provide links to other related sites.
Most biographies are staid and boring.
Most biographies skip or soften the bad and often overstate the good.
Most biographies stand in isolation.
Some biographies accompany the portraits.
Some biographies are available.
Some biographies are long, others are much shorter.
Some biographies are more complete than others simply because there was more material available.
Some biographies are online.
Some biographies contain links to additional online information.
Some biographies go on and on.
Some biographies have lists of ancestors and descendants as well as other interesting information.
Some biographies list children, siblings, parents, occupations and other information.
Some biography is part of our common culture, of course.
Biohazardous materials cause infections.
Biohazardous materials require special safety precautions and procedures.
All biohazardous waste is disposed of through a federally licensed waste company.
Bioinformatic approaches complement our study of the limits of life.
Bioinorganic chemistry is a relatively new, vigorously pursued, vibrant research area.
Biointensive gardening combines French Intensive crop raising with biodynamic practices.
Biolistic transformation tends to give more transformant lines with multible copies .
Biologic determinism is by definition a belief.
Biologic failure describes an inability of the cellular capacity to respond to joint stress.
Biological activities include effects.
Biological activities include stimulant effects.
Biological activity is most prevalent near the soil surface in the aerobic zone.
Biological activity is preserved.
Biological activity requires adequate organic matter to flourish.
All biological activity is halted by filtering and pasteurising.
Many biological activities depend on wavelengths of visible light.
Biological adaptation occurs at the genetic level and requires at least one reproductive cycle.
Biological additives are cultures of harmless bacteria, plus waste-digesting enzymes.
Biological age is an objective assessment of a person's health status.
Biological age is more important than is chronological age.
A biological agent is an agent
Biological agents are agents.
Biological agents are disease-producing germs.
Biological agents are hard to detect in early stages of use.
Biological agents are impressive navigators.
Biological agents are mainly fungi which attack organic material.
Biological agents are most likely to be delivered covertly and by aerosol.
Biological agents are much deadlier, pound for pound, than chemical agents.
Biological agents are often hard to detect.
Biological agents are part of biological weapons.
Biological agents are powerful weapons that can severely weaken a entire nation.
Biological agents can travel through the air and are often invisible.
Biological allergens can trigger asthma.
Biological analogies are useful here.
Biological anthropologists are concerned with the biological and biocultural dimensions of humanity.
Biological anthropologists explore evolution and contemporary human biological diversity.
Biological anthropologists have career opportunities in law enforcement as forensic anthropologists.
Biological anthropologists study a variety of aspects of human evolutionary biology.
Biological anthropologists use dental formulae to classify groups of primates.
Biological anthropology is a subfield dealing with human biology and evolution.
Biological anthropology is a subfield of anthropology dealing with human biology and evolution.
Biological anthropology is anthropology.
Biological anthropology is biology.
Biological anthropology is entirely a scientific study of the human condition.
Biological apatite is much more soluble than hydroxyapatite.
Biological applications are a specialty.
Biological assays are important tools for detecting hazardous materials in water.
Biological assays are important tools for the analysis of toxic compounds in the environment.
Biological assays are necessary to judge the effectiveness of a humate.
Biological assessments are useful in evaluating the integrity of the estuarine system.
Biological assessments provide integrated evaluations of water quality.
Biological attributes refer to the number and types of organisms that inhabit a waterway.
Biological barriers ensure nature's diversity.
Biological behavior ranges from indolent to aggressive.
Biological bonds trump all others, except when a parent has, in the eyes of the law, failed a child.
Biological brain is interconnected by neuron mainly.
Most biological breakdown occurs in the root zone of the crop since more microbes exist there.
Biological catalysts are called enzymes.
Biological catalysts are enzymes.
Biological catalysts are proteins known as enzymes.
Biological catalysts are specific enzymes.
Most biological catalysts are proteins.
Biological change is driven by natural forces.
Biological changes begin immediately but require time to become evident.
Biological changes can affect cognition, which can affect behaviour.
Some biological characteristics account for success.
Some biological characteristics promote success.
Biological chemistry includes the study of enzymes, vitamins, metabolic pathways, and body fluids.
Biological chemistry is wet chemistry.
Biological children love parents.
Most biological children love parents.
Biological circuits work on currents as low as one nanoampere.
Biological classification belongs to the science of zoological systematics .
Biological classification involves the same sort of hierarchies.
Biological classification is a method for grouping and categorizing species of organisms.
Biological classification is a system used by scientists to describe organisms, or living things.
Biological classification is based on how organisms are related.
Biological classification works a bit like the library does.
Biological classification works the same way.
Biological classifications are based on how organisms are related.
Biological classifications indicate how organisms are related.
Some biological classifications have roots.
A biological clock is a mechanism
Biological clocks act through hormones to control the pace of aging.
Biological clocks are mechanisms.
Biological clocks can exist in different parts of the cell in countless cells.
Biological clocks deals with the subject of the rhythms of life daily and seasonal.
Biological clocks exist inside most of the world's organisms.
Biological clocks fly into view.
Biological clocks help plants to maintain a steady and constant growth progression.
Biological clocks mark the passage of time in electrical and chemical events.
Biological clocks run in association with chromosomes shortening over time.
Some biological clocks control long cycles.
Some biological clocks keep track of daily cycles.
Many biological collections remain largely unsorted by species or groups.
Biological communities are to be found everywhere.
Biological communities contribute to success.
Most biological communities contribute to success.
Some biological communities live in regions.
Biological competition takes place mainly among members of the same species, who have similar needs.
Biological concepts have important limitations.
Biological concepts have limitations.
Most biological concepts have important limitations.
Most biological concepts have limitations.
Some biological concepts rely on reproduction.
Biological concerns are important too.
Biological conductors are very bad comparing to metal wires.
Biological constraints are due to the limitations of human articulatory-motor production.
Biological constraints predispose organisms to learn associations that are naturally adaptive.
Biological contaminants are also a concern.
Biological contaminants are capable of causing health problems for anyone.
Biological contaminants are or are produced by living things.
Biological contaminants can come from both outside and inside the home.
Biological contaminants can crosscommunicate infectious agents from one person to another.
Biological contaminants originate from living things or are themselves living things.
Biological contaminants require moisture in order to thrive and remain potent.
Biological content is a manifestation of biological thinking.
Biological content is linked to six major concepts, each of which forms the core of one unit.
Biological control methods include introductions.
Biological control affects a whole cycle of life over time.
Biological control appears to be an ideal choice for pest control.
Biological control can be a realistic option for herb growers.
Biological control can be an effective, environmentally sound method of managing pests.
Biological control can be another important way to manage soil-inhabiting insect pests.
Biological control can only be effective if natural enemies are present.
Biological control can reduce the use of pesticides.
Biological control has vast advantages to agriculturists, the environment, and the local homeowner.
Biological control includes the introduction of herbivore fish, insects or pathogens into the water.
Biological control is a form of manipulating nature to achieve a desired effect.
Biological control is a logical and important tool to the agricultural industry.
Biological control is a method being used in many artificial ponds to control aquatic plant growth.
Biological control is a solution that is often offered by consultants to the Namibian government.
Biological control is an alternative to using chemical herbicides.
Biological control is an approach to reducing populations of harmful organisms with natural enemies.
Biological control is an important area of research into weed control.
Biological control is an important component of integrated pest management of stored grain.
Biological control is an important strategy for the management of mite pests.
Biological control is an indispensable component of an integrated pest management strategy.
Biological control is another alternative.
Biological control is another option that has had success in a number of Florida greenhouses.
Biological control is another possible option.
Biological control is at a crossroads.
Biological control is at the core of our activities.
Biological control is developed and enhanced through the use of plant feeding insects and pathogens.
Biological control is discussed in more detail in a following section.
Biological control is ecologically sustainable.
Biological control is economically sustainable.
Biological control is effective and economical alternative.
Biological control is feasible and the search for natural control agents is on-going.
Biological control is feasible, less costly, and reduces health or environmental risks.
Biological control is just one of several options that are currently being assessed.
Biological control is just one of the tools that are available and can be used.
Biological control is limited to the introduction of mosquito fish, Gambusia affinis .
Biological control is never successful.
Biological control is often possible.
Biological control is still in the early research stage.
Biological control is the best long-term solution.
Biological control is the control of weeds with plant pathogens or insects.
Biological control is the intentional manipulation of natural enemies to limit pest populations.
Biological control is the intentional use of natural enemies by humans to control pest populations.
Biological control is the last remaining hope.
Biological control is the most feasible and cost-effective method to control christmasberry.
Biological control is the only long-term solution.
Biological control is the practical use of natural enemies to manage pests.
Biological control is the use of a specially chosen living organism to control a specific pest.
Biological control is the use of an organism to disrupt weed growth.
Biological control is the use of another living organism to eat, kill, or otherwise harm a pest.
Biological control is the use of natural enemies of an organism to control that organism.
Biological control is the use of natural enemies to control pests.
Biological control is the use of one organism to suppress another.
Biological control is the use of other insects or pathogens to control economic pests.
Biological control is under study and a number of insect species are being evaluated in Australia.
Biological control is used for pests that are exotic but established .
Biological control is used to eradicate mosquito infestations.
Biological control is usually specific to a particular pest organism.
Biological control is viewed as the best long-term strategy for managing the weed.
Biological control means regulating pests via their natural enemies.
Biological control means using natural enemies of the pest, like lady bugs to control aphids.
Biological control means using natural enemies to pests.
Biological control means using natural methods to get rid of pests , instead of using poisons .
Biological control means using natural methods to get rid of pests, instead of using poisons.
Biological control offers a highly promising management tactic for leafy spurge.
Biological control offers good prospects.
Biological control offers hope of a permanent solution to the problem.
Biological control offers no quick solution to the problem of agricultural and environmental weeds.
Biological control offers stable, long-term solutions to weed problems across the province.
Biological control offers the most likely success in management of the weevil.
Biological control offers the potential of controlling the weeds in a safe, cost effective method.
Biological control relies on populations of the weed and the agent to maintain the system.
Biological control seems possible in very controlled environments.
Biological control seems to be a bright light on the horizon.
Biological control seems to be the most appealing method of tackling the problem.
Biological control takes a little more management and planning.
Biological control takes motivation, patience, and knowledge, but the rewards can be great.
Biological control takes place slowly in most cases.
Biological control targets specific pests with just as specific controls.
Biological control uses birds, insects, viruses, bacteria, fungi, etc.
Biological control uses fish and other predators to eat the larvae.
Biological control uses naturally occurring diseases, parasites and predators to control pests.
Biological control uses pathogens, predators, or parasitoids.
Biological control using fungi, vaccination, and use of good nutrition are options for the future.
Biological control using natural predators is a more effective, long-term solution to pest control.
Biological control using parasites is generally pest-specific.
Biological control utilizes living organisms to reduce pest populations.
Biological control works overseas but needs research input in Australia.
Biological controls are a good option, particularly for caterpillar pests.
Biological controls are also available for some weeds.
Biological controls are also commercially available for a number of greenhouse pests.
Biological controls are available but their success has been limited.
Biological controls are encourages when the opportunity presents itself.
Biological controls are invasions.
Biological controls are opposed by beekeepers in both states.
Biological controls are unknown in Florida, and mechanical controls are mowing and excavation.
Biological controls are widely available or constructible.
Biological controls can be effective against whiteflies, especially in a greenhouse environment.
Biological controls can be part of a system.
Biological controls help reduce the amount of chemical pesticides released in the environment.
Biological controls rely on predators and parasites to keep organisms under control.
Biological controls seem to combine the best of both organic methods and chemical pesticides.
Biological controls use natural enemies to a pest, for example, mites that feed on mite pests.
Biological controls use other organisms to eliminate problem pests.
Some biological controls are commercially available.
Some biological controls prey on only one or a few related species.
Biological creatures move through the world with little apparent effort.
Biological criminologists assert that criminal behavior is spawned from a lack of mental capacity.
Biological criteria are benchmarks for water resource protection and management decision making.
Biological criteria can also serve as a means for relative dating.
Biological criteria complement current pro-grams.
Biological criteria provide an integrative assessment over time.
Biological crust forms barriers.
Biological crust forms physical barriers.
Biological crusts are different than chemical or physical crusts.
Most biological crust forms physical barriers.
Biological culture affects the behavior of people through structure of the human body.
Biological damage occurs when soils are deprived of their nutrients, organic matter or humus.
Biological databases continue to grow rapidly.
Many Biological databases are available electronically.
Most biological databases are accessible through the Web.
Most biological databases offer application specific software tools for data analyses.
Biological data are critical to the development of rational conservation strategies.
Biological data indicate that browns reach trophy proportions after two growing season in the lake.
Biological data measure the health of aquatic communities.
All biological data is served as .html files.
Biological death is permanent brain death due to lack of oxygen.
All biological decay is deterred by lower relative humidities.
Some biological decomposition follows disturbances.
Biological decontamination is physically and chemically complex.
Biological deterioration is damage caused by living organisms such as insects, bacteria and mold.
Biological deterioration is faster than weathering.
Biological deterioration is found principally in the form of insects and fungi.
Biological deterioration is the fourth form of paper products deterioration.
Biological determinants can include damage to the brain and abnormal levels of hormones.
Biological determinism is deeply fatalistic.
Biological determinism is the theory that our thinking is limited by our racial genetics.
Biological differences come to bear many extra and arbitrary learned, cultural behaviors and habits.
Biological differences exist between the sexes.
Biological differences make women athletes more susceptible to injuring ligaments in their knees.
Biological disaster hits Africa.
All biological disciplines are basic sciences, but each one also has practical applications.
Biological distinctions are quite minor compared with the commonalties at the biological level.
Biological diversity abounds here.
Biological diversity can sound like a complicated concept.
Biological diversity evokes a sense of amazement and humility.
Biological diversity exists on other levels than just the sheer numbers of species.
Biological diversity includes ecosystem diversity, species diversity, and genetic diversity.
Biological diversity is a buffer against environmental change and uncertain events.
Biological diversity is a key factor in preserving our environment for future generations.
Biological diversity is a storehouse of natural invention.
Biological diversity is acceptable as fact, but proof is lacking for evolution.
Biological diversity is another busy intersection of global and local priorities.
Biological diversity is critical to the well-being of Alaska's natural resources and people.
Biological diversity is dependent on natural disturbance.
Biological diversity is essential to human welfare.
Biological diversity is extremely high.
Biological diversity is impacted by habitat loss and land fragmentation.
Biological diversity is important for many reasons.
Biological diversity is important to humans.
Biological diversity is important to people in many ways.
Biological diversity is no luxury.
Biological diversity is of direct importance to the future of all countries.
Biological diversity is protected.
Biological diversity is seen as essential for making biotechnology useful.
Biological diversity is so much more than a head count of species.
Biological diversity is the basis for agriculture, forestry and fisheries.
Biological diversity is the key to adaptation to changes.
Biological diversity is thus a form of insurance.
Biological diversity is under assault in virtually every kind of habitat, terrestrial or aquatic.
Biological diversity is used instead.
Biological diversity occurs at spatial scales that range from local through regional to global.
Biological diversity refers to taxonomic, genetic, and ecological diversity.
Some biological diversity has components.
Some biological diversity has spatial components.
Biological effects are profound and tragic.
Biological effects associated with chemical contaminants are greatest in estuaries.
Some biological effects lead to modification.
Biological energies interact with environmental energies.
Biological engineers have a variety of job possibilities upon graduation.
Biological engineering is part of that.
Biological enzymes are indispensable in food and textile production.
Biological evidence indicates considerable differences.
Biological evidence indicates demographic differences.
Biological evidence indicates differences.
Biological evidence suggests that in other systems, multiple chemical cues are involved.
Most biological evidence indicates considerable differences.
Most biological evidence indicates demographic differences.
Most biological evidence indicates differences.
Biological evolution appears to develop from the simple to the complex.
Biological evolution can be gradual or punctuated.
Biological evolution causes the higher order of human intelligence to come into being.
Biological evolution concerns changes in living things during the history of life on earth.
Biological evolution concerns changes in living things during the history of life on Earth.
Biological evolution creates new species.
Biological evolution demands genetic variability.
Biological evolution happens when cells are reprogrammed.
Biological evolution has a much longer and more bizarre history than human culture can boast of.
Biological evolution is a change in the frequency of genes in a population over time.
Biological evolution is a change in the genetic characteristics of a population over time.
Biological evolution is a damn good engineer.
Biological evolution is a process of descent with modification.
Biological evolution is a theory which refers to changes or adaptations of organisms over time.
Biological evolution is blind, but corporate evolution can be directed.
Biological evolution is caused by natural selection.
Biological evolution is change in the characteristics of living organisms over generations.
Biological evolution is descent with modification.
Biological evolution is essentially dead.
Biological evolution is myopic.
Biological evolution is one of the strongest scientific theories known.
Biological evolution is one such evolutionary process.
Biological evolution is silent on the future.
Biological evolution is slow, but has operated over a vast period of time.
Biological evolution is slow, while corporate evolution is fast.
Biological evolution is the phenotypic transformation of organisms through time.
Biological evolution is the process responsible for the way organisms look, function, and act.
Biological evolution is, indeed, an example of such necessity and openness of process.
Biological evolution occurs through natural selection.
Biological evolution provides the explanation for how populations and species change through time.
Biological evolution refers to changes in successive generations of a species.
Biological evolution represents change but by no means always desirable change.
Biological evolution requires reproducing entities that form lineages.
Biological evolution results from changes over time in the genetic constitution of species.
Biological evolution takes aeons.
Biological evolution takes millions of years.
Some biological evolution follows different patterns.
Some biological evolution follows patterns.
Some biological evolution follows several different patterns.
Some biological evolution leads to complexity.
Some biological evolution leads to immense complexity.
Many biological experiments are also in the conceptual stage.
Most biological experiments use aqueous solutions hence plastic lab-wear is perfectly satisfactory.
Some biological experiments show irons.
Biological extinction is an immediate threat.
Every biological fact has a story behind it.
Biological factors are also possible.
Biological factors can also cause depression.
Biological factors determine sexual orientation.
Biological factors influence distribution.
Biological factors involve information about target pests on each site or crop.
Biological factors make heroin so addictive that it's notoriously difficult to stop.
Biological factors play their significant roles very early in a tree's life cycle.
Biological factors seem to play a major role in producing Bipolar Affective Disorder.
Many biological factors contribute to disperse the larvae on the pasture.
Some biological factors affect excretion.
Some biological factors cause expansion.
Biological farmers find that with good soil conditions, they have fewer weed pests and diseases.
Biological father has a history of depression and is currently on medication.
Biological father is given no notice or opportunity to provide income verification.
Biological father lives in another state.
Biological fathers are fathers.
Biological fathers are male animals.
Biological fathers are parents.
Biological fathers are the least likely source of abuse for their children.
Biological fathers are, in fact, very important for the healthy development of children.
Biological feedbacks can, like clouds, work both ways.
Biological filters contain many bacteria themselves.
Biological filters convert toxic ammonia, from fish waste, to non-toxic nitrate.
Biological filters help nature eliminate toxins in the water, such as ammonia.
Biological filters work well and require very little pressure.
Most biological filters are also mechanical filters depending on how they are used.
Biological filtration breaks down harmful organic components into harmless ones.
Biological filtration comes in a variety of forms.
Biological filtration is a natural means of removing toxic ammonia based wastes from the aquarium.
Biological filtration is absolutely necessary in any aquatic ecosystem.
Biological filtration is arguably the most important of the three.
Biological filtration is essential and needs to be adequately established.
Biological filtration is important to convert harmful nitrogenous waste into less harmful compounds.
Biological filtration is possible if proper mediums are used such as foam or a gravel stock.
Biological filtration is the cornerstone of a marine aquarium.
Biological filtration is the critical filtration component in every aquarium.
Biological filtration makes the water healthy for pond life.
Biological filtration requires the use of beneficial bacteria.
Biological filtration works on a different level.
Biological fitness is measured as number of offspring.
Some biological fixation occurs in legume plants.
Some biological fixation occurs in plants.
Many biological forms are complex.
Biological function does come down eventually to the protein level.
Biological function emerges primarily from protein molecules.
Biological functions relate to bone metabolism.
Biological functions relate to metabolism.
Many biological functions are rhythmic such as heartbeat and breathing.
Many biological functions are rhythmic such as the short rhythms of breathing and heartbeat.
Many biological functions depend on the interaction of small organized groups of proteins.
Most biological functions relate to bone metabolism.
Most biological functions relate to metabolism.
Biological genocide is now in full swing.
Biological globalization is also a concern.
Biological growth is physical growth.
Biological growth occurs much more rapidly in seawater and in a warm location.
Biological growth takes place when babies are born to church members.
Biological growths provoke asthma or flu-like symptoms in many people.
Biological hazards can refer to a diverse array of disease and infestation.
Biological hazards come from molds, fungi, bacteria, and insects.
Biological heart valves.
Biological homeostasis is an example.
Biological hypotheses concern variation.
Biological identification comes with experience.
Biological illustration is based on precise rendering.
Biological illustration is more useful than photography for some purposes.
Biological immortality is a possibility even today.
Some biological impacts are well known, however, and can be anticipated.
Biological improvement is the cornerstone and starting point for the west development.
Biological indicators are organisms, which are very sensitive to their environment.
Biological indicators are the most accurate sterilization indicators.
Biological information is extremely diverse, complex, and changes rapidly.
Biological information is given when requested.
Biological information is integrated with other scientific information.
Biological information is replicated as the two strands are separated.
Biological information is unknown.
Much biological information is disseminated among scientists as unstructured text.
Biological inoculants can be difficult to store because they are living organisms.
Biological inquiry encompasses perspectives from the planetary to the submicroscopic.
Biological insecticides are a safe and effective alternative to chemical agents.
Biological insecticides are effective treatments.
Biological integrity is the number one priority for individuals, and for our species.
Biological integrity is, in essence, the sum of all the parts of the natural system.
Biological interactions are the effects that the organisms in a community have on one another.
Biological invaders are especially a problem in regions where extensive international trade occurs.
Biological invaders can even occasionally prove fatal.
Biological invaders sweep in .
Biological invaders sweep in.
Biological invaders threaten U.S. ecology.
Biological invasion is very complex.
Biological invasions are a major threat to biodiversity.
Biological invasions are well documented phenomena.
Biological invasions can dramatically alter community composition and ecosystem function.
Biological invasions can strongly influence species interactions such as pollination.
Biological invasions carry serious economic and ecological consequences.
Biological invasions occur when a plant or animal finds itself in a new, favorable environment.
Biological invasions represent a relevant ecological and economic problem of our globalized world.
Biological inventories determine the status and trends in stream and watershed quality.
Biological islands are of two general types, geographical and ecological.
Biological knowledge is neutral and value free.
Biological knowledge needs to be integrated with personal understanding.
Biological labs tap into horseshoe crabs for their blood.
Biological life is a curiosity shop whose shelves never empty.
Biological life is good.
Biological life is only one species of hyperlife.
Biological links are irreplaceable.
Biological literacy extends beyond memorizing the definitions of scientific terms.
Biological macromolecules are in general long-chain polymers.
Biological macromolecules are in general polymers.
Biological malfunction is another possibility.
Biological men seek marriage, psychologically unevolved men seek friendship .
Biological management involves the use of other living organisms to manage pests.
Biological markers identify early onset anorexia by deliberate self starvation before menarche.
Biological material is at a severe disadvantage when put into contact with radiation.
Biological materials have properties.
All biological material are nonmailable except when properly prepared for mailing.
Most biological materials have properties.
Biological membranes are as fluid as salad oil.
Biological membranes are asymmetric.
Biological membranes are asymmetrical.
Biological membranes are capable of repairing small holes or tears that are made in the membrane.
Biological membranes exhibit asymmetric organization.
Biological membranes govern communication within and between cells.
All biological membranes are selectively permeable.
All biological membranes consist primarily of phospholipids and proteins.
All biological membranes contain both lipids and proteins.
All biological membranes contain lipids as the major constituent.
Most biological membranes have quite different permeabilities for the biologically important ions.
Biological methods are limited to the use of a species-specific insect or disease.
Biological methods are usually relatively safe, economical, and long-term pest management tactics.
Biological methods include introductions.
Biological methods involve the use of insects or diseases to control weeds.
Biological models emphasize genetic and physiological processes as causes of alcohol dependence.
Biological models fall under a wide variety of groups.
Biological models show that overdominance can maintain diversity at that location.
Biological modifiers can also enhance the body's immunity toward cancer cells.
Biological molecules absorb light at specific wavelengths of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Biological molecules constitute the thematic rock upon which the exhibit is founded.
Most biological molecules have a natural positive or negative charge.
Biological monitoring can also indicate the presence of problems that extend over time.
Biological monitoring involves monitoring for macroinvertebrates.
Biological monitoring is a part of the medical monitoring program.
Biological monitoring is specific to the type of exposure suspected.
Most biological monitoring focuses on some measure of the status of a target organism.
Biological mother is in agreement, and biological father's whereabouts are unknown.
Biological mother lives in another state.
Biological mothers are female animals.
Biological mothers are mothers.
Biological mothers are parents.
Biological mothers care for infants.
All biological mothers are fit, period.
Most biological mothers care for infants.
Some biological mothers are cared for babies.
Some biological mothers are cared for new babies.
Some biological mothers are willing to nurse the baby for the first few days.
Some biological mothers have interest.
Biological needs are extremely difficult to deny or ignore.
Biological nodes are a thickening, like where leaves or buds form on plants.
Biological oceanographers investigate marine organisms and their relationship to the environment.
Biological oceanographers study marine life.
Biological order is based on the information present in all cells.
Biological organisms behave differently under different conditions.
Biological organisms have health.
Biological organisms reproduce.
Biological organisms use many mechanisms of change.
Most biological organisms have health.
Biological parents can seek to have adoption records unsealed in New York state.
Biological parents enter families.
Biological parents have legal rights regarding children.
Biological parents love children.
Biological parents take active roles.
Biological parents take roles.
Biological parents to support children.
Most biological parents enter families.
Most biological parents love children.
Most biological parents take active roles.
Most biological parents take roles.
Biological parts are delicate and invariably suffer from breakdown.
Biological pathogens remain a far more serious challenge to public health than do chemicals.
Biological pesticides are less toxic to plants and humans than their synthetic counterparts.
Biological pesticides can be a safe and less expensive way to control pests.
All biological phenomena have a molecular basis.
Biological physics is almost as wide as physics itself.
Biological pigments are pigments produced by living organisms.
Biological plant beats cold.
Biological poisons are the primitive man's form of explosive.
Biological pollutants can cause allergic reactions.
Biological pollutants can grow on water-damaged carpet.
Biological pollution is a global issue.
Biological pollution is the single most underestimated threat to sustainability.
Biological populations are always finite in size.
Biological populations bring in a greater level of complexity and uncertainty beyond the organism.
Biological potency is determined using a cell proliferation bioassay.
Biological potential is limited by the quality of the structure of the habitat.
Biological pregnancy is the product of human love.
Biological principles are the basis for DNA computing.
Biological principles describe the way the world is .
Biological problems seem sooner or later to yield to mathematical formulations.
A biological process is a physical process
Biological process is a biological objective.
Biological processes are biological processes.
Biological processes are chemical in nature.
Biological processes are physical events.
Biological processes are subject to natural fluctuations and chaotic rhythms.
Biological processes can also be a-historical.
Biological processes offer engineers plenitude of new areas to look into and learn from.
Biological processes produce minimal sludge quantities.
Biological processes provide or improve goods and services such as food and drugs.
Biological processes require minimal, or no solution pretreatment.
Biological processes transform mercury in the water into more toxic methylmercury.
Biological processes use economical agricultural-based products for bacterial nutrients.
Biological processes use the metabolism of entire cells to degrade contaminants.
All biological processes depend on soil water and temperature conditions.
All biological processes follow the laws of physics and chemistry.
All biological processes result from integrated and concerted molecular events.
Every biological process is regulated by several different control mechanisms.
Many biological processes have a computational aspect.
Many biological processes operate in surface water, destroying contaminants.
Many biological processes set in motion by people release carbon dioxide.
Most biological processes demand a concerted action of more than one protein.
Biological products work by increasing the rate of bacterial digestion in the system.
Most biological products have a provisional licence for sale in Canada.
Biological production refers to the amount of plant material that grows in an area.
Biological protection is available through hybrids.
Biological psychiatry is boring.
Biological psychiatry says all the traits that children display are determined by brain activity.
Biological psychology is one of a group of brain sciences called the neurosciences.
Biological races are organic in nature and use existing population to create even more population.
Most biological reactions are chain reactions.
Most biological reactions are parts of complex chains.
Most biological reactions proceed at very slow rates under normal conditions.
Most biological reactions require enzymes.
Biological records are sightings of plants and animals made within the county.
Biological rehabilitation emphasizes planting native grasses, forbs, shrubs, and trees.
Biological remedies work best as precautionary, preventive treatments.
Biological repairs require gradually rebuilding.
Biological replication is extremely accurate.
Biological research examines pathological, biochemical and genetic aspects of the dementias.
Biological research focuses on marine aquaculture with an emphasis on oyster reproduction.
Biological research involves studying the performance of living things.
Biological research is a detailed description of living matter.
Biological research is a research project
Biological research is broadly based and has an ecological emphasis.
Biological research is carried out using experimental animals such as mice and rats.
Biological research is required of majors.
Biological research is scientific research.
Biological research is the scientific study of any form of life.
Biological research needs for submersible access to the greatest ocean depths.
Much biological research is done with tissue cultures rather than with whole organs or organisms.
Biological reserves provide a habitat and propagate animals that are threatened with extinction.
Biological responses measured include changes in distribution, abundance and growth rate.
Biological rhythms are of two general types.
Biological rhythms are quite an issue and have been widely studied in all kinds of organisms.
Biological rhythms are ubiquitous in nature and occur on several temporal scales.
Most biological rhythms have a period of ca .
Biological samples display a lot of symmetry.
Biological samples include blood.
Biological samples reveal a significant number of residents have high blood PCB levels.
A biological science is a life science
Biological science is built upon classifying distinctions among organisms.
Biological science is now one of the major areas of focus of scientific research worldwide.
Biological science offers no adequate answers.
Biological science seems to be taught as if it is concerned only with what happens on Earth.
Biological sciences are the basic foundation for many professions.
Biological scientists study living organisms and their relationship to their environment.
Biological scientists study the living world and how it works.
Some biological scientists depend on grant money to support their research.
Biological sediments play a role.
Biological sex is determined by the father's contribution to the twenty-third pair of chromosomes.
Biological sex is usually easy to ascertain.
Biological siblings tend to be more alike in intelligence than a child and an adopted sibling.
Many biological signals are in chemical form.
Biological significance is attached to the existence of stable, large-amplitude periodic orbits.
Biological soil crust forms barriers.
Biological soil crust forms physical barriers.
Biological soil crusts and ecosystem nitrogen and carbon dynamics.
Biological soil crusts and ecosystemnitrogen and carbon dynamics.
Biological specimens are by their own nature poor signal emitters.
Biological spores know of no borders and can be carried by the wind very easily.
Biological stress is a more common cause of sudden hair loss.
Biological stress is the nonspecific response of the body to any demand made upon it.
Biological structure gives clues about what it does and how it works.
Biological structures are too complex.
Biological structures show tremendous complexity and diversity at the subcellular level.
Most biological structures have an evolutionary plasticity that makes alternate functions possible.
Some biological structures contain pigment.
Some biological structures prevent growth.
Biological studies prove shallow water habitat to be very productive.
Biological studies provide a foundation for many career fields.
Biological studies relating to physical education include human anatomy, physiology, and nutrition.
Biological studies say men love once and only once, whereas women can duplicate that love.
Biological succession produces profound change here in a mere decade.
Biological supplies including animals, live and preserved.
Biological surveys can offer variety and flexibility in application.
Biological synergism becomes more significant when viewed in the social context of poorer countries.
Biological system are no exceptions.
Biological systems are among the most complex known.
Biological systems are fundamentally warm and wet.
Biological systems are inherently complex and difficult to understand.
Biological systems are much more complex.
Biological systems are of course complex.
Biological systems are often the inspiration for supramolecular research .
Biological systems are often the inspiration for supramolecular research.
Biological systems are simply the most intriguing information processing paradigms.
Biological systems are truly dynamic systems.
Biological systems are warm and wet.
Biological systems can clean polluted water and even extract heavy metals.
Biological systems can undergo snap transformations.
Biological systems evolve.
Biological systems exhibit prominent behaviour at the levels of both individuals and populations.
Biological systems function like radio sets, by coresonance.
Biological systems have a past.
Biological systems make extensive use of such structures.
Biological systems operate at a level of complexity that continually astounds the student.
Biological systems pose unique engineering problems.
Biological systems provide for a rich arena in which such phenomena can have great effect.
Biological systems respond to stress by adapting.
Biological systems suffer diminished capacity to renew themselves.
Biological systems use crystal protein synthesis to record data.
All biological systems are full of similar examples.
All biological systems differ.
All biological systems have inherent variation.
All biological systems require water to be transported through cell membranes .
All biological systems start with the basic building block of a cell.
Many biological systems give rise to phenomena at overlapping spatial-temporal scales.
Most biological systems have a low tolerance for high temperatures.
Biological syzygies can affect human welfare in amazingly complicated ways.
Biological technicians gather and prepare biological samples for laboratory analysis.
Biological technicians prepare samples for further testing.
Biological technicians work in many research areas.
Biological technicians work together on teams under the direction of biologists or other scientists.
Biological technicians work with biologists .
Biological technicians work with biologists studying living organisms.
Biological technicians work with biologists, studying living organisms.
Most biological technicians gain laboratory experience while in school.
Most biological technicians work in laboratories.
Most biological technicians work on teams.
Biological terrorism is a terrorist act
Biological terrorism offers that opportunity.
Biological terrorism poses unique challenges in defense, public health, and law enforcement.
Biological theories consider the brain to be the locus of personality.
Biological theories describe neurochemical linkage to violent behavior.
Biological theories hold that some differences are wired in at birth.
Biological therapy has definite anticancer activity.
Biological therapy helps the body's immune system to destroy cancer cells.
Biological therapy involves cytokines, or proteins that activate the immune system in a general way.
Biological therapy is a treatment that uses the body s own immune system to fight cancer.
Biological therapy is a treatment that uses the body's own immune system to fight cancer.
Biological therapy is one treatment being studied.
Biological therapy tries to get the body to fight cancer.
Biological therapy tries to get the body to fight disease.
Biological therapy tries to get the body to fight the cancer.
Biological therapy tries to get the patient's body to fight the cancer.
Biological therapy uses the body's immune system to fight cancer.
Biological therapy uses the body's own immune system to fight cancer cells.
Biological tissues are elastic too.
Some biological tissue produces heat.
Biological tools show promise in the destruction of maggots plaguing onion crops.
Biological topics are a major theme of the meeting.
Biological toxins are some of the most toxic substances known.
Biological transmission requires a period of incubation of the trypanosomes within the tsetse host.
Biological treatment consists of micro-organisms eating the organics in the presence of oxygen.
Biological treatment includes activated sludge, clarification, and aerobic digestion.
Biological treatment tries to get the body to fight cancer.
Biological treatment tries to help the body to fight cancer or infections.
Biological treatments use natural enemies of the weed for control.
Biological truth is universal.
Biological units are inherently inferior.
Biological value is a measure of the food nitrogen in protein that the body retains.
Biological valves are usually from a pig, cow, or human cadaver.
Biological variability is very evident.
Many biological variables have approximately normal distributions.
Biological variation is limited within the boundaries of the originally created kinds.
Biological variation is one of the great mysteries of humanity.
Biological virus is a fragment of DNA inside protective jacket.
Biological viruses are similar.
Biological vision is modeled as a massive dynamical system.
Biological war is way cheaper than thermonuclear bombs and way harder to trace.
Biological warfare can be richly ambiguous.
Biological warfare is a growing concern throughout the international security community.
Biological warfare is a major focus of U.S. military activities.
Biological warfare is a terrifying possibility.
Biological warfare is nothing new to the human race.
Biological warfare is war
Biological warfare is war.
Biological waste is considered to be any carcass, tissue, blood, blood product, or body part.
Biological waste is incinerated as needed.
Biological waste is segregated from routine waste.
A biological weapon is a weapon
Biological weapons are a disgrace to biology.
Biological weapons are also illegal.
Biological weapons are among the most dangerous weapons in the world today.
Biological weapons are an ethical and scientific abomination, a disgrace to biology.
Biological weapons are even cheaper, and have an even greater effect.
Biological weapons are even harder to control.
Biological weapons are extremely difficult to make.
Biological weapons are germs.
Biological weapons are immensely destructive.
Biological weapons are in essence a medical problem, and thus require a medical solution.
Biological weapons are in the world.
Biological weapons are inexpensive and accessible.
Biological weapons are lethal, ideal for surprise attack, and have tremendous psychological impact.
Biological weapons are natural, including bacteria or viruses.
Biological weapons are pound for pound the most potent weapons that exist.
Biological weapons are relatively cheap to make and wantonly destructive.
Biological weapons are relatively inexpensive and easy to produce.
Biological weapons are surreptitious.
Biological weapons are the massive new threats of the twenty-first century.
Biological weapons are the poor countries weapon of mass destruction.
Biological weapons are very hard to make and deliver.
Biological weapons are weapons.
Biological weapons are well suited for their objectives.
Biological weapons can be hard to make and use, contrary to myth and claim.
Biological weapons can be, and most reliably are, delivered by ballistic missiles.
Biological weapons cause death.
Biological weapons demand enormous technical prowess to use.
Biological weapons have a number of very attractive features for terrorist uses.
Biological weapons offer great destructive opportunity for relatively little risk and investment.
Biological weapons pose challenge for microbiology community.
Biological weapons pose grave dangers.
Most biological weapons cause death.
Biological weaponry is even harder than chemicals to use tactically.
Biological yield refers to total plant dry matter production.
A biologist is a scientist
Biologist are now able to read every human gene, providing a map of the human genes.
Biologist believe that protected areas are the key to the wolf's long term existence.
Biologist claims top pearl.
Biologist develops Vancouver Island-grown pearls.
Biologist dismiss that concern, saying wolves are among the most reclusive of predators.
Biologist holding stadia rod in middle foreground is obscured by mature plants.
Biologist hope that the seven-fish return is a sign of things to come.
Biologist isa scientist.
Biologist say something else is happening, too.
Biologist speak a different language than traditional physical scientists and engineers.
Biologist takes a water sample.
Biologist think similarly, just as computer scientists think similarly.
Biologists accept ideas.
Biologists acknowledge fourth options.
Biologists acknowledge options.
Biologists acknowledge pollution.
Biologists agree that all living things are made of cells.
Biologists agree that ashe juniper is absolutely a last resort food for deer and many other animals.
Biologists allow native fish to continue above the dam, but they destroy non-native fish.
Biologists already know how to make artificial chromosomes that can self destruct on command.
Biologists also agree that coyote populations have no lasting effects on other wildlife populations.
Biologists also agree that natural selection exists and that it contributes to evolution.
Biologists also are concerned about hair loss in black-tailed deer.
Biologists also believe that there are wolves living in the mountains of Mexico.
Biologists also estimate there are more species of nematodes than any other group of organisms.
Biologists also hope they have taught the condors to fear humans.
Biologists also propose to make movies of every gene's activity in the worm's development and life.
Biologists also spend time writing papers and grant proposals.
Biologists also support efforts of citizen water quality monitoring groups around the state.
Biologists also take note of the number of nuisance bear complaints they receive.
Biologists also traverse the sites and count the number of dead pups.
Biologists also use headings and subheadings as organizational tools.
Biologists also use other sciences to research life.
Biologists also use telemetry to study the movements of rattlesnakes and bog turtles.
Biologists also use yeast in many research studies.
Biologists announce success.
Biologists apply knowledge.
Biologists are a different breed.
Biologists are able to count salmon as they use the dams' fish ladders on their way upstream.
Biologists are able to examine the shells to find out what contaminants are present in the water.
Biologists are able to locate and observe the monitor through radio tagging.
Biologists are alarmed by the discoveries because frogs are like environmental sponges.
Biologists are also concerned about cutthroat despite the fish's current status.
Biologists are also worried about the oyster population.
Biologists are available for instruction on the proper care and maintenance of bog habitats.
Biologists are cautious about drawing firm conclusions from the numbers.
Biologists are cautiously optimistic, however, about more recent statistics.
Biologists are concerned about other prey species, however.
Biologists are currently the largest users of the alpha shapes software.
Biologists are eager to explore both.
Biologists are eager to use the natural control of beetles instead of herbicides.
Biologists are explore possibility.
Biologists are in a similar boat, in that they also are a pretty specialized lot.
Biologists are in rapture.
Biologists are inclined to agree that it is, in one sense, everything.
Biologists are interested in decomposing a long sequence into shorter ones.
Biologists are interested in preserving the diversity of living organisms on the planet.
Biologists are interested in the identification of conserved regions in sequences.
Biologists are just glorified engineers since organisms are just machines.
Biologists are more optimistic.
Biologists are most concerned about the Louisiana black bear.
Biologists are never ambiguous about the beginning of the physical life of organisms.
Biologists are no different from anyone else.
Biologists are now at the turn of their century.
Biologists are now the biggest users.
Biologists are on standby.
Biologists are particularly concerned about hardwood draws and the Missouri River bottomland forest.
Biologists are scientists.
Biologists are split on many aspects of evolution.
Biologists are the best in science communication.
Biologists are too focused on one model.
Biologists are unimpressed by that kind of time scale.
Biologists are unsure how the bacteria achieve such precision.
Biologists are very curious about the life around deep-sea vents.
Biologists are very interested in sightings of otters along Blue River.
Biologists are, of course, human.
Biologists argue about the relative importance of random events in evolution.
Biologists arm their defense with relevant, concrete data, understandable to the public.
Biologists assert that bacteria evolved into a human being, a completely different species.
Biologists assess health risks based on body weight, proportion of fat intake, and exercise habits.
Biologists assume biologists understand mathematics, statistics and logic.
Biologists assume that bees minimize the amount of wax they use to build their combs.
Biologists assume that deer killed by hunters are representative of the entire herd.
Biologists attempt to identify similarities due to descent from a common ancestor.
Biologists attempt to isolate environmental factors and measure their effect on a population.
Biologists attribute the low harvest to hot dry weather, making hunting uncomfortable.
Biologists begin to develop recovery plans for state-listed species.
Biologists believe as human population increases, more extinctions occur.
Biologists believe human disturbance was the main cause for the population drop.
Biologists believe it was at least one hundred years old.
Biologists believe killing freezes are the major cause of saguaro deaths in the park.
Biologists believe killing freezes are the number one cause of saguaro deaths in the park.
Biologists believe loss and degradation of habitat is the primary reason the species has declined.
Biologists believe pronghorn vision is roughly equal to looking through eight-power binoculars.
Biologists believe so.
Biologists believe that at least three, and perhaps all four of the young successfully fledged.
Biologists believe that coyote numbers actually increase in the face of predator control programs.
Biologists believe that hatchlings then switch to navigating using a biological magnetic compass.
Biologists believe that host specificity is most likely a by-product of natural selection.
Biologists believe that life originated in water.
Biologists believe that starvation is the leading cause of death for subadult bears.
Biologists believe the disease has resulted in one fish kill in Alabama thus far.
Biologists believe the fish find their natal streams through their uncanny sense of smell.
Biologists believe the fossil record expresses a sequence of life forms that evolved through time.
Biologists believe the greatest human threat they face today is collisions with large ships.
Biologists believe the noise is made by the singing toad-fish, also called the plainfin midshipman.
Biologists believe the phenomenon is an instinctive form of territorial marking behaviour.
Biologists believe toxic chemicals in the water killed the fish.
Biologists blame reduced and degraded habitat as humans continue to convert land to other uses.
Biologists blame the decline on a major predator of the species.
Biologists call it an evolutionary scandal.
Biologists call it endoparasitism , when the invader dwells within.
Biologists call it eutrophication.
Biologists call it natural selection.
Biologists call that phenotypic plasticity.
Biologists call the domino-like chain of events a trophic cascade .
Biologists call the duplication of shapes and behaviors in unrelated animals convergent evolution .
Biologists can also answer questions and direct the public to places to purchase fish.
Biologists can conduct surveys in remote and interesting places.
Biologists can describe the process, and physicians can to some extent control it.
Biologists can discern many similar features between cephalopods and slugs and snails.
Biologists can locate elk from the ground or from an airplane or helicopter.
Biologists can no longer assume that reef fish recruit from one reef to another.
Biologists can only make educated guess and they are chilling.
Biologists can only speculate on why moose are doing so well high above the Arctic Circle.
Biologists capture and tag various fish species for examination of laboratory analysis.
Biologists capture specimens.
Biologists carry out population viability analyses to assess danger of extinction.
Biologists challenge dogma.
Biologists check the structures several times each spring to record nesting success.
Biologists cite the male hormone testosterone as a kick-starter for aggressive behavior in men.
Biologists claim that their preferred water temperature is in the sixties.
Biologists claim the find helps prove the bowhead is the oldest living mammal on earth.
Biologists claim to care about the environment.
Biologists classify animals and plants according to characteristics that they have in common.
Biologists classify ants as a special group of wasps.
Biologists classify plants.
Biologists classify species into a hierarchy of groups.
Biologists classify traits and organisms according to how simple or complex they are.
Biologists collect specimens for laboratory study or make a laboratory analysis of the specimens.
Biologists collect water samples for testing, to directly measure pollution levels.
Biologists come from all over the country to study scrub.
Biologists come into their own when it comes to using software to find out new things.
Biologists compare fish sampling results with angler experiences.
Biologists complete status reviews and analyses for selected species.
Biologists conduct aerial surveys of the nests in spring and summer.
Biologists conduct modern bat surveys by taking digital photos of large bat clusters.
Biologists conduct prescribed burns on the preserve to mimic natural fires.
Biologists conduct research with a concern for ethics.
Biologists conduct studies of the structure and characteristics of humans, plants and animals.
Biologists conduct surveys to locate and protect nesting areas and other key eagle habitats.
Biologists consider animals.
Biologists consider bilateral symmetry to be a marker of developmental stability.
Biologists consider black-footed ferrets to be the most endangered mammal in the United States.
Biologists consider effects.
Biologists consider it a threat to the desert tortoise.
Biologists consider life.
Biologists consider observations.
Biologists consider roles.
Biologists consider the existence of biological evolution to be a fact .
Biologists consider the existence of biological evolution to be a fact.
Biologists continue research there on the eagle's life cycle.
Biologists continue to monitor the population to detect the presence of environmental contaminants.
Biologists continue to monitor the two reintroduced populations of red wolves.
Biologists count manatees from airplanes.
Biologists count the Delta bison herd each year.
Biologists credit a number of factors for setting up the big run.
Biologists credit the higher number of birds counted to the increased census effort.
Biologists deal with millions of species.
Biologists define a species as a population that interbreeds under natural conditions.
Biologists define biodiversity as the totality of species, genes and ecosystems of a region.
Biologists define evolution as a change in the gene pool of a population over time.
Biologists define life by listing characteristics that living things share.
Biologists define life using a body of traits that living organisms share.
Biologists deploy a plankton net to collect and examine some of the smallest creatures of the bay .
Biologists describe evolution.
Biologists deserve a lot of credit for being able to slug it through.
Biologists despise alien species.
Biologists determine compliance.
Biologists determine each year's stocking plans based on surveys, past results and creel counts.
Biologists develop techniques.
Biologists devise ways.
Biologists diagnose dynamical diseases when fractal rhythms fall out of sync.
Biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
Biologists disagree about whether cyclostomes are a clade .
Biologists disagree on whether sage grouse can coexist with domestic grazers.
Biologists disagree over bold signature of nature.
Biologists discuss factors.
Biologists distinguish themselves from MDs.
Biologists divide amphibians into three major groups or Orders.
Biologists do have an explanation for the recurrent nerve.
Biologists do it with clones.
Biologists do know, however, what habitats most wildlife species prefer.
Biologists do research in all areas of health care and pollution control.
Biologists do the same thing with lifeforms.
Biologists document mile trips.
Biologists document the first continuous wolf pack activity in Montana in over half a century.
Biologists document trips.
Biologists drive a route just after sunrise, counting each pheasant they see.
Biologists emphasize scientific theories.
Biologists emphasize theories.
Biologists emphasize true scientific theories.
Biologists employ age determination techniques.
Biologists employ techniques.
Biologists employ the scientific method to study the living world.
Biologists ensure that the plant's impact on local animal populations is minimal.
Biologists estimate animals.
Biologists estimate it takes a million years to produce one inch.
Biologists estimate levels.
Biologists estimate that a strong year class comes along about every five years or so.
Biologists estimate that an adult mountain lion needs a deer a week to survive.
Biologists estimate that an adult mountain lion needs the equivalent of a deer a week to survive.
Biologists estimate that as many as one-third of all human pregnancies spontaneously abort.
Biologists estimate that at least four million doves are found in Ohio each fall.
Biologists estimate that for every coyote killed, there are at least ten more still at large.
Biologists estimate that it had the most powerful bite of any mammal , alive or extinct .
Biologists estimate that it had the most powerful bite of any mammal, alive or extinct.
Biologists estimate that more than half the species occur in the tropical rain forests.
Biologists evaluate effects.
Biologists evaluate factors that affect their distribution, abundance, and survival.
Biologists even have a hard time identifying the sexes.
Biologists examine quality.
Biologists examine temperature.
Biologists examine the behavior of discrete sets of individuals in a population.
Biologists examine the skulls in the pellets to identify the kinds of animals owls are eating.
Biologists expect a quicker rebound.
Biologists expect the alpha pair to mate next spring.
Biologists expect the run to continue to fluctuate in coming years.
Biologists expect to see an increase in the number of lynx, for example, which feed on hare.
Biologists explain behaviour without reference to consciousness.
Biologists explain benefits.
Biologists extol big wilderness as a foundation for ensuring ecological sustainability.
Biologists fight over why.
Biologists find animals.
Biologists find complexity.
Biologists find evidence.
Biologists find interest.
Biologists find it difficult to study wild jaguars because they have become so rare.
Biologists find methods.
Biologists find wholes within wholes, and contexts within ever larger contexts.
Biologists fly over known otter areas and count tracks in the snow.
Biologists focus on diversity.
Biologists focus on evolution.
Biologists follow approaches.
Biologists follow ecological approaches.
Biologists follow in footstep.
Biologists follow rules.
Biologists follow tradition.
Biologists gather enough evidence.
Biologists gather evidence.
Biologists gather information about waterfowl at the annual wing bee.
Biologists generally classify living organisms into one of the five kingdoms illustrated here.
Biologists generally concede that the dolphin has a better brain than a human.
Biologists generally hate to debate creationists.
Biologists generally think that brain size relative to body size relates to intelligence.
Biologists generally work only with compounds they can buy or find in nature.
Biologists get ideas.
Biologists handle dead specimens.
Biologists handle specimens.
Biologists hate philosophers hate historians hate biologists.
Biologists have (part) arms.
Biologists have (part) body substances.
Biologists have (part) cell membranes.
Biologists have (part) cells.
Biologists have (part) corpi.
Biologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Biologists have (part) heads.
Biologists have (part) human bodies.
Biologists have (part) legs.
Biologists have (part) material bodies.
Biologists have (part) necks.
Biologists have (part) nuclei.
Biologists have (part) personality.
Biologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Biologists have (part) sections.
Biologists have (part) vacuoles.
Biologists have a lot to learn about the lives of piping plovers in their winter range.
Biologists have a set list of characteristics that can help determine whether an object is living.
Biologists have a similar agreement concerning autoclaves and blenders.
Biologists have an elaborate way of classifying every form of life.
Biologists have concern.
Biologists have duties.
Biologists have fields.
Biologists have good evidence that supports that theory.
Biologists have good reason no longer to believe in the spontaneous generation of insects from mud.
Biologists have ideas.
Biologists have no irrefutable evolutionary evidence.
Biologists have results.
Biologists have several methods to control it, but they're still looking for an ideal solution.
Biologists have several options in describing the variation they observe in people.
Biologists have studies the growth of the human population and found some interesting points.
Biologists have the most fun.
Biologists have the problem of wondering what the hell the algae know about what is going on.
Biologists have theories.
Biologists have to be approved by four separate review groups and panels before receiving money.
Biologists have to decide whether organisms are alive or dead.
Biologists have trouble defining life, too.
Biologists have two basic models for how new species form.
Biologists have yet to determine the culprits.
Biologists identify a major subdivision of a kingdom as a phylum.
Biologists identify aging mechanism in yeast cells.
Biologists identify four subtypes of dry prairie.
Biologists identify the universal pacemaker of mitosis.
Biologists imagine a tree of life with different groups of animals or plants as branches.
Biologists include other scientists.
Biologists include scientists.
Biologists joke that physicists are always trying to re-invent the wheel.
Biologists keep diaries.
Biologists keep meeting the dwindling band who believe in the literal truth of the Bible.
Biologists know aspects.
Biologists know better than to keep all their eggs in one breeding colony.
Biologists know better.
Biologists know little about the warbler's Caribbean home.
Biologists know plants.
Biologists know that everything is cyclic in the natural scheme of things.
Biologists know that maximum biological diversity is necessary for a healthy ecosystem.
Biologists know that there are different ways that cells reproduce.
Biologists know very well what a dominant role reproductive behavior plays in the life of animals.
Biologists learn about salmon.
Biologists learn about the proper function of any gene by studying mutations.
Biologists learn factors.
Biologists learn much about health, age and relationships of mammals by studying their skulls.
Biologists like to call it gas exchange.
Biologists living in the rainforests near the release site monitor the birds daily.
Biologists look at how many cows have twins as a good sign of moose health and habitat quality.
Biologists look at production of the salmon in variable natural environments.
Biologists look at the situation differently.
Biologists look for changes in behavior.
Biologists look forward to another exciting year, as more swans reach breeding age.
Biologists maintain that all food webs ultimately depend on primary production.
Biologists make controversial decisions.
Biologists make decisions.
Biologists make progress.
Biologists map human genes.
Biologists measure length and width of all observed turtles.
Biologists monitor health.
Biologists monitor population trends and nesting success for many species.
Biologists name all organisms using a binomial system.
Biologists name modern animals exactly the same way.
Biologists note that other winter ranges in the unit are in good condition.
Biologists note that squid are a key link in the Pacific food chain.
Biologists now know that moving sea otters is usually a waste of time.
Biologists observe barnacles.
Biologists observe evolution.
Biologists observe reaction.
Biologists obtain samples.
Biologists offer some hope.
Biologists patrol the beaches each morning looking for the tell-tale signs of sea turtle nesting.
Biologists pay attention.
Biologists pay much attention.
Biologists peck at bird-dinosaur link.
Biologists perform experiments.
Biologists perspective on analytical systems as applied to protein gel electrophoresis.
Biologists place great hopes in genomics to better understand the history of life on Earth.
Biologists plan to collect four year classes of parr for the gene bank.
Biologists point out that the northeast corners of slopes generally have the moistest soils.
Biologists predict the worst of the invasion has yet to come.
Biologists prefer such bottom-up accounts.
Biologists prefer to talk about the cytoplasm and the cell nucleus .
Biologists prefer to talk about the cytoplasm and the cell nucleus.
Biologists present ideas.
Biologists present novel ideas.
Biologists probe wildlife secrets.
Biologists propound the theory of heridity and claim that it satisfactorily explains human beings.
Biologists provide evidence.
Biologists provide information.
Biologists recognize four races of desert bighorn.
Biologists recognize four styles of partnership in nature.
Biologists recognize importance.
Biologists recognize several forms of asexual reproduction.
Biologists recognize there are many factors that can either limit or favor wildlife.
Biologists recognize two subspecies, the northern largemouth and the Florida largemouth.
Biologists recommend pin oak planting in duck management areas.
Biologists refer to physiological adjustment as a response to environmental change.
Biologists regularly analyze trends in populations.
Biologists regularly come here to study the coral reef under the placid waters.
Biologists regularly observe seal pups resting on top of the nets.
Biologists rely heavily on a chemistry foundation since living organisms represent chemical systems.
Biologists reply that southern California s shellfish levels are artificially high.
Biologists report elevation.
Biologists report using a wide range of professional skills.
Biologists require techniques.
Biologists ridicule the virgin birth.
Biologists run tests.
Biologists say aflatoxin is particularly deadly to smaller birds like doves and quail.
Biologists say dams prevent scouring of the river channel.
Biologists say fish feed substantially more on subsurface bugs.
Biologists say it also has enough elk to support wolves.
Biologists say it attracts more ducks and other wintering waterfowl than any other Georgia lake.
Biologists say it is just a matter of time before a foreign market develops.
Biologists say it's a Can of nematodes.
Biologists say over half of all plant and animal species live in the rainforest .
Biologists say over half of all plant and animal species live in the rainforest.
Biologists say that leaving the fish in the water is the optimal way to go.
Biologists say that provides an opening to combat the disease.
Biologists say that the lower the water levels the better.
Biologists say that wetlands provide food and shelter for many animal species.
Biologists say that's about all the watershed can handle and still protect stream flows and fish.
Biologists say the confirmation of sedimentary rocks is a major step forward.
Biologists say the newly stocked elk are staying close to the release site and close together.
Biologists say the nutritious seeds are one of the four major food sources that grizzlies depend on.
Biologists say the time has come to deal with the problem.
Biologists say their numbers are decreasing.
Biologists say there is no way to know for certain, unless the drilling begins.
Biologists say there's no such fish, but the myth persists.
Biologists say they can now trace human life back to bacteria in the elemental chaos.
Biologists see a difference between rocks and life.
Biologists see animals.
Biologists see the moratorium as the quickest, and surest, way to stem the decline.
Biologists see types.
Biologists seek to understand the evolutionary relationships among the species alive today.
Biologists show darwin theories.
Biologists show evolution.
Biologists show theories.
Biologists solve problems in real biological systems, but physics looks for effects and principles.
Biologists sow food plots.
Biologists speak of analog computer modules within DNA transcription.
Biologists spend time and money to dispose of the animals.
Biologists stain cells and tissues with fluorescent dyes to observe biological processes.
Biologists studiously avoid trying to answer it.
Biologists study all living things and the interactions with their environments.
Biologists study all living things and their interactions with their environments.
Biologists study amphibians.
Biologists study animals.
Biologists study aspects.
Biologists study behavior.
Biologists study biology.
Biologists study black-footed ferrets at night, usually with the help of spotlights.
Biologists study characteristics.
Biologists study creatures.
Biologists study evidence.
Biologists study evolution.
Biologists study icebergs to find out how they influence ocean life.
Biologists study life history variation.
Biologists study living creatures.
Biologists study living organisms .
Biologists study living organisms and the relationship of animals and plants to their environment.
Biologists study living organisms and their relationship to the environment.
Biologists study living organisms.
Biologists study living systems.
Biologists study living things and their interaction with each other and the environment.
Biologists study living things.
Biologists study mammals.
Biologists study microscopic creatures.
Biologists study origins.
Biologists study phenomena.
Biologists study properties of life, with reductionist approach and holistic approach.
Biologists study salmon.
Biologists study skeletal biology.
Biologists study the interactions of genes and proteins to develop an understanding of cells.
Biologists study the origin of organisms.
Biologists study the relationship among organisms and their environment.
Biologists study trends in several different components to try to get a grasp of the big picture.
Biologists study variation.
Biologists study vertebrates.
Biologists suggest hypotheses.
Biologists suspect heavy leaf litter in the stream, also impeded the effectiveness of the piscicide.
Biologists suspect pesticide poisoning.
Biologists suspect that the changes are due in part to increased hunting on the wintering grounds.
Biologists take interest.
Biologists take keen interest.
Biologists take notes.
Biologists talk about components.
Biologists then attempt to confirm if there is a moose mortality and try to determine the cause.
Biologists then determine whether the incisor is from a whitetail or mule deer.
Biologists then sort and count the fish before releasing endangered and other native fish upstream.
Biologists then stock the water with rainbow, brook, or brown trout.
Biologists then visit each nest to band the chicks and observe fledgling success.
Biologists therefore see rainy years as the best time to check on the status of the spadefoots.
Biologists think dwindling daylight is what brings moose together in the fall.
Biologists think logging and wildfires are decreasing their numbers.
Biologists think that the blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off .
Biologists think that the blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off.
Biologists think that the first fungi on Earth arose from a. prokaryotes.
Biologists think the eagles are getting the DDT from sea gulls and dead seals they eat.
Biologists think the fish use odors to find their home river.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biologists to explore biology.
Biologists to explore population biology.
Biologists to study problems.
Biologists to understand habitats.
Biologists tout the best rainbow population on the Eastern Slope.
Biologists try to alter the traits of the plant.
Biologists try to avoid such intrusions.
Biologists try to complete the banding process as quickly as possible to reduce stress on the birds.
Biologists trying to restore eagle populations around the world face a difficult challenge.
Biologists typically work regular hours.
Biologists understand complex interaction.
Biologists understand ecological interaction.
Biologists understand facts.
Biologists understand interaction.
Biologists understand requirements.
Biologists unravel the plot.
Biologists urge the national policy makers to state a set of rules necessary to protect a species.
Biologists urge wildlife watchers to keep their distance.
Biologists use a binomial system for naming species.
Biologists use a classification system to name organisms with a universally accepted name.
Biologists use a makeshift field scale to determine a captured bear's weight.
Biologists use a similar diagram, called a cladogram.
Biologists use a variety of experimental methods to discover phylogenetic relationships.
Biologists use agar as a medium in which to grow bacteria and molds.
Biologists use bionformatics resources in a variety of ways.
Biologists use chemistry as language, the way physicists use math.
Biologists use cold plasmas to sterilize all objects bound for another planet in a spacecraft.
Biologists use computers extensively in modelling and number crunching.
Biologists use computers to store, process, and analyze research data.
Biologists use expression.
Biologists use hypotheses.
Biologists use informal channels such as personal conversations and letters as do other people.
Biologists use instruments.
Biologists use it all the time.
Biologists use it for interpreting nucleotide sequences.
Biologists use metrics to analyze samples of benthic invertebrates taken from a stream.
Biologists use microscopes to study things that are too small to be seen with the unaided eye.
Biologists use mutants to investigate the function of genes.
Biologists use radio tracking equipment to monitor the locations of the trout throughout the winter.
Biologists use seven characteristics to classify something as a living thing.
Biologists use techniques.
Biologists use the Linnean scheme for giving names to species.
Biologists use the term biodiversity to describe the earth's stunning variety.
Biologists use tools ranging from high-tech subs to ordinary kitchen gadgets.
Biologists use tracers to follow the path of nutrients through the food chain.
Biologists use tracks to locate animals and determine population sizes.
Biologists use various methods for estimating how closely species are related to each other.
Biologists view such interaction as a strong sign that two proteins are functionally related.
Biologists visit libraries.
Biologists visit the pens a couple times a week to deliver the food and check on the wolves.
Biologists warn they have no cure and very little to offer in the way of hope.
Biologists watch snakes.
Biologists work in a variety of occupations.
Biologists work in research and development which advances the knowledge of living organisms.
Biologists work on services.
Biologists work their way through each step until the species of the organism has been identifi ed.
Biologists work throughout the year to study muskox within the Refuge.
Biologists work very close to the frontier between bewilderment and understanding.
Biologists work with animals.
Biologists work with nocturnal animals.
Biologists work with people in maintenance, designers, plumbers, etc.
Biologists work with teams.
Biologists working in educational settings have great control over their time and duties.
Biologists working in museums and zoos hold a variety of positions.
Biologists worry about eco-systems and the diversity of life.
Biologists often collect annual growth rate information.
Biologists often compare the brains of many species of animals.
Biologists often differ in opinion about what constitutes a true subspecies.
Biologists often give fish with a coded wire tag an additional mark, such as a fin clip.
Biologists often seem to polarize issues.
Biologists often underestimate nature.
Biologists often wish to find out how different a particular DNA sequence is from other sequences.
Biologists sometimes say that energy is the currency of life.
Biologists sometimes say that to a first approximation, all species are extinct.
Biologists usually define species based on their appearance and structure.
Biologists usually study scuba diving skills while they study creatures in their natural habitats.
All biologists agree that organismal traits commonly reflect adaptations.
All biologists strive to make sense of the biological world.
Any biologist can make a bacteria evolve in about a day or so.
Any biologist knows that in all sexual species, the female controls sexual behavior.
Many biologists agree, but controversy continues.
Many biologists also believe that viruses played a vital role in the evolutionary process.
Many biologists annually anticipate winterkills and submit quotas in the previous year.
Many biologists are surprised by what most types of leeches do after the cocoon is made.
Many biologists believe man-induced changes in habitat tipped the scales in favour of the raccoon.
Many biologists believe that cheetahs narrowly escaped extinction.
Many biologists believe that the disease was transferred from hatchery to wild stocks.
Many biologists believe that the giraffe slowly developed by a gradual process of evolution.
Many biologists believe that they have a personal duty to the improvement of society.
Many biologists believe the sandhill has been virtually unchanged for nine million years.
Many biologists consider mitochondria to be a good example of viruses.
Many biologists consider the acquisition of sequences to be boring.
Many biologists consider the interests of humans and of other species to be opposed.
Many biologists depend on grant money to support their research.
Many biologists enjoy regulatory work - making sure that laws are understood and enforced.
Many biologists enter professional fields, such as education, medicine, dentistry, or law.
Many biologists hold faculty positions in colleges and universities.
Many biologists hold that multiple new lineages can arise from a single originating population.
Many biologists identify organisms within ecosystems using field guides.
Many biologists privately agree that the extinction numbers are quite uncertain.
Many biologists refer to amphibians as primitive vertebrates and mammals as advanced vertebrates.
Many biologists restrict the definition of symbiosis to close mutualist relationships.
Many biologists say salmon produced in hatcheries have contributed to the loss of wild salmon.
Many biologists specialize in some area of biology.
Many biologists study organisms and their natural history.
Many biologists then classify land biomes into six groups.
Many biologists think the shift in winter feeding has led to the over-abundance of geese.
Many biologists use a comparative approach, comparing structures, organisms, ecosystems, etc.
Many biologists view it as an adaptation to fight disease.
Many biologists work in research and development.
Many biologists write.
Most biologists accept ideas.
Most biologists accept it as conclusive proof that dinosaurs sired birds.
Most biologists acknowledge fourth options.
Most biologists acknowledge options.
Most biologists acknowledge pollution.
Most biologists actively avoid using undescribed species.
Most biologists agree that macrophyte is a much better name, macroalgae too.
Most biologists agree that past land-use practices contributed to the salmon decline.
Most biologists agree that the relationship between wolf and caribou benefits both.
Most biologists announce success.
Most biologists apply knowledge.
Most biologists are explore possibility.
Most biologists are so committed to neo-Darwinism that they treat any alternative as unscientific.
Most biologists become familiar with statistics and computers used in data processing.
Most biologists believe that evolution is true and that arguments against evolution are weak .
Most biologists believe that evolution is true and that arguments against evolution are weak.
Most biologists believe that it is already extinct in southern Texas.
Most biologists believe that the whales have been saved, at least for now.
Most biologists challenge dogma.
Most biologists classify plants.
Most biologists consider animals.
Most biologists consider effects.
Most biologists consider life.
Most biologists consider observations.
Most biologists consider roles.
Most biologists describe evolution.
Most biologists determine compliance.
Most biologists develop techniques.
Most biologists devise ways.
Most biologists disagree.
Most biologists discuss factors.
Most biologists divide the living world into five Kingdoms.
Most biologists emphasize scientific theories.
Most biologists emphasize theories.
Most biologists emphasize true scientific theories.
Most biologists employ age determination techniques.
Most biologists employ techniques.
Most biologists estimate animals.
Most biologists evaluate effects.
Most biologists examine quality.
Most biologists examine temperature.
Most biologists explain benefits.
Most biologists explain bust and boom cycles as being fixed around the size of lobster harvests.
Most biologists find animals.
Most biologists find complexity.
Most biologists find evidence.
Most biologists find interest.
Most biologists find methods.
Most biologists focus on diversity.
Most biologists focus on evolution.
Most biologists follow approaches.
Most biologists follow ecological approaches.
Most biologists follow in footstep.
Most biologists follow rules.
Most biologists follow tradition.
Most biologists gather enough evidence.
Most biologists gather evidence.
Most biologists get ideas.
Most biologists get some help when it comes to statistical analyses.
Most biologists handle dead specimens.
Most biologists handle specimens.
Most biologists have concern.
Most biologists have duties.
Most biologists have fields.
Most biologists have ideas.
Most biologists have results.
Most biologists have some assay for the biological activity of their specimens.
Most biologists have theories.
Most biologists keep diaries.
Most biologists know aspects.
Most biologists know plants.
Most biologists learn about salmon.
Most biologists learn factors.
Most biologists make controversial decisions.
Most biologists make decisions.
Most biologists make progress.
Most biologists monitor health.
Most biologists observe barnacles.
Most biologists observe evolution.
Most biologists observe reaction.
Most biologists obtain samples.
Most biologists pay attention.
Most biologists pay much attention.
Most biologists perform experiments.
Most biologists present novel ideas.
Most biologists provide evidence.
Most biologists provide information.
Most biologists recognize importance.
Most biologists reject such determinism.
Most biologists report elevation.
Most biologists require techniques.
Most biologists run tests.
Most biologists see animals.
Most biologists see types.
Most biologists show darwin theories.
Most biologists show evolution.
Most biologists show theories.
Most biologists strongly disagree.
Most biologists study amphibians.
Most biologists study characteristics.
Most biologists study evidence.
Most biologists study evolution.
Most biologists study life history variation.
Most biologists study microscopic creatures.
Most biologists study skeletal biology.
Most biologists suggest hypotheses.
Most biologists support the idea of evolution , by means of natural selection .
Most biologists support the idea of evolution, by means of natural selection.
Most biologists take interest.
Most biologists take keen interest.
Most biologists take notes.
Most biologists talk about components.
Most biologists think monophyletic, have common ancestor with annelids.
Most biologists understand complex interaction.
Most biologists understand ecological interaction.
Most biologists understand facts.
Most biologists understand interaction.
Most biologists understand requirements.
Most biologists use expression.
Most biologists use hypotheses.
Most biologists use instruments.
Most biologists use techniques.
Most biologists view their social responsibilities somewhat differently.
Most biologists visit libraries.
Most biologists watch snakes.
Most biologists work on services.
Most biologists work with animals.
Most biologists work with nocturnal animals.
Most biologists work with teams.
Some biologists adopt cognitive interpretations.
Some biologists adopt interpretations.
Some biologists already write their own program and even release public software.
Some biologists also feel that overfishing played a part.
Some biologists are aware of difficulties in their own field.
Some biologists are generalists with broad training in all aspects of biology.
Some biologists are under virtual house arrest for simply trying to do their jobs.
Some biologists argue levels.
Some biologists argue regulations.
Some biologists argue sustainable levels.
Some biologists argue that Earth is on the verge of another major extinction event.
Some biologists argue that evolution occurs primarily within populations.
Some biologists attempt to describe evolution teleologically.
Some biologists become victims.
Some biologists believe a secondary run occurs in mid-spring, perhaps because of a pecking order.
Some biologists believe it is the same subspecies as the speckled version.
Some biologists believe that flight began with aquatic insects skimming over still water.
Some biologists believe that nematodes are the most abundant multi-celled animals on earth.
Some biologists believe that relocation of prey seems to be a logical explanation.
Some biologists believe that the deformities are a result of parasitic infestation.
Some biologists catch geese.
Some biologists claim that poison oak is more virulent than poison ivy.
Some biologists claim they pre-programme virtually every human trait from hair colour to sexuality.
Some biologists classify hartebeests.
Some biologists collect birds.
Some biologists collect butterflies.
Some biologists collect chimpanzees.
Some biologists collect falcons.
Some biologists collect frogs.
Some biologists collect owls.
Some biologists collect snakes.
Some biologists collect turtles.
Some biologists commit suicide.
Some biologists conduct censuses.
Some biologists conduct laboratory experiments involving animals , plants or microorganisms.
Some biologists consider great whales.
Some biologists consider whales.
Some biologists create protection.
Some biologists currently see the virus as a nonliving infectious particle.
Some biologists determine survival.
Some biologists determine trends.
Some biologists develop theories.
Some biologists differ to cite the origin of the flower to Argentina in South America.
Some biologists discover germ.
Some biologists discover sources.
Some biologists dismiss theories.
Some biologists emphasize effects.
Some biologists ensure designs.
Some biologists establish facts.
Some biologists establish origins.
Some biologists estimate mortality.
Some biologists explore physiology.
Some biologists fear a collapse in the bison population.
Some biologists feed animals.
Some biologists feel presence.
Some biologists feel problems.
Some biologists feel real problems.
Some biologists find indicators.
Some biologists find roles.
Some biologists find secretion.
Some biologists find worms.
Some biologists follow caribou.
Some biologists have animals.
Some biologists have difficult time.
Some biologists have inherent values.
Some biologists have lots.
Some biologists have time.
Some biologists have values.
Some biologists hold faculty positions at universities or colleges.
Some biologists identify turtles.
Some biologists investigate feed habits.
Some biologists investigate habits.
Some biologists investigate roles.
Some biologists investigate the chemical and physical properties of biological molecules.
Some biologists involve in universities.
Some biologists keep animals.
Some biologists keep elk.
Some biologists keep in minds.
Some biologists keep tracks.
Some biologists know sponges.
Some biologists know tendencies.
Some biologists learn lots.
Some biologists look at crops.
Some biologists look at stand crops.
Some biologists look for analogy.
Some biologists look for differences.
Some biologists look for genetic differences.
Some biologists monitor mortality.
Some biologists monitor ocelots.
Some biologists monitor peccaries.
Some biologists now believe that they are too inbred to flourish as a species.
Some biologists observe phenomena.
Some biologists observe pregnancy.
Some biologists observe scenes.
Some biologists opt for the more formal name of macrophytes or macroalgae.
Some biologists possess dolphins.
Some biologists push buttons.
Some biologists question values.
Some biologists recognize beavers.
Some biologists recognize roles.
Some biologists regard it as a separate species, others as a subspecies of the African elephant.
Some biologists reject ideas.
Some biologists release animals.
Some biologists release birds.
Some biologists release butterflies.
Some biologists release reptiles.
Some biologists release salmon.
Some biologists release snakes.
Some biologists rely on principles.
Some biologists reserve the term endemics for the first type, while calling the second epibiotics.
Some biologists see beggars.
Some biologists see opportunity.
Some biologists see vectors.
Some biologists seek owls.
Some biologists sign letters.
Some biologists speak of a predisposition of the genome.
Some biologists spend time outside laboratories.
Some biologists study cattle.
Some biologists study crocodiles.
Some biologists study death.
Some biologists study eastern chipmunks.
Some biologists study geese.
Some biologists study golden eagles.
Some biologists study lobsters.
Some biologists study migrate shorebirds.
Some biologists study new world vultures.
Some biologists study shorebirds.
Some biologists study snakes.
Some biologists study the complex interactions of animals and plants in forests or prairies.
Some biologists study using cells in factories and companies, and that is called biotechnology.
Some biologists suggest types.
Some biologists take complex systems apart to understand their simpler components more fully.
Some biologists use antennas.
Some biologists use approaches.
Some biologists use definition.
Some biologists use dogs.
Some biologists use embryos.
Some biologists use enzymes.
Some biologists use freeze tissue.
Some biologists use layers.
Some biologists use microscopes.
Some biologists use natural selections.
Some biologists use parallel approaches.
Some biologists use radios.
Some biologists use restriction enzymes.
Some biologists use satellite transmitters.
Some biologists use selections.
Some biologists use the term for evolution in already separated gene pools.
Some biologists use tissue.
Some biologists use transmitters.
Some biologists view evolution.
Some biologists visit springs.
Some biologists watch butterflies.
Some biologists watch chickens.
Some biologists watch dolphins.
Some biologists watch frogs.
Some biologists watch lobsters.
Some biologists watch salmon.
Some biologists watch squirrels.
Some biologists work as consultants.
Some biologists work at universities.
Some biologists work for agencies.
Some biologists work for departments.
Some biologists work for municipal departments.
Some biologists work for state government agencies.
Some biologists work in administration or management.
Some biologists work in fields.
Some biologists work in management or administration.
Some biologists work with birds.
Some biologists work with butterflies.
Some biologists work with chimpanzees.
Some biologists work with crocodiles.
Some biologists work with dolphins.
Some biologists work with falcons.
Some biologists work with frogs.
Some biologists work with geese.
Some biologists work with geologists.
Some biologists work with goats.
Some biologists work with journalists.
Some biologists work with lobsters.
Some biologists work with owls.
Some biologists work with salmon.
Some biologists work with snakes.
Some biologists work with squirrels.
Some biologists work with turtles.
Some biologists worry that populations of some Neotropical migratory birds are declining.
Some biologists write articles.
Biology journals circulate overnight to graduate students, staff, and faculty only.
Biology scientists study living organisms and their relationship to their environment.
Biology teachers have particular topics.
Biology teachers have topics.
Most biology teachers have particular topics.
Most biology teachers have topics.
Biology today enters a new era, mainly with a new methodology for answering old questions.
Biology also encompasses a wide range of scientific activity.
Biology also studies how organisms react with each other and the environment .
Biology also studies how organisms react with each other and the environment.
Biology apply to dept.
Biology becomes the focus of the currently more primitive oceanic chemistry tracer model.
Biology can be a valuable second major that enhances employment opportunities in many fields.
Biology can help set the stage.
Biology can include trips to zoos or museums.
Biology can make vaccinations or germ weapons.
Biology capitalizes on informational and physical regularities to organize behavior.
Biology consists of fixed, everlasting truths.
Biology constrains the development of intelligence.
Biology covers the study of all the living beings and their interactions into the biosphere.
Biology deals with ecology.
Biology deals with effects.
Biology deals with environment interaction.
Biology deals with features.
Biology deals with heredity.
Biology deals with interaction.
Biology deals with life.
Biology deals with plant life.
Biology deals with terrestrial life.
Biology defies dieting.
Biology determines our sex, how are born into the world.
Biology disecting kits and gloves are stock items used for classes.
Biology embodies the study and diversity of life.
Biology enables one to observe the variety and design of life.
Biology encompasses human endeavors ranging from agriculture to medicine to manufacturing.
Biology encompasses the study of all living organisms, including microbes, plants, and animals.
Biology especially includes the brain.
Biology examines the form, function, and interaction of living things.
Biology exists on campus in many forms.
Biology focuses on analyses.
Biology focuses on the relationships between the living and the nonliving world.
Biology gives some intriguing hints about the genetic basis of conflict.
Biology goes through developmental stages.
Biology goes through stages.
Biology graduates present papers and posters in regional and national professional meetings.
Biology has aspects.
Biology has complexity.
Biology has concepts.
Biology has few laws.
Biology has universal principles.
Biology includes a wide variety of sub-fields and related disciplines.
Biology includes establishments.
Biology includes zoological and botanical studies.
Biology involves a considerable amount of memorization and lots of new terms.
Biology involves organisms.
Biology is a case in exceptions.
Biology is a challenging and stimulating subject.
Biology is a challenging course.
Biology is a college prep course and requires approval of the guidance department to enroll.
Biology is a common entry point into the health sciences.
Biology is a complex web of knowledge, with thousands of connected ideas.
Biology is a difficult subject whether taught traditionally or via online.
Biology is a diverse area of study, however.
Biology is a division of chemistry- life exists due to chemistry.
Biology is a field of science.
Biology is a fragmented discipline subdivided into a myriad of specializations.
Biology is a general course in life science.
Biology is a growing and evolving discipline.
Biology is a joke.
Biology is a laboratory class examining the varieties of living organisms.
Biology is a laboratory-based study of life.
Biology is a life science
Biology is a list of potentially useful sites.
Biology is a major route for students who wish to enter the health professions.
Biology is a much more accessible subject and can be learned later.
Biology is a multidiscipinary adventure.
Biology is a multifaceted discipline.
Biology is a natural science.
Biology is a new metaphor for human systems.
Biology is a part of nature.
Biology is a practical science.
Biology is a prerequisite, and enrollment is limited to high school students.
Biology is a rich and widespread subject.
Biology is a science .
Biology is a science and, as such, there can only be one true explanation for any problem.
Biology is a science of amazing diversity and breadth.
Biology is a science of observation, experimentation, and applications.
Biology is a science that has many specialties and offers exciting career opportunities.
Biology is a science that impacts the everyday world.
Biology is a science with many deviations.
Biology is a science.
Biology is a scientific discipline that explores the living world at all levels of complexity.
Biology is a selecting major at the transfer level.
Biology is a set of processes that takes place in real time.
Biology is a survey of the diversity of life, including all six King doms, viruses and prions.
Biology is a technology, a meat technology.
Biology is a tough subject for a lot of students.
Biology is a truly wondrous thing.
Biology is a valid Christian calling.
Biology is a vast subject containing many subdivisions, topics, and disciplines.
Biology is a very young science.
Biology is a visually rich subject area.
Biology is about the study of life.
Biology is about the world of living things that everyone sees and experiences.
Biology is about uncertainty, the unpredictable, and what gets done with it.
Biology is actually chemistry.
Biology is all about studying life and living organisms.
Biology is also a quest, an ongoing inquiry about the nature of life.
Biology is also an important part of the foundation of many other career fields.
Biology is also an interdisciplinary subject.
Biology is also part art.
Biology is an area that's going to make very big advances in the next few years.
Biology is an extremely popular science subject among students.
Biology is an integrated whole.
Biology is an interdepartmental undergraduate major.
Biology is an interdisciplinary basic science division.
Biology is an interesting science.
Biology is anestimate science today.
Biology is another matter altogether.
Biology is another unpredictable element.
Biology is astrobiology.
Biology is at a crossroads, says the report.
Biology is awesome.
Biology is based on an understanding water, and many ecological processes are water related.
Biology is biology.
Biology is both exciting and unique.
Biology is central to biotechnology.
Biology is closer to being in the same league as the sciences of the mind.
Biology is complex, messy and richly various, like real life.
Biology is cosmology.
Biology is crucial to the fabric of today's society.
Biology is defined as a branch of knowledge that deals with living organisms and vital processes.
Biology is destiny.
Biology is easy to sell.
Biology is easy.
Biology is essentially nanotechnology that works now.
Biology is explained by chemistry and chemistry is explained by physics.
Biology is fantastically cheap to research.
Biology is fascinating.
Biology is filled with visuals and animated sequences that greatly enhance the learning process.
Biology is fraught with such problems for evolution.
Biology is friendly, how do molecules reversibly interact.
Biology is full of such evidence, but the creationists lie about the subject.
Biology is generally a loose and intricate science.
Biology is good for the soul.
Biology is hard work, so be aggressive.
Biology is hotter than ever.
Biology is housed on the third floor and on the fourth floor is the chemistry department.
Biology is human hardware.
Biology is immobility.
Biology is in the forefront here because it is the least 'reducible' of the sciences.
Biology is incredibly powerful, but it can t do everything.
Biology is interesting - all the intricate parts, the way they work.
Biology is irrelevant.
Biology is just the wiring, the chalkboard, the clay.
Biology is life science.
Biology is life.
Biology is like that, much less clearcut than war films.
Biology is more than a collection of facts.
Biology is much more complex.
Biology is much more than memorizing facts.
Biology is net necessarily destiny.
Biology is never that simple and it takes a whole complex of characters to make a champion.
Biology is no exception.
Biology is now at a similar juncture, marking both an ending and a new beginning.
Biology is now big business.
Biology is now their only real market.
Biology is obvious.
Biology is offered in a number of ways.
Biology is often one of the largest majors at universities.
Biology is one of the largest majors at Dickinson.
Biology is one of the most interesting subjects because it has such great diversity.
Biology is only part of destiny.
Biology is partly to blame.
Biology is probably the most diverse of all the sciences.
Biology is quite astounding.
Biology is really phat.
Biology is recommended as an additional credit.
Biology is recommended for the geology students as well.
Biology is recommended.
Biology is replete with life histories of comparable or even greater complexity.
Biology is required as a tenth grade science course.
Biology is required of all students.
Biology is science.
Biology is so digital, and incredibly complicated, but incredibly useful.
Biology is somewhat limited by the huge number of degree recipients.
Biology is somewhat of a visual science.
Biology is still destiny, and women s presumed natural function is to produce children.
Biology is stronger and more certain than economics.
Biology is strongly preferred.
Biology is studied as a set of relationships which change through time.
Biology is suddenly hot.
Biology is the basic metaphor of the new civilization.
Biology is the branch of science that deals with the study of living things.
Biology is the branch of science that investigates the form and function of living organisms.
Biology is the disciplined study of living organisms.
Biology is the epitome of a dynamic and growing scientific discipline .
Biology is the field that has recently undergone a molecular genetics revolution.
Biology is the key science shared among the company's agriculture, food and health businesses.
Biology is the largest department in the sciences based on the number of majors.
Biology is the next thing to come.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication mean the same thing as division.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Biology is the science and the study of life and living systems.
Biology is the science concerned with the study of life.
Biology is the science devoted to the study of biological life.
Biology is the science of life and life processes.
Biology is the science of life, the study of living beings.
Biology is the science of life.
Biology is the science of living things.
Biology is the science of the improbable.
Biology is the science that deals with living things .
Biology is the science that deals with living things.
Biology is the science that studies the processes fundamental to all forms of life.
Biology is the science which addresses questions about life, both past and present.
Biology is the scientific study of all living organisms, including human beings.
Biology is the scientific study of life - in principle anyway.
Biology is the scientific study of life - in principle, anyway.
Biology is the scientific study of life.
Biology is the scientific study of living things.
Biology is the story of evolution of living organisms on earth.
Biology is the story of life on earth.
Biology is the study of a. animals.
Biology is the study of all living things including the science of plants, animals and humans.
Biology is the study of all living things.
Biology is the study of animal and plant life.
Biology is the study of complicated things that give the appearance of having been designed.
Biology is the study of how living things live, die, and reproduce.
Biology is the study of life and all of it's forms.
Biology is the study of life and every day there is less life to study.
Biology is the study of life and living organisms, from the smallest bacteria to giant sequoias.
Biology is the study of life and represents one of the most dynamic disciplines in science.
Biology is the study of life.
Biology is the study of living materials, from the smallest molecules to the largest organisms.
Biology is the study of living organisms and their interactions.
Biology is the study of living organisms, which can become very complicated.
Biology is the study of living organisms.
Biology is the study of living things, their composition and their interactions.
Biology is the study of living things, their life processes and how they adapt to their environment.
Biology is the study of living things.
Biology is the study of successive change in genetic information and matter over time.
Biology is the study of successive changes in genetic information and matter over time.
Biology is the study of the laws and phenomena relating to plants and animals.
Biology is treated as one course.
Biology is truly destiny.
Biology is ultimately reducible to chemistry.
Biology is useful.
Biology is vastly different.
Biology is very advanced, but the results are often unpredictable.
Biology is, after all, an expanding series of questions.
Biology isa science.
Biology literally means the study of life.
Biology looks as similarities and differences between living and extinct organisms.
Biology looks at how animals and other organisms behave and work , and what they are like .
Biology looks at how animals and other organisms behave and work, and what they are like.
Biology looks at living organisms, their development, and how they interact with each other.
Biology makes things far smaller and more complex than anything produced by human engineering.
Biology means new things.
Biology means science of life.
Biology means something in business.
Biology motivates animals to search for food or water.
Biology needs more mathematicians.
Biology now supplies much of the chemistry.
Biology occupies a position among the sciences at once marginal and central.
Biology offers an alternative explanation.
Biology offers an answer to the question of what is human.
Biology offers similar inducements, notably the pleasure attached to the reproductive act.
Biology plays a large part in passion.
Biology plays a predictable, fixed role in most kids' development.
Biology plays a role in the behavioral sciences much like that of physics in the natural sciences.
Biology plays a very important role in the development of personality.
Biology presents societies with certain limits with which each much deal.
Biology promotes honesty.
Biology provides a case in point.
Biology provides as many examples of presuppositional thinking as any other discipline.
Biology provides evidence in support of basis behaviors at a variety of levels.
Biology provides insight.
Biology provides potential for many inquiries.
Biology provides the mechanisms for learning and performance of behavior.
Biology refers to the way the body functions in an environment.
Biology relies on knowledge from other disciplines.
Biology remains a favorite major for premedical preparation.
Biology remains a favorite major for premedical students .
Biology remains mysteries.
Biology remains one of the most active areas of scientific research in Australia.
Biology requires a bit more amplification.
Biology requires a separate application.
Biology requires learning a new vocabulary.
Biology requires repetitive study habits.
Biology seems to be only the beginning.
Biology seems to indicate a continuity of forms leading to man.
Biology starts when reproduction begins.
Biology still includes the two major divisions of botany and zoology .
Biology studies development.
Biology studies heredity.
Biology studies the structures and functions of living organisms.
Biology studies the stuctures and functions of living organisms.
Biology teaches that hard problems are often solved by the interaction of many simple systems.
Biology teaches that humans evolved from slime.
Biology teaches that relationships between living entities are circular and interactive.
Biology teaches that the mainspring of life is in the cell.
Biology tends to build upon basic concepts.
Biology then suffers.
Biology thus has to evolve from a qualitative science into a quantitative one.
Biology touches on profound philosophical questions on a number of fronts.
Biology yields insight.
Most biology focuses on analyses.
Most biology goes through developmental stages.
Most biology goes through stages.
Most biology has aspects.
Most biology has complexity.
Most biology has concepts.
Most biology includes establishments.
Most biology involves organisms.
Most biology provides insight.
Most biology remains mysteries.
Most biology requires a working knowledge of chemistry.
Some biology comes to light.
Some biology encourages students.
Some biology focuses on variation.
Some biology has chemistry.
Some biology has sides.
Some biology incorporates techniques.
Some biology offers resources.
Some biology predicts existence.
Some biology receives attention.
Some biology receives little attention.
Some biology requires appreciation.
Bioluminescence acts as a burglar alarm.
Bioluminescence begins with the egg, and is present throughout the entire life cycle.
Bioluminescence fends off predators, lures prey, and attracts mates.
Bioluminescence has several functions in different taxa.
Bioluminescence is a common biological energy source.
Bioluminescence is a fascinating subject with many questions still remaining.
Bioluminescence is a great venue to introduce biotechnology to consumers.
Bioluminescence is a pervasive characteristic of midwater animals.
Bioluminescence is a primarily marine phenomenon.
Bioluminescence is a wonder of nature.
Bioluminescence is actually very, very common in the world's oceans.
Bioluminescence is almost always blue.
Bioluminescence is an incredibly efficient process.
Bioluminescence is chemiluminescence associated with a living organism such as in the firefly.
Bioluminescence is chemiluminescences.
Bioluminescence is extremely common in the oceans.
Bioluminescence is found in the sea at all levels.
Bioluminescence is light produced by a chemical reaction within a living organism.
Bioluminescence is light produced from a living organism produced by a chemical reaction.
Bioluminescence is light
Bioluminescence is literally a 'cold fire'.
Bioluminescence is made through a chemical reaction.
Bioluminescence is mainly a marine phenomenon .
Bioluminescence is mainly a marine phenomenon.
Bioluminescence is produced by the oxidization of luciferin.
Bioluminescence is simply light created by living organisms.
Bioluminescence is simply light produced by a chemical reaction which originates in an organism.
Bioluminescence is situations.
Bioluminescence is the chemically based emission of visible light by living organisms.
Bioluminescence is the emission of light by an organism or biochemical system.
Bioluminescence is the emission of light by animals through special cells called photophores.
Bioluminescence is the emission of light from living organisms without generating heat.
Bioluminescence is the production and emission of light by a living organism .
Bioluminescence is the production of light by living organisms, including bacteria.
Bioluminescence is ubiquitous in the marine environment.
Bioluminescence is used as a lure to attract prey by several deep sea fish such as the anglerfish.
Bioluminescence is used by a variety of animals to mimic other species.
Bioluminescence is used by such creatures in predation, escaping predators, and in communication.
Bioluminescence is what makes fire-flies and plankton glow.
Bioluminescence plays an important role in the ecology of the land and most importantly the ocean.
Bioluminescence refers to the production of light via a chemical reaction.
Bioluminescence serves a different function in lampyrid larvae from the function served in adults.
Bioluminescence serves a different function in lampyrid larvae than it does in adults .
Bioluminescence serves a different function in lampyrid larvae than it does in adults.
Bioluminescence serves a variety of functions.
Bioluminescence sparkles like glitter trailing in the wake of each movement.
All bioluminescence is caused by a chemical reaction.
Most bioluminescence is blue for two reasons.
Bioluminescent history is discussed here.
Bioluminescent organisms are a target for many areas of research.
Bioluminescent organisms produce light through chemical reactions in their bodies.
Most bioluminescent organisms are found in the ocean.
All bioluminescent reactions occur in the presence of oxygen.
Most bioluminescent reactions involve luciferin and luciferase.
Bioluminescent species are generally inedible and often mildly toxic.
Bioluminscent organisms produce their own light.
Biomagnetic fields extend beyond the physical body and interact with other fields.
Biomagnetic insoles are also the safest magnetic product available.
Biomagnetic insoles provide massage to the soles of the feet.
Biomass boilers supply energy at low cost for many industrial and commercial uses.
Biomass energy can satisfy the renewable portfolio standards being suggested by many states.
Biomass energy constitutes a very large potential resource.
Biomass fuel can also include sewage sludge and animal manure.
Biomass fuels can significantly displace carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels.
Biomass fuels come from living things.
Biomass fuels contain no sulphur.
Biomass fuels produce virtually no sulfur emissions, helping to mitigate acid rain.
Biomass fuels supply more than any other fuel sources in Africa.
Biomass fuels use, deforestation, and population in Sudan.
Some biomass fuels are derived from trees.
Biomass power can pose the same questions of sustainability as any other intensive crop production.
Most biomass pyramids show a sharp decrease in biomass at successively higher trophic levels.
Biomass accounts for as much as two-thirds of total African final energy consumption.
Biomass burning is a major factor responsible for changes in soil chemical properties.
Biomass burning is an example of a critical human initiated activity affecting the troposphere.
Biomass burning is the burning of vegetation.
Biomass burning occurs primarily in the continental tropics.
Biomass consists of materials.
Biomass decreases at each ascending level of the food chain.
Biomass decreases with each trophic level.
Biomass encompasses plants, trimmings and other wastes that can be used to make energy.
Biomass enhances growth.
Biomass estimates for tropical forests.
Biomass has effects.
Biomass has population variation.
Biomass has productivity.
Biomass has variation.
Biomass is fuel
Biomass is fuel.
Biomass is mass.
Biomass isa fuel.
Biomass provides food.
Biomass uses energy.
All biomass is composed of sugars, starches, and cellulose.
Most biomass consists of materials.
Most biomass enhances growth.
Most biomass goes to roots rather than synthetic material.
Most biomass has effects.
Most biomass has population variation.
Most biomass has productivity.
Most biomass has variation.
Most biomass provides food.
Most biomass used today is home grown energy.
Most biomass uses energy.
Some biomass contains pollutants.
Some biomass enters detritus pools.
Some biomass enters pools.
Some biomass increases algal production.
Some biomass increases production.
Some biomass is consumed by crabs.
Some biomass is consumed by mud crabs.
Some biomass provides habitats.
Some biomass provides nutrition.
Some biomass uses for electricity.
Some biomass uses for generate electricity.
Biome categories can be broad or narrow.
A biome is a group
Biome isa group.
Biomes are a crude way of classifying the ecosystems of the world.
Biomes are a group of living things made up to be a society.
Biomes are a means of classifying vegetation into distinct groups, at a very broad scale.
Biomes are broad categories of natural plant communities.
Biomes are broken down into ecosystems.
Biomes are characterized by consistent plant forms and are found over a large climatic area.
Biomes are classification schemes which define biomes using climatic parameters .
Biomes are communities.
Biomes are defined by climate regimes and biogeography .
Biomes are defined by factors such as plant structures, leaf types, plant spacing, and climate.
Biomes are ecosystems that make up the land.
Biomes are ecosystems.
Biomes are global ecosystems.
Biomes are global patterns of plants and animals and the communities they live in.
Biomes are large areas of land that have a certian climate, ecostem, and appearance.
Biomes are large expanses of the earth's surface covered by plants with a similar growth form.
Biomes are large geographic areas that have the same climate and life forms.
Biomes are large geographic regions containing distinctive plant communities.
Biomes are large sections of land, sea, or atmosphere.
Biomes are large vegetational subdivisions including all animals and other organisms.
Biomes are major types of vegetation that are characteristic of broad geographic systems.
Biomes are named in more than one way.
Biomes are natural things.
Biomes are products of climates, soil types, chance, and history.
Biomes are regions in minecraft with specific properties, like forests, oceans or tundras.
Biomes are regions of similar climate and dominant plant types.
Biomes are simply environments that have some things in common.
Biomes are subdivided into associations made up of societies.
Biomes are the largest geographical biotic community division.
Biomes are the largest recognizable subdivision of terrestrial ecosystems.
Biomes are the major regional groupings of plants and animals discernible at a global scale.
Biomes are the major type of ecological communities.
Biomes are the things that live in particular habitats.
Biomes are the world's major habitats.
Biomes Find great information on the major biomes of the world.
Biomes move as the climate changes.
Biomes play a crucial role in sustaining life on earth.
Biomes refer to the different types of areas that a Terraria world can contain.
All biomes are ecosystems, but ecosystems can be larger or smaller than biomes.
Every biome is home to a number of ecosystems.
Most biomes are determined by their characteristic weather pattern or climate.
Biomechanical analysis becomes totally mobile.
Biomechanical deficiencies are one of several causes of injury during exercise or activity.
Biomechanical forces are another important etiologic factor in the development of osteochondrosis.
Biomechanical imbalances can predispose an athlete to a stress fracture.
Biomechanical problems can affect a walker's performance and increase risk for injury.
Biomechanical problems can increase a jogger's risk for injury.
Biomechanical products function mechanically with people or other animals.
Biomedical analysis is a small, but important corner of our community.
Biomedical anthropology is an emerging subdisciplinary area of biological anthropology.
Biomedical chemists can now compare their results with other institutions.
Biomedical companies are primarily diagnostic in nature.
Biomedical engineers apply engineering principles to medical problems.
Biomedical engineers are people-oriented.
Biomedical engineers can form an effective marketing bridge between the MBAs and the customers.
Biomedical engineers conduct research in enginering, biology, or medicine.
Biomedical engineers design and develop medical instruments and equipment.
Biomedical engineers design and work with medical equipment.
Biomedical engineers develop aids for the deaf and blind.
Biomedical engineers develop and design biomedical devices, systems, and processes.
Biomedical engineers require a broad science and mathematics background.
Biomedical engineers study the mechanical properties of biological systems.
Biomedical engineers work on many different tasks.
Biomedical engineers work on projects that improve human health.
Biomedical engineers work with other health care professionals as members of a team.
Many biomedical engineers work in pharmaceutical companies and government agencies.
Some biomedical engineers make man-made materials to repair and replace damaged organs.
Some biomedical engineers work as consultants.
Some biomedical engineers work in design and research laboratories in major companies.
Biomedical engineering applies engineering concepts, methods and techniques to biology and medicine.
Biomedical engineering applies engineering techniques to health-related problems.
Biomedical engineering applies the principles of engineering to solve medical problems.
Biomedical engineering has the third largest undergraduate program in the school.
Biomedical engineering involves circuit analysis, physiology, signal processing, and physics.
Biomedical engineering involves the design of medical equipment.
Biomedical engineering is a highly interdisciplinary field.
Biomedical engineering is a possibility.
Biomedical engineering is a very special discipline.
Biomedical engineering is an integral part of the health industry.
Biomedical engineering is at the forefront of medicine's technologic revolution.
Biomedical engineering is one of the newest engineering disciplines.
Biomedical engineering is one of the newest specialties within engineering.
Biomedical engineering is projected to have considerable growth in employment in the next decade.
Biomedical engineering is the application of engineering principles to medical problems.
Biomedical engineering is the fastest-growing major on campus.
Biomedical engineering is the next emerging engineering discipline.
Biomedical engineering is very diverse and covers a large variety of sub-disciplines.
Biomedical engineering needs faculty in math, cell biology and other fields.
Biomedical engineering prepares the engineer for work in biology and in medicine.
Biomedical ethics involves two basic principles.
Biomedical ethics reviews.
Biomedical informatics is a scientific discipline.
Biomedical information is complex and multivariate.
Biomedical instrumentation is one application where embedded processing is increasingly important.
Biomedical model is a useful framework for panic disorder.
Biomedical photographers record medical procedures such as surgery.
Biomedical photographers record medical procedures, such as surgery.
Biomedical professionals use data graphics widely in research, teaching, and patient care.
Most biomedical professionals go to Medline first, before other databases.
Biomedical research benefits our children in many other ways.
Biomedical research continues to improve the quality of our lives, but it involves risk.
Biomedical research continues to pave the way toward better diagnostics, treatments, and cures.
Biomedical research encompasses virtually all areas of the life sciences.
Biomedical research funded by the federal government is public health.
Biomedical research helps everybody.
Biomedical research involves the world of medicine.
Biomedical research is a commitment to life.
Biomedical research is a competitive field right now.
Biomedical research is a form of biological research.
Biomedical research is also one of our national priorities.
Biomedical research is an approach used towards solving medical problems.
Biomedical research is another career avenue.
Biomedical research is at the threshold of exciting new discoveries.
Biomedical research is cost effective.
Biomedical research is essential for enhancing human health and well being.
Biomedical research is essential to the future of medicine.
Biomedical research is included under life sciences.
Biomedical research is the foundation of a good public health system.
Biomedical research is the key to finding the answers.
Biomedical research offers hope.
Biomedical research provides fundamental information about living things.
Biomedical research reports.
Biomedical research stands behind a very large health care industry in Pennsylvania.
Biomedical researchers can examine the human body layer by layer.
A biomedical science is a life science
Biomedical science is an exploding field.
Biomedical student tests a bed lift design for body weight support.
Many biomedical studies involve outcomes which are qualitative in nature.
Biomedical technicians install, inspect, test, maintain, calibrate, and repair biomedical equipment.
All biomedical titles are available full text.
Biomedical trials test one drug at a time.
Biomedical waste is often heat-treated, and heating amalgam releases mercury into the air.
Biomedical waste is often heat-treated, and heating amalgam releases mercury.
Biomedical writers can have many different job titles depending on the industry in which they work.
Biometric analysis is a collection of mesurements that can uniquely define a person.
Biometric countermeasures add new dimensions to computer security and access control.
Biometric data are separate and distinct from personal information.
Biometric data is information about the physical make-up of the cardholder.
Some biometric data is also easier to fake , e.g. signatures .
Some biometric data is also easier to fake, e.g. signatures.
Biometric devices are a rather drastic security measure.
Biometric devices are creditors latest weapons in combating fraud and theft.
Biometric devices are quite costly and are for highly secure environments.
Biometric devices automate the personal recognition process.
Biometric devices identify people by physical traits such as fingerprints, irises, faces or voices.
Biometric devices identify people by physical traits such as fingerprints, irises, faces, or voices.
Biometric devices measure one or more physical attributes.
Biometric devices require live submissions.
Biometric devices use a person's physical characteristics to verify an identity.
Biometric devices use one or more biometric parameters to identify the individual.
Biometric devices use personal characteristics to verify a user's identity.
Most biometric devices make such frustrations rare.
Biometric identification can include eye scans, hand prints and voice recognition.
Biometric identification is identification
Biometric identification is identification.
Biometric identification offers obvious advantages in security.
Biometric identifiers are unique for each individual.
Biometric information has to be stored in files.
Biometric security is only as secure as the database that stores the information.
Biometric sensors identify who is using the device and what they are able to retrieve.
Biometric solutions are a natural complement to smart card protection.
Every biometric system performs somewhat similarly.
Biometric techniques require a first phase in which the characteristic is measured.
Some biometric techniques involve reading a person's face, palm or fingerprint.
Biometric technology allows the automatic recognition of a person based on physical characteristics.
Biometric technology brings computers a step closer to having human capabilities.
Biometric technology is ready for the front line.
Biometric technology reduces each spoken word into segments.
Biometric technology takes automation another step further.
Biometric technology takes security to the next level.
All biometric technologies have strengths and limitations, depending on the problem to be solved.
All biometric technologies work in roughly the same way.
Biometric tools are unique individual identifiers like fingerprints, retinal scans and DNA profiles.
Any biometric topic is welcome.
Biomimetic design emulates the hydrodynamic efficiency of a shark's skin.
Biomolecular catalysts are able to produce valuable substances from environmental pollutants.
Biomolecular interactions are at the heart of every cellular process.
Biomolecular simulation is a tool made possible by the advent of high performance computing.
Bionetic technology eliminates many of the hazards of guesswork.
Bionic drivers operate the specialized demand-response service for persons with disabilities.
Bionic ears have nothing to offer a severed auditory nerve.
Bionic parts can enable the blind to see and the deaf to hear.
Biopharmaceutical companies face chronic shortages of skilled workers.
Biopharmaceutical firms help big pharma firms break out of pure synthetic chemistry.
Biophysics provides links to biophysics departments and labs in USA, Asia and Europe.
Biophysical chemists study protein structure and the functional structure  of cell membranes.
Biophysical chemistry is a growing field at Wisconsin.
Biophysical chemistry offers an exciting alternative.
All biophysical entities are essentially ecosystem units.
Biophysical measurements are indispensable complements to monetary studies.
Biophysical simulations show how ocean currents affect the survival of pollock eggs and larvae.
A biophysicist is a physicist
Biophysicists are physicists.
Biophysicists use methods and instruments designed by physicists and physical chemists.
Biophysicists work in universities, industry, medical centres, research institutes and government.
A biopiracy is a felony
Biopiracy benefits only a privileged few at the expense of women, nature and the South.
Biopiracy moves a lot of money.
Bioprosthetic valves are also prone to mechanical fatigue.
Biopsy confirmation is rare.
Biopsy device remains parallel to the patient's thorax, eliminating risk of chest wall trepass.
Biopsy findings are equivocal.
Biopsy specimen is diagnostic.
Biopsy tissue is sent to the laboratory for analysis.
Biopsies also help veterinarians determine if a tumor is benign or malignant.
Biopsies are a critical step in the diagnostic process.
Biopsies are currently the most commonly used tool for accurate diagnosis.
Biopsies are essential in that the clinical appearance of malignancy can be deceiving.
Biopsies are necessary for a diagnosis.
Biopsies are pinhead-sized pieces of the surface tissue layer.
Biopsies are taken on the upper cheek area both pre and post treatment.
Biopsies are the only definitive way to determine if prostate cancer is present.
Biopsies can also confirm the presence of reflux esophagitis.
Biopsies can be painful, but are more reliable than stool tests.
Biopsies can be painful, but the pain ,generally goes away within a few hours.
Biopsies can incur unnecessary physical costs, too, for previously treated women.
Biopsies can miss cancer, too, about one time out of five.
Biopsies cause no discomfort.
Biopsies dry out quickly under surgery lights.
Biopsies have the potential for scarring, which decreases the future ability to detect cancer.
Biopsies involve microscopic examination of cells from lymph nodes or other affected tissues.
Biopsies involve taking a sample of the liver or bone marrow by a big needle.
Biopsies reconfirm the diagnosis and a chest tube is placed in the pleural space.
Biopsies remove a portion or the entire breast lump as both a diagnostic and treatment measure.
Biopsies remove bone marrow for examination.
Biopsies reveal a pathognomonic inflammatory response.
Biopsies show the lesions are neither pyogenic or granulomatous, making the name misleading.
Biopsies typically show chronic inflammation and fibrosis without evidence for infection.
Biopsies undergo microscopic inspection at a pathology lab, often with special chemicals.
Biopsies use a variety of ways to obtain tissue.
Biopsy can reveal anything from benign hyperkeratosis to severe cellular atypia.
Biopsy can reveal breast cancer spread.
Biopsy discriminates between stages of disease and prognosis.
Biopsy is assay
Biopsy is diagnostic tests.
Biopsy is essential in making the differentiation.
Biopsy is essential to establish definite diagnosis.
Biopsy is surgical procedures.
Biopsy reveals hepatocellular carcinoma.
Biopsy shows intense lymphocytic infiltrate around hair follicle.
Some biopsies are false positives.
Some biopsies simply require a needle puncture.
BioQuest consultants check credentials, and preliminary references are contacted.
Bioregional management means selecting regions that have biological and cultural integrity.
Most bioregional strategies are entirely local.
Bioremediation brings people from many different scientific backgrounds to remedy toxic spills.
Bioremediation can be a particularly cost-effective approach.
Bioremediation can take place under aerobic and anaerobic conditions.
Bioremediation destroys the target chemicals.
Bioremediation has to take specific social concerns seriously.
Bioremediation includes such things as the use of specific microbes to degrade pesticide residues.
Bioremediation involves applying oil-eating bacteria to the spill to break it down and disperse it.
Bioremediation is a biotech
Bioremediation IS a good idea, at least in principle.
Bioremediation is a growing industry in the USA and Europe.
Bioremediation is a process that uses microbes to actually eat grease, oil and dirt.
Bioremediation is also sustainable and much cheaper than conventional methods of decontamination.
Bioremediation is biotechnology.
Bioremediation is considered one of the most attractive decontamination processes for PAHs.
Bioremediation is cost saver for clean up of spills from minor auto accidents.
Bioremediation is done indoors to better control environmental conditions.
Bioremediation is effective in cleaning up highly polluted soils.
Bioremediation is less disruptive to the environment than other techniques.
Bioremediation is one cleanup process that has received considerable attention in recent years.
Bioremediation is one possible solution.
Bioremediation is the application of biological process principles to treating hazardous chemicals.
Bioremediation is the process of harnessing bacteria to recycle compounds.
Bioremediation is the use of microorganisms to clean up an environment.
Bioremediation is the use of microorganisms to remediate sites contaminated with hazardous waste.
Bioremediation is the use of organisms such as bacteria to clean up environmental pollution.
Bioremediation is treatments.
Bioremediation is usually less expensive than other technologies.
Bioremediation is when bacteria are used to clean up pollution in the environment.
Bioremediation just attacks the nitroaromatics.
Bioremediation offers a cost effective and efficient remediation option.
Bioremediation requires careful evaluation and design in accordance with existing conditions.
Bioremediation shows great promise as an approach to hazardous waste management.
Bioremediation uses microorganisms to break down petroleum wastes into nontoxic end products.
Bioremediation uses organisms to detoxify damaged and polluted ecosystems.
Bioremediation uses organisms to remove toxins.
Bioresorbable materials play a major role in drug transport and delivery.
Bioresource engineers solve problems dealing with complex natural resource systems.
A bioscience is a natural science
Bioscience is a challenging field with local competence of excellence.
Bioscience is a leading high-tech business segment in Wisconsin.
BioScience is an open major - no applications, no prerequisites, no deadlines.
Bioscience is on the second floor .
BioScience is the monthlv magazine for biolopists in all fields.
Bioscience provides tremendous job opportunities for Connecticut residents.
BioSciences gives links to sites for different aspect of biology.
Biosciences Has resources listed under virtually every biology topic imaginable.
Biosciences Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Biosciences is another of Maryland s most promising industries.
Biosciences is the fastest developing branch of science today.
Biosphere reserves act as catalysts for both conservation and development.
Biosphere reserves are a new concept.
Biosphere reserves are of great importance as elements in the network of ecological monitoring.
Biosphere reserves are representations of undisturbed natural habitats which adjoin populated areas.
Biosphere reserves exchange knowledge and experiences on new ideas for sustainable development .
Biosphere reserves exchange knowledge and experiences on new ideas for sustainable development.
A biosphere is a region
Biosphere is layer of earth and atmosphere that be occupied entire living thing.
Biosphere is very complex.
Biosphere isa region.
Biosphere sells farm raised little neck clams and clam seed.
Biospheres are part of planets.
Biospheres are regions.
BioSpheres are very useful for creating a complex object, and then fine tuning it with the brushes.
Biospheres contain carbon.
Biospheres include plants.
Biospheres sustain life.
Most biospheres are part of planets.
Most biospheres contain carbon.
Biostratigraphic ages are along the left side of each column.
Biosynthesis addresses the fundamentals of metabolism in an organism.
Biosynthesis Discuss the nature of bacterial photosynthesis.
Biosynthesis is catalysed by enzymes, production of which is directed by the cell's genes.
Biosynthesis is synthesis
Biosynthesis is synthesis.
Biosynthesis isa synthesis.
Biosynthesis occurs during development.
Biosynthesis occurs through sugar nucleotides that are formed through a pyrophosphorylation.
Most biosynthesis occurs during development.
Some biosynthesis contributes to activations.
Some biosynthesis leads to death.
Some biosynthesis occurs in fungi.
Some biosynthesis requires cooperation.
Biosystematic information is critical for today's world.
A biota is a collection
Biota create structure Plants affect structure by creating soil, eroding rock, etc.
Biota includes primarily fish populations, but also supporting organisms.
Biota publishes papers from all fields of biology and ecology in their widest sense.
Biota refers to the sum total of life in a particular region.
Biota reflect multiple impacts.
Biotas are collections.
Biotech agriculture can generate clean energy while reducing fuel consumption on our farms.
Biotech businesses are a significant part of the local economy.
Biotech companies are in the business of developing products whose underlying technology is complex.
Biotech companies are notorious for moving ahead with tests too quickly.
Biotech companies are on the honor system.
Biotech companies are very keen to push genetically engineered organisms and products on the South.
Biotech companies are, in many cases, run by individuals who are entrepreneurs of the first order.
Biotech companies argue the benefits outweigh the risks of genetic engineering.
Biotech companies can now operate in a more predictable regulatory environment.
Biotech companies contend they are particularly vulnerable.
Biotech companies continue to emerge and consolidate as technology progresses and the rules change.
Biotech companies create new drugs by manipulating genes.
Biotech companies fall broadly into three categories.
Biotech companies go public too soon.
Biotech companies have a voracious appetite for capital to fund that lengthy process.
Biotech companies live funding to funding.
Biotech companies offer outsize returns with outsize risks.
Biotech companies understand that deals are their bread and butter.
Many biotech companies are at the development stage.
Most biotech companies carry losses for years, even after they have launched a new product.
Biotech cotton is either resistant to insect pests or herbicides, or both.
Biotech critics say that it's one battle in a long war, though.
Biotech critics watch the watchdogs.
Biotech crops are more common in the United States than elsewhere in the world.
Biotech crops are ubiquitous, yet few consumers realize it.
Biotech firms can learn from medical device firms.
Biotech firms find New Jersey an attractive location for various reasons.
Biotech firms have patented genes even before they know what they do.
Biotech firms insist they are tested rigorously.
Most biotech firms are way off their highs and have been heading lower.
Biotech foods are new, they are different, and they deserve special regulations.
Biotech foods are the only foods that have been studied to any extent for safety.
Biotech foods undergo extensive testing before approval.
Biotech industry uses antiquated weapons to battle adversaries.
Biotech investment is high risk.
Biotech jobs are on the rise , thanks to a strong science base and the maturation of the industry.
Biotech pharmaceuticals can also make a difference.
Most biotech pharmaceuticals are recombinant.
Biotech products are truly novel treatments that usually have limited or no competition.
Biotech products have the potential for reducing exposures to food and environmental allergens.
Biotech professionals defend patents as the only way to recoup research costs.
Biotech soybeans are nearly all herbicide resistant.
Biotech stocks are inherently risky.
Biotech stocks fly in swarms.
Biotech stocks seem to have put in a good bottom, and they are beginning to bounce.
Biotech stocks stumble.
A biotech is molecular biology
Some biotechs are a buy.
Biotechnology companies are business.
Biotechnology companies are interested in the product.
Biotechnology companies are manufacturing companies.
Biotechnology companies claim their methods are precise.
Biotechnology companies continue to threaten the security of the global food supply.
Biotechnology companies generate value by developing new kinds of drugs and technologies.
Biotechnology company says it has cloned a cancer gene.
Many biotechnology companies keep important results secret until they can be exploited.
Most biotechnology companies are comparatively small.
Some biotechnology companies say they are aiming to reduce the use of pesticides in agriculture.
Some biotechnology companies think they can do it.
Biotechnology firms develop methods.
Biotechnologies are Tricky to Manage in the Third World.
Biotechnology advances in oil affecting coconut production.
Biotechnology advances, however, are predominantly taking place in the industrialized world.
Biotechnology allows individual genes to be moved with precision from one plant to another.
Biotechnology allows individual genes to be moved with precisionfrom one plant to another.
Biotechnology allows mass production of proteins that are difficult to obtain otherwise.
Biotechnology already plays a major role in agriculture.
Biotechnology also applies to non-food uses in significant ways.
Biotechnology also contributes to the elimination of pesticides.
Biotechnology also finds applications to conservation.
Biotechnology also has the potential of creating major advances in medicine.
Biotechnology also has the potential to bring forth a wave of new consumer products.
Biotechnology also has the potential to remove allergens from foods like peanuts, soy and wheat.
Biotechnology also has the potential to remove allergens from foods like peanuts, soy, and wheat.
Biotechnology also helps breeders understand how closely parental lines are related.
Biotechnology also meets graduation requirements for career development program completion.
Biotechnology also offers other potential benefits for poor people in developing countries.
Biotechnology also stands to improve human health.
Biotechnology appears to be leading a sudden biological revolution into the next century.
Biotechnology appears to raise the most controversy.
Biotechnology applies the same principles to living organisms as do other technologies.
Biotechnology applies the same principles, but the science is a bit advanced.
Biotechnology associated with marine organisms is a field that projects a strong future.
Biotechnology benefits both producers and consumers.
Biotechnology builds better crops and offers farmers improved profit opportunities.
Biotechnology can also help address critical issues of malnutrition worldwide.
Biotechnology can also help reduce pressure on tropical rain forests.
Biotechnology can also reduce allergens in foods.
Biotechnology can be a blessing or a major problem.
Biotechnology can be a confusing issue for consumers for a number of reasons.
Biotechnology can be a confusing term.
Biotechnology can be a tool to overcome the food and food quality deficiency.
Biotechnology can be one of the most important tools to maximize market returns.
Biotechnology can be safe, but potential risks exist.
Biotechnology can be useful in increasing crop and animal yields.
Biotechnology can bring many benefits to medicine, the environment and industry.
Biotechnology can come from all sorts of departments.
Biotechnology can deliver better, more effective medicines.
Biotechnology can enhance the ability of existing pathogens to get past the weed's defenses.
Biotechnology can help alleviate hunger world-wide.
Biotechnology can help alleviate hunger worldwide.
Biotechnology can help create crops that can help keep our streams, lakes and rivers cleaner.
Biotechnology can help grow crops resistant to plant disease and harmful insects.
Biotechnology can help in producing more and better foods in developing countries.
Biotechnology can help in two ways.
Biotechnology can help to reduce water use, soil erosion and emissions that add to climate change.
Biotechnology can improve nutrition among developing nations.
Biotechnology can improve productivity and, for example, reduce pesticide use.
Biotechnology can improve the quality, taste and nutritional benefits of food.
Biotechnology can lead to grains with more protein, vitamins or minerals.
Biotechnology can make agriculture less environmentally intrusive.
Biotechnology can make great strides in food production.
Biotechnology can make medicine better and more effective.
Biotechnology can mean different things to different people.
Biotechnology can now cross animals with plants, leaving the vegetarian confused.
Biotechnology can play a key role in closing the gap.
Biotechnology can play a significant role in the future of agriculture.
Biotechnology can play an important role in both.
Biotechnology can provide the means for enhancing current breeding programs.
Biotechnology can radically increase the speed of plant and animal breeding.
Biotechnology can reduce farmers' reliance on chemicals.
Biotechnology can reduce the use of ag chemicals . . .
Biotechnology can reduce the use of pesticides and herbicides.
Biotechnology can speed the selection and breeding of crops with desired traits.
Biotechnology can thus indirectly help to save energy.
Biotechnology can, for example, also benefit animals and the environment.
Biotechnology changes so quickly.
Biotechnology clearly holds great promise for the future.
Biotechnology combines biology with technology to produce new biological materials and processes.
Biotechnology contributes to our ability to keep livestock healthy and productive.
Biotechnology counts as one kind of nanotechnology, and at present remains by far the most advanced.
Biotechnology covers a wide array of processes and procedures.
Biotechnology cuts across many disciplines and impacts all of life.
Biotechnology cuts across many sectors of industry.
Biotechnology depends on the ability to manipulate chemical structure.
Biotechnology directs our attention to the advances being made in medicine and agriculture.
Biotechnology enables genes to be manipulated.
Biotechnology encompasses a huge area of scientific knowledge, from manipulating genes to cloning.
Biotechnology facilitates the precise modification of traits of interest.
Biotechnology fails all three tests of sustainability.
Biotechnology focuses on the mechanics of life processes and their application.
Biotechnology goes even further.
Biotechnology goes hand in hand with intensive monoculture, using single crops grown in huge fields.
Biotechnology has a role in saving animal species from extinction.
Biotechnology has a role, but a minor one.
Biotechnology has an important role to play to improve nutrition values and food security worldwide.
Biotechnology has an increasing social and ethical impact on our lives.
Biotechnology has applications in both plant and animal breeding.
Biotechnology has many facets and there is a career for almost everyone.
Biotechnology has many helpful applications .
Biotechnology has much to offer.
Biotechnology has some interesting applications.
Biotechnology has the potential to affect world agriculture dramatically.
Biotechnology has the potential to make agriculture much more productive.
Biotechnology has the potential to render crops virtually free from insects, disease and bacteria.
Biotechnology has the potential to save and improve millions of lives worldwide.
Biotechnology has to be a high-priority action item on the TEP agenda.
Biotechnology has tremendous potential to help fight hunger.
Biotechnology helps combat diseases.
Biotechnology helps create safe and nutritious foods with some extra benefits.
Biotechnology helps feed the world.
Biotechnology helps the environment.
Biotechnology holds great promise for American farmers and for the environment.
Biotechnology holds great promise for American patients.
Biotechnology holds out our greatest hope of feeding a growing world in a sustainable way.
Biotechnology holds promise for changing that picture and for poverty alleviation.
Biotechnology holds promise.
Biotechnology holds the future of tomatoes.
Biotechnology holds the promise of higher yields and disease free crops.
Biotechnology holds the promise of incredible improvement.
Biotechnology holds tremendous benefits for society.
Biotechnology holds tremendous promise for the developing world.
Biotechnology holds tremendous promise globally for food consumers, producers, and the environment.
Biotechnology impacts the continuity of life and evolution.
Biotechnology improves on traditional methods by removing the guesswork.
Biotechnology includes food, pharmaceuticals, and genomics.
Biotechnology includes life sciences, biosciences and medical sciences.
Biotechnology increases the profits of only corporations.
Biotechnology influences almost all areas of business, agriculture and medicine in today s world.
Biotechnology involves swapping genetic coding between plants.
Biotechnology involves the use of the natural processes found in microorganisms, plants and animals.
Biotechnology involves using the latest in molecular biology for commercial applications.
Biotechnology is a big and controversial field of science.
Biotechnology is a booming bussiness employing thousands of microbiologists.
Biotechnology is a broad field.
Biotechnology is a broad term for a very multi-faceted industry.
Biotechnology is a broad umbrella encompassing the polarities of fundamental and applied research.
Biotechnology is a burgeoning field and a natural fit for the Seacoast area.
Biotechnology is a case in which such an expansion has had recursive consequences.
Biotechnology is a collection of links to resources organized by subject.
Biotechnology is a developing industry with great promise for the future.
Biotechnology is a difficult subject to get one's head around.
Biotechnology is a driving force in the patent industry today.
Biotechnology is a driving force of change.
Biotechnology is a frontier area of science with a high promise for the welfare of humanity.
Biotechnology is a good one to start with.
Biotechnology is a growing area.
Biotechnology is a growing field providing many advances in numerous areas of human interest.
Biotechnology is a growing science and industry.
Biotechnology is a growing, high risk industry.
Biotechnology is a high-technology industry that employs highly trained personnel.
Biotechnology is a key to that future.
Biotechnology is a kind of nanotechnology.
Biotechnology is a much more hotly debated issue in Europe than in the states.
Biotechnology is a multifaceted area of biological science with a wide range of applications.
Biotechnology is a natural area for cooperation between Egypt and Israel.
Biotechnology is a new area.
Biotechnology is a new field of study opening up in crop and soil sciences.
Biotechnology is a new, vibrant discipline.
Biotechnology is a part of an ongoing biomolecular revolution and therefore a moving target.
Biotechnology is a part of our daily lives.
Biotechnology is a postgraduate course designed to prepare the participants for work in industry.
Biotechnology is a potent and valuable tool that can help make foods more productive and nutritious.
Biotechnology is a prime example.
Biotechnology is a problem area, too, for different reasons.
Biotechnology is a process that enhances taste, flavor and nutritional value of foods.
Biotechnology is a promising enviro-friendly solution to future world hunger.
Biotechnology is a quantum leap in selective breeding and crop improvement.
Biotechnology is a rapidly growing industry.
Biotechnology is a relatively recent field of research and things are still moving in Europe.
Biotechnology is a relatively small industry, but is growing rapidly.
Biotechnology is a risky business .
Biotechnology is a science that is most likely the science.
Biotechnology is a technical scientific issue.
Biotechnology is a tool.
Biotechnology is a type of information technology.
Biotechnology is a valuable tool to advance environmental stewardship.
Biotechnology is a very popular study of science in the state of Iowa.
Biotechnology is a vital area.
Biotechnology is about making money for the biotech industry.
Biotechnology is all that stands between a burgeoning world population and starvation.
Biotechnology is already big business.
Biotechnology is already everywhere.
Biotechnology is already old hat in the agricultural arena.
Biotechnology is also a competitive business.
Biotechnology is also a leading hard-currency earner for Cuba.
Biotechnology is also a major target for investors.
Biotechnology is also a priority for U.S. foreign policy cooperation with Egypt.
Biotechnology is an absolutely major sphere.
Biotechnology is an applied science that uses the basic ingredients of life to make new products.
Biotechnology is an area of biology that is growing rapidly.
Biotechnology is an area of equally bitter dispute.
Biotechnology is an area of so many possibilities.
Biotechnology is an emergent technological sector with the consequent economic risks.
Biotechnology is an enigma wrapped in a mystery and there is a lack of knowledge about it.
Biotechnology is an evolution of traditional agricultural methods.
Biotechnology is an exciting field and has tremendous potential to impact human health.
Biotechnology is an extremely important issue.
Biotechnology is an important tool for fighting hunger.
Biotechnology is an increasingly important, and controversial topic in agriculture.
Biotechnology is an interesting example.
Biotechnology is an international boom industry.
Biotechnology is an umbrella term for a series of different tools.
Biotechnology is another area of growing cooperation between the United States and Africa.
Biotechnology is another challenge, but also an opportunity.
Biotechnology is another emerging area of concern.
Biotechnology is another important focus of the congress.
Biotechnology is another key enabling technology for the future.
Biotechnology is another means for generating new genotypes.
Biotechnology is another tool for farmers to utilize to bring abundance to America.
Biotechnology is as old as industrial microbiology going back to pre-Biblical days.
Biotechnology is as old as winemaking and animal husbandry, yet as new as recombinant DNA methods.
Biotechnology is at the apex of a reconfiguration of science, medicine, and agriculture.
Biotechnology is at the cusp of a major growth phase.
Biotechnology is bad for human health.
Biotechnology is based on a mechanistic worldview developed more than four-hundred years ago.
Biotechnology is beneficial to both consumers and the environment.
Biotechnology is beneficial to consumers, food processors and farmers.
Biotechnology is big business and enormous potential profits are at stake.
Biotechnology is big business.
Biotechnology is big news.
Biotechnology is biotechnology.
Biotechnology is both an intellectual and an economic pursuit.
Biotechnology is by far our biggest area for visits.
Biotechnology is compatible with sustainable agriculture.
Biotechnology is currently among the fastest growing fields in the world.
Biotechnology is currently one of the fastest expanding fields in the United States.
Biotechnology is currently one of the most prominent new technologies.
Biotechnology is defined as the use of living organisms to make commercial products.
Biotechnology is defined by the tools used to practice it.
Biotechnology is engineering.
Biotechnology is expensive.
Biotechnology is extraordinarily research intensive.
Biotechnology is extremely research intensive.
Biotechnology is good for agricultural trade only in the long run.
Biotechnology is good for poor farmers.
Biotechnology is important for the students simply because it affects their lives.
Biotechnology is increasingly important in modern agriculture.
Biotechnology is incredibly speculative.
Biotechnology is indeed the flavour of the year.
Biotechnology is just one tool.
Biotechnology is likely to come up with new therapies for many more unconquered diseases.
Biotechnology is listed as an industry.
Biotechnology is molecular biology
Biotechnology is molecular biology.
Biotechnology is Murder is a combination white collar crime medical thriller hard-boiled mystery.
Biotechnology is no different.
Biotechnology is no exception.
Biotechnology is no longer a wish and a prayer.
Biotechnology is no solution.
Biotechnology is old.
Biotechnology is on the verge of having a major economic impact.
Biotechnology is one field which has the potential to change the course of life itself.
Biotechnology is one of amongst many issues they look at.
Biotechnology is one of many ways to develop new products.
Biotechnology is one of the areas having a particularly hard time recruiting workers and scientists.
Biotechnology is one of the fastest growing industries is the world.
Biotechnology is one of the fastest growing sectors in the world economy.
Biotechnology is one of the few markets in that exact type of scenario.
Biotechnology is one of the high-techs at the fastest development speed worldwide.
Biotechnology is one of the industries state planners say can provide stable, good-paying jobs.
Biotechnology is one of the key, expanding, high-tech areas of important economical impact.
Biotechnology is one of the main growth areas in science.
Biotechnology is one of the most extensively researched agricultural developments ever.
Biotechnology is one of the most extensively researched and reviewed agricultural developments ever.
Biotechnology is one of the most extensively researched and reviewed developments in agriculture.
Biotechnology is one of the most prestigious, fastest growing sectors in the global economy.
Biotechnology is one of the most promising, and most controversial, technologies of our times.
Biotechnology is one of the most research-intensive industries in the world.
Biotechnology is one of the world's fastest growing industrial sectors.
Biotechnology is one of tomorrow's tools in our hands today.
Biotechnology is one the world s fastest growing and exciting scientific disciplines.
Biotechnology is one tool in our arsenal for feeding the world in the future.
Biotechnology is only one item on the global agenda.
Biotechnology is our greatest hope.
Biotechnology is our weapon.
Biotechnology is part of the strategy to produce more with less, right now.
Biotechnology is primarily an economic tool.
Biotechnology is probably New York's best buffer against economic decline.
Biotechnology is radically different from our common experience.
Biotechnology is really no more than a name given to a set of techniques and processes.
Biotechnology is relatively new.
Biotechnology is responsible for breakthroughs that have benefitted people for centuries.
Biotechnology is said to be the cure for world hunger.
Biotechnology is said to offer a solution.
Biotechnology is science s new frontier.
Biotechnology is science's new frontier.
Biotechnology is simple and accessible.
Biotechnology is simply the latest development in the evolution of agricultural methods.
Biotechnology is simply, positive evolution.
Biotechnology is substantially a research driven technology requiring highly skilled labour.
Biotechnology is surveyed by a combination of hands-on and simulated experiences.
Biotechnology is the application of all the basic stuff that's been put into their heads.
Biotechnology is the application of biological knowledge to useful ends.
Biotechnology is the application of biological science.
Biotechnology is the application of biological systems towards the manufacture of useful products.
Biotechnology is the application of biological techniques to product research and development.
Biotechnology is the application of engineering and technology in life science.
Biotechnology is the application of science.
Biotechnology is the business of biological sciences.
Biotechnology is the commercial use of living organisms.
Biotechnology is the development of products and services which are based on biological processes.
Biotechnology is the direct manipulation of our genes.
Biotechnology is the engineering of enhanced biological organs, genetics, and cloning.
Biotechnology is the first item.
Biotechnology is the foundation for numerous areas of research.
Biotechnology is the industry of the future.
Biotechnology is the most powerful bundle of new technologies currently under development.
Biotechnology is the next big thing.
Biotechnology is the only tool that looks capable of achieving that goal.
Biotechnology is the perfect example.
Biotechnology is the practical application of biological science.
Biotechnology is the prefect example of imperfection.
Biotechnology is the science of the present.
Biotechnology is the science of using living organisms to improve our lives, health or environment.
Biotechnology is the technology of the future.
Biotechnology is the use of living organisms to create or improve products.
Biotechnology is the use of living things to make products.
Biotechnology is the use of living things, or life processes to make something useful.
Biotechnology is the use of organisms or their products to improve human health and food production.
Biotechnology is the use of to change the genetic makeup of living things for human purposes.
Biotechnology is therefore good for the environment. . .
Biotechnology is therefore good for the environment.
Biotechnology is therefore unlikely to benefit the poor in the short term.
Biotechnology is too costly to increase farmer s profits.
Biotechnology is under attack, with little evidence that it has done anything wrong.
Biotechnology is unlikely to turn it into a locally ecologically vigorous organism.
Biotechnology is used as a tool to overcome domestication and marketing problems.
Biotechnology is used to advance knowledge of cell reproduction and human disease.
Biotechnology is, of course, dependent on life itself.
Biotechnology isa biology.
Biotechnology leads the way in medical innovation by confronting life's most threatening illnesses.
Biotechnology literally means then the study of techniques applied in living systems.
Biotechnology maintains varietal identity but can only improve traits under simple control.
Biotechnology makes lots of things possible.
Biotechnology makes possible the development of crops protected from certain types of plant viruses.
Biotechnology means different things to different people.
Biotechnology means lots of life forms.
Biotechnology needs a strong university base, from which theories and workers can be recruited.
Biotechnology needs to be integrated with the industry.
Biotechnology now makes it possible to create previously undreamed-of vaccines.
Biotechnology obviously raises significant issues of safety and ethics.
Biotechnology offers a variety of career opportunities.
Biotechnology offers benefits across the spectrum.
Biotechnology offers contributions to further decrease unit costs and to improve farmers' margins.
Biotechnology offers different approaches to a single problem.
Biotechnology offers help to prevent such tragedies.
Biotechnology offers huge benefits for humankind, especially in medicine.
Biotechnology offers many important benefits.
Biotechnology offers many potential benefits.
Biotechnology offers promise .
Biotechnology offers the chance to change medicine forever.
Biotechnology offers the possibility of an essential change in medicine.
Biotechnology offers the potential to produce more food using fewer inputs and less land.
Biotechnology plays a key role in waste treatment and remediation.
Biotechnology plays an important part of our daily lives.
Biotechnology poses potential risks.
Biotechnology presents both potential benefits and risks.
Biotechnology presents new challenges for organic agriculture.
Biotechnology presents particular risks for disabled people .
Biotechnology presents particular risks for disabled people.
Biotechnology presents the possibility of correcting genetic disorders.
Biotechnology produces safe, high quality and abundant crops, helping to keep food prices low.
Biotechnology promises a range of benefits for people around the world.
Biotechnology promises mega-profits and a better life.
Biotechnology promises to accelerate the momentum in breeding still higher-yielding seeds.
Biotechnology promises to improve the quality of life for people around the world.
Biotechnology promises to meet a wide range of human needs.
Biotechnology protects our environment.
Biotechnology provides a number of benefits.
Biotechnology provides a very powerful set of solutions.
Biotechnology provides new, high nutrition foods such as vegetable oil from canola.
Biotechnology provides treatments.
Biotechnology raises two types of consumer concerns.
Biotechnology ranges over every area of lievestock.
Biotechnology receives increasing attention in special development projects of international donors.
Biotechnology relies upon using safe, reliable, cultures and related resources.
Biotechnology remains a hot issue.
Biotechnology represents the fastest growing area of employment growth for the future.
Biotechnology represents the potential to improve the nutritional quality of food.
Biotechnology results from mergers of seed companies and pesticide companies.
Biotechnology seems to be a great field to pursue.
Biotechnology seems to be the next step in the American manufacturing saga.
Biotechnology simply tries to find ways to hook into the ultimate machine.
Biotechnology still remains separate from nanotechnology efforts.
Biotechnology symbolizes the liberation of the body.
Biotechnology touches on central issues of life, human identity and religion.
Biotechnology updates from the organization.
Biotechnology uses enzymes to bio-convert, synthesize or degrade molecules and chemicals.
Biotechnology uses living organisms to create new products.
Biotechnology uses techniques.
Biotechnology uses technological science to improve plants and animals.
Biotechnology workshops for teachers.
Most biotechnology provides treatments.
Most biotechnology uses techniques.
Some biotechnology depends upon genetic engineering.
Bioterrorism is a looming threat, increasingly so within the borders of the United States.
Bioterrorism is a silent, but very real threat.
Bioterrorism is a terrorist act
Bioterrorism is a topic that has recently been the subject of intense study and debate.
Bioterrorism is always a criminal act.
Bioterrorism is terrorism.
Bioterrorism is the deliberate use of microorganisms, or their toxins, to cause death or disease.
Bioterrorism is usually an accident.
Bioterrorism isa event.
Bioterrorism remains an ever-present threat.
Biotic agents are organisms such as fungi and bacteria.
Biotic communities live in climate zones.
Biotic communities live in zones.
Biotic community undergo a life cycle .
Most biotic communities live in climate zones.
Most biotic communities live in zones.
Biotic components are the living components in the ecosystem such as plants and animals.
Biotic components interact with abiotic components to obtain all the necessary conditions.
Biotic components interact with each other to determine the success of life in the ecosystem.
Biotic conditions can change with time.
Biotic degradation is promoted by the bottle surface which bacteria can colonize.
Biotic environments change Organisms change environments, too.
Biotic factors affect communities.
Biotic factors affect populations of organisms.
Biotic factors are all the living parts of a habitat.
Biotic factors are all the organisms that share an environment.
Biotic factors are also capable of affecting plant growth.
Biotic factors are diseases and insects.
Biotic factors are influences on organisms in an ecosystem.
Biotic factors are the influences on an organism due to the presence of other organisms.
Biotic factors are the living aspects of the ecosystem in which an organism lives and is a part of.
Biotic factors are the living components in the ecosystem such as animals and plants.
Biotic factors are the living components of an ecosystem.
Biotic factors are the living factors that affect an organism.
Biotic factors are the living organisms in an ecosystem.
Biotic factors are the living things in the ecosystem.
Biotic factors determine distribution.
Biotic factors include presence.
Biotic factors refer to both animals and plants.
Many biotic factors are too tiny to be seen.
More biotic factors includes all of the native plants that inhabits the taiga biome.
Most biotic factors affect communities.
Most biotic factors determine distribution.
Some biotic factors affect germination.
Some biotic factors affect habitat selections.
Some biotic factors affect selections.
Some biotic factors affect success.
Biotic indices can give an indication of the quality of the water.
Biotic interactions govern genetic adaptation to toxicants.
Biotic invasions are major episodes of immigration of exotic species.
Biotic mechanisms require a living organism like biotic biology- life.
Biotic organism is able to reproduce themselves.
Biotic organisms are defined as the living elements such as micro-organisms, animals, and plants.
Biotic potential is the existing number of offspring that can be produced.
Biotic resources are based on living organisms, obtained from the biosphere.
Biotic resources are obtained from the biosphere .
Biotic selections are more important.
Biotic stress summarizes insect pest and disease problems and host-pathogen interactions.
Biotic succession is of shortest duration.
Biotic systems provide a variety of services necessary for human health and welfare.
Biotic variation affects photosynthetic responses.
Biotic variation affects responses.
Most biotic variation affects photosynthetic responses.
Most biotic variation affects responses.
Biotin catabolism is accelerated in adults receiving long-term therapy with anticonvulsants.
Biotin deficiencies are rare but can result in anorexia, nausea and depression.
Biotin deficiency causes dermatitis and hair loss.
Biotin deficiency induces changes in subpopulations of spleen lymphocytes in mice.
Biotin supplements are also available.
Biotin toxicity is rare to nonexistent.
Biotin is a B vitamin
Some biotin is available in a wide range of foods, though amounts are always very small.
Biotinylated probes are stable for months, and can be reused many times.
Biotite granite occurs in the schists.
A biotite is a mineral
Biotite appears in shale, phyllite, and schist derived from shale protoliths.
Biotite is a mica as well as a ferromagnesian mineral.
Biotite is a type of mica, a family of sheet silicates.
Biotite is abundant at the north quarter post of SEc.
Biotite is ferromagnesian black mica, and muscovite is potassic white mica.
Biotite is ferromagnesian black mica.
Biotites are micas.
Biotites are minerals.
Some biotite is also present.
Most biotrophic fungi are obligatory parasites.
Biotrophic parasitism is an extremely successful mode of life.
Bioturbated intervals are rare to intensive.
A biotype is genotype
Biotypes are genotype.
Biotypes exist with floral rhythms which oppose the floral rhythms of other biotypes.
Biotypes represent evolutionary transitions during speciation.
BioTypes usually correspond to blood types.
Some biotypes are potentially more cyanogenic.
Some biotypes are resistant to certain herbicides.
Some biowarfare agents kill within minutes.
BIP format provides optimal spectral processing performance.
Biparental care is illustrated by shared male and female incubation periods.
Bipartisan agreement is all too rare.
Bipartisan agreement is well within our reach.
Bipartisan cooperation is just another way to protect the status quo.
Bipartisan reform is needed to ensure the program remains fiscally sound.
Bipartisan solutions are within our reach.
Bipartisan support is an absolute necessity to improve public education.
Bipartite viruses have two genome segments, tripartite viruses have three genome segments.
Bipes has two small front limbs.
Biped robots form a subclass of legged or walking robots.
A biped is an animal
Bipeds have it good.
Bipedal dinosaurs have feet.
Bipedal dinosaurs include ancestors.
Most bipedal dinosaurs have feet.
Some bipedal dinosaurs have enormous teeth.
Some bipedal dinosaurs have teeth.
Bipedal locomotion is found in humans and in birds.
Bipedal locomotion is presently several times more efficient than locomotion on crutches.
Some bipedal motion leads to evolution.
Some bipedal predators leap into air.
Some bipedal predators prey on synapsids.
Bipedalism exposes less body surface to direct solar radiation.
Bipedalism is a property
Bipedalism is quite common in the animal world.
Biphasic charts are normal, with slight elevation of temperature in second half of cycle.
Biphasic elimination is seen in a number of animal species.
Biphthalate crystals are stable in a vacuum.
A biplane is a plane
Biplane rides available.
Biplanes are airplanes.
Biplanes can usually have more lift than similar monoplanes , but also create more drag .
Biplanes can usually have more lift than similar monoplanes, but also create more drag.
Biplanes have a stronger structure but they produce more drag than normal fixed-wing aircraft .
Biplanes have a stronger structure but they produce more drag than normal fixed-wing aircraft.
Bipolar cell is inhibited from firing.
Bipolar cells activate ganglion cells ganglion cells send action potential to brain.
Bipolar cells are neurons.
Bipolar cells can respond in two general ways to incoming light.
Bipolar children feel scared all the time.
Bipolar children share advice with each other.
Many bipolar children are simply unmanageable.
Many bipolar children refuse to sleep for days at a time.
Most bipolar children have attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder .
Most bipolar children have attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Bipolar depression includes periods of high or mania.
Bipolar depression is one that recurs in some sort of a pattern.
Bipolar depression is the more serious of the two types.
Bipolar depression is the technical term for people who suffer from manic depression.
Bipolar depression occurs when depressed states alternate with manic states.
Bipolar disorder accounts for a large proportion of children s psychiatric hospitalizations.
Bipolar disorder can be difficult to understand.
Bipolar disorder can be severe and long-term, or it can be mild with infrequent episodes.
Bipolar disorder can have episodes of just mania or mania and depression together.
Bipolar disorder can have significant consequences on an individual's life.
Bipolar disorder causes extreme changes in mood, thinking, and behavior.
Bipolar disorder causes severe changes of mood and behavior.
Bipolar disorder does occur in preadolescents, although it is uncommon.
Bipolar disorder has a strong genetic influence.
Bipolar disorder has heterogeneous outcome.
Bipolar disorder involves cycles of depression and elation or mania.
Bipolar disorder involves cycles of mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder involves episodes of mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder involves unusual shifts in mood, energy, and functioning.
Bipolar disorder is a chemical deficiency.
Bipolar disorder is a chronic medical condition that can be hard to treat.
Bipolar disorder is a chronic mental health disorder that is genetic in nature.
Bipolar disorder is a combination of depression and manic or hypomanic episodes.
Bipolar disorder is a common but serious mental illness.
Bipolar disorder is a complex, chronic disease.
Bipolar disorder is a lifelong disease.
Bipolar disorder is a lifetime illness.
Bipolar disorder is a major lifelong condition.
Bipolar disorder is a medical disorder requiring a lifetime of medication.
Bipolar disorder is a medical disorder.
Bipolar disorder is a neurobiological brain disorder involving extremes in mood.
Bipolar disorder is a recurring illness.
Bipolar disorder is a serious, but treatable disorder of the brain chemistry.
Bipolar disorder is a serious, potentially fatal illness.
Bipolar disorder is a widely misunderstood condition.
Bipolar disorder is affective disorder.
Bipolar disorder is an emotional disturbance
Bipolar disorder is an illness that causes extreme mood swings.
Bipolar disorder is an illness that needs long-term management.
Bipolar disorder is an illness where the person's state of mind alternates between extremes.
Bipolar disorder is associated with hypomania.
Bipolar disorder is caused by a dominant gene on the X chromosome.
Bipolar disorder is characterised by extreme states of mind, from depression through to mania.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by alternating cycles of depression and mania.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by alternating episodes of mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by bouts of depression and mania.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by bouts of mania followed by bouts of depressions.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by dramatic mood swings between mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by episodes of mania alternating with episodes of depression.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by mood swings, from depression to mania.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by periods of depression which give way to manic episodes.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by periods of mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder is characterized by symptoms that fall into several major categories.
Bipolar disorder is clinical depressions.
Bipolar disorder is diagnosed in equal numbers of men and women.
Bipolar disorder is different in children than it is in adults.
Bipolar disorder is discussed in detail.
Bipolar disorder is diseases.
Bipolar disorder is equally common in men and women in the United States.
Bipolar disorder is highly responsive to treatment with mood stabilizers, including lithium.
Bipolar disorder is marked by incidents of mania.
Bipolar disorder is more common in adolescents than in younger children.
Bipolar disorder is often a chronic recurring condition.
Bipolar disorder is often difficult to recognize and diagnose.
Bipolar disorder is one of the most well researched mental illnesses.
Bipolar disorder is probably due to the interaction of many different genes.
Bipolar disorder is probably the best known mood disorder.
Bipolar disorder is rare before puberty.
Bipolar disorder is real.
Bipolar disorder is recognized by episodes of mania or depression separated by periods of wellness.
Bipolar disorder is the new name for what used to be called manic depression.
Bipolar disorder is thought to be genetic.
Bipolar disorder is treatable, but if ignored, the condition is likely to worsen by the day.
Bipolar disorder is treated with medicine to stop the mood swings.
Bipolar disorder is when people alternate between episodes of mania and depression.
Bipolar disorder occurs more often among creative writers and artists.
Bipolar disorder tends to be inherited.
Bipolar disorder tends to run in families and is believed to be inherited in many cases.
Bipolar disorder tends to run in families, and is believed to be inherited in many cases.
Bipolar disorder tends to run in families, and there is strong evidence that it is inherited.
Bipolar disorder tends to run in families.
Bipolar disorder tends to worsen with age.
Bipolar disorders are a universal phenomenon, however, and occur in all races and nationalities.
Bipolar disorders are different in children than in adults.
Bipolar disorders involve periods of depression followed by periods of mania.
Bipolar forceps apply an electric current which seals the blood vessels and prevents bleeding.
Bipolar illness can cause serious problems for the sufforer and family members.
Bipolar illness has different forms and everyone responds to treatment differently.
Bipolar illness is a biological disease.
Bipolar illness is a combination of intense, energetic highs and extreme lows.
Bipolar illness is a complex array of symptoms, often missed or misdiagnosed.
Bipolar illness is also a significant risk factor for suicide.
Bipolar illness is systemic, genetic, lifelong and dangerous.
Bipolar illness is treatable.
Bipolar individuals enter disproportionately into the arts.
Bipolar magnets are magnets with both north and south.
Bipolar neurons are spindle-shaped, with one process at each end.
Bipolar neurons are the middle layer and the rods and cones are the outermost layer of the retina.
Bipolar neurons have one axon and one dendrite at opposite poles of a rounded body.
Bipolar neurons have one axon and one dendritic tree at opposing ends of the cell body.
Bipolar pacemakers have two electrodes at the catheter tip.
Bipolar pathways are more direct than amacrine ones.
Bipolar patients can be a very demanding and manipulative kind of client.
Some bipolar people have depression and mania at the same time .
Some bipolar people have depression and mania at the same time.
Bipolar steppers require that the polarity of power to the coils be reversed.
Bipolar type is associated with the presence of manic or mixed episodes.
Bipolar youth are particularly at risk for suicide.
Bipropellant exhaust constitutes a larger contamination concern than hydrazine monopropellant.
Biracial children are, as a group, as successful as other children.
Biracial children exhibit maximum genetic variability.
BiRAL lubricants feature a unique, incredibly tough, almost unbreakable lubricating film.
Birch Creek is a fantastic test of golf.
Birch Creek is Door County's unique summer music school and concert venue.
Birch Creek is open to the public.
Birch Creek provides for a wide variety of primitive-based recreation opportunities.
Birch Lake is well known for trophy Walleye and Northern Pike.
Birch oil is a salicylate
Birch oil is also a diuretic and blood cleaner, and is locally warming.
Birch plywood is our core product.
A birch tree is a tree
Birch trees are a landscaper's prize specimen.
Birch trees are birch.
Birch trees are colonizers that easily exploit tree clearings.
Birch trees are deciduous and the wood burns hot and fast, as if soaked with oil or kerosene.
Birch trees are deciduous plants.
Birch trees are trees.
Birch trees are very prominent in Finland and they have beautiful forests.
Birch trees bear their tiny, wind-pollinated flowers in catkins.
Birch trees grow in places.
Birch trees have a number of minor pests.
Birch trees hide the birthing lodge.
Birch trees stand in the left hand corner.
Birch trees turn yellow only.
Most birch trees grow in places.
Some birch trees are large enough.
Birch has leaves.
Birch is a switch
Birch is Kansas' choice for reliable local, long-distance, Web hosting and equipment services.
Birch is plants.
Birch is switchs.
Birch is trees.
Birch is wood.
Birch isa wood.
Birches are a common sight in New England.
Birches are one of the most popular domestic trees in Finland.
Birches are popular, but be cautious.
Birches are stiff, but supple trees with many branches.
Birches are susceptible to the bronze birch borer and the birch leaf miner.
Birches bend over clipped lawns and hanging-plant porches with wicker love seats.
Birches grow best in cool, moist, shaded locations.
Birches have a very shallow root system that can destroy driveways and sidewalks.
Birches have a wide and shallow root system.
Birches injured are the gray birch, white birch, yellow birch, and European birch.
Birches prefer moist, rich, fairly rocky ground, though they grow in a variety of soils.
Birches require a slightly acidic soil.
Birches show their beauty amid rows of evergreens.
Birches situated in moist areas are long-lived.
Birches tolerate leafminers best when they are planted in shady, cool, moist areas.
Birches weave in and out of the evergreens on the shores.
Birchs are large, hardy and seemingly indestructible.
Birches usually have slender, graceful habits.
All birches have a fine, uniform texture.
Many birch favours The birch's bark and slender habit makes it popular.
Most birch has leaves.
Most birches have very scaly bark.
Most birches prefer moist, sandy and loamy soil.
Some birch has density.
Some birch shows growth.
Some birch shows negative growth.
Bird bands provide a treasure trove of information for research as well.
Bird baths are a good way of providing a water source for birds.
Bird baths are even better if they have a spray of some kind.
Bird baths are usually shallow so the birds won t worry about falling in.
Bird baths can be as simple as a ceramic saucer to as complex as a concrete fountain with a mister.
Bird baths can be either a dish in the bottom of the cage or a light misting with a spray bottle.
Bird baths can be on the ground, on a pedestal or hung from a branch.
Bird baths fill with fresh water.
Bird baths fill with water.
Most bird baths fill with fresh water.
Most bird baths fill with water.
Bird behavior is funny, although nowhere near as complex as human behavior.
Bird behavior varies for different species and types of birds, and even between genders.
Some bird behavior is instinctive, whilst other behavior is learned.
Some bird behavior shows intelligence.
Bird bone weighs about half as much as mammal bone because the bird bone is hollow.
Bird bones are hollow and therefore light.
Bird bones are strong and hollow with inside supports.
Bird bones are very light and filled with air.
Most bird bones are hollow and filled with air from the bird's lungs.
Bird books are also available at most book stores.
Bird books are available at island stores.
Bird boxes stand among the trees.
Bird brains are obviously a delicacy for the pikas.
Bird cages are also visible in many postcards.
Bird cages are used in the home to contain a pet bird , such as a parakeet or a canary .
Bird cages are used in the home to contain a pet bird, such as a parakeet or a canary.
Bird call is talking rather than singing in Aboriginal cultures, only humans can sing.
Bird calls are another group of sounds that give people pleasure.
Bird calls are loud.
Bird calls are mostly adjectives with few verbs.
Bird calls are usually short and to the point.
Bird calls fill the nearby trees.
Some bird calls are beautiful sounds.
Bird conservation is a field in the science of conservation biology related to threatened birds .
Bird control is accomplished in many ways.
Bird control is the major issue, particularly on small plantings.
Bird counts are valuable tools for gaining information about birds wintering in our area.
Bird Creek is closed to king salmon fishing.
Bird Creek is well known for producing a great run of feisty silver salmon.
Bird diets provide necessary nutrition.
Bird diversity occurs in regions.
Bird diversity occurs in tropical regions.
A bird dog is a gun dog
Bird dogs are bird intensive.
Bird dogs are somewhat the same as hunting retrievers.
Bird eggs lose water.
Bird feed is also available in the market.
A bird feeder is a device
Bird feeders abound.
Bird feeders are an obvious target for the bears, which love sunflower seeds.
Bird feeders are available for all age groups.
Bird feeders are devices.
Bird feeders are excellent food sources.
Bird feeders are great educational projects for children.
Bird feeders are the number one reason for human-bear conflict in Montana.
Bird feeders are within view outside.
Bird feeders attract bears.
Bird feeders attract kinds.
Bird feeders attract many varieties of birds, winter and summer.
Bird feeders attract some colorful characters.
Bird feeders can attract all kinds of sparrows.
Bird feeders can attract other animals, including bears.
Bird feeders can be an important source of food for sparrows, especially during the winter.
Bird feeders can be either homemade or bought commercially.
Bird feeders can be elaborate, store-bought affairs or as simple as one made from a milk carton.
Bird feeders come in various designs to attract different species.
Bird feeders don t have to be complicated.
Bird feeders dot the center's grounds.
Bird feeders draw cardinals to backyards.
Bird feeders make excellent gifts.
Bird feeders make great gifts.
All bird feeders are well drained to keep seed safe and dry.
Most bird feeders attract kinds.
Some bird feeders have a hopper for seeds and suet cages on the sides of the hopper.
Some bird feeders have a hopper for seeds, and suet cages on the sides of the hopper.
Some bird feeders have no perches at all, but neither do tree trunks.
Bird feeding adds a food source and brings birds close for easy observation.
Bird feeding is a local hobby enjoyed by many residents.
Bird feeding is a popular activity almost everywhere.
Bird feeding is good for the economy.
Bird feeding is ideally a year round experience.
Bird feeding is one of the most popular outdoor activities in the United States.
Bird feeding is recreation and an important way for people to become interactive with wildlife.
Bird feeding is the activity of feeding wild birds, often by means of a bird feeder .
Bird feeding is the primary birding activity enjoyed in winter.
Bird feeding is the second most popular hobby among American adults.
Bird feeding seems like the perfect out-door activity.
Bird flight can tell people a lot about what a bird is.
Bird flight is an amazing sight to behold.
Bird flocks are often competitive rather than cooperative assemblages.
Bird food provides diets.
Bird food provides nutritious diets.
Most bird food provides diets.
Most bird food provides nutritious diets.
Bird garden is accessible, gravel paths.
Bird hawks are feisty and smart.
Bird houses are always a big hit.
Bird houses are fun to make and attract many nesting birds.
Bird houses is the topic of their first segment.
Bird houses yield a different sort of shelter, a nesting site.
All bird houses come apart for easy cleaning.
All bird houses have a vent hole and water drain to protect birds from heat and rain.
Bird identification can be a band or microchip number, the birds name or even a cage number.
Bird identification is for the most part easier than insect or spider identification say.
Bird identification is one of many skills for connecting to nature.
Bird Island has men's and women's shower houses as well as handi-accessible showers.
Bird Island is on the north eastern side of the island.
Bird Island lies at the northern tip of the island of South Georgia.
Bird life abound.
Bird life abounds despite diminishing habitat space.
Bird life abounds due to riparian habitat.
Bird life abounds in the general area and at least eighty five different types breed here.
Bird life abounds in the migratory seasons.
Bird life abounds with eagles, hawks, storks, herons, and migratory birds flying alongside the raft.
Bird life abounds.
Bird life includes large numbers of grasshopper and lark sparrows.
Bird life is abundant across the island, including many shorebird, waterfowl, and songbird species.
Bird life is abundant and includes many songbirds, waterfowl, and predator species.
Bird life is abundant and varied.
Bird life is abundant in and along the river.
Bird life is abundant on that trail and the osprey can sometimes be seen diving for fish.
Bird life is abundant on the area.
Bird life is abundant throughout the park.
Bird life is abundant with over one hundred and twenty native or visiting species.
Bird life is abundant, and there are numerous species of rare succulents in the surrounding desert.
Bird life is abundant, and vultures, osprey, hawks, and owls are year-round residents.
Bird life is abundant, including the rare golden-cheeked warbler.
Bird life is abundant, noisy and industrious.
Bird life is abundant. .
Bird life is abundant.
Bird life is also abundant and varied, the most conspicuous being the sunbirds.
Bird life is also abundant especially on the golf course around sunset.
Bird life is also abundant within the park.
Bird life is also abundant.
Bird life is also diverse in the park.
Bird life is also very varied including many waders and wildfowl.
Bird life is concentrated here, attracted by the hatches that also feed the fish.
Bird life is diverse with robins, warblers, pine siskins, hawks and owls being commonly seen.
Bird life is diverse with species from heath, shore and sea given the coastal location.
Bird life is equally prolific.
Bird life is equally rich with numerous species of bustards, plovers, coursers and birds of prey.
Bird life is extraordinary with unusual species of hummingbirds, trogons, and turkey, among others.
Bird life is extremely rich.
Bird life is more conspicuous.
Bird life is more prolific and acacia trees make their first appearance.
Bird life is most abundant in the flood plain.
Bird life is plentiful along the river.
Bird life is plentiful too.
Bird life is prolific and outdoor activities available nearby.
Bird life is prolific and the area is a botanists delight.
Bird life is prolific throughout the region.
Bird life is prolific.
Bird life is quite varied.
Bird life is really abundant - lots of petrels, shearwaters, gulls and albatrosses.
Bird life is rich and varies according to the presence of migratory species.
Bird life is rich.
Bird life is secretive.
Bird life is so prolific here thanks to the profusion of plankton, fish and other sea life.
Bird life is varied, with forest birds such as tui and bellbirds.
Bird life provides interest throughout the year, with many waterfowl overwintering.
Bird life ranges from common vultures to more rare species such as anhingas and flamingos.
Bird life varies markedly across the state, responding to the conditions typical of the region.
Bird lists are available at the park office.
Bird lists are available from the park entry station.
Bird lists are free at the gift shop for avid birders.
Bird lungs are located more against the bones of the back, and are relatively non-expansible.
Bird lungs are much better at getting oxygen out of the air than human lungs.
Bird lungs are radically different to the lungs of mammals.
Bird lungs are special, because they have an opening at each end.
Bird lungs contain end sac alveoluses.
Bird lungs fill up with air.
Bird lungs look nothing like alligator lungs or human lungs for that matter.
Most bird lungs contain end sac alveoluses.
Most bird lungs fill up with air.
Bird mammals have predators.
Bird mammals play important roles.
Bird mammals play roles.
Bird migration appears to be an evolutionarily and ecologically labile trait.
Bird migration continues along the coastline.
Bird migration has tradition.
Bird migration is among the most miraculous and mysterious of natural phenomena.
Bird migration is common.
Bird migration is the regular seasonal journey undertaken by many species of birds.
Bird migration represents a masterpiece of biological adaptation and programming.
Most bird migration has tradition.
Bird milk is an extremely rich food, mostly lipids, proteins, vitamins, and minerals.
Bird mites are body-breathers and take in oxygen through pores in their exoskeletan.
Bird mites are known vectors of various pathogens in birds, livestock and humans.
Bird mites are similarly bothersome to poultry, while spider mites are destructive to crops.
Bird mites are very hearty and adaptable to most any environment.
A bird nest is a nest
Bird nests are also a major source of food for insects.
Bird nests are beyond fascinating.
Bird net creates barriers.
Bird netting is effective but extremely expensive.
Bird of prey is a bird
Bird of prey shows daily.
Birds of prey are a special interest.
Birds of prey are abundant, from the martial eagle to the tiny, shrike like pygmy falcon.
Birds of prey are also available for social functions.
Birds of prey are also popular, with feathers, eggs, and live birds bringing top prices.
Birds of prey are also prolific.
Birds of prey are an integral part of the area.
Birds of prey are animals that have adapted to hunting other animals.
Birds of prey are another good indicator of environmental health.
Birds of prey are identified by their powerful beaks and claws.
Birds of prey are in great danger.
Birds of prey are magnificent animals that can be readily seen in both urban and rural areas.
Birds of prey are necessary to keep the earth in balance.
Birds of prey are particularly numerous on moonlit nights.
Birds of prey are plentiful, thriving on the multitudes of migratory birds.
Birds of prey are predaceous, and usually hunt by day.
Birds of prey are predators which help control the animal population.
Birds of prey are pure carnivores.
Birds of prey are rather basic in their thoughts.
Birds of prey are reliable too.
Birds of prey are simply birds that eat other animals.
Birds of prey are the primary predators of rabbits in scrublands and the edge of farmland.
Birds of prey are their primary predators in scrublands.
Birds of prey are usually present, to one extent or another, before and after urbanization occurs.
Birds of prey can be and have been used for scaring pigeons in some urban areas.
Birds of prey can catch the adult bluebird or a newly fledged bluebird.
Birds of prey can help to keep rat and mice numbers down, so they are a useful friend.
Birds of prey eat animals whole.
Birds of prey find good hunting here and are often seen perched on fence posts and rocky outcrops.
Birds of prey found in Egypt include eagles, falcons, vultures, owls, kites, and hawks.
Birds of prey have a fascination for most people.
Birds of prey have a hooked-tip beak for ripping flesh.
Birds of prey have extremely sharp sight, up to eight times sharper than our eyesight.
Birds of prey have feet that are very important for everything they do.
Birds of prey have four toes on each foot.
Birds of prey have good eyesight.
Birds of prey have huge eyes.
Birds of prey have very strong instincts and are very good hunters.
Birds of prey have wider heads with the eyes set apart and facing forward, similar to humans.
Birds of prey inhabit both forests and open lands.
Birds of prey is birds.
Birds of prey is predatory animals.
Birds of prey know they're cool.
Birds of prey means meat eating birds.
Birds of prey tend to kill relatively few farm animals.
All birds of prey are domestic bred within Scotland.
All birds of prey are meat eaters and they have sharp downward pointing beaks.
All birds of prey are scavengers.
All birds of prey kill food with their feet.
Many birds of prey die annually due to secondary poisoning.
Most birds of prey have three toes in front on their feet , and one toe in the back.
Bird photography can be an extremely difficult art and initially it is wise to have realistic aims.
Bird photography can be excellent.
Bird photography dictates the use of a telephoto lens.
Bird photography is a challenging hobby and an excellent way to get to know the birds.
Bird photography is primarily about technique.
Bird photography is very challenging for any camera.
Bird pollination is more common in tropics.
Bird prey causes damage.
Bird prey causes psychological damage.
Bird reproduction is characterized by a. b. c. d. ovoviviparity.
Bird reproduction varies quite widely from one family to another.
Bird ringing is a method of studying wild birds that is still used today.
Bird Rock juts out into the sea like the bow of a ship too old to fight but too proud to sink.
Bird seed is a temptation they just can t resist.
Bird seed is acceptable outside.
Bird skeletons are light and strong.
Bird skeletons pose some special mounting problems.
Bird song calls attention back from thought to the actual world in time.
Bird song fills the air.
Bird song is a series of notes that are repeated in more or less the same sequence.
Bird song is so much more information dense than human speech.
Bird song is stilled and crickets begin their nightly chorus.
Bird songs are a form of tactile communication.
Bird songs are basically related to reproductive activities in one way or another.
Bird songs are long, complicated and repetitive.
Bird songs are songs.
Bird songs are the result of imitation and account for development of bird-language in the past.
Bird songs call from nests high in the forest canopy.
Bird songs can be an excellent means of identifying an elusive species.
Bird songs float in the air.
Many bird songs have regional distinguishing differences in dialect.
Most bird song is of high frequency.
Bird sounds are produced in an organ unique to birds called the syrinx.
Bird sounds are uploaded.
Bird strikes are a serious problem for aviators.
Bird strikes are one example of birds as pests.
Bird strikes can also have environmental consequences.
Bird strikes can be deadly.
Bird strikes cause problems for aircraft and airports nationwide.
Bird strikes occur when a bird strikes a plane, sometimes getting caught in an engine or propeller.
Bird study can combine healthful outdoor activity with the pursuit of beauty and knowledge.
Bird Talk Provides both new and experienced bird owners with information on keeping pet birds.
Bird tracks are common in the Green River Formation of Utah in some locations.
Bird vision is quite unlike human vision.
Bird vocalization is the major model system.
Bird vocalizations are an important model system in our research.
Bird walks are open to all ages and skill levels and no pre-registration if required.
A bird watcher is an animal scientist
Bird watchers are always amazed at the endless song in the yard.
Bird watchers are amateurs.
Bird watchers can delight in the sightings possible here.
Bird watchers can experience incredibly close views of nesting sea birds.
Bird watchers can get their fill sitting on one of the porches or browsing around the property.
Bird watchers can plant sago pondweed and northern arrowhead.
Bird watchers flock here.
Bird watchers focus binoculars on the numerous marine and terrestrial birds.
Bird watchers like to stroll along the many trails and the boardwalk.
Bird watchers love to take pictures of the birds that visit their feeder.
Bird watchers love to visit here for the chance to glimpse rare species.
Bird watchers use both areas to locate sometimes rare birds and prairie owls.
Bird watchers visit to catch glimpses of the hawks, turkey vultures and owls.
Many bird watchers do so from their vehicles.
Many bird watchers start with a solidly built tube feeder.
Bird wings are airfoils, which have shapes that create lift by altering air currents.
Bird wings consist of feathers extending all along the arm.
Bird wings flap, eats cheese, sings, and whistles.
A bird is a vertebrate
Bird believe thru one wind nor crept beanie babie price.
Bird boffins in Brisbane.
Bird cages for pet birds.
Bird cages to hang plants in, grapevine to twine around picture frames or a window.
Bird cages with fine furniture characteristics.
Bird calls in the rushes.
Bird carcasses litter the beach.
Bird classifieds sites, where breeders can buy, sell, and trade birds.
Bird confirms that.
Bird counts in stands of big sagebrush and greasewood.
Bird droppings down the chimney can cause a bad smell and a breeding ground for mites.
Bird explodes from pitch .
Bird fly flutter flit Blue blue sky.
Bird fly flutter flit Through the open sky.
Bird hits than many in one rack.
Bird hunting for geese, ducks, and upland game birds is also very good.
Bird insect nesting associations in the tropics.
Bird isa vertebrate.
Bird kills and opposition from neighboring property owners are a problem, however.
Bird meets plane.
Bird moves with the escapement.
Bird scaring takes place regularly on the airport using pyrotechnics.
Bird sing when the weather is nice.
Bird sounds .
Bird sounds everywhere.
Bird species all reproduce sexually.
Bird stands and playgyms available.
Bird states more than once that the statistics in the death books are both complete and authentic.
Bird surround into all women after calculate instrument.
Bird surround into all women after calculate mac connections.
Bird surround into all women after calculate mita.
Bird themes a speciality.
Bird watching - bring own bird books and binoculars.
Bird watching also is popular in the shallow waters of the surrounding mangrove swamps.
Bird watching and biking are two favorite past time activities.
Bird watching and feeding is a fun and rewarding year-round hobby that the whole family can enjoy.
Bird watching and gardening are personal passions.
Bird watching and gardening go hand in hand.
Bird watching and horseback riding are two favorite activities in the area.
Bird watching annually brings several million dollars into the local communities of the Sea.
Bird watching deserves mention by itself.
Bird watching for species other than waterfowl is best during the spring and fall migrations.
Bird watching is addictive.
Bird watching is best early morning or in the evening.
Bird watching is big business.
Bird watching is fun and entertaining.
Bird watching is good.
Bird watching is great in between rough sections.
Bird watching is one of the fastest growing hobbies in the United States.
Bird watching is superb.
Bird watching itself can become a year-round activity.
Bird watching offers something for everyone who has an appreciation of nature.
Bird watching tour is available.
Bird watching with our powerful spotting scopes and binoculars is a popular activity.
Bird watching, boating, swimming, walking and hiking are common activities by our guests.
Bird watching, bushwalking spotlighting and other nature activities are on offer.
Bird watching, especially for waterfowl and shore birds is popular at the park.
Bird watching, especially in spring and fall, is one of the rewards of the great park.
Bird watching, hunting, fishing, canoeing and boating are all spectacular.
Bird watching, on foot or by boat, is only one of several leisure activities available.
Birds abandon deciduous tree roosts when the leaves drop in the fall.
Birds abandon old nests laid open inside the dying grove.
Birds abound and so do hunting opportunities in SW Iowa.
Birds abound and the branching limbs of the mangroves form peculiar shapes on the muddy riverbanks.
Birds abound for the avid bird watcher.
Birds abound here in summer, especially on the southern islands.
Birds abound in a startling array of colour.
Birds abound on Rookery Island and other small islets of land uninhabited by man.
Birds accumulate fat and protein reserves by eating more and by being selective in what they eat.
Birds adapt to areas.
Birds adapt to arid habitats.
Birds adapt to environments.
Birds adapt to habitats.
Birds adapt to life.
Birds add a whole new dimension to pet safety worries.
Birds add natural interest, colour and sound to the bush.
Birds add sound to color thereby enriching our experience of beauty.
Birds add their voice to the orchestration, Playing every day, in every nation.
Birds adjust their feathers to create or dissipate an insulating layer, as typified by the ostrich .
Birds adore the fruit.
Birds adore the tree for nesting sites.
Birds also avoid viceroy butterflys, although they are good to eat.
Birds also become accustomed to the repeated use of scare devices over time.
Birds also break up sounds into categories, particularly songbirds.
Birds also brighten the pages here and there.
Birds also can appear to have difficulty walking.
Birds also carry it.
Birds also carry seeds in mud clinging to their feet.
Birds also contribute to the balance of our ecosystem.
Birds also depend on insects for food.
Birds also display grace, speed and strength, attributes displayed by elite netballers.
Birds also distinguish their mates by call.
Birds also eat the bugs, plants and worms that crawl along crops and in the soil.
Birds also enjoy garland made by stringing popcorn, cranberries, and raisins.
Birds also entertain humans with their song.
Birds also feast on coral reef animals.
Birds also feed on lichens.
Birds also feed on the highly nutritious seeds produced by prairie plants.
Birds also find dripping water appealing.
Birds also flock to the oasis and it becomes hard to remember that it's basically a desert island.
Birds also get a musical education from their parents.
Birds also give birth to young with eggs.
Birds also graze on the land and on the surface of the water.
Birds also grind up their food with muscles in their stomach called a gizzard .
Birds also groom each other.
Birds also harvest blueberries, often the complete crop from a small planting.
Birds also have a distinct large intestine and a cloaca.
Birds also have a massive breastbone that is used to anchor the powerful flight muscles.
Birds also have a taste for many garden plants.
Birds also have a third eyelid called the nictitating membrane.
Birds also have a third eyelid, a nictitating membrane that protects their eyes.
Birds also have a very well developed nervous system.
Birds also have air sacs, limited lung expansion, and air capillaries instead of alveoli.
Birds also have an air sac system.
Birds also have an inner eyelid, called a nictitating membrane.
Birds also have another helper.
Birds also have delicate bodies and bones which can be easily bruised, injured or broken.
Birds also have four-chambered hearts.
Birds also have intelligence so they use that as well as instinct.
Birds also have powerful flight muscles attached to a breastbone called a keel.
Birds also have two wings.
Birds also have unidirectional flow of air into and out of their lungs.
Birds also have waterproof feathers.
Birds also lack several senses altogether.
Birds also lack teeth or even a true jaw , instead having a beak , which is far more lightweight.
Birds also lay eggs but they have a hard shell.
Birds also like a bit of water and food, of course.
Birds also like to eat fruit and they help to disperse seeds to other areas through their droppings.
Birds also live along the banks.
Birds also live here, like the finch, the raven, the hawk and the great bald eagle.
Birds also love peas because the pea crop is one of the earliest available to feed their young.
Birds also love the seed of native grasses.
Birds also lunge and bite, often holding onto an opponent's head or wings.
Birds also make their home in the freshwater biome.
Birds also molt, the process by which old feathers are replaced with new feathers.
Birds also play an important part in destroying weed seeds and in scattering seeds to barren areas.
Birds also produce such eggs.
Birds also provide a useful perspective on brain size.
Birds also remember what they've stored.
Birds also represent messengers from higher powers, whether for good or ill.
Birds also require water in winter.
Birds also see with enormous accuracy and at long distances.
Birds also seek shelter to hide from predators and protect themselves from the elements.
Birds also serve a number of cultural roles and factor heavily into religions across the globe.
Birds also serve as sources of blood meals.
Birds also steer by changing their wing configuration.
Birds also tend to cache seeds close to tree trunks where less snow accumulates.
Birds also tend to scatter their food, and feathers seem to be around all the time.
Birds also turn their eggs with their beaks during incubation.
Birds also use different sounds, songs and calls in different situations.
Birds also use experience to recognize predators by observing mobbing behavior in other birds.
Birds also use olives as perches during feeding and social activities.
Birds also use their ability to sense air pressure to determine when it's safe to migrate.
Birds also use tools.
Birds alter and improve their nests as men do their homes.
Birds apparently can determine their longitude and latitude by the position of the stars.
Birds appeal to our sense of aesthetics.
Birds appear especially susceptible to hormonally induced changes in their behaviors.
Birds appear in many dreams, often trapped.
Birds appear in skies.
Birds appear to be more susceptible to infection by the virus than mammals.
Birds appear, struggle a dance, search the abandoned sidewalk tables, disappear.
Birds appreciate shallow water.
Birds approach the hide.
Birds are a beautiful and important part of our natural heritage.
Birds are a blessed gift of nature that bring beauty to our eyes and harmonious songs to our ears.
Birds are a class of the chordates or vertebrate phylum.
Birds are a dead-end lineage.
Birds are a excellent indicator of the adverse effects of habitat fragmentation.
Birds are a favorite sound for many people - especially early in the morning.
Birds are a favourite disguise of gods when they come to visit mortal women.
Birds are a form of urban wildlife which offers year-round enjoyment.
Birds are a form of wildlife found in urban, suburban and rural areas.
Birds are a good example.
Birds are a grand species.
Birds are a living fantasy.
Birds are a lot more accessible than most other things.
Birds are a part of the intricate web of nature.
Birds are a particular problem.
Birds are a particular puzzle because they are much more mobile.
Birds are a problem in all production areas.
Birds are a problem.
Birds are a sentinel for West Nile Fever.
Birds are a source of fascination for children around the world.
Birds are a very close third place.
Birds are a very versitile meat to work with.
Birds are a vital part of our natural heritage.
Birds are able to find plenty of food during summer months.
Birds are able to fly because of a variety of specialized adaptations.
Birds are able to hear a wider range of sounds than humans.
Birds are able to maintain a long-term infection.
Birds are able to synthesize vitamin D but require an adequate amount of sunlight to do so.
Birds are about pride and beauty as well.
Birds are abundant, along with geckos and colorful insects.
Birds are abundant, and make up the bulk of the endemic and native vertebrate species.
Birds are abundant, particularly along the river courses and in the scrubland.
Birds are actually specialised theropod dinosaurs.
Birds are actually very hardy animals and tolerate conditions as well as any other animal.
Birds are acutely sensitive to zinc which is used in the spray.
Birds are acutely sensitive to zinc.
Birds are adapted to living in diverse environments.
Birds are adept at avoiding objects.
Birds are afraid of dogs.
Birds are alert and aware of their surroundings.
Birds are all around all the time.
Birds are all healthy and interactive.
Birds are all over the bays and passes.
Birds are all that the state of Florida has to offer.
Birds are almost all intensely visual animals.
Birds are also a major problem.
Birds are also a problem.
Birds are also a victim of West Nile Virus.
Birds are also able to focus their eyes very quickly which is essential during flying.
Birds are also abundant.
Birds are also amniotes, a group that includes the mammals, birds, dinosaurs, and reptiles.
Birds are also available from bird breeders who specialize in one or two species.
Birds are also available second hand from classified ads and from rescue organizations.
Birds are also different sizes and come in large, medium, and small.
Birds are also endothermic.
Birds are also fairly easy to track.
Birds are also fond of the pine nuts.
Birds are also important economically.
Birds are also important members of the swamp community.
Birds are also in abundance in the refuge.
Birds are also indicators of how healthy the environment is.
Birds are also instrumental in providing bats with places to roost.
Birds are also nature's most efficient insect predator.
Birds are also plentiful, at least for the time being.
Birds are also plentiful.
Birds are also responsible for dispersing the seeds.
Birds are also responsible for the wide dispersion of seeds.
Birds are also safer when cats are kept indoors.
Birds are also sub-divided, with eagles above pigeons , for example.
Birds are also successful predators of garters.
Birds are also very fun to watch.
Birds are also vulnerable to chemical pollution and biological poisoning from natural toxins.
Birds are also warm-blooded.
Birds are always on the look-out for predators.
Birds are always oviparous and reptiles are nearly always so.
Birds are amniotes.
Birds are among the most easily observed wildlife.
Birds are an enigma .
Birds are an excellent indicator of the fitness of the environment.
Birds are an important economic factor as well.
Birds are an important food source in coastal wintering areas, and in nesting season.
Birds are an important indicator of environmental quality.
Birds are an important part of alpine tundra communities.
Birds are an important part of our daily lives.
Birds are an important part of our lives.
Birds are an important part of the kachina ceremonies.
Birds are an integral part of our environment.
Birds are an integral part of our world.
Birds are anatomically correct and are in settings that are appropriate for their species.
Birds are ancestors of a dinosaur by the name of theropods.
Birds are animals .
Birds are animals that can travel large distances during migration.
Birds are animals that have feathers and that are born out of hard-shelled eggs.
Birds are animals that have feathers-peacock, sparrow, crow, pigeon.
Birds are animals with beaks and feathers.
Birds are animals.
Birds are animals.
Birds are artificial satellites.
Birds are as common as people.
Birds are as much dinosaurs as bats are mammals.
Birds are as untruthful as they are cautious.
Birds are at home in the air.
Birds are at risk when preening wet feathers.
Birds are at the hightest risk from the oil.
Birds are attracted to heliconia fruits and are important in the plant's seed dispersal.
Birds are attracted to red and yellow flowers.
Birds are attracted to the fruits as a food source and help in dispersing the seeds.
Birds are attracted to the noise of flowing water.
Birds are available in most colours.
Birds are avian dinosaurs.
Birds are back with their warm seranades as bees hum an accompanying back beat.
Birds are beautiful and their extravagant plumages are dazzling to the eye.
Birds are beautiful creatures.
Birds are beautiful to watch and fascinating to listen to.
Birds are beautiful, amusing and companionable.
Birds are beautiful, inspirational and international.
Birds are beneficial in being leaders in insect control.
Birds are best, especially the parrots and crow family.
Birds are better off with other birds.
Birds are big business and a major hobby throughout North America.
Birds are bipedal, but no one suggests that they are closely related to humans.
Birds are birds by reason of the same process.
Birds are black with a white tail stained yellow with preen gland oil.
Birds are busy building nests and the sounds of geese returning from Canada fill the air.
Birds are by no means always so faithful.
Birds are capable of breathes.
Birds are capable of chirp.
Birds are capable of eats.
Birds are capable of flies.
Birds are capable of grand engineering feats.
Birds are capable of hatchs.
Birds are capable of lands.
Birds are capable of marvelous engineering feats.
Birds are capable of mates.
Birds are capable of peck.
Birds are capable of perchs.
Birds are capable of pets.
Birds are capable of traveling incredible distances in their migratory movements.
Birds are caught as well.
Birds are chasing cats, shoes show up everywhere but on people's feet, and misspellings abound.
Birds are classified by most paleontologists as belonging to the subgroup Maniraptora.
Birds are common and more easily seen.
Birds are common, around the campgrounds and in shrubby areas.
Birds are complex creatures of habit.
Birds are considered to be theropod dinosaurs.
Birds are consummate communicators.
Birds are cool.
Birds are covered in feathers instead of fur or hair and hatch from eggs.
Birds are creatures of habit and are highly suspicious of new foods.
Birds are creatures of habit and they like their lives predictable.
Birds are creatures of habit.
Birds are creatures of location, and no two locations are exactly alike.
Birds are critical links in native ecosystems.
Birds are deep to dangerous producers.
Birds are defined by their feathers, beaks that have no teeth and their high metabolism.
Birds are descended from one group of saurischians.
Birds are descended from one lineage of small theropods and therefore are members of Theropoda.
Birds are descended from reptiles.
Birds are desperate for food in the weather when the ground and trees are frozen.
Birds are different from humans in many ways.
Birds are different from planes in that they are able to get both lift and thrust from their wings.
Birds are different.
Birds are difficult to manage because they are the most mobile of all wildlife.
Birds are dinosaurs, but the African cryptids are likely to be a myth.
Birds are dinosaurs.
Birds are dinosaurs.
Birds are dioecious with sexual reproduction and internal fertilization.
Birds are diurnal and have a poor olfactory sense.
Birds are diverse only in wetlands and in riparian vegetation along rivers.
Birds are eagles.
Birds are easier to catch for movement purposes, beak-trimming and vaccination.
Birds are easier to find in early morning.
Birds are easier to spot and include guans, trogons and quetzals.
Birds are easily able to heat themselves because of a high rate of metabolism.
Birds are easy to love.
Birds are easy.
Birds are either captive or free.
Birds are endothermic amniotes.
Birds are endothermic tetrapod vertebrates.
Birds are endothermic with insulation provided by feathers and a fat layer.
Birds are endothermic, capable of keeping the body warm through metabolism.
Birds are endothermic, using their own metabolic heat to maintain a constant body temperature.
Birds are endothermic.
Birds are endotherms.
Birds are especially active in the early morning.
Birds are especially colorful and abundant in the spring.
Birds are especially prominent users of the fruit.
Birds are especially sensitive to upset.
Birds are especially sensitive.
Birds are even harder to photograph than animals.
Birds are even more sensitive to essential oils than cats.
Birds are everywhere and life has returned anew.
Birds are everywhere in our lives.
Birds are everywhere in the Grand Canyon.
Birds are everywhere too, flying, diving, feeding, screaming.
Birds are everywhere, from red-footed pigeon guillemots to the mighty bald eagle.
Birds are everywhere, or so it seems.
Birds are everywhere.
Birds are everywhere-incredible surround sound.
Birds are excellent at finding trouble, and hazards exist at every turn.
Birds are excellent flagship species and vital environmental indicators.
Birds are excellent indicators of the overall health of the environment.
Birds are excellent indicators of the variety and conditions of habitats.
Birds are excellent re- nesters, however.
Birds are exceptionally good indicators of environmental problems.
Birds are exceptionally susceptible to second-hand smoke.
Birds are experts at hiding illnesses.
Birds are experts at hiding their symptoms of disease.
Birds are extremely emotionally sensitive.
Birds are extremely particular about the height and diameter of the entry hole.
Birds are extremely sensitive to the toxins in the foggers.
Birds are fairly unusual critters.
Birds are familiar, likeable, and enjoyed by many.
Birds are fantastic pets.
Birds are fascinating animals to watch.
Birds are fascinating creatures and possess many unique anatomical characteristics.
Birds are fascinating creatures.
Birds are fast.
Birds are feather-bearing and lay eggs.
Birds are feathered animals.
Birds are few.
Birds are flight orientated organisms.
Birds are flock animals.
Birds are fond of the blackberries and thus spread the seeds over large areas.
Birds are fond of the seeds, which are produced in abundance.
Birds are fond of the seeds.
Birds are food for many animals.
Birds are found at predictable times and locations.
Birds are found on every continent of the world.
Birds are fragile animals.
Birds are free like the clouds.
Birds are from around the world.
Birds are fun to watch thenm doing there won thing.
Birds are fun, too.
Birds are funny animals.
Birds are generally very hardy.
Birds are gobbling more, there are more hunters in the woods and hunter confidence is still high.
Birds are good at bringing in mites or lice.
Birds are good at building nests.
Birds are good enough.
Birds are good fliers.
Birds are good indicators of climate change.
Birds are good indicators of the ecological health of an area.
Birds are good indicators of what to expect.
Birds are good pets for smaller apartments and cramped living quarters.
Birds are gregarious by nature and love company.
Birds are harder to see here and binoculars get used a lot less.
Birds are healthier, all naturally, without synthetic vitamins, drugs or chemicals.
Birds are high energy creatures that require a very balanced diet.
Birds are high on the list as well as monkeys.
Birds are high on the list of living things people want to save.
Birds are highly specialized animals.
Birds are highly susceptible to cold and heat.
Birds are highly susceptible to West Nile virus, and are thought to be the only viral reservoirs.
Birds are highly variable in many ways.
Birds are highly visible in life, everybody knows what a bird is.
Birds are highly visible, and monitoring techniques are cost-effective.
Birds are highly visually sensitive, but sounds can also be a factor in identification.
Birds are host to diverse mites.
Birds are hungriest in the morning and thus are more likely to try something new.
Birds are immune to toxic mistletoe berries and act as agents to disseminate the seeds.
Birds are important components of ecosystems.
Birds are important ecologically as well as economically.
Birds are important elements of nearly every ecosystem on earth.
Birds are important indicators of long term environmental and agricultural sustainability.
Birds are important prey where fish and crayfish are scarce.
Birds are important scavengers in many ecosystems, removing the carcasses of dead animals.
Birds are important sentinels for the overall health of the environment.
Birds are important to rainforests because they like to eat seeds and fruit.
Birds are important to the desert plant community.
Birds are in a separate section.
Birds are in good general body condition.
Birds are incapable of burping or passing gas from their behinds.
Birds are incredible companion animals with very long life spans.
Birds are incredibly diverse in size, color, and lifestyles.
Birds are incredibly lovely creatures to maintain as puppy.
Birds are incredibly perceptive.
Birds are incredibly tough and really good at hiding signs of illness.
Birds are indicators of the overall health of our environment.
Birds are inside bushes.
Birds are inside nests.
Birds are intellient creatures, parrots even more so.
Birds are intelligent animals and require mental stimulation.
Birds are intelligent beings.
Birds are intelligent, amazing animals that deserve a long, healthy, happy life.
Birds are intelligent, playful, loving, and social.
Birds are intelligent, responsive and a great deal of fun to own.
Birds are interesting and beautiful.
Birds are interesting creatures and can be seen just about anywhere.
Birds are irreverent squatters, treading light and squawking heavy, making nests from found objects.
Birds are it.
Birds ARE jerks.
Birds are just feathery, flying dinosaurs in the opinion of most vertebrate paleontologists.
Birds are just one item in their diet.
Birds are just the same.
Birds are key to the spread of the virus.
Birds are known to be sensitive to air pressure changes, and often hunker down before a big storm.
Birds are largely responsible for spreading the seed.
Birds are larger in the temperate zones than in the tropics.
Birds are least susceptible to the poisons.
Birds are less attracted to the crop, which enables fruit to be left hanging on the tree longer.
Birds are less common in the north and in the drier regions.
Birds are light.
Birds are lighter than other animals.
Birds are like children - they want to taste everything .
Birds are like humans.
Birds are like most kids.
Birds are like people when it comes to who they like and who they dont like.
Birds are likely to be the hardest hit.
Birds are likely to decoy when returning from feeding areas.
Birds are likely to swallow before they taste.
Birds are listed for countries included within their breeding or wintering ranges.
Birds are living dinosaurs, most experts believe.
Birds are located in air.
Birds are located in birdbaths.
Birds are located in birdhouses.
Birds are located in bushs.
Birds are located in cages.
Birds are located in countrysides.
Birds are located in flocks.
Birds are located in forests.
Birds are located in gardens.
Birds are located in habitats.
Birds are located in hills.
Birds are located in lawns.
Birds are located in nests.
Birds are located in parks.
Birds are located in regions.
Birds are located in roofs.
Birds are located in sea.
Birds are located in skies.
Birds are located in trees.
Birds are located in water fountains.
Birds are located in wetland.
Birds are located in windowsills.
Birds are located in woodlands.
Birds are major symbolic images in the narrative.
Birds are male and female.
Birds are mammals.
Birds are many times more sensitive to chemicals than mammals.
Birds are masters at hiding signs of illness as a protective mechanism.
Birds are masters at hiding signs of sickness.
Birds are mature and good flyers.
Birds are meant to fly and be with others of their own kind in a natural environment.
Birds are meat.
Birds are messengers and can carry olive branches in their beaks when they fly over flood waters.
Birds are messy creatures .
Birds are messy eaters, and get food all over themselves.
Birds are messy eaters.
Birds are messy.
Birds are migratory and are regulated by the federal government.
Birds are migratory.
Birds are mimics, and the first layers become the teachers for the remaining pullets in a flock.
Birds are molting.
Birds are monogamous, live as s.
Birds are monogamous.
Birds are more active around the colony site during spring and early summer.
Birds are more advanced than fish, amphibians or reptiles.
Birds are more closely related to mammals than sharks are to most fishes.
Birds are more complicated than that, and so are airplanes.
Birds are more emotional than mammals, and their love-making is more refined.
Birds are more likely to develop respiratory troubles if heat is removed too early.
Birds are more numerous in northern Australia.
Birds are more sensitive and they eat everything.
Birds are more sensitive to air pollutants than people.
Birds are more than the sum of their feathers.
Birds are more tolerant of high doses of lindane than are mammals.
Birds are more tolerant of vehicles, moving or parked, than of people walking around.
Birds are most active and easily observed in the early mornings and late afternoons.
Birds are most conspicuous during the early morning hours.
Birds are most likely to use a nestbox that approximates natural cavity choices.
Birds are mostly air dwellers that rely on the trees to attract mates.
Birds are much more manoeuvrable than our airplanes are today.
Birds are mutes.
Birds are natural alarm bells.
Birds are natural enemies of many insects.
Birds are natural flock creatures and they form strong bonds with other members of their flocks.
Birds are naturally affectionate, active and intelligent.
Birds are naturally good singers.
Birds are nice company as pets.
Birds are no exception.
Birds are no longer disposable and easily replaceable.
Birds are noisier than usual.
Birds are non transferable.
Birds are notorious for hiding or concealing the visible signs of illness.
Birds are notorious for opening birdcage latches.
Birds are numerous and include the golden eagle.
Birds are numerous for most of the year in Palm Canyon.
Birds are numerous, and large mammals occasionally frequent the geyser basins.
Birds are numerous, especially egrets, herons and ospreys.
Birds are O.K., though.
Birds are of great economic importance to man.
Birds are of top quality stock and are healthy and vibrant.
Birds are often easier to spot, as they roost in trees or brush and take to the air.
Birds are often far away, relative to our eyesight.
Birds are often ideal pets for people with allergies to dogs and cats.
Birds are often inclined to try to uproot the sets, particularly if too much of the bulb is showing.
Birds are often serious pests of the fruit.
Birds are often the hosts.
Birds are often times seen as pests.
Birds are OK too.
Birds are on the screen again.
Birds are one big family.
Birds are one group of animals with much diversity.
Birds are one important source of food for Aboriginal people.
Birds are one of only four taxonomic groups to have evolved powered flight .
Birds are one of the best, and in some cases the only, monitors of environmental change.
Birds are one of the most wonderful and colorful creature of nature.
Birds are one of the only major taxa where monogamy is the dominant mating system.
Birds are one of the two classes of homotherms.
Birds are one taxon for which reliable information about extinctions exists.
Birds are only a minute part of the big picture.
Birds are only one indicator of the role that coffee plays in protecting biological diversity.
Birds are our best natural insect control, eating tons of insects annually.
Birds are our friends.
Birds are our strange familiars.
Birds are overlooked.
Birds are part of birds.
Birds are part of flocks.
Birds are part of the dinosaur clade.
Birds are particularly likely to island-hop.
Birds are particularly numerous in and around salt marshes.
Birds are particularly responsive to energetic therapeutics.
Birds are particularly susceptible to entanglement as they collect material for their nests.
Birds are placed in an exercise pool to build up their physical fitness.
Birds are plentiful and no shooting limits.
Birds are plentiful and very sporting.
Birds are plentiful here.
Birds are plentiful including parrots, hawks and wedge- tailed eagles.
Birds are plentiful, especially sea-birds, but other animal life is sparse.
Birds are plentiful.
Birds are powerful symbols of the cycle of life.
Birds are present in several food names.
Birds are present throughout almost every habitat across the globe.
Birds are pretty easy to take care of.
Birds are primary amplifier hosts.
Birds are principal agents of seed dissemination, with water a secondary agent.
Birds are probably the most beloved group of wild animals on the planet.
Birds are probably the most popular animal species that benefit from feeders.
Birds are quite active and therefore eat a lot.
Birds are quite agile as well.
Birds are quite close to mammals with a highly developed vertebrate immune system.
Birds are quite variable in their behaviors.
Birds are rare in the fossil record, because their skeletons are fragile.
Birds are ready now.
Birds are really fascinating creatures.
Birds are related through one common ancestor.
Birds are relatively easy to identify.
Birds are relatively fearless while in the cover.
Birds are reluctant to walk, preferring to sit rather than stand.
Birds are remarkable, and egg laying is a unique biologic event.
Birds are responsible for spreading tulip seeds as well.
Birds are returned to the den for the young kittens to feed on.
Birds are rounded with a flat head, resembling a robin.
Birds are safer in the water than in the middle of a pasture.
Birds are seasonal creatures of habit.
Birds are seasonally abundant.
Birds are secretive during incubation.
Birds are self-centered, and behave to please themselves.
Birds are sensitive indicators of environmental change.
Birds are significantly more susceptible to diazinon than other wildlife.
Birds are silent, trees are crisp brown.
Birds are simply everywhere and are, probably, the most successful inhabitants of Earth.
Birds are situated between reptile and mammals in the evolutionary line.
Birds are small and easy to care for.
Birds are small surviving flying dinosaurs.
Birds are smallest in the far west and on the south coast.
Birds are smalls.
Birds are smarter than people used to believe.
Birds are snacks.
Birds are so abundant their song nearly drowns out the sound of crashing ocean waves.
Birds are so beautiful and graceful.
Birds are so difficult to photograph, but sometimes bad photos are there just to color the story.
Birds are so much more maneuverable than our airplanes are today.
Birds are so sensitive to smells and chemicals.
Birds are social creatures and do best when placed in a room with lots of family activity.
Birds are social creatures.
Birds are some of the most colorful and interesting creatures that share our world.
Birds are some of the most interesting and observable animals.
Birds are squawking, it's like being in a jungle den.
Birds are still common in impoundment areas.
Birds are stubborn, but can be trained.
Birds are subject to a number of different heart conditions.
Birds are subject to cannibalism anytime they are confined, and often when they run free.
Birds are subject to sanitary inspection upon arrival.
Birds are such a joy to have as pets.
Birds are such marvelous creatures.
Birds are such wonderful and facinating creatures that 'impulse buys' are all too common.
Birds are sweet and kind, but man is mean and full of hate.
Birds are terrestrial organisms.
Birds are that way.
Birds are the area's most conspicuous inhabitants.
Birds are the best hedgerow builders.
Birds are the best poets.
Birds are the biggest threat to the crop.
Birds are the biggest threat to the saskatoon crop.
Birds are the cause of many diseases of humans and domestic animals.
Birds are the desert's alarm clock.
Birds are the favorite visitor to any garden.
Birds are the greatest musicians on the planet.
Birds are the last surviving dinosaurs .
Birds are the last surviving dinosaurs.
Birds are the living descendants of dinosaurs.
Birds are the main carriers of the infection, which is spread by mosquitoes.
Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds , consuming the fruit during their fall migration .
Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds, consuming the fruit during their fall migration.
Birds are the main mode of seed dispersion.
Birds are the major predator of the ladybug.
Birds are the major source of the virus.
Birds are the most active creatures.
Birds are the most amazing of all.
Birds are the most beautiful and accessible animals on earth.
Birds are the most common animal living on the barrier beach.
Birds are the most common pest.
Birds are the most diverse vertebrate group followed by fish.
Birds are the most efficient breathers on the planet.
Birds are the most fascinating creatures on earth, next to humans, and a whole lot nicer.
Birds are the most favored pet in China.
Birds are the most important dispersal agents.
Birds are the most likely predators of adult African bullfrogs.
Birds are the most mobile creatures on Earth.
Birds are the most numerous and important group of terrestrial vertebrates.
Birds are the most obvious predators.
Birds are the most popular group in the animal kingdom.
Birds are the most popular of animals.
Birds are the most prevalent observable wildlife available.
Birds are the most visible of our prairie animals.
Birds are the natural host for the virus, which can be fatal to birds and humans.
Birds are the natural reservoir of the virus.
Birds are the next step.
Birds are the only animals that have feathers and all birds have feathers.
Birds are the only animals that have feathers and wings.
Birds are the only animals that have feathers.
Birds are the only animals to do well when human income levels go up, they say.
Birds are the only animals to do well, they say.
Birds are the only animals with feathers.
Birds are the only dinosaurs surviving today.
Birds are the only group of animals to possess feathers.
Birds are the only living descendants of the theropods.
Birds are the only living organisms with feathers, and no dinosaurs have been found with feathers.
Birds are the only pets permitted in the apartments or house trailers.
Birds are the only remaining species from the dinosaur line.
Birds are the only species for which the status of all members has been assessed.
Birds are the original carriers of viral encephalitis.
Birds are the primary agents of seed dispersal in New Guinea's forests.
Birds are the primary carriers of the disease.
Birds are the primary reservoir for new influenza viruses.
Birds are the priority here, and visitors are restricted to the beach areas of the island.
Birds are the sentinels of the forest.
Birds are the subject for many famous artists and nature writers.
Birds are the youngest but most numerous class of vertebrates on Earth.
Birds are then doubtless more abundant than at any other season.
Birds are thought to be descendents of dinosaurs.
Birds are thought to be most closely related to a. dinosaurs.
Birds are thought to have evolved from a. b. c. d. small, tree-dwelling mammals.
Birds are thought to pair for life.
Birds are thought to use cryptochromes in some part of their heads to sense magnetic fields.
Birds are to remain in their cages.
Birds are toe-walkers too.
Birds are toothless, an adaptation that trims the weight of the head.
Birds are typical prairie pothole inhabitants.
Birds are unable to fly when oil loads the feathers.
Birds are unable to preen themselves on the head which allows for mites to exist there.
Birds are unable to swallow.
Birds are unaffected by the capsicum resin in peppers, but squirrels do feel the heat.
Birds are unique in that they are the only known creatures that migrate great distances.
Birds are unlikely to get into the lady bug house.
Birds are unmatched in their command of the skies.
Birds are used for watching.
Birds are usually welcome guests.
Birds are vectors of numerous diseases, both bacterial and viruial.
Birds are vertebrates with feathers, modified for flight and for active metabolism.
Birds are vertebrates.
Birds are vertebrates.
Birds are very active.
Birds are very apt to fear things which are up above.
Birds are very attracted to running water.
Birds are very finicky when it comes to selecting a home.
Birds are very fond of the fruit.
Birds are very good at hiding illness or injury.
Birds are very hardy creatures and can cope with a wide range of conditions if healthy.
Birds are very highly evolved vertebrates.
Birds are very intelligent creatures.
Birds are very long-lived creatures.
Birds are very sensitive to air quality.
Birds are very sensitive to colors.
Birds are very sensitive to many household products.
Birds are very small animals.
Birds are very smart indeed.
Birds are very social animals.
Birds are very sound-oriented, and want to converse at length about important issues.
Birds are very susceptible to the effects of inhaled volatile toxins, including essential oils.
Birds are very well suited to life here because they can fly quickly to safety.
Birds are vigilant and alert because they have to be to stay alive.
Birds are virtually absent from the fossil record.
Birds are warm blooded and their body is divided into the head, neck and trunk.
Birds are warm blooded vertebrate animals with feathers and a bill.
Birds are warm blooded.
Birds are warm-blooded and anything but slow.
Birds are warm-blooded and their young hatch out from eggs.
Birds are warm-blooded and therefore have a constant temperature.
Birds are warm-blooded animals with feathers and wings.
Birds are warm-blooded animals.
Birds are warm-blooded like mammals, but unlike mammals, they lay eggs.
Birds are warm-blooded vertebrate animals.
Birds are warm-blooded vertebrates.
Birds are warm-blooded, and most species can fly.
Birds are warm-blooded, so they have other reasons for high flying.
Birds are warm-blooded.
Birds are way too intelligent to put in a cage and leave there to eat seed and look pretty.
Birds are well known for their very elaborate courtship displays in an attempt to attract a mate.
Birds are well known organisms.
Birds are winged creatures with colorful plumage which are used as transportation by the gentlefolk.
Birds are wonderful companions.
Birds are wonderful creatures.
Birds are wonderful pets, and feathered friends are friends for life.
Birds are, of course, much happier living in an aviary than in a cage.
Birds are, perhaps, the most eloquent expression of reality.
Birds are, unquestionably, such a group.
Birds arrive at locations.
Birds arrive at sites.
Birds arrive to feed on the vernal pool plants and animals.
Birds associated with the clans are a favorite subject.
Birds attain adult plumage in the third year.
Birds avoid exposure.
Birds avoid monarchs because the caterpillars are born on milkweed plants.
Birds avoid poison.
Birds avoid predators.
Birds avoid the Dead Sea because there are only a few plants to feed upon.
Birds babble in the trees.
Birds backlit against the sky or sun look blacker than normal.
Birds bathe only infrequently when temperatures drop below freezing.
Birds bear their young in hard-shelled eggs which hatch after some time.
Birds bear their young in hard-shelled eggs.
Birds become confused by bright lights and can lose their way.
Birds become dependent on a food tray.
Birds become dependent on bird feeders.
Birds become dinosaurs, pelycosaurs and mammals become therapsids, which cease to be reptiles.
Birds become less mobilized and scan the air.
Birds become victims.
Birds beep and squeak and call to one another as they flutter about the arms of the tree.
Birds beep on a CD, making summer of coming snow.
Birds begin dying of fowl cholera four to nine days after exposed to the virus.
Birds begin their incessant chirping, and a single gibbon calls from the interior.
Birds begin their life inside a hard egg.
Birds begin their long journey north.
Birds begin their serene song in the cool brisk morning air.
Birds begin to chirp in the trees.
Birds begin to make their presence known.
Birds being killed by the windmills certainly seems possible.
Birds belong outside, where they can be free.
Birds belong to families.
Birds belong to grades.
Birds bite prey.
Birds bitten by infected mosquitoes are infectious from four to eight days.
Birds blanket many of the smaller islands around.
Birds breathe by expanding the ribcage outward, which draws air in like a bellows.
Birds breathe faster than mammals and their bodies are warmer.
Birds breathe in air through their lungs.
Birds breathe with lungs.
Birds breed in almost unreachable places.
Birds breed, nest, feed and escape their predat ors in wetlands.
Birds bring food.
Birds bring good luck.
Birds bruise more easily when on aspirin.
Birds build a nest to keep predators away and hide eggs.
Birds build nests for breeding in trees, on cliffs, or on the ground.
Birds build nests on the grooved rock formations that surround geysers.
Birds build their nests everywhere.
Birds build their nests in trees along the bank from mud and twigs gathered along the shore.
Birds build their nests in trees, bushes, and on the ground.
Birds build their nests nearby and sing in the trees.
Birds bypass the issue by having no teeth at all and are able to maintain the horny beak with ease.
Birds cackle, crickets chirp, a horse neighs.
Birds call all around.
Birds call and sing.
Birds call to one another from across an open field.
Birds call to one another.
Birds call, elk bugle, wolves howl, antelope snort, cougars scream and the elements rage.
Birds can .
Birds can accurately judge distances when flying, landing, and looking for food.
Birds can actually feel changes in air pressure in their inner ear.
Birds can additionaly have oil droplets as color filters in front of their photoreceptors.
Birds can affect the evolution of insects by increasing the cost of avoidance strategies to insects.
Birds can afford to be that obvious because of their ability to fly.
Birds can also be mischievous and highly destructive.
Birds can also be some of the fiercest warriors in the animal kingdom.
Birds can also grow a more dense cover of feathers.
Birds can also make lots of noise for other reasons.
Birds can also obtain water via the foods they ingest.
Birds can also pant for prolonged periods without constricting the blood vessels in their brains.
Birds can also pass on an infection called psittacosis.
Birds can also segregate themselves temporally .
Birds can also suffer heat stroke.
Birds can and do die.
Birds can be a major pest on blue corn.
Birds can be a pain near harvest time.
Birds can be an intermediate vector.
Birds can be as different as people when it comes to their food preferences.
Birds can be both helpful and harmful to man.
Birds can be carnivores, insectivores, or generalists, which feed on a variety of foods.
Birds can be charming, endearing companions.
Birds can be especially significant in a garden.
Birds can be fun.
Birds can be indicators of the health of the environment as a whole.
Birds can be killed in collisions with wind turbines, turbines produce some noise.
Birds can be many colors.
Birds can be many different colors.
Birds can be physically fragile, but they are also emotionally fragile as well.
Birds can be polyoma vaccinated upon request.
Birds can be quite intelligent and have complex social groups.
Birds can be quite messy.
Birds can be relatively small non-threatening animals.
Birds can be very entertaining.
Birds can be very persistent.
Birds can become dangerously caught, slipping their beak into the clip area.
Birds can become entangled in long pieces of leather or sisal.
Birds can become entangled in the frayed pieces.
Birds can become exhausted after flying around for hours and have difficulty maintaining height.
Birds can become very ill, particularly after eating artificial tree needles.
Birds can behaviorally thermoregulate to some extent to reduce heat loss.
Birds can bleed to death very easily.
Birds can brighten up the day and break the monotony of a dull routine.
Birds can carry allergy-provoking mites, molds or pollen on their feathers.
Birds can carry bacterial infections for years and still appear healthy.
Birds can carry seeds in the mud that they pick up on their feet.
Birds can catch their nails on string, and swallow it as well.
Birds can cause damage to pearl millet fields.
Birds can cause severe damage in localized areas.
Birds can choke on peanut butter.
Birds can choke on uncooked pasta.
Birds can climb in and out all the holes.
Birds can come from as far away as China, Japan, Siberia and Arctic regions.
Birds can conceal that they are unwell until they are very sick and debilitated.
Birds can decimate a lettuce patch, and they like the same tender seedlings as do the slugs.
Birds can demonstrate restoration success in as little as three years.
Birds can die as the result of window collisions.
Birds can die if they become badly entangled in the nesting material.
Birds can digest most of the outer white shell of the flower and some of the sticky, clear liquid.
Birds can discern colors, smells, textures and flavors in their natural habitat.
Birds can do amazing things with their beaks, from cracking open a shell to turning an egg.
Birds can do it.
Birds can drink from nipple drinkers that dispense water with a push of a button.
Birds can drown in small amounts of water.
Birds can eat their weight in aphids and mosquitos.
Birds can enter without anyother paper work.
Birds can enter, but the holes are too small for the squirrels.
Birds can even talk in a meaningful way.
Birds can experience both stress and physical discomfort on capture and transportation.
Birds can fall in and drown.
Birds can fall in.
Birds can feed on any type of seed.
Birds can fly , but cats can jump .
Birds can fly across the maze without obstruction.
Birds can fly and airplanes can fly.
Birds can fly away, but buildings stay to suffer the consequences of environmental neglect.
Birds can fly away.
Birds can fly somewhere else for water.
Birds can fly very long distances.
Birds can fly.
Birds Can Fly.
Birds can get fat, especially on some diets, but err on the cautious side.
Birds can get very sick very fast.
Birds can go out there and they'll still have a song in the morning.
Birds can gradually develop immunity to coccidiosis.
Birds can have a latent infection.
Birds can have nine to twelve primaries, but the most common number is ten.
Birds can have wind, fish can have water ice for an arctic bear and so forth.
Birds can hear very well, too.
Birds can help to control insects, especially pasture pests like scarab beetles.
Birds can hide illness for a long time.
Birds can hold grudges for a while if they think they've been mistreated.
Birds can hover, they can fly backwards and sideways.
Birds can learn that caches are halfway between two landmarks.
Birds can learn to avoid certain color patterns.
Birds can live fine in a collar.
Birds can live for days-weeks months, and even years after an escape.
Birds can live longer without proper nutrition than they can without good quality water.
Birds can make hundreds of trips to collect materials.
Birds can move by flapping their wings , or they can stay in the same place .
Birds can move by flapping their wings, or they can stay in the same place.
Birds can nest in snags as small as four inches in diameter.
Birds can obtain water directly from their food, insects and even plant seeds.
Birds can often safely perch on a power line without being electrocuted.
Birds can overcome the cardenolide defense of monarch butterflies in Mexico.
Birds can overheat very easily and die from being wrapped up too long, especially in warm weather.
Birds can play a similar role in the garden.
Birds can quickly become hypothermic and perish.
Birds can reach the seed through the wire openings, while clinging to the wire guard.
Birds can reach their breeding grounds quickly and get the best territory.
Birds can recognize many characteristics and select for favorable patterns.
Birds can recover from botulism poisoning under favourable environmental conditions.
Birds can see their reflection in a window.
Birds can sharpen, groom and use to keep beaks trimmed as well as enjoy a tantalizing treat.
Birds can show a variety of clinical signs.
Birds can simply just fly to a more desirable location.
Birds can sometimes be variable due to the two reasons.
Birds can spread viral infections among the insect pests.
Birds can stand on the cement separation blocks and scoop up the fish.
Birds can stop overnight in a pond in a suburb or city, as well as a wetland, rice field, or lake.
Birds can suffer from a number of skin conditions that affect the feet.
Birds can suffer just as much from excess vitamins as an insufficiency.
Birds can suffer respiratory signs as above along with conjunctivitis.
Birds can suffer severe injuries by flying into such materials.
Birds can suffer with mites and lice.
Birds can sun themselves to keep warm in winter.
Birds can survive with supportive care, food and water, and protection from secondary infections.
Birds can swing from the perch or climb the hangers while swinging.
Birds can synthesize their own melanin by oxidizing the amino acid tyrosine.
Birds can tense their muscles to make the feathers stand up and thus hold a thicker volume of air.
Birds can then leaf bathe by rubbing up against the wet foliage.
Birds can travel across the Atlantic by normal migration, storms, or legal and illegal importation.
Birds can turn up at any time and in any place.
Birds care for chicks.
Birds carry allergy-provoking mites, moulds and pollen on their feathers.
Birds carry ancient medleys to their offspring.
Birds carry ancient medleys to their off-springs.
Birds carry bacteria.
Birds carry food.
Birds carry genes.
Birds carry parasites.
Birds carry seeds.
Birds carry the seed from tree to tree.
Birds carry the seeds and they splat all over the patio and then little plants come up everywhere.
Birds carry the West Nile virus.
Birds carrying transmitters do so with a harness made of teflon webbing.
Birds carve out their own niche in nature.
Birds catch and eat adult dragonflies.
Birds catch fish.
Birds catch food.
Birds catch insects.
Birds catch prey.
Birds catch viruses.
Birds catch worms.
Birds certainly are afraid of man.
Birds change aspects.
Birds change positions.
Birds change their feeding habits as food grows scarce.
Birds chatter schoolyard kids too busy cars.
Birds Check the aviaries and exhibits for gloriously colored winged wonders.
Birds chew constantly.
Birds chirp a loud alarm.
Birds chirp through the lofts and cats scratch, indifferent.
Birds chitter loudly and full of life in the nearby magnolia trees.
Birds choose mates.
Birds choose the lowest mountain passes.
Birds choose trees to find food.
Birds circling over a house is a sign of visitors.
Birds climb onto the mule and begin to eat the carcass.
Birds close eyes.
Birds collect fruit.
Birds collect the soft hairy seed to line their nests.
Birds collide with every size and kind of glass window, door, or lobby.
Birds come and go between their favourite feeding grounds throughout the day.
Birds come and go.
Birds come back like kids from summer vacation.
Birds come from all over the world hungry and ready to eat all the insects.
Birds come from environments.
Birds come from four continents to breed, rest, or feed in the refuge.
Birds come from great breeding stock.
Birds come from habitats.
Birds come from shelter habitats.
Birds come from the smaller islands and repopulate the ones the foxes have been removed from.
Birds come in a huge range of colours.
Birds come in all shapes and all sizes, depending on the climate, landscape and the food source.
Birds come in all shapes and sizes, including the ostrich.
Birds come in all shapes and sizes.
Birds come in every color of the rainbow with peacocks flaunting a multi-colored array.
Birds come in many sizes, shapes and colors.
Birds come into contact.
Birds come to bird feeders.
Birds come to feeders.
Birds come to it and go because it is like another because they are like others.
Birds come to the wet meadow to drink.
Birds come to water to drink, bathe and feed.
Birds come under the spotlight also.
Birds come, that fly away in winter.
Birds commonly eat small pebbles to grind food for digestion.
Birds commonly feed upon the seeds, which can be employed to fatten poultry.
Birds communicate using body language in very subtle ways.
Birds communicate using vocal skills and body language.
Birds communicate verbally as many other species of animals do.
Birds comprise the largest collection in the division.
Birds congregate here in endless varieties and numbers.
Birds congregating here include variable oystercatcher, South Island pied oystercatcher and godwits.
Birds conserve energy.
Birds consider leaving it all behind.
Birds construct their nests without consciously thinking about it.
Birds consume berries.
Birds consume diets.
Birds consume dragonflies.
Birds consume food.
Birds consume high quality food.
Birds consume huge quantities of seed and other natural foods found on a farm.
Birds consume insects.
Birds consume proteins.
Birds consume seeds.
Birds consume substances.
Birds consume water.
Birds contaminate insulation with droppings.
Birds continue to serve as guardians of our environment.
Birds contribute to the economy.
Birds control pasture pests.
Birds control their own unstable flight in three dimensions.
Birds copy each other's songs.
Birds craft their nests without consciously thinking about it.
Birds create a symphony of merriment as butterflies dance on the air.
Birds create an unsightly and unhealthy environment for employees, customers and visitors.
Birds create lift by moving forward.
Birds cross boundaries.
Birds cry, but never shed tears.
Birds dance in the horizon.
Birds dart overhead.
Birds declare their territory by singing.
Birds defend territories just as frequently as mammals.
Birds defend themselves in many ways, including gathering in large groups or flocks.
Birds defending their nests virtually always attack the highest part of their perceived enemy.
Birds depart in opposite directions after post-copulatory display.
Birds depend on ecosystems.
Birds depend on environments.
Birds depend on flyways.
Birds depend on food.
Birds depend on habitats.
Birds depend on nests.
Birds depend on particles of grit, in the gizzard, to grind up hard seeds.
Birds depend on sources.
Birds depend on trees.
Birds depend on vegetation.
Birds depend on water sources.
Birds depend on water.
Birds descend from ancestors.
Birds descend from reptiles.
Birds descending from high altitudes can perform amazing dives, rolls and turns.
Birds deserve a special comment.
Birds desire flies.
Birds develop drooping wings, lameness and paralysis, particularly of the legs.
Birds develop feeding patterns and become dependent on feeders for their food.
Birds develop lungs.
Birds develop their bright colors from living around certain colors.
Birds devour the fleshy arils and void the seeds which remain viable.
Birds die after eating granular pesticides.
Birds die faster due to heat stress than cold stress.
Birds die from oil spills if their feathers are covered in oil.
Birds die wherever they happen to be when they become too weak to move around any more.
Birds differ because they also have a map sense.
Birds differ from all other animals in having feathers.
Birds differ in how they feed.
Birds digest food rapidly but that depends on the food and the bird.
Birds digest food.
Birds digest the pulp of the berry and excrete the living seed.
Birds digest their food quickly and create a great deal of waste matter.
Birds digging burrows have severely warn bills and claws.
Birds disseminate seeds and prey upon innumerable insect and vertebrate pests.
Birds disseminate the fungus.
Birds distribute plant seeds over the large distances.
Birds diversify, occupying the niches left by the pterosaurs.
Birds do best when kept in the liveliest room of the house, close to the action.
Birds do better with shade grown coffee.
Birds do bite a lot more in captivity, usually because their boundaries are being pushed too far.
Birds do eat tarantulas, it's unlikely it's the other way around.
Birds do fine without grit.
Birds do get sick.
Birds DO have a patagium, divided into a metapatagium and a propatagium.
Birds do have changing moods.
Birds do it - examples.
Birds do it .
Birds do it by feigning injury to lead hungry predators away from nesting young.
Birds do it differently.
Birds Do it too.
Birds do it, bees do it function and fun Successful viral marketing requires rapid proliferation.
Birds do it, bees do it, even educated fleas do it.
Birds do it, bees do it, even elephants on heat do it .
Birds do it, bees do it, even monarch butterflies in trees do it.
Birds do it, bees do it, even polyps in the sea do it.
Birds do it, bees do it, even salmon in the sea do it.
Birds do it, bees do.
Birds do it.
Birds Do It.
Birds do learn, however.
Birds do like water play, and with supervision, many even enjoy showers with their owners.
Birds do nothing.
Birds do still come home to roost.
Birds do take awhile to settle in to new enviorments, so time is needed, and love.
Birds do that by using their wings.
Birds do that instinctively, in response to a change in the temperature .
Birds do that, too.
Birds do the same, as do squirrels, etc.
Birds do wonderful things to match behavior with coloration.
Birds do, however, prefer some type of escape cover to retreat into when startled.
Birds do, of course Even trees have their own songs.
Birds dominate among wooden whistles of the collection.
Birds drink blood.
Birds drink fresh water.
Birds drink from the ponds in the summer and deer share apples, plums, and pears in the fall.
Birds drink liquids.
Birds drink salt water.
Birds drink sea water.
Birds drink water.
Birds drop dead from out of the sky over Mexico City from the intense smog there.
Birds drop debris on the ice which creates a serious hazard for ice skaters.
Birds drop lifeless from trees.
Birds drop out of the sky, dead, because of the heat and the sun.
Birds dropping outside of flyer's boundary, time is to be taken and flyer is to be disqualified.
Birds eat a lo t of willow, especially in the winter when other foods are scarce.
Birds eat a lot of food in winter in order to stay warm.
Birds eat a wide variety of seeds and insects.
Birds eat acorns.
Birds eat amphibians.
Birds eat animal food.
Birds eat ants.
Birds eat aquatic insects.
Birds eat at different heights, and some become territorial with feeding grounds.
Birds eat attractive berries.
Birds eat attractive red berries.
Birds eat bait.
Birds eat balance diets.
Birds eat baobab fruit.
Birds eat beetles.
Birds eat berries, seeds, insects and some even eat worms.
Birds eat berries.
Birds eat bird seeds.
Birds eat blackberries.
Birds eat both the larvae and adults of the gypsy moths.
Birds eat bread.
Birds eat buds and mountain beavers eat leaves and bark.
Birds eat bugs.
Birds eat caterpillars on the willows, however.
Birds eat certain food.
Birds eat commercial bird seeds.
Birds eat commercial seeds.
Birds eat continually throughout the day, dropping and discarding bits of food everywhere.
Birds eat crops, damage property, and leave deposits of droppings and nesting material.
Birds eat crops.
Birds eat diets.
Birds eat dry food.
Birds eat earthworms.
Birds eat ferment fruit.
Birds eat fly's.
Birds eat food in different ways.
Birds eat food that they scavenge.
Birds eat food.
Birds eat frequently throughout the daytime.
Birds eat fresh food.
Birds eat fruit seeds.
Birds eat fruit.
Birds eat grain.
Birds eat granules exposed on the soil surface, mistaking the granules for food or grit.
Birds eat granules or eat prey that have been exposed to chemicals.
Birds eat grasshoppers.
Birds eat harmful insects.
Birds eat insects, grubs, flies and spiders.
Birds eat insects, worms and other live creatures different from themselves.
Birds eat insects.
Birds eat it.
Birds eat larvae.
Birds eat leaves.
Birds eat liquid food.
Birds eat locusts.
Birds eat lots of insects.
Birds eat mealworms.
Birds eat mice.
Birds eat mosquitoes and other insects.
Birds eat moths.
Birds eat nectar.
Birds eat organisms.
Birds eat peppers.
Birds eat plants and are in turn consumed by African wildcats.
Birds eat prey.
Birds eat privet fruit.
Birds eat red berries.
Birds eat red fruit.
Birds eat salmon smolts released from hatcheries, and also eat hatchery and fishery offal.
Birds eat seeds all the time anyway.
Birds eat seeds and berries, and many eat insects as well.
Birds eat seeds.
Birds eat seeds.
Birds eat small fish with small bones.
Birds eat small seeds.
Birds eat souls.
Birds eat spiders.
Birds eat sprayed bugs and die themselves.
Birds eat stones because with birds being toothless.
Birds eat the adult flies and the larvae.
Birds eat the arils and spread theseed.
Birds eat the berries and disperse seeds to other locations.
Birds eat the berries and distribute the seeds in their droppings.
Birds eat the berries and find cover in the branches.
Birds eat the berries and in turn spread the seeds.
Birds eat the berries, by the way.
Birds eat the buds, small mammals eat the fruit, and several species feed on the bark and sprouts.
Birds eat the dry berries and disperse the seeds.
Birds eat the eggshells for the calcium they provide.
Birds eat the fallen berries, become intoxicated and get hit in the road.
Birds eat the fish, algae and human food.
Birds eat the fruit, dispersing the seeds to other tree limbs.
Birds eat the fruits, and then disperse the undigested seeds.
Birds eat the fruits, thereby spreading the seeds beyond the limits of cultivation.
Birds eat the hips, and then pass the seeds in new locations.
Birds eat the insects.
Birds eat the seeds and also collect the silken tassels for their nests.
Birds eat the seeds and are fun to watch.
Birds eat the seeds one at a time.
Birds eat the seeds.
Birds eat the shiny plastic and think they are full, but later die of starvation.
Birds eat the small, black fruit and deposit the seeds everywhere.
Birds eat the treated insects and berries.
Birds eat their berries, which are coated in gluey material called viscin.
Birds eat up the seed that falls on the hard soil of the path.
Birds eat worms.
Birds eat worms.
Birds eaten more frequently in nesting period.
Birds eating infected worms can also help disperse the oocysts.
Birds eating insects bring direct benefit to agriculture and forestry destroying pests.
Birds eating the petals pollinate the flower.
Birds emerge from eggs.
Birds employ the most astonishing strategies to conceal their young from predators.
Birds encounter many hazards during migration.
Birds enjoy a roomy and interesting enviroment.
Birds enjoy diets.
Birds enjoy eating pepper pods, but they have an aversion to the highly concentrated oleoresins.
Birds enjoy eating the seeds in the fall.
Birds enjoy fresh seeds.
Birds enjoy having their heads scratched.
Birds enjoy meals.
Birds enjoy oil seeds.
Birds enjoy seeds.
Birds enjoy shallow water.
Birds enjoy sounds and music in the background.
Birds enjoy spaghetti or a bit of chicken.
Birds enjoy the fruits, which are, unfortunately, unpalatable to humans.
Birds enjoy the many seeds the stalks hold through the fall and winter.
Birds enjoy the movement of swings, perhaps because they resemble branches swaying in the wind.
Birds enjoy the seeds.
Birds enjoy the small black cherries.
Birds enjoy veggies, fruits, pasta, sprouts, grains and even cooked meat such as chicken.
Birds Enter a forest of audio delights.
Birds enter forests.
Birds enter habitats.
Birds enter nests.
Birds enter territory.
Birds enter trees.
Birds enter water.
Birds establish breed territory.
Birds establish own territory.
Birds establish territories and begin mating and nesting.
Birds establish territory.
Birds evidently flock in politics, too.
Birds evolve from theropods.
Birds excavate at all times of day but more frequently in morning.
Birds exceed it only if the number of incubated eggs are included in the tally.
Birds excrete that white pasty stuff instead of separately urinating and defecating like mammals do.
Birds excrete their nitrogenous wastes as uric acid in the form of a paste.
Birds exhibit a variety of mating systems.
Birds exhibit a vast array of different behaviors, including many which humans can relate to.
Birds exhibit behavior.
Birds exhibit breed behavior.
Birds exhibit courtship behavior.
Birds exhibit eyes.
Birds exhibit patterns.
Birds exist as byproducts of vegetation.
Birds extend legs.
Birds extend necks.
Birds extend their ranges northwards.
Birds face a number of other threats.
Birds face many threats on their breeding and wintering grounds and on their migratory stop-overs.
Birds face sexual discrimination.
Birds face special challenges when it comes to obtaining nutrition from food.
Birds fall from the sky.
Birds fall out of the eye onto large bodies of water, or even wet parking lots that look like water.
Birds Fall to No.
Birds feed babies.
Birds feed chicks.
Birds feed diets.
Birds feed in fields.
Birds feed in forests.
Birds feed in habitats.
Birds feed in nests.
Birds feed in ponds.
Birds feed in regions.
Birds feed in trees.
Birds feed in water.
Birds feed mainly on the ground and often in vast flocks.
Birds feed meat diets.
Birds feed most frequently in the morning and evening.
Birds feed on berries and seeds found in hedgerow borders while ladybirds gorge on aphids.
Birds feed on berries.
Birds feed on blossoms.
Birds feed on caterpillars.
Birds feed on diets.
Birds feed on different food patches throughout the year.
Birds feed on fish.
Birds feed on fly insects.
Birds feed on food.
Birds feed on fruit berries.
Birds feed on grain.
Birds feed on insects and provide visual delight as well.
Birds feed on insects.
Birds feed on nectar.
Birds feed on plants.
Birds feed on protein diets.
Birds feed on seeds.
Birds feed on shoots.
Birds feed on slugs.
Birds feed on small fish.
Birds feed on the baitfish that stripers and blues often chase to the surface.
Birds feed on the berries and sometimes act drunk afterwards.
Birds feed on the buds, and rodents, such as beavers and porcupines, eat the bark.
Birds feed on the tight clusters of small, reddish fruit borne on the branch tips of female trees.
Birds feed on worms.
Birds feed seeds.
Birds feed upon adults and larvae while predatory bugs attack eggs and larvae.
Birds feed usually on insects and their larvae from the mid canopy.
Birds feeding at a bird feeder is an example of a dispersion economy.
Birds feeding babies get the vege mix and rice mix in the morning.
Birds feeding in flocks always have a few lookouts ready to sound the alarm in case of enemies.
Birds feel safer in cages that have corners so avoid cages that are round or dome shaped.
Birds feel safer when higher.
Birds feel vibration.
Birds feel wind.
Birds feel wings.
Birds figure prominently in Native legends.
Birds fill the air with their chirps and songs as they too celebrate the changing of the seasons.
Birds fill the air with their joyful melody.
Birds find animal food.
Birds find food.
Birds find fruits of both species edible.
Birds find habitats.
Birds find it difficult to peck on ears that have flopped over.
Birds find mates.
Birds find nest boxes and have young every year.
Birds find partners.
Birds find places.
Birds find sanctuaries.
Birds find the berries delectable, but the seeds are poisonous.
Birds find the berries hard to resist as well.
Birds find the mosquitoes and their larvae quite tasty.
Birds finish their molt and the days grow shorter.
Birds flap wings.
Birds flit across skies that, once gray and foreboding, are now light blue.
Birds flit among palm fronds and exotic fish glide in orchid-fringed pools.
Birds flit among the rustling bamboo where the water garden yields to meadow.
Birds flit from tree to tree with song and life.
Birds float above rolling green hills bordering the Pacific Ocean.
Birds flock here, too.
Birds flock overhead and sing in the forest.
Birds flock together as a violin plays, and a frog hops to the sound of a clarinet.
Birds flourish in the area.
Birds fluff up their feathers and trap air between the feathers.
Birds fluff up their feathers when they want to stay warm, since fluffing introduces air.
Birds fly .
Birds fly and eat insects.
Birds fly and fish swim.
Birds fly and the hugh beasts lumber aboard.
Birds fly at different times of the year.
Birds fly at many altitudes, depending on where they are going and the purpose for their travel.
Birds fly at night and rest during the day with other swans.
Birds fly at varying altitudes during migration.
Birds fly away and rodents go underground.
Birds fly away, dear and other reptiles find their own escape routes and so on.
Birds fly because of lift.
Birds fly casually in and out of the work sheds that used to hum with activity.
Birds fly faster when migrating than otherwise.
Birds fly from one area to another as their food sources shift.
Birds fly happily.
Birds fly high in the sky.
Birds fly in and birds fly out And never touch a hair.
Birds fly in and crash.
Birds fly in and out of the holes.
Birds fly in and out, spreading more contamination.
Birds fly in the air.
Birds fly in the blades and they are slaughtered.
Birds fly in the breezy air and sing graceful songs.
Birds fly in, land on the rafters, and fly right out.
Birds fly into the net and drop into a pocket of netting.
Birds fly into the window because they see the reflection of the woods.
Birds fly into windows for two reasons.
Birds fly into windows or mirrors, injuring themselves in the process.
Birds fly north during the summertime to evade warmer weather.
Birds fly north in the spring to find food and breed.
Birds fly northward or settle down to raise families.
Birds fly or sit facing into the wind or in a crosswind.
Birds fly out early.
Birds fly out of windows, never to be seen again.
Birds fly over cities.
Birds fly over countries.
Birds fly over ecosystems.
Birds fly over gardens.
Birds fly over grass.
Birds fly over ground.
Birds fly over habitats.
Birds fly over heads.
Birds fly over hills.
Birds fly over houses.
Birds fly over marsh.
Birds fly over nests.
Birds fly over oceans.
Birds fly over ponds.
Birds fly over sanctuaries.
Birds fly over ships.
Birds fly over the rainbow.
Birds fly over trees.
Birds fly over valleys.
Birds fly over vegetation.
Birds fly over water.
Birds fly over wetland.
Birds fly overhead A single tear falls.
Birds fly overhead.
Birds fly past a steaming chimney-stack.
Birds fly south as winter approaches.
Birds fly south for the winter because it's warmer in the South.
Birds fly south in the winter to keep warm.
Birds fly South or get ready to.
Birds fly south, far, far south.
Birds fly through and become contaminated.
Birds fly through flowers and foliate, with splendid houses set in unduloting country.
Birds fly through that containment.
Birds fly through the air.
Birds fly too.
Birds fly towards the sun.
Birds fly up from South America, going north to nest.
Birds fly up to their nests.
Birds fly up toward the sky.
Birds fly up, goldfinches and larks, bees, beetles, bugs and birds.
Birds fly up.
Birds fly using wings.
Birds fly very efficiently.
Birds fly with twists and turns.
Birds fly, but they are in a separate scientific classification.
Birds fly, fish swim, and people learn.
Birds fly, fish swim, liars lie, and critics criticize.
Birds fly, fish swim, man thinks and learns.
Birds fly, too.
Birds flying low, expect rain and a blow.
Birds flying overhead hear the murmurs of the crowd gathered for a wedding of gentry.
Birds flying overhead, in a pond, in a tree, on the road or at a bird feeder all qualify.
Birds fold wings.
Birds follow a similar strategy of waste elimination.
Birds follow instincts to provide, protect, and nurture.
Birds forage for aerial insects.
Birds forage for food.
Birds forage for insects.
Birds forage in agricultural fields.
Birds forage in fields.
Birds form breed pairs.
Birds form pairs.
Birds form the majority of the group of animals which collect building material of animal origin.
Birds frequent our feeders and the three bird baths.
Birds furnish equally remarkable illustrations.
Birds gain weight.
Birds gather in great numbers whenever there is a plague of insects.
Birds gather over our trees Drinking the nectar of blossoms.
Birds gather there at night to sleep.
Birds generally behave as if they perceive, learn, and act upon an object-filled visual world.
Birds generally handle transport remarkably well.
Birds generally have excellent color vision.
Birds generally swallow things whole, including stones.
Birds generally take off shortly after sundown and rapidly gain maximum altitude.
Birds get an opportunity to breed without human interferences.
Birds get areas.
Birds get drunk off berries then fly into windows.
Birds get food.
Birds get fresh food.
Birds get hardening of the arteries and heart disease just like people.
Birds get information about position of other birds through singing.
Birds get into compulsive preening behavior.
Birds get into their breeding plumage, a delight for any birder.
Birds get it one by one, and it takes about three weeks for a bird to die of the disease.
Birds get meals.
Birds get nutrients.
Birds get plumages.
Birds get prey.
Birds get quiet before a storm.
Birds get sharp teeth.
Birds get sick when they eat food contaminated by infected droppings.
Birds get slower when they're cold and it's easy for a cat to nab one.
Birds get teeth.
Birds get water.
Birds get weight.
Birds get worms.
Birds getting sucked into the engines are as much or more of a hazard than an animal.
Birds give birth to chicks.
Birds give birth to offspring.
Birds give birth to vertebrates.
Birds give concerts at that hour.
Birds give off heat as they grow.
Birds give rise to a most important form of divination.
Birds give song.
Birds -Gives information on various exotic birds from Australia.
Birds glide silently by on the currents.
Birds go after the ripening fruit, as do squirrels.
Birds go from the egg, to the chick, to the adult.
Birds go through a nippy stage when they hit puberty.
Birds go through a sequence of feather changes, or molts.
Birds go through distinct stages.
Birds go through most of the same phases as children do growing-up.
Birds go through several stages.
Birds go through stages.
Birds go to great lengths to maintain plumage in good condition.
Birds go to the poles, and survive extremely low temperatures.
Birds go underwater.
Birds gorge themselves on inebriating berries, then fly with reckless abandon.
Birds Gotta Fly . . .
Birds grab prey.
Birds gradually replace old feathers with new ones each year.
Birds grow a girdle of bone in their chests quite different from dinosaur chests.
Birds grow cells.
Birds grow fastest, followed by mammals, marsupials, reptiles and then fish.
Birds grow tired of the air.
Birds handle excretory material in a similar way to reptiles.
Birds harbor the virus and transmit it to mosquitoes, which, in turn, can infect humans.
Birds has hot shower and restroom facilities.
Birds has-part bones.
Birds has-part brains.
Birds has-part cerebrums.
Birds has-part claws.
Birds has-part extremities.
Birds has-part feet.
Birds has-part gizzards.
Birds has-part hearts.
Birds has-part legs.
Birds has-part lungs.
Birds has-part muscles.
Birds has-part skeletons.
Birds has-part skin.
Birds has-part tails.
Birds has-part throats.
Birds has-part tracheae.
Birds has-part veins.
Birds has-part vertebrae.
Birds has-part wings.
Birds hatch and raise offspring.
Birds hate losing their balance.
Birds hate the unknown.
Birds have (part) air sacs.
Birds have (part) bird's feet.
Birds have (part) breasts.
Birds have (part) cell membranes.
Birds have (part) cells.
Birds have (part) chest cavities.
Birds have (part) chests.
Birds have (part) corpi.
Birds have (part) cytoplasm.
Birds have (part) ears.
Birds have (part) faces.
Birds have (part) flight feathers.
Birds have (part) heads.
Birds have (part) lips.
Birds have (part) mouths.
Birds have (part) nuclei.
Birds have (part) plasma membranes.
Birds have (part) quill feathers.
Birds have (part) rib cages.
Birds have (part) second joints.
Birds have (part) sections.
Birds have (part) skulls.
Birds have (part) sterna.
Birds have (part) talons.
Birds have (part) vacuoles.
Birds have (part) wishbones.
Birds have a beak or a bill.
Birds have a bony sternum, but some birds lack a keel.
Birds have a built-in calendar, clock, and the ability to tell latitude and longitude.
Birds have a fully ossified skeleton with air cavities.
Birds have a gland in the eye that controls reproduction.
Birds have a high metabolic rate and a high energy requirement.
Birds have a large brain to body mass ratio.
Birds have a lightweight skeleton.
Birds have a long fossil record and new discoveries are being made every year.
Birds have a lot of adaptations for flight.
Birds have a modified diapsid type of skull.
Birds have a much higher glucose level than any mammalian species.
Birds have a muscular portion of the stomach called the gizzard, which grinds and crushes food.
Birds have a natural fondness for fruit.
Birds have a natural instinct to preen when their feathers are wet.
Birds have a natural tendency to imitate each other.
Birds have a naturally higher body heat than many other creatures.
Birds have a pair of legs and feet with sharp claws for clinging to branches of trees.
Birds have a pair of lungs connected to the outside air by a single trachea.
Birds have a poor sense of smell.
Birds have a poorly developed clotting system.
Birds have a poorly developed sense of smell.
Birds have a relatively small supply of circulating blood in their bodies.
Birds have a remarkable immune system, and it is constantly being tested by new microbes.
Birds have a reversed rear toe that opposes the front three toes and allows birds to perch.
Birds have a sac-like structure called a to store and moisten food.
Birds have a series of air sacs in the body that serve to reduce weight.
Birds have a series of air sacs located around each lung.
Birds have a short tail and the caudal vertebrae are fused to give the pygostyle.
Birds have a significant role in almost all ecological systems.
Birds have a similar basic plan to their nervous system as the rest of the vertebrates.
Birds have a similar leg and sacral structure.
Birds have a similar system, but it works in the opposite direction.
Birds have a single oil gland near the base of the tail, referred to as the preen gland.
Birds have a smaller total number of bones than mammals or reptiles.
Birds have a specially designed skeleton for efficient aero-dynamic performance.
Birds have a streamlined body shape , so that they slip through air more easily .
Birds have a streamlined body shape, so that they slip through air more easily.
Birds have a thicker retina than humans and their eyes are larger in proportion to their head size.
Birds have a thin and delicate epidermis, or skin, compared to other vertebrates.
Birds have a third pattern of gene arrangement.
Birds have a tremendous variety of combinations of feather components.
Birds have a unique lung with a one-way air flow design.
Birds have a use for their tail in providing aerodynamic guidance as they fly.
Birds have a very different system.
Birds have a very high metabloic rate and the smaller the bird the higher the rate.
Birds have a very high metabolic rate, and thus require a high breathing rate.
Birds have a very poor sense of smell.
Birds have a very special feeling about their droppings.
Birds have a very strong beak.
Birds have a way of enriching their water by dropping food in it.
Birds have a way of putting things in perspective.
Birds have a wide variety of feathers, from large flight feathers to tiny down feathers.
Birds have ability.
Birds have absolutely no ideas about human gender.
Birds have accents.
Birds have active enzymes.
Birds have adequate water.
Birds have adult plumages.
Birds have air sacs that collect air.
Birds have air sacs within their bones.
Birds have air sacs.
Birds have amaze eyesights.
Birds have amazing and varied behaviors.
Birds have an acute sense of taste.
Birds have an attractive look with the make up of their feathers.
Birds have an efficient breathing system, with two lungs that have special balloon-like air sacs.
Birds have an inherent instinct to hide their symptoms and illnesses.
Birds have an organ called a crop, which contains stones that grind food.
Birds have ancestors.
Birds have another tool in their bag of visual tricks.
Birds have appearances.
Birds have appetite.
Birds have areas.
Birds have arteries.
Birds have backbones.
Birds have backs.
Birds have bald heads.
Birds have beaks and claws.
Birds have beaks.
Birds have beaks.
Birds have beautiful feathers.
Birds have behavior.
Birds have better access to feed with wider auger pitch.
Birds have bilateral symmetry.
Birds have bills but they sing anyway.
Birds have bills.
Birds have black beaks.
Birds have black plumages.
Birds have blood feathers.
Birds have blood.
Birds have blue plumages.
Birds have bluish wings.
Birds have bodies covered with feathers.
Birds have body temperature.
Birds have bones that are hard and very thick.
Birds have bones.
Birds have bony beaks that are specialised according to the bird's ecological niche .
Birds have brains.
Birds have break legs.
Birds have breasts.
Birds have breed ranges.
Birds have bright beaks.
Birds have bright color.
Birds have bright eyes.
Birds have bright feathers.
Birds have bright orange feathers.
Birds have bright red eyes.
Birds have bright yellow beaks.
Birds have brown eyes.
Birds have brown feathers.
Birds have brown hues.
Birds have brownish eyes.
Birds have brownish heads.
Birds have calls.
Birds have capacity.
Birds have care.
Birds have chambers.
Birds have chances.
Birds have chest muscles.
Birds have chins.
Birds have choices.
Birds have claws.
Birds have color.
Birds have coloration.
Birds have colorful feathers.
Birds have common ancestors.
Birds have compounds.
Birds have coronary arteries.
Birds have courtship behavior.
Birds have crests.
Birds have curves.
Birds have dark beaks.
Birds have dark brown feathers.
Birds have dark color.
Birds have dark eyes.
Birds have dark feathers.
Birds have dark plumages.
Birds have dark red color.
Birds have dark undersides.
Birds have defense mechanisms.
Birds have definite likes and dislikes and they can be really jealous as well.
Birds have delicate bones.
Birds have delicate respiratory systems.
Birds have delicate, hollow bones to lighten their weight while dinosaurs had solid bones.
Birds have diaphragms.
Birds have diets.
Birds have different coloration.
Birds have different colors, sizes, wing markings, tail shapes, beaks, and habits.
Birds have different kinds of beaks, depending on the kind of food it eats.
Birds have different kinds of feet and beaks.
Birds have different personalities, just like humans.
Birds have different types.
Birds have different ways of looking colorful.
Birds have difficulty.
Birds have diseases such as psittacosis and avian tuberculosis.
Birds have distinctive ability.
Birds have distinctive appearances.
Birds have distinctive crests.
Birds have distinctive features.
Birds have eggs.
Birds have energy.
Birds have enlarge glands.
Birds have enormous eyes relative to their body size and the keenest vision of all vertebrates.
Birds have enzymes.
Birds have even a little more capacity.
Birds have excellent colour vision, and the feathers of many species react to ultraviolet light.
Birds have excellent eyes, perhaps the best of all vertebrates.
Birds have excellent vision and coordination, supported by well-developed areas of the brain.
Birds have experience.
Birds have exposure.
Birds have external sex organs.
Birds have extremely great energy requirements because of their high metabolic rate.
Birds have extremely keen vision.
Birds have eyelids.
Birds have eyes.
Birds have eyes.
Birds have eyesights.
Birds have fantastic eyesight with a keen ability to discern colors.
Birds have feathers and lay eggs.
Birds have feathers and mammals have hair.
Birds have feathers and wings.
Birds have feathers for protection from different weather conditions.
Birds have feathers on most of their body, and scales on legs and feet.
Birds have feathers on their skin .
Birds have feathers on their skin.
Birds have feathers that are designed for different functions.
Birds have feathers that make a flapping sound.
Birds have feathers, are hatched from eggs, and are usually mouth-fed by their parents.
Birds have feathers, beaks, wings.
Birds have feathers, two wings, two feet, bills or beaks, eggs, etc.
Birds have feathers, wings, beaks, and scales on their legs and feet.
Birds have feathers, wings, lay eggs and are warm blooded.
Birds have feathers.
Birds have feathers.
Birds have features.
Birds have feet and can walk.
Birds have feet.
Birds have fertilization.
Birds have few feathers.
Birds have fewer taste buds than do mammals.
Birds have fewer vertebrae and fewer bones at the ends of their limbs.
Birds have fewer vertebrae while other species have more.
Birds have flat sterna.
Birds have flesh.
Birds have flexibility.
Birds have flight.
Birds have foliage.
Birds have food.
Birds have forearms modified for flight.
Birds have four appendages.
Birds have four cone receptors and also they are able to see the ultraviolet radation.
Birds have fresh water.
Birds have fun and trim nails and beak at the same time.
Birds have functions.
Birds have gizzards.
Birds have glands.
Birds have glossy black plumages.
Birds have glossy green heads.
Birds have glossy plumages.
Birds have good diets.
Birds have good eyesight and colour vision and most are active by day.
Birds have good eyesights.
Birds have good vision, sense of smell and have a magnetic field detection.
Birds have gray areas.
Birds have gray feathers.
Birds have great potential.
Birds have great prominence in Irish mythology.
Birds have green feathers.
Birds have green plumages.
Birds have growth curves.
Birds have guts.
Birds have habits.
Birds have hard shells.
Birds have hatchlings.
Birds have heads.
Birds have hearts.
Birds have high metabolisms, and their condition can degrade very quickly without proper care.
Birds have highly developed color vision.
Birds have highly efficient lungs, divided ventricles in their heart, and are warm- blooded.
Birds have highly efficient respiratory systems which absorb chemicals very quickly.
Birds have hiss voices.
Birds have hollow bones and are astoundingly light.
Birds have hollow bones like dinosaurs and their feathers are really just a form of scales.
Birds have hollow bones that are very light and strong.
Birds have hollow bones.
Birds have hollow, lightweight bones, ideal for flight-but poor for fossilization.
Birds have homes.
Birds have hook beaks.
Birds have hues.
Birds have huge eyes, particularly owls.
Birds have impact.
Birds have inner chambers.
Birds have instinct.
Birds have internal fertilization.
Birds have intestines.
Birds have intrinsic value.
Birds have it much easier.
Birds have joints.
Birds have kinds.
Birds have kinetic skulls.
Birds have knees.
Birds have large beaks.
Birds have large breast muscles.
Birds have large hook beaks.
Birds have large muscles.
Birds have large prey.
Birds have large ranges.
Birds have large yellow bills.
Birds have legs.
Birds have leukocytes , too, and the most numerous leukocyte is the lymphocyte .
Birds have life.
Birds have lifetime exposure.
Birds have light and porous bones but kiwis have heavy bones like mammals.
Birds have light brown eyes.
Birds have lightweight skeletons in which many of the major bones are hollow.
Birds have light-weight that are filled with air.
Birds have limbs.
Birds have linear structures.
Birds have little if any magnifying power in their eyes.
Birds have little sense of smell.
Birds have lock mechanisms.
Birds have long legs, bright yellow beaks and are brightly marked and speckled in wintertime.
Birds have long legs.
Birds have long necks.
Birds have long tongues.
Birds have low reproductive output.
Birds have lung capacity.
Birds have lungs.
Birds have many adaptations for flight such as lightweight, hollow bones, feathers, and wings.
Birds have many adaptations including flying, laying eggs, having a beak, and hollow bones.
Birds have many advantages over other pet therapy alternatives.
Birds have many different ways of taking off.
Birds have mechanisms.
Birds have memory.
Birds have metabolism.
Birds have more cones in their retinas than do humans and thus have excellent color vision.
Birds have mostly thin skin with little keratin.
Birds have mouths.
Birds have moveable upper and lower eyelids, just like humans.
Birds have much less blood than humans and can literally bleed to death from a broken blood feather.
Birds have mucous in respiratory tract and spotty hemorrhages on abdominal fat.
Birds have muscles.
Birds have muscular tongues.
Birds have nasal glands.
Birds have natural predators.
Birds have necks.
Birds have nest sites.
Birds have nests with eggs inside.
Birds have night vision.
Birds have no ability to reason or to comprehend the concept of reflection.
Birds have no respect.
Birds have no spit.
Birds have no sweat glands and lose heat through their respiratory system and exposed skin.
Birds have no teeth and depend on grit in their gizzard to help digest their food.
Birds have no teeth at all.
Birds have no teeth to grind their food.
Birds have no teeth.
Birds have no urinary bladder, and urine is temporarily held in the cloaca.
Birds have none of that.
Birds have offspring.
Birds have one beak, two wings, and two feet.
Birds have one common tract for urine, poop, eggs and sperm.
Birds have one occipital condyle, but mammals have two.
Birds have one of the most complex respiratory systems of all animal groups.
Birds have one type of body, fish have another, the moon has yet another.
Birds have only one functional ovary.
Birds have orange feathers.
Birds have organs.
Birds have other adaptations that keep their weight low.
Birds have other skeletal differences from other animals.
Birds have output.
Birds have overall appearances.
Birds have pale brown backs.
Birds have particularly thinner barriers than bats and nonflying mammals.
Birds have phenotypes.
Birds have pin feathers which are new feathers that are covered by a thin sheath.
Birds have pink plumages.
Birds have places.
Birds have plumages.
Birds have plumes.
Birds have pneumatic bones that are hollow rather than tissue-filled.
Birds have pneumatic bones that are hollow, and light in weight.
Birds have pneumatic bones.
Birds have poor night vision.
Birds have poor vision.
Birds have potential.
Birds have powerful beaks.
Birds have powerful beaks.
Birds have powerful breast muscles which is the power source for the movement of the wings.
Birds have predators.
Birds have presence.
Birds have prey.
Birds have problems.
Birds have ranges.
Birds have ravenous appetite.
Birds have receptors.
Birds have red color.
Birds have red eyes.
Birds have red tails.
Birds have relatively large eyes in relation to the size of the head.
Birds have remarkable genetic programmes for building nests, singing and migrating.
Birds have reproductive output.
Birds have reproductive success.
Birds have reptilian scales.
Birds have round tails.
Birds have sacs.
Birds have salt glands.
Birds have same problems.
Birds have scales, claws, and they lay eggs.
Birds have scissor beaks.
Birds have senses.
Birds have sensitive feet and they can feel the vibrations of the earthworms moving underground.
Birds have several ways of adjusting the time and energy costs of intermittent incubation.
Birds have sex organs.
Birds have sharp beaks.
Birds have sharp eyes and are always on the lookout for an insect meal.
Birds have sharp eyes.
Birds have sharp eyesight, and their eyes can dart quickly to spot food or predators.
Birds have sharp hook beaks.
Birds have shelter areas.
Birds have short beaks.
Birds have short loops, mammals longer.
Birds have shrill calls.
Birds have sides.
Birds have sing voices.
Birds have sites.
Birds have skeletal structures.
Birds have skeletons similar to mammal skeletons.
Birds have skeletons.
Birds have skin.
Birds have skulls.
Birds have slender bills.
Birds have small glomeruli, but about twice as many nephrons as similarly sized mammals.
Birds have social life.
Birds have solid bones.
Birds have some unique difficulties.
Birds have something of an advantage when it comes to speed, for obvious reasons.
Birds have songs.
Birds have sound.
Birds have special adaptations that allow flight to be possible.
Birds have spectacular plumes.
Birds have splendid feathers.
Birds have sterna.
Birds have strategies.
Birds have strong breast muscles.
Birds have strong claws.
Birds have strong muscles.
Birds have structures.
Birds have stun plumages.
Birds have success.
Birds have surface areas.
Birds have swallow difficulty.
Birds have sweat glands.
Birds have swell eyes.
Birds have swell heads.
Birds have swell throats.
Birds have symmetry.
Birds have tails.
Birds have talons and can grasp a branch securely.
Birds have temperature.
Birds have tendencies.
Birds have tendons.
Birds have the ability to learn and respond to specific training experiences.
Birds have the ability to see ultraviolet light as well as the primary colors.
Birds have the best sight in the animal kingdom to see ripe fruit colors.
Birds have the capacity to mask signs of illness.
Birds have the greatest number and range of influenza strains.
Birds have the right of way on all highways.
Birds have their own ways for adapting to global warming.
Birds have thick necks.
Birds have thicker egg shells than reptiles.
Birds have thin tendons.
Birds have third eyelids.
Birds have three basic types of feathers.
Birds have three eyelids, and so do dogs and cats.
Birds have throats.
Birds have to be removed from the building before spraying.
Birds have to eat alot of food to store fat for their journey.
Birds have to eat more food than their proportion size because of their high metabolic rates.
Birds have to eat regularly in order to stay healthy.
Birds have to fly to get food and to run away from their enemies.
Birds have to have a light mass so that they still are able to carry themselves in flight.
Birds have to incubate eggs outside their body, requiring additional heat.
Birds have to lay down a substantial food reserve to be able to fly thousands of miles.
Birds have to maintain a small mass because in order to stay in flight.
Birds have tongues.
Birds have toothless beaks.
Birds have tremendous cultural and economic value.
Birds have trouble.
Birds have tunes.
Birds have two eyes.
Birds have two types of nephrons.
Birds have two-part wings.
Birds have types.
Birds have unbelievably thin bones that are extremely strong.
Birds have uncinate processes on the ribs.
Birds have undersides.
Birds have values.
Birds have various functions.
Birds have vary diets.
Birds have very airy bones, large animals have very dense bone.
Birds have very brief sleep periods.
Birds have very good homing abilities.
Birds have very good homing instincts.
Birds have very large chest muscles called pectorals which are used to flap the wings.
Birds have very light, fragile bones which can easily be injured by a clumsy landing or a fall.
Birds have very sensitive respiratory systems.
Birds have very strong muscles in their wings and very light, hollow bones.
Birds have vision.
Birds have voices.
Birds have water.
Birds have watery eyes.
Birds have weight.
Birds have white plumages.
Birds have wide breed ranges.
Birds have wide ranges.
Birds have wings and most have the ability to fly.
Birds have wings and so do insects.
Birds have wings for flying.
Birds have wings which they use to fly and they have feathers and beaks and two legs.
Birds have wings, are feathered, have beaks, lay eggs, and are warm-blooded.
Birds have wings, which help in flying.
Birds have wings.
Birds have wings.
Birds have wonderful dispersal abilities.
Birds have yellow beaks.
Birds have yellow skin.
Birds have yet to return to beaches.
Birds having grease-quills are to be preferred.
Birds head south in the fall even though food is still plentiful.
Birds hear prey.
Birds hear shouting, too.
Birds help disperse the fruits.
Birds help ecosystems.
Birds help rainforests.
Birds help to maintain balance in the environment.
Birds here are quite tame and easy to photograph.
Birds here count desert visitors, together with flamingoes, avocets and ducks.
Birds hide illness as an instinctive protection against predators.
Birds hide illness quite well.
Birds hide in trees.
Birds hide their illnesses very well as it is part of their natural defenses.
Birds highlighted in PINK are vulnerable.
Birds hold widespread public interest.
Birds hop slower, but keep peeping.
Birds huddle together for warmth.
Birds hunt food.
Birds hunt insects.
Birds hunt worms.
Birds imitating sounds produced by technology is nothing new.
Birds immediately go after eachother and start fighting but with out any wounds.
Birds imported from Canada are exempt from quarantine requirements.
Birds imported from the wild are often frightened and high-strung.
Birds imprint on first moving object seen.
Birds include birds.
Birds include blue jays.
Birds include cuckoos.
Birds include doves.
Birds include ducks.
Birds include geese.
Birds include gulls.
Birds include hummingbirds.
Birds include jays.
Birds include mourn doves.
Birds include pigeons.
Birds ingest matter.
Birds inhabit areas.
Birds inhabit urban areas.
Birds inhale the mold spores and infection spreads in the lungs, causing bronchitis and pneumonia.
Birds instinctively feed their young worms and build nests without ever having been taught how.
Birds instinctively seek the best comfort zone available.
Birds is birds.
Birds IS still a topic.
Birds just happen to be the images on the cards.
Birds just look a bit ragged.
Birds keep a distance.
Birds keep farmers in business.
Birds kill insects.
Birds kill prey.
Birds know no political borders.
Birds know what god is like.
Birds know when to fly south.
Birds lack teeth, and the grit which is kept in the gizzard is used to grind up seeds.
Birds lack teeth.
Birds lack teeth.
Birds lack the enzyme necessary to form bilirubin and thus form biliverdin instead.
Birds landing on the aerial have the effect of severely diminishing the signal, too.
Birds landing on the float add nutrients to the system, enriching it.
Birds lay amniotic eggs with hard, calcium carbonate shells.
Birds lay eggs and most bird parents look after their young.
Birds lay eggs in clutches .
Birds lay eggs in their nests .
Birds lay eggs which they generally incubate.
Birds lay eggs, and eggs have to be kept warm.
Birds lay eggs.
Birds lay eggs.
Birds lay hard eggs but provide a great deal of care for their eggs and developing young.
Birds lay hard-shelled eggs made mostly of calcium carbonate.
Birds lay hard-shelled eggs that hatch and produce helpless chicks.
Birds Learn about birds.
Birds Learn about habitat, endangered birds, bird anatomy, orders of birds.
Birds Learn about the relationships between backyard plants and birds.
Birds learn characteristics.
Birds learn from experience.
Birds learn quickly to avoid certain types of food that are poisonous.
Birds learn skills.
Birds learn song from aggressive tutors.
Birds learn the trick from each other.
Birds learn their songs.
Birds learn to associate odors with wind direction.
Birds learn to communicate with people through sounds, behaviors, and actions.
Birds learn to discriminate after one exposure.
Birds leave a trainers hand or perch willingly to fly.
Birds leave on migratory journeys, bears and rodents hide in hibernation.
Birds lift backs.
Birds lift eyes.
Birds lift feet.
Birds lift heads.
Birds lift legs.
Birds lift their wings slightly.
Birds lift wings.
Birds like corn.
Birds like food.
Birds like meals.
Birds like nests.
Birds like plants.
Birds like to be with birds of like feather.
Birds like to eat mice.
Birds like to eat sunflower seeds.
Birds like to feed in quiet secluded places near trees and bushes.
Birds like to feed in the sun and out of the wind.
Birds like to feed large, juicy insects to their young.
Birds like to feed near cover.
Birds like to feel safe when bathing, so selecting the proper location is important.
Birds like to feel safe when feeding.
Birds like to know they can easily fly to cover if necessary.
Birds like to perch and view an area before sampling food and water.
Birds like to preen after a bath and after meals.
Birds like trees.
Birds like water.
Birds like worms.
Birds likely choose breeding sites based on vegetation characteristics.
Birds live a long time.
Birds live a very precarious life surrounded by many natural and man-made dangers.
Birds live considerably longer than mammals of comparable body size.
Birds live for many years.
Birds live for years.
Birds live in Africa.
Birds live in areas.
Birds live in cities.
Birds live in communities.
Birds live in countries.
Birds live in ecosystems.
Birds live in environments.
Birds live in every part of Jamaica, from the sea to the top of the tallest mountain.
Birds live in every room unless the patient objects.
Birds live in forests.
Birds live in groups.
Birds live in habitats.
Birds live in nests.
Birds live in places.
Birds live in regions.
Birds live in same places.
Birds live in small areas.
Birds live in the fields or in the woods.
Birds live in the holes.
Birds live in towns.
Birds live in trees.
Birds live in trees.
Birds live in urban areas.
Birds live in woodlands.
Birds live in worlds.
Birds live on beaches.
Birds live on continents.
Birds live on Earth, trees live on Earth.
Birds live on seeds.
Birds live on shores.
Birds live on the edge.
Birds live on trees.
Birds living along the fringes of forests or the edge of the sea are good examples.
Birds living near lakes, pond or the ocean are most likely to eat the following organisms.
Birds living on small islands are highly vulnerable to extinction.
Birds localize their activities in either the canopy or the subcanopy.
Birds locate their largest air sacs between their flight muscles and in their body cavity.
Birds Look at and identify many birds and how to go bird watching.
Birds look for bright colors and high nectar production characteristics.
Birds look for places.
Birds look like birds.
Birds look like chickens.
Birds look like dinosaur birds.
Birds look nice, sound nice and their presence is a sign of a healthy environment.
Birds lose feathers.
Birds lose pin feathers.
Birds lose tail feathers.
Birds lose their feathers at certain times .
Birds lose their feathers at certain times.
Birds love a ready food supply.
Birds love a slow sprinkler.
Birds love a tasty little lizard snack.
Birds love anything that fruits.
Birds love berries.
Birds love berries.
Birds love blueberries.
Birds love dripping, splashing and moving water.
Birds love 'em, because they can ride a thermal all day with nary one flap of the wing.
Birds love environments.
Birds love evergreens especially in winter when other trees have lost their leaves.
Birds love feeding in partially shaded areas.
Birds love flowers.
Birds love food.
Birds love fruits and seedlings.
Birds love gardens.
Birds love grapes.
Birds love homes.
Birds love insects.
Birds love it and in the fall the leaves turn blazing orange.
Birds love it, and the flowers smell heavenly in the spring.
Birds love leftovers.
Birds love nests.
Birds love our world and a wide variety of species move through the area in the annual migrations.
Birds love perches, swings and toys made from safe, strong guava wood.
Birds love repetition.
Birds love seeds.
Birds love the berries and deposit the seeds all over the place.
Birds love the berries.
Birds love the berry-like cones, which are a food source during the winter.
Birds love the cherries and distribute the seeds widely.
Birds love the dense canopy and abundant seeds.
Birds love the dense cover and fruits that hollies provide.
Birds love the fruit and apparently it makes one heckuva a wine.
Birds love the fruit.
Birds love the loose hanging leaves, as they play with one side, the other moves as well.
Birds love the park.
Birds love the refuge of their hidden jungles.
Birds love the seeds.
Birds love the sheltered dining area.
Birds love the sound of trickling water.
Birds love the spacious feeding area, which is protected from rain and snow.
Birds love the variety of colors and mix of crunchy and chewy textures.
Birds love the white, fall berries.
Birds love to be feed sunflowers.
Birds love to chew.
Birds love to climb so it is better to have the bars on the sides running horizontal if possible.
Birds love to dine on all sorts of bugs, big and small.
Birds love to eat the grapes and a fine jelly can be made when ripe in early summer.
Birds love to eat what their owners eat.
Birds love to splash in water, so including a birdbath is a good method to attract songbirds.
Birds love trees.
Birds love variety in color and shape.
Birds love water.
Birds love worms.
Birds mainly fulmars.
Birds maintain territory.
Birds maintain their feather condition by bathing in water, dust bathing, and preening.
Birds maintain weight.
Birds make a nest where they lay their eggs.
Birds make a variety of sounds with a variety of purposes.
Birds make adjustment.
Birds make all kinds of sounds and noises.
Birds make big holes in dead trees and move right in.
Birds make coo sound.
Birds make delicate adjustment.
Birds make delicate lacy prints as they scratch for sunflower seeds.
Birds make eggs.
Birds make exotic noises, and insects sizzle and click.
Birds make extensive and specially directed flights.
Birds make fascinating subjects for the wildlife photographer.
Birds make foot strides.
Birds make great sky-circles of their freedom.
Birds make homes.
Birds make it look so easy.
Birds make life.
Birds make little noise.
Birds make meals.
Birds make movement.
Birds make nests from string, grass and sticks.
Birds make nests in trees.
Birds make nests.
Birds make noise.
Birds make pretty raspy sounds, but geese are famous for being the nastiest.
Birds make problems.
Birds make racket.
Birds make sites.
Birds make sound.
Birds make strides.
Birds make terrible sound.
Birds make their living in a number of ways.
Birds make their nest in circles.
Birds make their nests in circles, The sun comes forth and goes down again in a circle.
Birds make their nests in trees and shrubs of different kinds of materials they have collected.
Birds make thrust movement.
Birds make trips.
Birds make unusual sound.
Birds make up a only small percentage of their diet when they rely solely on hunting for food.
Birds make usual racket.
Birds make wonderful and entertaining pets.
Birds make wonderful life.
Birds make wonderful pets.
Birds making nests or beavers building dams are examples of complex programmed behavior.
Birds manage to keep the number of insects down during most seasons.
Birds mask the symptoms of illness and injury.
Birds mate for life.
Birds mate for life.
Birds mature and change.
Birds meet in the fields at sunrise.
Birds memorize a tutor song in youth and produce a copy of it at sexual maturity.
Birds mesmerize, soothe, and entertain.
Birds migrate and build homes according to their unique inner senses.
Birds migrate back to wintering areas.
Birds migrate during different times of the year to find food.
Birds migrate during the day or night.
Birds migrate for a variety of reasons.
Birds migrate from the area during the winter.
Birds migrate from the tundra during the colder months.
Birds migrate in flocks, in a V-formation.
Birds migrate in order to find .
Birds migrate instinctively based on the length of each day.
Birds migrate long distances more in response to astronomical calendars than the weather.
Birds migrate mainly to search for food.
Birds migrate out of season and sing in the artificial daylight of the night.
Birds migrate primarily to gain access to the best food sources.
Birds migrate south to their winter homes.
Birds migrate through aerial corridors called flyways.
Birds migrate to coastal regions.
Birds migrate to escape poor weather and food supply.
Birds migrate to habitats.
Birds migrate to homes.
Birds migrate to more favorable weather.
Birds migrate to regions.
Birds migrate to southern hemisphere to escape the cold.
Birds migrate to the taiga every year for the plentiful food supply.
Birds migrate to weather.
Birds migrate with the seasons.
Birds migrating at night use the constellations and moon as guides.
Birds migrating between North and South america tend to be funneled into a small area.
Birds mostly occur in pairs or small family parties.
Birds mostly seen are waterfowls, which are supported by presence of algae in the surrounding lakes.
Birds mostly use their keen eyesight to find food.
Birds move among feeders and spread diseases as they go.
Birds move back and forth in route to feeding and roosting sites.
Birds move eggs.
Birds move feet.
Birds move from exposed coasts to more protected areas in autumn.
Birds move from place to place in search of food.
Birds move in the grass taking flight at the movement of horse and rider.
Birds move into areas.
Birds move tails.
Birds move through the air by pulling themselves forward like a person rowing a boat.
Birds move through the changing seasons to better utilize available habitats.
Birds move to saline lakes and reservoirs until playas thaw.
Birds move toward the south.
Birds much prefer white to red millet according to a wholesaler of bird seed.
Birds munch it.
Birds naturally love to perch on branches and chew away at the bark and leaves.
Birds naturally renew their feathers at least once a year.
Birds need amounts.
Birds need animal proteins.
Birds need areas.
Birds need balance diets.
Birds need calorie food.
Birds need care.
Birds need diets.
Birds need energy.
Birds need food.
Birds need large areas.
Birds need large talons.
Birds need medical care.
Birds need nutrition.
Birds need places.
Birds need proteins.
Birds need shelter.
Birds need talons.
Birds need vital energy.
Birds need vitamins.
Birds nest alongside channels.
Birds nest at a wide variety of heights, from ground level to the tops of trees.
Birds nest directly upon the stone, there being neither soil nor trees down here.
Birds nest in artificial cavities.
Birds nest in cavities.
Birds nest in dead trees.
Birds nest in habitats.
Birds nest in it every year.
Birds nest in regions.
Birds nest in suitable habitats.
Birds nest in trees.
Birds nest nearby and sing among the leaves.
Birds nest on mountains.
Birds nest places.
Birds nest same places.
Birds nest there, bats hover near.
Birds nesting at the forest edge are at special risk.
Birds nesting in aggregations can also benefit from group defense.
Birds nesting on a scrape typically use grass instead of sticks for their nests.
Birds never seem to get sick when they fly.
Birds never sing the songs of another species.
Birds never stop singing their song of hope.
Birds normally achieve thrust during flight by flapping their wings .
Birds normally achieve thrust during flight by flapping their wings.
Birds normally make up only a small percent of the diet.
Birds normally move among feeders and can spread diseases as they go.
Birds now go to sleep - in early twilight people losing their faces.
Birds now live almost everywhere on Earth.
Birds obtain enough food.
Birds obtain food.
Birds obviously detect polarized light much differently and more efficiently than do humans.
Birds occasionally feed on the caterpillars.
Birds occasionally squawk as they pass overhead.
Birds occupy a diverse range of niches and are sensitive indicators of ecosystem health.
Birds occupy a prominent place in Italian superstitions concerning death.
Birds occupy areas.
Birds occupy different areas.
Birds occupy different geographic areas.
Birds occupy every habitat on Earth.
Birds occupy geographic areas.
Birds occupy habitats.
Birds occupy residential areas.
Birds occur endlessly in Hitchcock's work.
Birds occur in environments.
Birds occur in forest habitats.
Birds occur in great lake regions.
Birds occur in habitats.
Birds occur in regions.
Birds occur in woodlands.
Birds offer many examples of monogamy.
Birds only have a few tablespoons of blood in their veins, and any bleeding can be life-threatening.
Birds open beaks.
Birds open mouths.
Birds pass through from climes south.
Birds pay no notice to red, so the woman permits their flight.
Birds peck at seed, simulating feeding behavior in their natural habitat.
Birds peck out holes in the tree to build a nest, to lay eggs, and to eat bugs hiding in the tree.
Birds peck out seeds to eat, scattering more to germinate into new plants.
Birds pecking in the lawn indicate an insect problem in the lawn.
Birds perch high and low.
Birds perch in trees.
Birds perch on hazard markers and hunt insects in the rough.
Birds perch on ledges to scan for food and predators, and for nesting.
Birds perch on surfaces.
Birds perch on vertical surfaces.
Birds perch on wire.
Birds perch silently with anticipation.
Birds perch very well right-side up.
Birds perch with the base of their foot, wrapping the toes around a perch.
Birds pick at the turf, tearing out the sod in one-inch pieces.
Birds pick flies, ticks and other insects off the skin of hippos.
Birds pick the fruit, fly away to eat, and drop the seeds.
Birds pick the pellets up as they do small stones, to grind food in the gizzard.
Birds pick up germs and disease easily.
Birds pick up organisms.
Birds pick up something.
Birds pick up worms.
Birds picking up the infected egg also infect themselves with Blackhead.
Birds pile on top of each other as they incubate the eggs.
Birds play a major role in controlling insects.
Birds play a major role in the distribution of the seeds.
Birds play a role in reducing dieback.
Birds play a special role in many fields of biology.
Birds play a very important part in the natural control of insects and in the dispersal of seeds.
Birds play a vital role in the balance of nature.
Birds play an important role in all of Earth's environments.
Birds play critical roles.
Birds play important roles in many ecosystems.
Birds play important roles in the lives of people.
Birds play important roles.
Birds play in flight.
Birds play in habitats.
Birds play roles.
Birds playing under the sun, singing welcome, welcome everyone.
Birds poke holes in the outer skin, and the holes enlarge each year as new bird families nest.
Birds pollinate trees.
Birds possess a four chambered heart.
Birds possess balance.
Birds possess beaks.
Birds possess bodies.
Birds possess bones.
Birds possess eggs.
Birds possess feathers.
Birds possess flight.
Birds possess food.
Birds possess genes.
Birds possess glands.
Birds possess habitats.
Birds possess lungs.
Birds possess nests.
Birds possess organs.
Birds possess reaction.
Birds possess remarkable abilities to navigate.
Birds possess variation.
Birds preen by rubbing the oil into their feathers with their beaks.
Birds preen to clean their feathers and to repair and realign loosened feather barbules.
Birds preen to pick parasites from their skin.
Birds preen to remove parasites and to clean and oil their feathers.
Birds prefer areas.
Birds prefer baths with textured bottoms that provide firm footing.
Birds prefer brushes.
Birds prefer deciduous trees.
Birds prefer environments.
Birds prefer evergreens.
Birds prefer food.
Birds prefer freshly made food.
Birds prefer grassland.
Birds prefer habitats.
Birds prefer informal, unclipped hedges with fruit.
Birds prefer little or no unusual odors present.
Birds prefer little to no unusual odors in their habitats.
Birds prefer nests.
Birds prefer oak woodlands.
Birds prefer open grassland.
Birds prefer open, sunny spots.
Birds prefer playing with toys they can chew up.
Birds prefer seeds.
Birds prefer to be high up and against a wall.
Birds prefer to feed their nestlings moist, soft foods.
Birds prefer to fly out through the top rather than the bottom.
Birds prefer trees.
Birds prefer walls for wild flirting.
Birds prefer wild sources of food, taking only about a quarter of their diets from backyard feeders.
Birds prefer woodlands.
Birds preferring harvested areas include the bobolink, and Eastern and Western meadowlark.
Birds prepare the food before eating by removing hulls from seeds or inedible parts from prey.
Birds present a unique scenario for any mover.
Birds prey on animals.
Birds prey on domestic animals.
Birds prey on large animals.
Birds prey on large game animals.
Birds prey on small animals.
Birds probably don t feel the same way about siblings as people do.
Birds produce large external eggs, the most elaborate reproductive cells of any animal.
Birds produce offspring.
Birds produce sound at the base of the tracheal tube, in the syrinx.
Birds produce sound by ventriloquism.
Birds produce sound.
Birds produce sperm and egg cells just as mammals do, but most male birds lack a copulatory organ.
Birds produce strange sound.
Birds produce vocal sound.
Birds produced by out crossing generally are more robust.
Birds provide a key that can open the secrets of environmental health and degradation.
Birds provide an opportunity for some serious Texas bragging.
Birds provide examples.
Birds provide food.
Birds provide recreational values.
Birds provide several modern examples of how extinction can occur.
Birds provide the perfect air-carrier for some seeds.
Birds provide the thrust and lift from their wings when they flap and soar.
Birds provide values.
Birds puff up their feathers for various reasons.
Birds pull apart the single strands of pieces of rope or string.
Birds pull seeds out.
Birds quickly diminish in number and variety.
Birds quickly learn to avoid decoy spreads positioned in the same location throughout the season.
Birds quickly strip fruit from trees.
Birds raise babies.
Birds raise heads.
Birds raise tails.
Birds raise their young in the same places they find cover.
Birds raise wings.
Birds raised in captivity are host to a reservoir of diseases and are of a poorer genetic strain.
Birds range from budgies to macaws.
Birds range from the little sparrow to the grand bald eagle.
Birds range in age from day old to flight ready.
Birds range in size from thumb-sized hummingbirds to ostriches larger than a big man.
Birds reach adulthood.
Birds reach ages.
Birds reach height.
Birds reach maturity.
Birds reach sexual maturity in three to five years.
Birds reach sexual maturity.
Birds reach through a hole in the top of the basket to feed, but are unable to tip the bowl.
Birds really appreciate having some areas of dense cover and some more open areas.
Birds really emit many different sounds.
Birds really enjoy weed and wildflower seeds.
Birds receive excellent veterinary care, and health is guaranteed.
Birds receive food.
Birds receive nutrition.
Birds receive oxygenated air when they breathe in and when they breathe out.
Birds recognize details and they can tell the difference in colors.
Birds reduce insect attacks.
Birds regulate their body temperature by raising and lowering their feathers.
Birds regurgitate food from an organ called the crop.
Birds regurgitate food.
Birds regurgitate to feed their mate, or to feed their chicks.
Birds relate to dinosaurs.
Birds relate to finches.
Birds relate to fowl.
Birds relate to pheasants.
Birds release eggs.
Birds release the fluke's eggs in their droppings, which are eaten by horn snails.
Birds relish eating the fruit, and seeds passing through their digestive tract are viable.
Birds relish grapes and apples.
Birds rely on sight.
Birds rely on sounds for survival.
Birds rely on vision to choose mates, find food and scan for predators, for example.
Birds rely on vision.
Birds rely on worms.
Birds rely upon their feathers to help adapt to temperature changes.
Birds remain virtually absent from the fossil record.
Birds represent a classic example of paraphyly.
Birds represent dinosaur lineage.
Birds represent lineage.
Birds represent living dinosaurs according to many evolutionists.
Birds reproduce sexually.
Birds require a great deal of time, patience and understanding.
Birds require a place of cover or shelter if they are going to become long term residents.
Birds require air.
Birds require birds.
Birds require food.
Birds require good ventilation without drafts in order to perform properly.
Birds require insects.
Birds require legs.
Birds require lots of supplies.
Birds require medical care the same as any other animals.
Birds require nests.
Birds require oxygen.
Birds require proteins.
Birds require seeds.
Birds require stimulation.
Birds require vegetation.
Birds require visual stimulation and social interaction to be happy, healthy, and talkative.
Birds require water.
Birds require wings.
Birds resemble birds.
Birds residing at lower latitudes, however, tend to be non-migratory.
Birds respond better to live trainers, rather than a tape it can easily tune out.
Birds respond favorably to good treatment.
Birds respond positively to communication from their own kind .
Birds rest on ledges.
Birds resume their chirping.
Birds return at dusk and are active in courtship around dawn.
Birds return springs.
Birds return the scene back to calm.
Birds return to locations.
Birds return to nest sites.
Birds return to nests.
Birds return to places.
Birds return to same locations.
Birds return to same nest sites.
Birds return to sites.
Birds return to territory.
Birds return to their northerly breeding grounds just long enough to breed and raise young.
Birds ride updrafts.
Birds ride warm currents of air to find relief at great heights.
Birds ride wind.
Birds risk exposure at poultry shows, bird swaps, and live-bird sales.
Birds roll die and move again.
Birds roost in trees.
Birds roost on the head of the sculpture.
Birds roost on the top elements of the sculpture.
Birds roost on top of the soldier's hat.
Birds roost there.
Birds roost, and other animals curl up to sleep.
Birds rotate wings.
Birds routinely change their feeding behavior.
Birds routinely preen themselves, using the oil from the preen gland near the tail.
Birds salute the quiet with songs of presence and purpose.
Birds save energy and are able to travel great distances by riding the air currents.
Birds scatter the fig seeds around the branches of another tree.
Birds scatter the seeds and volunteers can be found in pastures and fields all over Iowa.
Birds scratch for insects and tiny pebbles for their crops.
Birds scream for several different reasons.
Birds scream from all directions.
Birds scream Under the burden Of midday.
Birds See key species below.
Birds see only their reflection with the unique two-way mirror.
Birds see the sky and trees reflected in our windows and unwittingly fly toward the mirage.
Birds see their reflections in windows and think intruders are in their territory.
Birds seek eggs.
Birds seek food.
Birds seek mates.
Birds seek shelter.
Birds seek the forest and build there and sing.
Birds seek the fruit as a food source, particularly in the winter season.
Birds seek worms.
Birds seem convinced, though.
Birds seem so delicate, yet they survive cold winters, fly incredible distances.
Birds seem to avoid picking damp or wet feathers.
Birds seem to be the key pests.
Birds seem to do fine without grit.
Birds seem to fly faster in spring migration than in the fall.
Birds seem to follow ships, sharp pointed black and white wings outstretched.
Birds seem to have evolved another cellular defence against ageing.
Birds seem to like it straight or blended, creamy or crunchy.
Birds seem to navigate like sailors once did, using the sun, moon and stars for direction.
Birds seem to really love it.
Birds seem to represent the bridge between the heavens and the earth.
Birds seem to respond to a falling barometer and move into roosting cover early.
Birds seem to sense what's happening, and enjoy moving significantly during that delay.
Birds seem to thrive on a routine that is consistent.
Birds seen on Scillonian pelagics are therefore acceptable.
Birds seize worms.
Birds select fruits with more antioxidants during autumn migration.
Birds select nest sites.
Birds select sites.
Birds serenade an unwelcome visitor to sleep.
Birds serve an important role in maintaining essential ecological balance.
Birds serve as a barometer of our environment.
Birds serve as a reservoir for the virus.
Birds serve as an especially elegant touch-point for a more general concern about the environment.
Birds serve as carriers of the West Nile virus.
Birds serve as hosts.
Birds serve as important natural hosts for the virus in the disease cycle.
Birds serve as the reservoir for West Nile virus, after being bitten by an infected mosquito.
Birds serve to disperse the seeds to new locations.
Birds settle in the leaves.
Birds shake beaks.
Birds shake feathers.
Birds shake tails.
Birds shake wings.
Birds share ancestors.
Birds share ancestry.
Birds share characteristics.
Birds share environments.
Birds share features.
Birds share forests.
Birds share ground.
Birds share habitats.
Birds share locations.
Birds share patches.
Birds share ponds.
Birds share several characteristics.
Birds share trees.
Birds share water.
Birds shed feathers.
Birds shed their feathers and grow a new set at least once a year.
Birds show a variety of stopover and flight strategies.
Birds show an amazing ability to orient themselves and home in on their destination.
Birds show behavior.
Birds show diversity.
Birds show good examples of love toward each other.
Birds show growth.
Birds show quite distinct changes in both external and internal appearance.
Birds show responses.
Birds show that nothing succeeds like success.
Birds show the most apparent intelligence in meeting the problems of getting their food.
Birds show up as frequent and important prey items in several areas.
Birds shriek among the clusters of purple blooms.
Birds signify the dangerous noctural powers of women who act as witches.
Birds similarly have the right ovary atrophied.
Birds simply enjoy eating grapes.
Birds simply spiral down to the ground without much fuss.
Birds sing a melody to claim territory.
Birds sing a new tune in wireless era .
Birds sing after a storm.
Birds sing and eagles soar.
Birds sing and eyelashes bat.
Birds sing and fish swim.
Birds sing and flowers bloom.
Birds sing and small beasts live on bough and on moulded ground their older brothers shunned.
Birds sing and strings swell to metaphorically indicate intercourse.
Birds sing beautiful and diversified songs .
Birds sing due to instinct.
Birds sing far more frequently in the spring while setting up territories.
Birds sing for many reasons, from advertising for a mate to warning off intruders.
Birds sing for many reasons.
Birds sing in fruit trees.
Birds sing in the background, crickets chirp, there is always the faint sound of flowing water.
Birds sing in the eaves and in the trees.
Birds sing in the trees.
Birds sing long, complex songs either to mark territory or as mating rituals.
Birds sing lullabies, squirrels work their nests, locusts wing dancing the late summer call.
Birds sing merrily.
Birds sing most vigorously in spring and males without mates are the most vigorous singers.
Birds sing sweetly, praising the beauty of the day with melodic harmonies.
Birds sing the blues up above.
Birds sing their daily hymns to thee.
Birds sing their songs and everything drips with raindrops.
Birds sing their songs in the fresh air of a mountain meadow.
Birds sing to convey their motivational message.
Birds sing to defend territories and attract mates.
Birds sing to defend their territory.
Birds sing to their owners and the resident has something to care for again.
Birds sing to warn intruders to keep out, and when such diplomacy fails, they fight.
Birds sing, ducks swim, and cattle graze nearby.
Birds sing, fly and scurry about in their never-ending search for food.
Birds sing, our hearts flutter, and the world is suddenly a kinder, gentler place.
Birds sing, People play.
Birds sing, sun shines, vexed ocean sinks to rest.
Birds sing, the thwack thwack of woodpeckers resonate through the woods.
Birds sing, the water rushes over the rocks.
Birds sing, they protect their territory, they attract mates, they hunt for food.
Birds sip nectar from blossoms such as the rare Florida butterfly orchid.
Birds sit at feeders.
Birds sit in bushes.
Birds sit in forests.
Birds sit in grass.
Birds sit in nests.
Birds sit in rivers.
Birds sit in trees.
Birds sit in yards.
Birds sit on branches.
Birds sit on fences.
Birds sit on flowers.
Birds sit on leaves.
Birds sit on legs.
Birds sit on limbs.
Birds sit on nests.
Birds sit on trees.
Birds sit on wire.
Birds Sixteen colorful beaded birds surround the king's crown.
Birds sizzle on their spits.
Birds slip quietly to their nests or favorite roosts.
Birds slowly starve.
Birds soar above jagged peaks.
Birds soar and dive.
Birds soar freely in the cheerful ground.
Birds soar over the tree tops.
Birds soar overhead.
Birds soar,glide, flap their wings quickly, hover,and dive.
Birds softly singing, life is.
Birds spend most of their time foraging for food.
Birds spend most of their time looking for food .
Birds spend the majority of their time standing on their feet so good perches are essential.
Birds spill a lot of seed.
Birds splash on the river as it flows by and mountain peaks rise close behind.
Birds sport flashy plumage, sing melodic songs, perform dramatic mating rituals.
Birds spread barberry seeds by eating berries that grow on the bushes.
Birds spread Canary Island date palm seeds, which float down rivers and streams.
Birds spread feet.
Birds spread seeds when they eat the fruit.
Birds spread the encephalitis virus and mosquitoes spread the disease to humans.
Birds spread the seeds after eating the often abundant fruits.
Birds spread the seeds.
Birds spread wings.
Birds squawk to warn of danger.
Birds stand on feet.
Birds stand on legs.
Birds stand on their toes.
Birds start chirping and conversation becomes surreal.
Birds start chirping in the spring.
Birds start feather picking and other vices during a molt more than at any other time.
Birds start off low but typically gain altitude very rapidly as the day quickly heats up.
Birds start to call as the evil creatures melt in the light of day.
Birds start using calls early in their lives, in some species even before they are hatched.
Birds startle into flight, telling terror in their path.
Birds starve on diets lacking sufficient vitamins - seeds are deficient in many vitamins.
Birds starve on old food.
Birds starve on poor diets.
Birds stay aloft by riding rising air currents.
Birds stay away when there's a predator nearby.
Birds steal food.
Birds still call, and rats run unmolested.
Birds still fly free.
Birds still think spring is near.
Birds stimulate economies just by being beautiful.
Birds stop singing, and a cold breeze blows through the trees.
Birds stop singing, dogs howl and badgers come out of lairs.
Birds store fat for winter, when food is lean.
Birds store food in their crop which is a pouch in their throat.
Birds stressed by low temperatures are much more susceptible to illness.
Birds strut at the same places throughout the season.
Birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Birds suffer from deficiencies.
Birds suffering from the active disease usually recover rapidly.
Birds suffering from trichomonosis often look lethargic and have fluffed-up feathers.
Birds survive accidents.
Birds survive breed seasons.
Birds survive events.
Birds survive extinction events.
Birds survive first years.
Birds survive hunt seasons.
Birds survive migration.
Birds survive nights.
Birds survive on water derived from foods they eat and from eating snow.
Birds survive seasons.
Birds survive years.
Birds swallow beetles.
Birds swallow food.
Birds swallow fragments.
Birds swallow nectar.
Birds swallow worms.
Birds swim it, fleeter than fish.
Birds swim near each other, holding their heads low to the water.
Birds swoop and trill.
Birds swoop down and pick a worm off a cabbage plant.
Birds swooping low over the stream is sure proof of a hatch, mating flight, or spinner fall.
Birds symbolise death in myth, certainly - in Jungian terms.
Birds symbolize fulfillment of wishes, and fertility.
Birds take advantage of the habitat as they migrate along the north shore of Lake Erie.
Birds take breaths.
Birds take energy.
Birds take first flight.
Birds take flight.
Birds take food.
Birds take great care of their eggs.
Birds take journeys.
Birds take long journeys.
Birds take off at sunrise.
Birds take off, fly past, and get sampled by the radar beam.
Birds take off.
Birds take over the soundscape.
Birds take seeds.
Birds take steps.
Birds take their role as insect predator seriously.
Birds take wing.
Birds taking flight from an iceberg are a good sign that the berg is going to roll soon.
Birds telegraph much of what they are thinking by where, when, and how they look at things.
Birds tend to avoid landing upon treated areas but the effectiveness is usually lost over time.
Birds tend to be frequent guides in the East.
Birds tend to be monogamous whereas mammals tend to be polygamous.
Birds tend to be more flighty during the rearing period.
Birds tend to be very active much of the time.
Birds tend to be very inactive, and can be hard to find.
Birds tend to conceal signs of illness until they are so sick that they can no longer compensate.
Birds tend to concentrate during the winter months around a reliable food source.
Birds tend to follow ridges during migration.
Birds tend to have ears that detect the same kinds of sounds as man.
Birds tend to ignore the fruit of a few crabapple varieties.
Birds tend to look at situations after the fact and determine if all went well.
Birds tend to lose more water via evaporation than mammals due to their higher metabolic rates.
Birds tend to make droppings often because they have such a high metabolism and eat often.
Birds tend to mask discomfort or illness, making it difficult to determine their general well being.
Birds tend to pick out what they like to eat first and leave the rest.
Birds tend to pump more blood than mammals too.
Birds tend to seek high protein foods to feed nestlings and fledglings.
Birds tend to shed the organism under conditions of stress.
Birds tend to shorten their tails.
Birds tend to sort themselves out in tall forests.
Birds therefore tend to avoid both species.
Birds thrive in environments.
Birds to adapt to habitats.
Birds to eat food.
Birds to find adequate food.
Birds to find food.
Birds travel less, and such animals as bears and woodchucks sleep both day and night.
Birds travel thousands of kilometers to migrate.
Birds travel thousands of miles to their destinations through all kinds of weather.
Birds travel to and from the neotropics with built-in survival kits.
Birds treated with antibiotics can develop a secondary respiratory infection caused by yeast.
Birds trill their calls near and far.
Birds try to hide their illnesses and their injuries and rarily show pain.
Birds turn heads.
Birds turn into dogs.
Birds tweet louder to make themselves heard over the sound of the waterfalls and the rivers.
Birds typically accept the first moving animal or thing that they see as their parent.
Birds understand it.
Birds undertake journeys.
Birds undertake long journeys.
Birds use a combination of their beaks and feet to excavate burrow nests.
Birds use a variety of equipment when they land.
Birds use air.
Birds use beaks and tongues for eating, e.g., woodpeckers vs. hummingbirds.
Birds use beaks.
Birds use bills.
Birds use both areas as habitats.
Birds use calls.
Birds use cavities to protect their eggs and young from predators.
Birds use claws.
Birds use colors and patterns to communicate with each other.
Birds use counter current exchange to warm the cold blood returning from the feet back up.
Birds use current.
Birds use daylength to time their reproductive cycles.
Birds use dense tangles of shrubbery or trees as places to hide from predators.
Birds use energy to migrate thousands of miles.
Birds use energy.
Birds use eyes.
Birds use feathers.
Birds use feeders in the spring to supplement what food they do find.
Birds use feet.
Birds use fresh water.
Birds use gravel to digest their food and grit is one of the major components of their presents.
Birds use gravity.
Birds use habitats that meet their needs for food, water, shelter and nest sites.
Birds use habitats.
Birds use it for nest building Frost-hardy.
Birds use it for perching, foraging, and nesting.
Birds use keen senses.
Birds use legs.
Birds use limbs.
Birds use many things as they migrate.
Birds use more energy in winter to keep warm.
Birds use muscle power to develop thrust, and except for gliders, aeroplanes use motors.
Birds use muscles.
Birds use powerful legs.
Birds use razor claws.
Birds use rivers.
Birds use senses.
Birds use several visual and nonvisual orientation mechanisms to navigate.
Birds use sharp claws.
Birds use shelter for protection from the elements.
Birds use sight.
Birds use small branches and twigs to build their nests.
Birds use song to help defend territories and sometimes to attract mates.
Birds use sound.
Birds use sticks to build nests.
Birds use strong muscles in their breasts to flap their wings.
Birds use strong muscles.
Birds use sunlight by preening their feathers.
Birds use talons.
Birds use the position of the sun.
Birds use the same laws of physics to fly as any winged craft or creature.
Birds use the snags for perches, nesting and sources of insects for food.
Birds use the stars, sun, moon and even the Earth's magnetic field to navigate .
Birds use their beaks to eat and pick up items, as well as to balance and get around.
Birds use their beaks to rub their feathers with oil secreted by the a. follicles.
Birds use their down to keep warm, too.
Birds use their feathers to protect their bodies.
Birds use their syrinx to make sounds while humans use their larynx.
Birds use their toes to wrap around a wire or tree branch so that they can perch without falling.
Birds use their tongues for a variety of functions also.
Birds use their tongues for a variety of jobs also.
Birds use their wings in repeated quick forward and backward movements to fly in the air.
Birds use thermal air current.
Birds use tongues.
Birds use visual cues and are attracted to bold red-coloured berries.
Birds use vocalizations as a means of communication.
Birds use warm air current.
Birds use water.
Birds use wind.
Birds use wings.
Birds utilising tidal flats often face vast areas of seemingly uniform feeding grounds.
Birds vary even within species and the idea here is to identify each by species.
Birds vary in sensitivity toward temperature and other environmental conditions.
Birds vary with the season and many of the more common species can be seen all year.
Birds view people as part of their flock and therefore act accordingly.
Birds visit backyards.
Birds visit Crater Lake from surrounding areas and use virtually every habitat type in the park.
Birds visit environments.
Birds visit flowers.
Birds visit gardens.
Birds visit habitats.
Birds visit islands.
Birds visit nests.
Birds visit plants.
Birds visit sanctuaries.
Birds visit trees.
Birds visit vegetation.
Birds visit wetland.
Birds visit yards.
Birds wait for prey.
Birds walk on feet.
Birds walk only on their hind legs.
Birds walk, run, hop, swim, perch, cling, fly and even dig.
Birds wander about and attend to their council.
Birds want food.
Birds want water.
Birds waste a lot of body heat trying to keep warm in exposed areas.
Birds watch chickens.
Birds watch insects.
Birds watching is a favorite pastime by the Carson River which flows through the park.
Birds weigh pounds.
Birds whack into towers during spring or fall migration periods.
Birds will have beaks.
Birds wintering in the east prefer wetlands and resevoirs.
Birds working bait schools on the surface can be a dead giveaway to fish feeding from below.
Birds writhe like whips.
Birds zoom overhead gulls with black heads, brown and white pelicans, purple martins.
Birds always remain in the bird family and lizards are always in the lizard family.
Birds frequently eat the flower buds during winter, affecting the blooming the following spring.
Birds frequently roost on the eagle on top of the flagpole.
Birds frequently vocalize to attract a mate.
Birds often are frightened of children because of their sometimes abrupt activity or sudden noise.
Birds often bite the ones they love the most.
Birds often chew on objects and can ingest fatal fragments of lead.
Birds often dig around on the bottom of their cages, sometimes in fecal material.
Birds often fall into open chimneys and become stuck at the bottom.
Birds often feature large, ornate bunches of feathers which they use during mating rituals.
Birds often fly far away from the parent plant and disperse the seeds in their droppings.
Birds often fly great distances to search out seasonal fruits.
Birds often get quite frantic when they are separated from their mates.
Birds often gobble from the roost and then go silent when they hit the ground.
Birds often grow too large for their nests before they are able to fly.
Birds often have a hopping gait and the affected area is swollen and warm to the touch.
Birds often hide illness and weight change is one of the few methods of recognizing a problem.
Birds often hide their illness until they are too sick to hide it anymore.
Birds often ingest the toxic crude oil in an attempt to preen themselves.
Birds often meet the technical criteria, such as sensitivity to environmental changes.
Birds often migrate from wetland to wetland on their migration path, and some even go there to nest.
Birds often nest in the exact same location as the previous year.
Birds often offer stiff competition for the fruit.
Birds often overeat or chew on food dishes out of boredom.
Birds often panic when let loose so there are a few precautions to take.
Birds often rely upon worms as a primary source of food.
Birds often resort to dust baths in their attempt to combat the lice.
Birds often show stained wings where they repeatedly wipe their eyes.
Birds often take refuge in dense thickets of plants, such as brambles, hollies, and viburnums.
Birds often take two or three weeks to die after their lead meal.
Birds often travel quite a distance before finding the materials needed to build their nests.
Birds often utter a soft chuck call when alone.
Birds often visit many feeding stations in a neighborhood.
Birds often wipe the seeds off their beaks onto other branches, helping to spread the plants.
Birds sometimes breed in their second year, before they attain adult plumage.
Birds sometimes build nests on climbing routes.
Birds sometimes feed on the larvae and pupae but seem to prefer other insects.
Birds sometimes fight by flying toward each other and locking bills in the air.
Birds sometimes fly into the house or into windows.
Birds sometimes get inside the house.
Birds sometimes get into compulsive preening behavior.
Birds sometimes swallow tiny stones.
Birds usually are caught by goshawks on the ground, but some are taken in flight as well.
Birds usually are started on three or four rangle stones and are worked up to more.
Birds usually die from a secondary infection.
Birds usually feed in four types of areas - ground, tabletop, hanging and tree trunk.
Birds usually fly to water in early evening and morning.
Birds usually get sick from psittacosis.
Birds usually have a bath pan so they can bathe as much as they want when they want.
Birds usually molt in a particular pattern, so that in the wild they are always able to fly.
Birds usually scream at dawn and dusk.
Birds usually wait to migrate until the passage of weather fronts.
All bird feeds and animal mixtures.
All birds also have a beak with which they handle and eat food.
All birds appreciate a selection of seeds in their diet.
All birds are adults unless otherwise indicated.
All birds are animals.
All birds are at risk at night, regardless of the time of year.
All birds are beautiful and captivating creatures.
All birds are close-banded, health guaranteed.
All birds are edible with no exceptions.
All birds are edible.
All birds are flight conditioned and available year-round.
All birds are in perfect condition.
All birds are in the kingdom Animalia.
All birds are in the phylum Chordata.
All birds are in the same kingdom, phylum, and class.
All birds are in their own large flight cages, built with their comfort in mind.
All birds are messengers to the gods.
All birds are of the same color.
All birds are oviparous.
All birds are susceptible to avian tuberculosis.
All birds are the descendants of theropods.
All birds are the same in some ways.
All birds are to have a flesh colored beak.
All birds are vet checked and come with health guarantees.
All birds are warm blooded vertebrate animals that have wings, feathers.
All birds are warm blooded.
All birds are warm-blooded and have beaks and feathers.
All birds are waterproof because of the way their feathers are constructed and overlap.
All birds are.
All birds bathe, from the smallest finches to the largest macaws.
All birds belong to a class of warm-blooded animals with feathers.
All birds belong to the 'aves' class of the phylum-chordata.
All birds belong to the group of animals called vertebrates, meaning animals having a backbone.
All birds can be parent reared or imprinted and hacking is also available.
All birds can fly.
All birds can learn to enjoy pellets, some take more time and effort than others to convert.
All birds close rung with care guide and hatch certificate.
All birds come with a certificate stating important info about the bird.
All birds communicate with a combination of body language and calls.
All birds depicted are wild and unrestrained in a habitat of their own choosing.
All birds drop feathers.
All birds eat insects, spiders and caterpillars.
All birds eat seeds.
All birds feature one replica.
All birds fit that definition, so they are dinosaurs.
All birds fly and lay eggs.
All birds generally fly faster when migrating, and of course, when fleeing predators.
All birds get peepers.
All birds grow feathers.
All birds hatch from eggs.
All birds hatch out, if they are properly incubated.
All birds have a cloaca, which is a slit which contains genitals and the end s of excretory tubes.
All birds have a keeled sternum for attachment of wing muscles.
All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill , above their eyes .
All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill, above their eyes.
All birds have a pecking order.
All birds have a structure on the retina call the fovea that serves to magnify objects.
All birds have a threshold of what they can handle before they lash out with a bite.
All birds have an enlarged nasal gland at the base of the bill, above their eyes.
All birds have beaks, wings and feathers.
All birds have certain typical behavioural characteristics.
All birds have cries which are the sounds to communicate.
All birds have 'cries' which are the sounds to communicate.
All birds have feathers and birds are the only animals that do.
All birds have feathers and can swim.
All birds have feathers and live in a hurry.
All birds have feathers that serve a variety of functions.
All birds have feathers, and no other creatures do. . .
All birds have feathers.
All birds have keen vision.
All birds have no tail an are compleet rumpless.
All birds have scientific names - the same name used everywhere in the world.
All birds have the potential to bite.
All birds have two legs with four toes each.
All birds have what is called a preening gland.
All birds have wings - even ostriches and other flightless birds.
All birds have wings and all birds fly.
All birds have wings.
All birds having specula that are more than half gray or dull non-iridescent green are females.
All birds lay eggs and most can fly.
All birds lay eggs that are then incubated to let the young ones hatch out.
All birds lay eggs, and the range of different nesting sites and parenting skills is explored.
All birds lay eggs, none give birth to live young.
All birds lay eggs.
All birds lay hard-shelled eggs.
All birds leave soon after sun-up.
All birds make sounds to communicate.
All birds mature.
All birds migrate based on hormonal changes brought on by changing daylight hours.
All birds molt at least once each year, and some two or three times.
All birds molt every year and replace their old feathers with new ones.
All birds molt regularly, gradually replacing their old worn-out feathers with new ones.
All birds move except incubating males.
All birds preen their feathers.
All birds replace their feathers periodically, a process that's usually gradual.
All birds replace their feathers periodically.
All birds reproduce by laying eggs.
All birds require social contact.
All birds resemble one another anatomically, differing only in minor details.
All birds see colors, but especially prefer red and other bright colors.
All birds seek higher ground.
All birds sneeze on occasion.
All birds walk using hindlimbs.
Any bird can have albinism - partial or full.
Any bird is worth watching, and spring is a great time to look.
Every bird behaves differently.
Every bird deserves a quality life.
Every bird has feathers and everything that has feathers is a bird .
Every bird hatches from an egg.
Every bird is an individual.
Every bird is carved and painted by hand, using shavehorse, spokeshave, and drawknife.
Every bird is different.
Every bird is illustrated and cross referenced with their modern and old name.
Every bird is individual.
Every bird needs quiet time when they are undisturbed.
Many birds often die, particularly young birds.
Many birds adore chili peppers.
Many birds also enjoy laying on their backs while being petted under the wings and on the neck.
Many birds also have claws on their wings.
Many birds also live in the area and they depend upon the fish that live in the water.
Many birds also travel south.
Many birds appear active and healthy even after being on an all-seed diet for years.
Many birds appreciate suet in the wintertime, in addition to seed.
Many birds are able to stay in Saskatchewan all year.
Many birds are active during the day.
Many birds are also very sloppy when they bathe and splash drops of water outside the cage.
Many birds are animals which can fly.
Many birds are brown, green or grey.
Many birds are charming or impressive because of their plumage, their size or their flight patterns.
Many birds are either seed eaters or nectar eaters.
Many birds are essentially monogamous and mate for life.
Many birds are free-flying. .
Many birds are frightened of spray bottles.
Many birds are hardy enough to remain here all year.
Many birds are insectivores.
Many birds are now busy with their domestic problems in the sub-alpine parks.
Many birds are penguin predators.
Many birds are primarily seed eaters.
Many birds are quiet during times of energy demand, e.g. moulting.
Many birds are resident while others make short-distance migratory journeys.
Many birds are restricted to vocal sounds rather than songs or calls.
Many birds are sociable and exhibit a remarkable range of adaptive behaviors.
Many birds are sociable, especially when caged alone.
Many birds are social and live in large groups.
Many birds are tame and bred locally as pets while others are wild caught and shipped to Canada.
Many birds are territorial, especially in the nesting season.
Many birds are to be seen, puffins nest here as well as manx shearwater.
Many birds are very sensitive to the toxic effects of insecticides.
Many birds are VERY soft to the touch .
Many birds are very territorial, especially during nesting season.
Many birds are visitors, passing through on their migrations.
Many birds are year-round residents of Middle Tennessee.
Many birds avoid the inclement weather altogether by flying south to milder, always summer climes.
Many birds avoid very soft snags for nesting because extremely soft wood can be wet or crumbly.
Many birds become more sociable to improve their chances of survival during cold weather.
Many birds begin to build nests.
Many birds belong to the large family of birds known as plovers.
Many birds breed in the taiga in the spring and summer.
Many birds build nests in cactus stems.
Many birds can also get that far just flying.
Many birds can detect polarised light.
Many birds can identify mates or other group members by voice alone.
Many birds can sense oncoming storms and modify foraging behavior accordingly.
Many birds can spend most of their time on a play pen or parrot perch.
Many birds can survive in a variety of environments.
Many birds choose pylons as a place for resting.
Many birds choose to build nests and raise their young.
Many birds come on a daily basis and some arrive at the same time each day.
Many birds come to the spot during the fall and winter.
Many birds communicate by sexual display before their mates.
Many birds consume the sweet pulp.
Many birds depend on insects as their main diet.
Many birds depend on insects in and around our backyards.
Many birds depend upon insects.
Many birds depend upon rushes and grasses for their nesting materials and for cover.
Many birds die at a young age from malnutrition or diseases related to malnutrition.
Many birds eat butterflies and moths.
Many birds eat carrion.
Many birds eat crane flies .
Many birds eat crane flies.
Many birds eat holly berries.
Many birds eat insects so avoid using pesticides around the garden.
Many birds eat insects, focusing on what is most abundant at any particular time.
Many birds eat insects.
Many birds eat more than one thing.
Many birds eat primarily fruits and berries .
Many birds enjoy assorted fruits, as well.
Many birds enjoy perching on it before their drink or bath.
Many birds expect to be fed at a certain time every day.
Many birds face significant declines across the country.
Many birds feed heavily during nesting periods.
Many birds feed on berries and distribute the seeds.
Many birds feed on garden spiders, as do some parasitic wasps and ants.
Many birds feed on insects hiding in tangled poison ivy vines.
Many birds feed on insects hiding in the tangled vines.
Many birds feed on the fruits.
Many birds feed on the rich flower buds of trees.
Many birds find dripping or running water to be irresistable.
Many birds find the seeds of perennials particularly tasty.
Many birds find the suet when they use the branch as a perch on their way to the other feeders.
Many birds fly in flocks.
Many birds fly over, and they are around.
Many birds fly south during winter.
Many birds fly south in the winter.
Many birds fly south.
Many birds fly to different places at certain times of year.
Many birds fly up and down the river.
Many birds follow a temperature gradient as they return to nest in the spring.
Many birds follow mountain ranges, sea coasts, and rivers during migration.
Many birds follow the Texas Coast in spring. . .
Many birds form strong attachments to people and make excellent companions.
Many birds get salt picking at leaves.
Many birds go for berries in a big way.
Many birds go off course and perhaps never reach our shores.
Many birds hatch their eggs asynchronously while other species are more synchronous.
Many birds have a colored head, throat, breast, or rump.
Many birds have a homing instinct.
Many birds have a stigma on all large follicles.
Many birds have a winter plumage and a breeding plumage.
Many birds have almost no feathers on their backs.
Many birds have an eye on each side of their head.
Many birds have an oil gland at the base of the tail.
Many birds have barbs that are combined together with tiny hooks known as barbules.
Many birds have bright, ornamental plumage.
Many birds have courtship rituals.
Many birds have distinctive stripes or colored patches on the head.
Many birds have great curiosity as well as caution.
Many birds have hollow bones to reduce their weight.
Many birds have mild to severe splenomegaly.
Many birds have strong beaks designed to crack open hard seeds.
Many birds have their breeding season during that period.
Many birds have to be stabilized prior to blood sampling.
Many birds have wild rice in their diets.
Many birds imitate the songs of other species.
Many birds inhabit the wetland areas.
Many birds join in duets and choruses, comparable to group singing by humans.
Many birds lay eggs which exhibit very great variations.
Many birds learn their song by listening to the notes of other birds.
Many birds learn their songs by imitating adults, creating local song traditions.
Many birds leave the northern latitudes for our mild winters.
Many birds like to be stroked around the head and neck.
Many birds like to eat a bit higher than ground level.
Many birds like to eat worms.
Many birds like to look for food on the ground under the protection of dense, twiggy shrubs.
Many birds like to make their nests in birdhouses or nest boxes.
Many birds limit the number of eggs.
Many birds live here year round.
Many birds live in or migrate through the area including robins, warblers, swallows and sparrows.
Many birds live in the area.
Many birds live in the canopy of rainforests.
Many birds live in the upper canopy, like toucans, hummingbirds and parrots.
Many birds live in towns and cities.
Many birds live in trees and bushes .
Many birds live on insects or on fish.
Many birds live on seeds that they gather from plants or on the ground.
Many birds live to be much older.
Many birds lose the ability to fly on islands without carnivorous cats or bears.
Many birds love cheeses and yogurt.
Many birds love the ball even if they never learn to toss.
Many birds love to preen in the sun and groom their plumage after a bath.
Many birds love to snuggle in a warm fuzzy bird bed.
Many birds love water and when out of their cage love to take baths.
Many birds love yogurt.
Many birds make long journeys twice each year as they migrate between their winter and summer homes.
Many birds make persimmon fruit a part of their diet.
Many birds make the park a yearlong home, attracting many birdwatchers to our neck of the woods.
Many birds make their home here as well.
Many birds make their home in South Florida.
Many birds migrate , such as geese and storks .
Many birds migrate from a cold area to a warm area each year.
Many birds migrate in the early winter.
Many birds migrate north or south.
Many birds migrate southwards in winter, reaching as far as Central America and the West Indies.
Many birds migrate thousands of miles, twice a year.
Many birds migrate to south for the winter.
Many birds migrate up and down the Mississippi Valley, and along the Atlantic coastal plain.
Many birds migrate, such as geese and storks.
Many birds moult once every year .
Many birds moult once every year.
Many birds nest at the south end of the lake.
Many birds nest close to human habitations and some have been specially encouraged.
Many birds nest here and others just stop in during their yearly migration.
Many birds nest here with bats, frogs and wild plants.
Many birds nest in the woods including woodpeckers and starlings.
Many birds nest off cliffs because cliffs are high up and difficult for predators to reach.
Many birds nest right on the ground.
Many birds perform elaborate courtship dances.
Many birds perish during migration and the winter season .
Many birds perish during migration and the winter season.
Many birds possess a muscular pouch along the esophagus called a crop .
Many birds possess an additional organ anterior to the stomach known as the crop.
Many birds prefer cleared areas over closed forests for nesting and feeding.
Many birds prefer feeding on or near the ground.
Many birds receive vitamin and mineral supplements as well.
Many birds relish the larger, harder seeds such as oil and striped sunflower seeds .
Many birds rely on deep forests to escape predators and competitors.
Many birds rely on the tide uncovering the mud flats so that they can feed.
Many birds remain year-round in several parts of the country.
Many birds remove their waste in such a way as to prevent bacterial growth and disease.
Many birds require native blossoms daily, as well as other special foods.
Many birds respond favorably to limited grazing, including killdeers and meadowlarks.
Many birds scream because they're bored or anxious.
Many birds search the flowers and foliage of trees and eat the insects they find.
Many birds seem to prefer the higher-pitched voice of women and children.
Many birds seen further inland are possible aviary escapes.
Many birds show remarkable, specialized hearing abilities.
Many birds sing in the evening.
Many birds sing or chirp as they move around.
Many birds sound alike.
Many birds spend the winter in Africa.
Many birds spend their entire lives in their natal flocks.
Many birds spend their winters in our area after having migrated from nesting areas in the north.
Many birds start to incubate before all eggs in their clutch have been laid.
Many birds stop at pastures near Lake Earl in Crescent City.
Many birds stop at the lagoon in the fall during their migration south for the winter.
Many birds stop to eat on the mud flats while on their way south.
Many birds store food.
Many birds summer on the tundra, including Canada geese.
Many birds take advantage of Earth's magnetic field to navigate the globe.
Many birds take flight for a last time.
Many birds take turns sitting on the eggs, so that each adult can feed.
Many birds travel thousands of miles, some on a journey they have never been on before.
Many birds use a combination of calls and songs in addition to displays to attract potential mates.
Many birds use different habitat types throughout the year.
Many birds use estuarine habitats as shelter areas during nesting season.
Many birds use old woodpecker holes or natural cavities exclusively.
Many birds use plant parts like twigs and sticks to build nests.
Many birds use stars at night.
Many birds use the moon, sun, and stars to find their way.
Many birds use the shoreline as a migratory path.
Many birds use the swamp only to roost at night.
Many birds use the swamp to roost as well as feed.
Many birds use wetlands as resting grounds during migration.
Many birds use wings to fly from place to place.
Many birds vary in their abundance from year to year, sometimes to a considerable degree.
Many birds visit it year round for insects.
More birds are available upon request.
More birds are facultatively siblicidal than obligatory siblicidal.
More birds are socially monogamous than any other group.
More birds arrive, and the air rings with shrill cries.
More birds bring out more hunters to harvest more birds.
More birds die of overheating during shipment than of any other cause.
Most birds usually leave and return along the same route each day.
Most bird pollinated flowers are red and have a lot of nectar.
Most birds abandon their young at birth.
Most birds adapt to areas.
Most birds adapt to arid habitats.
Most birds adapt to environments.
Most birds adapt to habitats.
Most birds adapt to life.
Most birds adapt very well to human contact and activity, pets, etc.
Most birds also have the ability to fly.
Most birds also prefer the color of natural wood.
Most birds appear in skies.
Most birds are able to fly.
Most birds are attracted to a natural looking nest box.
Most birds are beings which are capable of flight.
Most birds are capable of flight.
Most birds are carnivorous meaning that they eat flesh, at least some of the time.
Most birds are chickens.
Most birds are classified as monogamous organisms.
Most birds are dimorphic, with feathers of one color for males and another color for females.
Most birds are diurnal.
Most birds are dumb and mean.
Most birds are inside bushes.
Most birds are inside nests.
Most birds are juventiles, born just months ago.
Most birds are located in forests.
Most birds are located in habitats.
Most birds are located in hills.
Most birds are located in nests.
Most birds are located in regions.
Most birds are located in trees.
Most birds are located in wetland.
Most birds are located in woodlands.
Most birds are migrants which come to nest or to stop over on their way farther north or south.
Most birds are migratory.
Most birds are monogamous, having only one mate per breeding season.
Most birds are monogamous.
Most birds are night blind, and have little hope of escaping an attack by a cat at night.
Most birds are omnivores.
Most birds are quite messy.
Most birds are ready to leave the nest before they can fly or take care of themselves.
Most birds are resistant to the encephalopathy that occurs in some infected horses and humans.
Most birds are small objects, some are quite tiny.
Most birds are territorial and protect the area around their nest.
Most birds are territorial and protect the area around their nests.
Most birds are thought to return near where they hatched to breed.
Most birds arrange the bases of feathers in tracts with spaces in between.
Most birds arrive at locations.
Most birds arrive at sites.
Most birds avoid exposure.
Most birds avoid poison.
Most birds avoid predators.
Most birds become victims.
Most birds belong to families.
Most birds belong to grades.
Most birds breed during the day.
Most birds breeding in North American forests during the summer are neotropical migrants.
Most birds breeding in North American forests during the summer are Neotropical migrants.
Most birds bring food.
Most birds bring their own nest material.
Most birds build nests out of twigs and grass or mud.
Most birds build nests woven of grasses, small twigs, and other materials.
Most birds can dissipate about half of their resting heat production by panting.
Most birds can fly , some swim , and some do both.
Most birds can fly and a penguin is a bird.
Most birds can fly.
Most birds can obtain water directly by drinking.
Most birds can only sing the songs of their species, but there are exceptions.
Most birds can perceive sweet, sour, and bitter tastes.
Most birds can recover in a short amount of time.
Most birds care for chicks.
Most birds carry bacteria.
Most birds carry food.
Most birds carry genes.
Most birds carry parasites.
Most birds carry seeds.
Most birds carry worm eggs in their defecations.
Most birds catch fish.
Most birds catch food.
Most birds change aspects.
Most birds change positions.
Most birds chew anything they can get their beaks on.
Most birds choose mates.
Most birds collect fruit.
Most birds come from environments.
Most birds come from habitats.
Most birds come from shelter habitats.
Most birds come into contact.
Most birds come to bird feeders.
Most birds come to feeders.
Most birds conserve energy.
Most birds consume berries.
Most birds consume diets.
Most birds consume dragonflies.
Most birds consume food.
Most birds consume high quality food.
Most birds consume insects.
Most birds consume proteins.
Most birds consume substances.
Most birds consume water.
Most birds cross boundaries.
Most birds delay starting incubation until the clutch is complete.
Most birds depend on ecosystems.
Most birds depend on environments.
Most birds depend on flyways.
Most birds depend on food.
Most birds depend on habitats.
Most birds depend on nests.
Most birds depend on sources.
Most birds depend on trees.
Most birds depend on vegetation.
Most birds depend on water sources.
Most birds depend on water.
Most birds descend from ancestors.
Most birds descend from reptiles.
Most birds develop lungs.
Most birds digest food.
Most birds dip their bills and then tip their heads back and swallow.
Most birds do the same thing, by tucking their feet and legs beneath their tummy feathers.
Most birds dont have teeth.
Most birds drink by dipping their bill in water and throwing their head back to swallow.
Most birds drink fresh water.
Most birds drink liquids.
Most birds drink salt water.
Most birds drink sea water.
Most birds drink water.
Most birds eat a variety of things including fruits, vegetables, pasta, breads.
Most birds eat acorns.
Most birds eat animal food.
Most birds eat ants.
Most birds eat aquatic insects.
Most birds eat attractive berries.
Most birds eat attractive red berries.
Most birds eat bait.
Most birds eat balance diets.
Most birds eat baobab fruit.
Most birds eat beetles.
Most birds eat berries.
Most birds eat bird seeds.
Most birds eat blackberries.
Most birds eat bread.
Most birds eat bugs.
Most birds eat certain food.
Most birds eat commercial bird seeds.
Most birds eat commercial seeds.
Most birds eat crops.
Most birds eat diets.
Most birds eat dry food.
Most birds eat earthworms.
Most birds eat ferment fruit.
Most birds eat food.
Most birds eat fresh food.
Most birds eat fruit seeds.
Most birds eat fruit.
Most birds eat grain.
Most birds eat grasshoppers.
Most birds eat harmful insects.
Most birds eat insects.
Most birds eat larvae.
Most birds eat leaves.
Most birds eat liquid food.
Most birds eat locusts.
Most birds eat mealworms.
Most birds eat mice.
Most birds eat moths.
Most birds eat nectar.
Most birds eat organisms.
Most birds eat prey.
Most birds eat privet fruit.
Most birds eat red berries.
Most birds eat red fruit.
Most birds eat relatively large quantities of food in proportion to their body weight.
Most birds eat seeds.
Most birds eat small seeds.
Most birds eat spiders.
Most birds eat worms.
Most birds emerge from eggs.
Most birds encountered in spring are in breeding plumage.
Most birds enjoy daily bathing.
Most birds enjoy diets.
Most birds enjoy fresh seeds.
Most birds enjoy meals.
Most birds enjoy oil seeds.
Most birds enjoy seeds.
Most birds enrich the land by their presence.
Most birds enter forests.
Most birds enter habitats.
Most birds enter nests.
Most birds enter territory.
Most birds enter trees.
Most birds enter water.
Most birds establish breed territory.
Most birds establish own territory.
Most birds establish pair bonds in late fall when flocks form.
Most birds establish pair bonds in the late fall when winter flocks form.
Most birds establish territory.
Most birds evolve from theropods.
Most birds exhibit behavior.
Most birds exhibit breed behavior.
Most birds exhibit courtship behavior.
Most birds extend legs.
Most birds extend necks.
Most birds feed babies.
Most birds feed chicks.
Most birds feed diets.
Most birds feed in fields.
Most birds feed in forests.
Most birds feed in habitats.
Most birds feed in nests.
Most birds feed in ponds.
Most birds feed in regions.
Most birds feed in trees.
Most birds feed in water.
Most birds feed meat diets.
Most birds feed on berries.
Most birds feed on blossoms.
Most birds feed on caterpillars.
Most birds feed on diets.
Most birds feed on fish.
Most birds feed on fly insects.
Most birds feed on food.
Most birds feed on fruit berries.
Most birds feed on grain.
Most birds feed on insects.
Most birds feed on nectar.
Most birds feed on plants.
Most birds feed on protein diets.
Most birds feed on seeds.
Most birds feed on shoots.
Most birds feed on slugs.
Most birds feed on small fish.
Most birds feed on worms.
Most birds feed seeds.
Most birds feel vibration.
Most birds feel wind.
Most birds feel wings.
Most birds find animal food.
Most birds find food.
Most birds find habitats.
Most birds find mates.
Most birds find partners.
Most birds find places.
Most birds find sanctuaries.
Most birds fly over cities.
Most birds fly over countries.
Most birds fly over ecosystems.
Most birds fly over gardens.
Most birds fly over grass.
Most birds fly over ground.
Most birds fly over habitats.
Most birds fly over heads.
Most birds fly over hills.
Most birds fly over houses.
Most birds fly over marsh.
Most birds fly over nests.
Most birds fly over oceans.
Most birds fly over ponds.
Most birds fly over sanctuaries.
Most birds fly over ships.
Most birds fly over trees.
Most birds fly over valleys.
Most birds fly over vegetation.
Most birds fly over water.
Most birds fly over wetland.
Most birds fly within a few hundred feet off the ground.
Most birds fly.
Most birds fold wings.
Most birds form pairs.
Most birds gain weight.
Most birds get areas.
Most birds get food.
Most birds get fresh food.
Most birds get meals.
Most birds get nutrients.
Most birds get plumages.
Most birds get prey.
Most birds get sharp teeth.
Most birds get teeth.
Most birds get water.
Most birds get weight.
Most birds get worms.
Most birds give birth to chicks.
Most birds give birth to offspring.
Most birds give birth to vertebrates.
Most birds go through a molting stage once a year when they lose all of their feathers.
Most birds go through distinct stages.
Most birds go through several stages.
Most birds go through stages.
Most birds grab prey.
Most birds grow cells.
Most birds habitually fly at speeds much less than their maximum.
Most birds has-part bones.
Most birds has-part brains.
Most birds has-part cerebrums.
Most birds has-part claws.
Most birds has-part extremities.
Most birds has-part feet.
Most birds has-part gizzards.
Most birds has-part hearts.
Most birds has-part legs.
Most birds has-part lungs.
Most birds has-part muscles.
Most birds has-part skeletons.
Most birds has-part skin.
Most birds has-part tails.
Most birds has-part throats.
Most birds has-part tracheae.
Most birds has-part veins.
Most birds has-part vertebrae.
Most birds has-part wings.
Most birds have a beak that is stiff and hard the whole length.
Most birds have a limited intake of fresh water.
Most birds have a poor sense of smell, just like humans, yet get along just fine.
Most birds have a relatively poor sense of smell, about the same as humans.
Most birds have a terrible since of smell.
Most birds have ability.
Most birds have active enzymes.
Most birds have adequate water.
Most birds have adult plumages.
Most birds have air sacs.
Most birds have amaze eyesights.
Most birds have an arrangement of three toes forward and one backwards.
Most birds have an oil gland at the base of their tails.
Most birds have an oil gland on their rump at base of the tail.
Most birds have ancestors.
Most birds have appearances.
Most birds have areas.
Most birds have arteries.
Most birds have backbones.
Most birds have backs.
Most birds have beaks.
Most birds have beautiful feathers.
Most birds have behavior.
Most birds have bilateral symmetry.
Most birds have bills.
Most birds have black beaks.
Most birds have black plumages.
Most birds have blood feathers.
Most birds have blood.
Most birds have blue plumages.
Most birds have bluish wings.
Most birds have body temperature.
Most Birds have bones that are structurally very light.
Most birds have bones.
Most birds have brains.
Most birds have breasts.
Most birds have bright beaks.
Most birds have bright color.
Most birds have bright eyes.
Most birds have bright feathers.
Most birds have bright orange feathers.
Most birds have bright red eyes.
Most birds have bright yellow beaks.
Most birds have brown eyes.
Most birds have brown feathers.
Most birds have brown hues.
Most birds have brownish eyes.
Most birds have brownish heads.
Most birds have calls.
Most birds have capacity.
Most birds have chambers.
Most birds have chances.
Most birds have chest muscles.
Most birds have chins.
Most birds have choices.
Most birds have claws.
Most birds have color.
Most birds have coloration.
Most birds have colorful feathers.
Most birds have common ancestors.
Most birds have compounds.
Most birds have coronary arteries.
Most birds have courtship behavior.
Most birds have crests.
Most birds have curves.
Most birds have dark beaks.
Most birds have dark brown feathers.
Most birds have dark color.
Most birds have dark eyes.
Most birds have dark feathers.
Most birds have dark plumages.
Most birds have dark red color.
Most birds have dark undersides.
Most birds have defense mechanisms.
Most birds have delicate bones.
Most birds have diets.
Most birds have different coloration.
Most birds have different types.
Most birds have difficulty.
Most birds have distinctive ability.
Most birds have distinctive appearances.
Most birds have distinctive crests.
Most birds have distinctive features.
Most birds have eight air sacs.
Most birds have energy.
Most birds have enlarge glands.
Most birds have enzymes.
Most birds have experience.
Most birds have exposure.
Most birds have external sex organs.
Most birds have eyelids.
Most birds have eyes on their sides of their head.
Most birds have eyes.
Most birds have eyesights.
Most birds have feathers.
Most birds have features.
Most birds have feet.
Most birds have fertilization.
Most birds have few feathers.
Most birds have flat sterna.
Most birds have flesh.
Most birds have flexibility.
Most birds have flight.
Most birds have foliage.
Most birds have food.
Most birds have four toes on their feet.
Most birds have four toes, three that face forward and one rearward.
Most birds have four toes.
Most birds have fresh water.
Most birds have fun getting wet and consider it a wonderful game.
Most birds have functions.
Most birds have gizzards.
Most birds have glands.
Most birds have glossy black plumages.
Most birds have glossy green heads.
Most birds have glossy plumages.
Most birds have good diets.
Most birds have good eyesights.
Most birds have gray areas.
Most birds have gray feathers.
Most birds have great potential.
Most birds have green feathers.
Most birds have green plumages.
Most birds have growth curves.
Most birds have guts.
Most birds have habits.
Most birds have hatchlings.
Most birds have heads.
Most birds have hearts.
Most birds have hollow bones for low weight.
Most birds have hollow bones so they weigh less and make flight possible.
Most birds have hollow bones to make their bodies light enough to become air-borne.
Most birds have hollow bones to reduce weight to make flying easier.
Most birds have hollow bones.
Most birds have homes.
Most birds have hues.
Most birds have impact.
Most birds have inner chambers.
Most birds have instinct.
Most birds have internal fertilization but external development.
Most birds have internal fertilization.
Most birds have intestines.
Most birds have joints.
Most birds have keen eyesight and are considered day birds, as they are active during the daytime.
Most birds have keener eyesight than humans do.
Most birds have kinds.
Most birds have kinetic skulls.
Most birds have large beaks.
Most birds have large breast muscles.
Most birds have large hook beaks.
Most birds have large muscles.
Most birds have large prey.
Most birds have large ranges.
Most birds have large yellow bills.
Most birds have legs long enough to reach the tray below the grate.
Most birds have legs.
Most birds have life.
Most birds have lifetime exposure.
Most birds have light brown eyes.
Most birds have limbs.
Most birds have linear structures.
Most birds have little or no sense of smell.
Most birds have long legs.
Most birds have long necks.
Most birds have long tongues.
Most birds have low reproductive output.
Most birds have lung capacity.
Most birds have lungs.
Most birds have maximum amounts of that variety that can be ordered.
Most birds have mechanisms.
Most birds have memory.
Most birds have metabolism.
Most birds have mouths.
Most birds have muscles.
Most birds have muscular tongues.
Most birds have nasal glands.
Most birds have natural predators.
Most birds have necks.
Most birds have nest sites.
Most birds have night vision.
Most birds have nine air sacs.
Most birds have no sense of smell at all.
Most birds have offspring.
Most birds have only four toes.
Most birds have only one ovary and one oviduct.
Most birds have only one.
Most birds have orange feathers.
Most birds have organs.
Most birds have output.
Most birds have overall appearances.
Most birds have phenotypes.
Most birds have pink plumages.
Most birds have places.
Most birds have plumages.
Most birds have plumes.
Most birds have poor night vision.
Most birds have poor vision.
Most birds have potential.
Most birds have powerful beaks.
Most birds have predators.
Most birds have presence.
Most birds have prey.
Most birds have problems.
Most birds have ranges.
Most birds have ravenous appetite.
Most birds have receptors.
Most birds have red color.
Most birds have red eyes.
Most birds have red tails.
Most birds have reproductive output.
Most birds have reproductive success.
Most birds have round tails.
Most birds have sacs.
Most birds have salt glands.
Most birds have same problems.
Most birds have senses.
Most birds have sex organs.
Most birds have sharp beaks.
Most birds have sharp eyes.
Most birds have sharp hook beaks.
Most birds have shelter areas.
Most birds have short beaks.
Most birds have shrill calls.
Most birds have sides.
Most birds have single fovea.
Most birds have sites.
Most birds have skeletal structures.
Most birds have skeletons.
Most birds have skin.
Most birds have skulls.
Most birds have slender bills.
Most birds have social life.
Most birds have solid bones.
Most birds have songs.
Most birds have sound.
Most birds have spectacular plumes.
Most birds have splendid feathers.
Most birds have sterna.
Most birds have strategies.
Most birds have strong breast muscles.
Most birds have strong claws.
Most birds have strong muscles.
Most birds have structures.
Most birds have stun plumages.
Most birds have success.
Most birds have surface areas.
Most birds have sweat glands.
Most birds have swell throats.
Most birds have symmetry.
Most birds have tails.
Most birds have temperature.
Most birds have tendencies.
Most birds have tendons.
Most birds have thick necks.
Most birds have thin tendons.
Most birds have third eyelids.
Most birds have three toes that face forward and one that faces the other way.
Most birds have throats.
Most birds have tongues.
Most birds have toothless beaks.
Most birds have trouble.
Most birds have tunes.
Most birds have two ranges of flying speeds.
Most birds have types.
Most birds have undersides.
Most birds have values.
Most birds have various functions.
Most birds have very little sense of smell and only care how their babies look and sound.
Most birds have vision.
Most birds have voices.
Most birds have water.
Most birds have watery eyes.
Most birds have weight.
Most birds have white plumages.
Most birds have wide ranges.
Most birds have wings.
Most birds have yellow beaks.
Most birds have yellow or whitish lores and eyebrows, a pale crown stripe and a dark whisker stripe.
Most birds have yellow skin.
Most birds hear prey.
Most birds help ecosystems.
Most birds help rainforests.
Most birds hide in trees.
Most birds inhabit urban areas.
Most birds kill insects.
Most birds kill prey.
Most birds lack teeth and have a reduced tail.
Most birds lack teeth.
Most birds lay about every second or third day.
Most birds lay eggs.
Most birds learn characteristics.
Most birds learn skills.
Most birds lift backs.
Most birds lift eyes.
Most birds lift feet.
Most birds lift wings.
Most birds like to feed by themselves.
Most birds like to hop down into the gourd, therefore, place the entrance hole in the upper portion.
Most birds live for many years.
Most birds live for years.
Most birds live in Africa.
Most birds live in areas.
Most birds live in cities.
Most birds live in communities.
Most birds live in countries.
Most birds live in ecosystems.
Most birds live in environments.
Most birds live in forests.
Most birds live in groups.
Most birds live in habitats.
Most birds live in nests.
Most birds live in places.
Most birds live in regions.
Most birds live in same places.
Most birds live in small areas.
Most birds live in towns.
Most birds live in trees.
Most birds live in urban areas.
Most birds live in woodlands.
Most birds live in worlds.
Most birds live on beaches.
Most birds live on continents.
Most birds live on seeds.
Most birds live on shores.
Most birds live on trees.
Most birds look for places.
Most birds look like birds.
Most birds look like chickens.
Most birds look like dinosaur birds.
Most birds lose feathers.
Most birds lose pin feathers.
Most birds lose tail feathers.
Most birds love environments.
Most birds love flowers.
Most birds love food.
Most birds love gardens.
Most birds love pomegranates - particularly the seeds.
Most birds love stuff like that.
Most birds love to drink and frolic in shallow pools of water.
Most birds love water.
Most birds maintain territory.
Most birds maintain weight.
Most birds make a sort of flapping, swooshing sound when they fly.
Most birds make adjustment.
Most birds make bonds that last through the breeding season.
Most birds make coo sound.
Most birds make delicate adjustment.
Most birds make eggs.
Most birds make foot strides.
Most birds make homes.
Most birds make life.
Most birds make little noise.
Most birds make many trips per day away from their nest to find food.
Most birds make meals.
Most birds make movement.
Most birds make nests, and spend their time foraging to feed and care for their chicks.
Most birds make nests.
Most birds make noise.
Most birds make problems.
Most birds make racket.
Most birds make sites.
Most birds make sound.
Most birds make sounds because they are genetically designed to do so.
Most birds make strides.
Most birds make terrible sound.
Most birds make thrust movement.
Most birds make trips.
Most birds make unusual sound.
Most birds make usual racket.
Most birds make wonderful life.
Most birds mate by contact at the cloaca area.
Most birds migrate for the winter due to the lack of food sources and the climatic conditions.
Most birds migrate south to their wintering grounds in the Gulf Coast, Mexico, and Central America.
Most birds migrate to coastal regions.
Most birds migrate to habitats.
Most birds migrate to homes.
Most birds migrate to regions.
Most birds migrate to warmer climates.
Most birds migrate to weather.
Most birds molt completely at least once a year.
Most birds molt either once or twice a year.
Most birds molt once a year, usually in late summer, after the nesting season.
Most birds moult by replacing a few feathers at a time.
Most birds move eggs.
Most birds move feet.
Most birds move into areas.
Most birds move somewhere as the seasons change.
Most birds move tails.
Most birds naturally avoid webs.
Most birds nest same places.
Most birds obtain enough food.
Most birds obtain food.
Most birds occupy areas.
Most birds occupy different areas.
Most birds occupy different geographic areas.
Most birds occupy geographic areas.
Most birds occupy habitats.
Most birds occupy residential areas.
Most birds occur in environments.
Most birds occur in forest habitats.
Most birds occur in great lake regions.
Most birds occur in habitats.
Most birds occur in regions.
Most birds occur in woodlands.
Most birds only close their eyelids during sleep, and use the third eyelid alone for blinking.
Most birds only have one functional ovary.
Most birds perch on wire.
Most birds pick up organisms.
Most birds pick up something.
Most birds pick up worms.
Most birds play critical roles.
Most birds play important roles.
Most birds play in flight.
Most birds play in habitats.
Most birds play roles.
Most birds pollinate trees.
Most birds pose a minimal risk for transmitting disease.
Most birds possess balance.
Most birds possess beaks.
Most birds possess bodies.
Most birds possess bones.
Most birds possess eggs.
Most birds possess feathers.
Most birds possess flight.
Most birds possess food.
Most birds possess genes.
Most birds possess glands.
Most birds possess habitats.
Most birds possess lungs.
Most birds possess nests.
Most birds possess organs.
Most birds possess reaction.
Most birds possess variation.
Most birds prefer a specific habitat for feeding or nesting.
Most birds prefer areas.
Most birds prefer brushes.
Most birds prefer deciduous trees.
Most birds prefer dining on the flies.
Most birds prefer environments.
Most birds prefer evergreens.
Most birds prefer food.
Most birds prefer grassland.
Most birds prefer habitats.
Most birds prefer multi-stem plants that form a dense canopy.
Most birds prefer nests.
Most birds prefer oak woodlands.
Most birds prefer open grassland.
Most birds prefer seeds.
Most birds prefer trees.
Most birds prefer woodlands.
Most birds prey on animals.
Most birds prey on domestic animals.
Most birds prey on large animals.
Most birds prey on large game animals.
Most birds prey on small animals.
Most birds probably employ a combination of systems.
Most birds produce offspring.
Most birds produce some sort of vocal sound.
Most birds produce sound.
Most birds produce strange sound.
Most birds produce vocal sound.
Most birds provide examples.
Most birds provide food.
Most birds provide recreational values.
Most birds provide values.
Most birds raise babies.
Most birds raise heads.
Most birds raise tails.
Most birds raise wings.
Most birds reach adulthood.
Most birds reach ages.
Most birds reach height.
Most birds reach maturity.
Most birds reach sexual maturity.
Most birds receive food.
Most birds receive nutrition.
Most birds recover well when treated promptly.
Most birds regurgitate food.
Most birds relate to dinosaurs.
Most birds relate to finches.
Most birds relate to fowl.
Most birds relate to pheasants.
Most birds release eggs.
Most birds rely on instinct when they migrate.
Most birds rely on sight.
Most birds rely on vision.
Most birds rely on worms.
Most birds remain too distant from the ridge to see with the naked eye.
Most birds represent dinosaur lineage.
Most birds represent lineage.
Most birds require air.
Most birds require birds.
Most birds require food.
Most birds require insects.
Most birds require legs.
Most birds require lots of energy, so their bodies use up the food they eat very quickly.
Most birds require nests.
Most birds require oxygen.
Most birds require proteins.
Most birds require seeds.
Most birds require stimulation.
Most birds require vegetation.
Most birds require water.
Most birds require wings.
Most birds resemble birds.
Most birds respond emotionally to melodious voices in soothing tones.
Most birds respond immediately but every bird is very much a unique individual.
Most birds rest on ledges.
Most birds return springs.
Most birds return to locations.
Most birds return to nest sites.
Most birds return to nests.
Most birds return to places.
Most birds return to same locations.
Most birds return to same nest sites.
Most birds return to sites.
Most birds return to territory.
Most birds returning from the wintering grounds take a new mate each year.
Most birds ride updrafts.
Most birds ride wind.
Most birds roost in trees.
Most birds rotate wings.
Most birds seek eggs.
Most birds seek food.
Most birds seek mates.
Most birds seek shelter.
Most birds seek worms.
Most birds seem to like the water shallow.
Most birds seize worms.
Most birds select nest sites.
Most birds select sites.
Most birds serve as hosts.
Most birds shake beaks.
Most birds shake feathers.
Most birds shake tails.
Most birds shake wings.
Most birds share ancestry.
Most birds share environments.
Most birds share ground.
Most birds share locations.
Most birds share several characteristics.
Most birds share water.
Most birds shed feathers.
Most birds show a definite preference for soaked seeds.
Most birds show behavior.
Most birds show diversity.
Most birds show growth.
Most birds show responses.
Most birds show significant discoloration to the muscles around a fracture site.
Most birds sit in bushes.
Most birds sit in forests.
Most birds sit in grass.
Most birds sit in nests.
Most birds sit in rivers.
Most birds sit in trees.
Most birds sit in yards.
Most birds sit on branches.
Most birds sit on fences.
Most birds sit on flowers.
Most birds sit on leaves.
Most birds sit on legs.
Most birds sit on limbs.
Most birds sit on nests.
Most birds sit on trees.
Most birds sit on wire.
Most birds sleep at night, although there are some, like owls that sleep during the day.
Most birds sleep in trees and bushes the rest of the year.
Most birds spend much of their time in the air.
Most birds spread feet.
Most birds spread wings.
Most birds stand on feet.
Most birds stand on legs.
Most birds start their migration along the coast.
Most birds stay together for the whole nesting season, and one advantage is that the work is shared.
Most birds steal food.
Most birds store fat only in furcular and abdominal regions.
Most birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Most birds suffer from deficiencies.
Most birds survive accidents.
Most birds survive breed seasons.
Most birds survive events.
Most birds survive extinction events.
Most birds survive first years.
Most birds survive hunt seasons.
Most birds survive migration.
Most birds survive nights.
Most birds survive seasons.
Most birds survive years.
Most birds take breaths.
Most birds take energy.
Most birds take first flight.
Most birds take flight.
Most birds take food.
Most birds take journeys.
Most birds take long journeys.
Most birds take short naps during the day, as well.
Most birds take steps.
Most birds tend to fly higher when crossing large bodies of water than when flying over land.
Most birds thrive in environments.
Most birds thrive on attention and human interaction, but wither with neglect.
Most birds try to bathe in their water bowls.
Most birds turn heads.
Most birds undertake journeys.
Most birds undertake long journeys.
Most birds use a combination of gliding and beating of the wings to keep airborne.
Most birds use air.
Most birds use beaks.
Most birds use bills.
Most birds use calls.
Most birds use claws.
Most birds use current.
Most birds use energy.
Most birds use eyes.
Most birds use feathers.
Most birds use feet.
Most birds use fresh water.
Most birds use gravity.
Most birds use habitats.
Most birds use keen senses.
Most birds use legs.
Most birds use limbs.
Most birds use muscles.
Most birds use plants to make nests.
Most birds use powerful legs.
Most birds use razor claws.
Most birds use senses.
Most birds use sharp claws.
Most birds use sight.
Most birds use sound.
Most birds use strong muscles.
Most birds use talons.
Most birds use thermal air current.
Most birds use tongues.
Most birds use warm air current.
Most birds use water.
Most birds use wind.
Most birds use wings.
Most birds visit backyards.
Most birds visit environments.
Most birds visit flowers.
Most birds visit gardens.
Most birds visit habitats.
Most birds visit islands.
Most birds visit nests.
Most birds visit plants.
Most birds visit sanctuaries.
Most birds visit trees.
Most birds visit vegetation.
Most birds visit wetland.
Most birds visit yards.
Most birds wait for prey.
Most birds walk on feet.
Most birds watch chickens.
Most birds watch insects.
Most birds weigh pounds.
Some birds always win, or at least are always in contention.
Some birds absolutely love egg yolk and others merely eat it.
Some birds actively cooperate with other species.
Some birds actually have feet adapted to walk on the surface plants.
Some birds actually nest on the ground, and intentionally lay their eggs there.
Some birds adapt certain characteristics.
Some birds adapt characteristics.
Some birds adapt to conditions.
Some birds adapt to food sources.
Some birds adapt to sources.
Some birds adapt to specific food sources.
Some birds adapt to such conditions.
Some birds adapt to temperature.
Some birds adjust themselves to special environments.
Some birds adjust to a home and people readily, while for others it takes weeks and months.
Some birds adopt different strategies to gain living space.
Some birds also bury their eggs in the same way.
Some birds also die after ingesting oil during attempts to clean themselves.
Some birds also eat eggs and juvenile robins.
Some birds also have an enteritis and a vent discharge.
Some birds also have sinusitis.
Some birds also have text description files.
Some birds also have wattles, which are naked folds of skin that hang down from the mandibles.
Some birds also prefer a site for privacy, such as a paper bag, a towel, or a nest box.
Some birds also protect a larger feeding territory.
Some birds also seem to do a great deal of gesturing prior to resorting to a physical attack.
Some birds also take longer to learn to talk than others.
Some birds also take on helpers to help rear their young.
Some birds apparently feel the same way about eating insects that have been exposed to insecticides.
Some birds appear in islands.
Some birds appear in nests.
Some birds appear to have eyelashes.
Some birds appear to reduce flight speed in proportion to the degree of assistance or resistance.
Some birds are able to fly with only one primary feather.
Some birds are able to survive the winter by flying south where it is warmer and easier to get food.
Some birds are also poisonous to cats.
Some birds are as pure yellow as a buttercup flower.
Some birds are better at making nest than others.
Some birds are big and powerful enough to be able to patrol the grassland without relying on flight.
Some birds are breed in backyards.
Some birds are chickens.
Some birds are easier to convince than others.
Some birds are eaten as food.
Some birds are flightless birds.
Some birds are geese.
Some birds are here only at certain times of the year.
Some birds are in a hurry to get to the Arctic.
Some birds are indicator species.
Some birds are insect eaters, while others prefer eating fruit, nuts, or berries.
Some birds are inside barns.
Some birds are known as doves.
Some birds are known as finches.
Some birds are known to tolerate the fruits.
Some birds are late developers.
Some birds are located at feeders.
Some birds are located at societies.
Some birds are located in Africa.
Some birds are located in ground.
Some birds are located in islands.
Some birds are located in marsh.
Some birds are located in valleys.
Some birds are located in worlds.
Some birds are located on ledges.
Some birds are located on nests.
Some birds are mated for life, like married couples.
Some birds are member of families.
Some birds are migratory, spending only part of the year in Georgia.
Some birds are more cautious about new people or objects in their environment than others.
Some birds are more efficient at holding the fruit with a foot while eating, just like parrots.
Some birds are more likely than others to eat fruits and popcorn.
Some birds are more sensitive to zinc at lower levels than others.
Some birds are naturally friendly to just about everyone.
Some birds are naturally more shy and less social than others and take longer to warm up to people.
Some birds are nearly self-sufficient when they hatch.
Some birds are noisier than others.
Some birds are noisy.
Some birds are of sufficient rarity that they attract attention from far and wide.
Some birds are OK on shoulders if their primary bondee is the only one present.
Some birds are paper chewers.
Some birds are parrots.
Some birds are pets, like budgies and canaries.
Some birds are picky eaters.
Some birds are polygamous and take more than one mate in a season.
Some birds are potentially responsible for intentional fire propagation to flush out prey.
Some birds are scavengers and eat the bodies of creatures that have died.
Some birds are scavengers.
Some birds are seed eaters and actually enjoy some seeds much better than others.
Some birds are seed-eaters, others eat fruit, some eat insects, and some flower nectar.
Some birds are sold to other farmers and ranchers entering the ostrich business.
Some birds are still molting.
Some birds are tamer than others.
Some birds are tough to fit anyway.
Some birds are turkeys.
Some birds are vegetarians, some prefer meat, and some eat both.
Some birds are very bold, stay on a feeder for a long time and eat a lot.
Some birds are very colorful, some are sassy and others have charming personalities.
Some birds are very fond of grass seed.
Some birds are very noisy and can be a nuisance to close neighbors.
Some birds are winter visitors from further north and east, e.g. Finland, Sweden and Norway.
Some birds attack persistent intruders.
Some birds attain weight.
Some birds attract animals.
Some birds attract birds.
Some birds attract parasites.
Some birds attract predators.
Some birds attract viruses.
Some birds become abundances.
Some birds become adults.
Some birds become ideas.
Some birds become incubations.
Some birds become magpies.
Some birds become members.
Some birds become pests.
Some birds become prey of certain mammals, primarily the Arctic Fox.
Some birds become problems.
Some birds become so animated and persistent that they injure themselves.
Some birds become visitors.
Some birds bite visitors.
Some birds break bones.
Some birds break breast bones.
Some birds break legs.
Some birds break wings.
Some birds breed, and others simply help raise the young.
Some birds build nests or peck out cavities in trees.
Some birds build nests out of twigs and grasses.
Some birds build their nests with incredible rapidity.
Some birds bury eggs.
Some birds call a lot, others only yelp or cluck a couple of times.
Some birds call frequently with long uninterrupted yelps, while others only yelp a couple of times.
Some birds can also get that far just flying.
Some birds can also 'hover' and remain in one place.
Some birds can also 'sing'.
Some birds can be more obedient and willing to please.
Some birds can be suspicious of any new thing, including toys.
Some birds can be very expensive where prices soar into the thousands.
Some birds can be wasteful.
Some birds can benefit from a cage cover.
Some birds can even sing lyrics with a vibrato befitting of a pop music diva.
Some birds can express affection on the same level as cats or dogs.
Some birds can float on water and live near oceans, lakes or rivers.
Some birds can fly.
Some birds can 'glide' on air currents without flapping.
Some birds can handle larger toys and some play gently.
Some birds can imitate many nonavian sounds, including human speech.
Some birds can mimic sounds.
Some birds can only exist in specific habitats.
Some birds can ride out a storm pretty well using the wind.
Some birds can sit out storms at sea.
Some birds can sit out storms on the water surface.
Some birds can swim.
Some birds capture prey.
Some birds capture small invertebrates, sand shrimps and sea lice.
Some birds carry bodies.
Some birds carry diseases such as salmonella or chlamydia.
Some birds carry eggs.
Some birds carry lice.
Some birds carry prey.
Some birds carry something.
Some birds carry viruses.
Some birds carry worms.
Some birds cause accidents.
Some birds cause crop damage.
Some birds cause damage.
Some birds cause death.
Some birds cause problems.
Some birds cause psychological damage.
Some birds cause significant crop damage.
Some birds cause significant damage.
Some birds cause so much damage to rice crops that they are considered agricultural pests.
Some birds change habitats.
Some birds change migration patterns.
Some birds change patterns.
Some birds chew branches.
Some birds choose a route that requires multiple days of non-stop flight over water.
Some birds choose to vear west across South America and end along the coast of Peru.
Some birds claim territory.
Some birds collect special treasures, too.
Some birds collect sticks.
Some birds come from as far as Siberia in the Soviet Union.
Some birds come from ecosystems.
Some birds come from islands.
Some birds come to windows.
Some birds completely recover either with or without treatment.
Some birds consist of seeds.
Some birds consume clams.
Some birds consume ferment fruit.
Some birds consume fruit.
Some birds consume juniper.
Some birds consume nectar.
Some birds consume palm fruit.
Some birds consume pollen.
Some birds consume rocky mountain juniper.
Some birds consume seawater.
Some birds consume snakes.
Some birds contract a gizzard ailment.
Some birds control pests.
Some birds create a nest for the purpose of raising young birds.
Some birds create messes.
Some birds create nest for the purpose of shelter or sleeping.
Some birds cross fences.
Some birds cross roads.
Some birds defend nest sites.
Some birds defend sites.
Some birds defend territory.
Some birds depend on forests.
Some birds depend on grass.
Some birds depend on homes.
Some birds depend on islands.
Some birds depend on plants.
Some birds depend on wetland.
Some birds derive from ancestors.
Some birds derive from rainforests.
Some birds destroy crops.
Some birds develop a swollen, mucus-filled crop.
Some birds develop adaptive strategies.
Some birds develop habits.
Some birds develop same symptoms.
Some birds develop strategies.
Some birds develop symptoms.
Some birds die after being crushed by machinery or vehicles operating near the unloading area.
Some birds die from cerebral paralysis.
Some birds die from injuries.
Some birds die from paralysis.
Some birds die in collisions.
Some birds die in sea.
Some birds die of infection.
Some birds die of secondary infection.
Some birds die shortly after showing signs of PBFD while others live months to years.
Some birds die without signs being noticed.
Some birds dive for food.
Some birds do better jobs.
Some birds do construction.
Some birds do fall prey, however, and their commonest enemies are kites and falcons.
Some birds do it, and some reptiles as well.
Some birds do jobs.
Some birds do services.
Some birds do very well with one treatment series.
Some birds do well alone with enough human attention.
Some birds do without a nest altogether.
Some birds double and even triple their weight on horseshoe crab eggs.
Some birds drink artificial seawater.
Some birds drink nectar.
Some birds drink seawater.
Some birds eat animals.
Some birds eat aquatic vegetation.
Some birds eat babies.
Some birds eat bark beetles.
Some birds eat bees.
Some birds eat berries from bushes.
Some birds eat blood.
Some birds eat butterflies.
Some birds eat caterpillars.
Some birds eat centipedes.
Some birds eat cherries.
Some birds eat chipmunks.
Some birds eat cobs.
Some birds eat common caterpillars.
Some birds eat corn cobs.
Some birds eat dead animals.
Some birds eat eggs.
Some birds eat finches.
Some birds eat fish.
Some birds eat flesh.
Some birds eat flowers.
Some birds eat frogs.
Some birds eat gobies.
Some birds eat grapes.
Some birds eat grass.
Some birds eat gravel.
Some birds eat grubs.
Some birds eat hairy caterpillars.
Some birds eat Japanese beetles.
Some birds eat krill.
Some birds eat lizards.
Some birds eat marine fish.
Some birds eat meat.
Some birds eat mollusks.
Some birds eat mosquitoes.
Some birds eat numbats.
Some birds eat nutrias.
Some birds eat particles.
Some birds eat pests.
Some birds eat plants.
Some birds eat raptors.
Some birds eat rats.
Some birds eat rhinos.
Some birds eat rice.
Some birds eat ripe strawberries.
Some birds eat seeds, some eat fruit and many eat insects, particularly during the summer.
Some birds eat shrubs.
Some birds eat small animals.
Some birds eat snakes.
Some birds eat strawberries.
Some birds eat sunflowers.
Some birds eat thrushes.
Some birds eat tortoises.
Some birds eat tubers.
Some birds eat turtles.
Some birds eat types.
Some birds eat vegetation.
Some birds eats twicetheir body weight each day.
Some birds emerge from the egg more ready to take on the world than others.
Some birds enjoy cages.
Some birds enjoy carrot juice.
Some birds enjoy cheese.
Some birds enjoy fresh carrot juice.
Some birds enjoy fresh juice.
Some birds enjoy juice.
Some birds enjoy ropes or wooden toys to peck at.
Some birds enjoy unraveling the rope, then they can preen it.
Some birds enjoy yogurt.
Some birds enter bedrooms.
Some birds enter environments.
Some birds enter homes.
Some birds enter houses.
Some birds enter live rooms.
Some birds enter orchards.
Some birds enter rooms.
Some birds enter societies.
Some birds enter yards.
Some birds establish sites.
Some birds even enjoy a small amount of lean cooked meat, fish, egg white or yogurt occasionally.
Some birds even enter the scalding tank fully conscious.
Some birds even feed it to their young.
Some birds even feed plastic debris to their young.
Some birds even make tools.
Some birds even require a quiet time or nap during the day.
Some birds evolve from carnivorous dinosaurs.
Some birds evolve from dinosaurs.
Some birds evolve from small carnivorous dinosaurs.
Some birds evolve from small theropod dinosaurs.
Some birds evolve from theropod dinosaurs.
Some birds exhibit diarrhoea.
Some birds exhibit instinct.
Some birds exhibit parental care.
Some birds exhibit reaction.
Some birds exhibit sexual behavior and even build nests.
Some birds exhibit strong instinct.
Some birds fail to molt symmetrical and become somewhat handicapped for months.
Some birds feed all their young equally, while others feed the biggest.
Some birds feed almost exclusively four feet or more above ground level on elevated feeders.
Some birds feed birds.
Some birds feed in environments.
Some birds feed in groups.
Some birds feed in lakes.
Some birds feed insects.
Some birds feed on animals.
Some birds feed on aquatic animals.
Some birds feed on bivalves.
Some birds feed on buds.
Some birds feed on chestnuts.
Some birds feed on chicks.
Some birds feed on creep juniper.
Some birds feed on earwigs.
Some birds feed on estuaries.
Some birds feed on flower buds.
Some birds feed on fruit.
Some birds feed on juniper.
Some birds feed on live prey.
Some birds feed on mammals.
Some birds feed on mollusks.
Some birds feed on nectar and so help pollinate flowers.
Some birds feed on nuts.
Some birds feed on persistent fruit.
Some birds feed on prey.
Some birds feed on quail chicks.
Some birds feed on small mammals.
Some birds feed on snails.
Some birds feed on trees.
Some birds feel eggs.
Some birds feel nests.
Some birds find gardens.
Some birds find homes.
Some birds find suitable nesting sites in the stonewalls or roofs of old sheephouses or barns.
Some birds find their food by touch in the dark.
Some birds float in lakes.
Some birds float in ponds.
Some birds fly and some birds swim, but all birds have feathers.
Some birds fly for weeks to get to their winter homes.
Some birds fly high Some birds fly low Some birds live on the ground And some below.
Some birds fly over beaches.
Some birds fly over islands.
Some birds fly over lakes.
Some birds fly over rivers.
Some birds fly over sea.
Some birds fly over streams.
Some birds fly over threats.
Some birds fly south for the winter , but there are always birds around all year .
Some birds fly south for the winter .
Some birds fly south for the winter.
Some birds fly south in the winter and other birds stay in Canada.
Some birds fly spontaneously in the wind tunnel once released by the experimenter.
Some birds fly to water holes at dawn and sunset.
Some birds follow coastlines to avoid flying over large bodies of water.
Some birds follow columns.
Some birds follow ships.
Some birds follow tracks.
Some birds form a hollow or use a pre-existing hollow in a tree for a home.
Some birds form pair bonds.
Some birds form strong bonds.
Some birds form term bonds.
Some birds get all the breaks.
Some birds get light.
Some birds get pest rodents.
Some birds get power.
Some birds get products.
Some birds get rain.
Some birds get rodents.
Some birds give birth to animals.
Some birds give birth to geese.
Some birds give notes.
Some birds give up, some die, some decide to return, and many make excuses.
Some birds go through many bird bands in their lifetime.
Some birds go to farms.
Some birds go to holes.
Some birds graze in environments.
Some birds happen to enjoy showers rather a low ceramic bowl of lukewarm water.
Some birds harass birds.
Some birds harass blue birds.
Some birds harass bright blue birds.
Some birds harass hawks.
Some birds has-part thymuses.
Some birds has-part wombs.
Some birds hatch several broods each year.
Some birds hatch with their running shoes on.
Some birds have a beautiful song.
Some birds have a nomadic lifestyle, following fruiting trees.
Some birds have a stronger instinct than others.
Some birds have a tan supercilium and browner head than the more common white-striped form.
Some birds have a whitish tip to the bill.
Some birds have abundances.
Some birds have advantage.
Some birds have all the luck.
Some birds have all the pain.
Some birds have all the talent.
Some birds have an appendix or cecum which helps in the digestion of grains and fibers.
Some birds have an expansion of the esophagus called the crop.
Some birds have bands.
Some birds have barbs.
Some birds have beaks specially designed to crack open conifer cones, thus spreading the seeds.
Some birds have bees.
Some birds have bills just right for catching fish.
Some birds have birds.
Some birds have black wing tips.
Some birds have blue feathers.
Some birds have both splashes and white flight feathers.
Some birds have bronze.
Some birds have buffs.
Some birds have characteristics.
Some birds have cheek.
Some birds have cloacas.
Some birds have close relatives.
Some birds have collars.
Some birds have compositions.
Some birds have courtship dances.
Some birds have cracks.
Some birds have creatures.
Some birds have damage.
Some birds have dances.
Some birds have defense.
Some birds have diarrhea.
Some birds have dietary preference.
Some birds have different dietary preference.
Some birds have different preference.
Some birds have different ways.
Some birds have difficulty consuming snow as a source of water and thus fresh water is preferable.
Some birds have diseases.
Some birds have disorder.
Some birds have distress.
Some birds have division.
Some birds have ears.
Some birds have enemies.
Some birds have energy requirements.
Some birds have evolutionary fitnesses.
Some birds have facial stripes.
Some birds have fear.
Some birds have fitnesses.
Some birds have fungal infection.
Some birds have gases.
Some birds have genetic disorder.
Some birds have holes.
Some birds have infection.
Some birds have injuries.
Some birds have insulate layers.
Some birds have layers.
Some birds have lifespans.
Some birds have light chests and dark bellies, while in others the pattern is reversed.
Some birds have liver damage.
Some birds have long lifespans.
Some birds have long ways.
Some birds have lovely patterns.
Some birds have mammals.
Some birds have many ways.
Some birds have mate dances.
Some birds have materials.
Some birds have membranes.
Some birds have more advanced cases than others.
Some birds have more feathers than others.
Some birds have muscle paralysis.
Some birds have natural enemies.
Some birds have niches.
Some birds have night fright.
Some birds have numbers.
Some birds have obvious injuries.
Some birds have ornamental outgrowths, characterized by thickened skin that has many blood vessels.
Some birds have other creatures.
Some birds have parakeets.
Some birds have paralysis.
Some birds have patches.
Some birds have patterns.
Some birds have phenomenal capacity for spatial learning.
Some birds have point toes.
Some birds have poor feather condition because they are unable to preen.
Some birds have preference.
Some birds have relatives.
Some birds have representatives.
Some birds have reputations.
Some birds have requirements.
Some birds have respiratory distress.
Some birds have respiratory infection.
Some birds have respiratory tract infection.
Some birds have roles.
Some birds have seeds.
Some birds have several ways.
Some birds have shoulder patches.
Some birds have small spots.
Some birds have small white spots.
Some birds have some particular default positions as well.
Some birds have special glands that secrete a concentrated salt solution.
Some birds have specific niches.
Some birds have spots.
Some birds have stripes.
Some birds have strong teeth.
Some birds have sweet teeth.
Some birds have teeth.
Some birds have territory.
Some birds have testes.
Some birds have the ability to find their way back if they are displaced.
Some birds have the bills crossed one way, and some the other way.
Some birds have the tufts, which are really unique, but more often have muffs or beards or both.
Some birds have tips.
Some birds have toes.
Some birds have tract infection.
Some birds have unusual habits.
Some birds have very fine feathers that are almost impossible to get off.
Some birds have vocabulary.
Some birds have warmth.
Some birds have ways.
Some birds have weather.
Some birds have white cheek.
Some birds have white spots.
Some birds have wing patterns.
Some birds have wing tips.
Some birds have wounds.
Some birds have yeast infection.
Some birds hear dogs.
Some birds help forests.
Some birds help populations.
Some birds help wetland.
Some birds hide in forests.
Some birds hide their nests at the tips of twigs amid the dense outer foliage of trees.
Some birds hug the earth, floating at treetop level.
Some birds hunt other animals.
Some birds inhabit grassland.
Some birds inhabit open grassland.
Some birds invade gardens.
Some birds invade structures.
Some birds join flamingos.
Some birds just eat insects and so like a pond.
Some birds keep companies.
Some birds kill birds.
Some birds kill cats.
Some birds kill humans.
Some birds kill mates.
Some birds kill people.
Some birds kill snakes.
Some birds kill songbirds.
Some birds know as raptors.
Some birds lack diaphragms.
Some birds lack glands.
Some birds lack salt glands.
Some birds lack sweat glands.
Some birds lay each egg in a different nest.
Some birds learn quicker than others.
Some birds learn to fish.
Some birds leave areas.
Some birds leave breed areas.
Some birds leave the hulls.
Some birds leave the swamp to find food.
Some birds leave yards.
Some birds like to be misted with spray.
Some birds like to be sprayed with water from a spray bottle.
Some birds like to decorate to attract a female.
Some birds like to eat from the ground.
Some birds like to eat suet, nuts, or fresh fruit, as well.
Some birds like to play with toys a lot.
Some birds like to sleep in a happy hut which is basically a hanging tent.
Some birds like to tear paper and enjoy a cardboard roller from toilet paper.
Some birds like to use bird baths on the ground.
Some birds live in a crack in houses.
Some birds live in Alaska.
Some birds live in Australia.
Some birds live in bays.
Some birds live in close association with horses.
Some birds live in colonies.
Some birds live in counties.
Some birds live in deserts.
Some birds live in Egypt.
Some birds live in gardens.
Some birds live in Guyana.
Some birds live in homes that humans provide.
Some birds live in huge colonies.
Some birds live in Illinois.
Some birds live in islands.
Some birds live in Kansas.
Some birds live in Kenya.
Some birds live in meadows.
Some birds live in mountains.
Some birds live in neighborhoods.
Some birds live in oak.
Some birds live in pairs.
Some birds live in Panama.
Some birds live in parks.
Some birds live in provinces.
Some birds live in rainforests.
Some birds live in shores.
Some birds live in Spain.
Some birds live in temperature.
Some birds live in the trees, and some love lakes, but the meadowlark is a bird of the grassland.
Some birds live in the trees, some by the shore.
Some birds live in tropical temperature.
Some birds live in tundra.
Some birds live in vegetation.
Some birds live in water.
Some birds live in wildernesses.
Some birds live in zoos.
Some birds live on Antarctica.
Some birds live on coasts.
Some birds live on environments.
Some birds live on farms.
Some birds live on ground.
Some birds live on habitats.
Some birds live on islands.
Some birds live on leaves.
Some birds live on mountains.
Some birds live on prairie.
Some birds live on savanna.
Some birds live on tundra.
Some birds locate prey.
Some birds locate suitable prey.
Some birds lose ability.
Some birds lose beauty.
Some birds lose breed plumages.
Some birds lose plumages.
Some birds lose teeth.
Some birds lose their way.
Some birds lose weight.
Some birds love families.
Some birds love fruit.
Some birds love regions.
Some birds love shiny things like wrappers and trash.
Some birds love to eat the bugs that live in dead trees.
Some birds love watermelon.
Some birds maintain body temperature.
Some birds maintain positions.
Some birds maintain posture.
Some birds maintain temperature.
Some birds make bird food.
Some birds make food.
Some birds make good pets.
Some birds make great apartment pets.
Some birds make incredible flights.
Some birds make it three years or longer.
Some birds make many different calls.
Some birds make no nest at all but lay their eggs directly upon the ground.
Some birds make nuisances.
Some birds make song flights always in a specific form, hovering or descending in a particular way.
Some birds make their nests on the ground, some in bushes, some in trees, and some on cliffs.
Some birds make their nests out of mud or rubbish, twigs and things like that.
Some birds mate for life.
Some birds migrate as far south as southern Mexico and Honduras.
Some birds migrate as the day length shortens and before it gets very cold.
Some birds migrate during the day while others fly at night.
Some birds migrate from the artic to the antartic, each year returning to exactly the same nest.
Some birds migrate instinctively or use the stars to navigate their way south in winter.
Some birds migrate southeast from breeding range to winter near Gulf Coast.
Some birds migrate through the area on their way to and from their nesting grounds.
Some birds migrate to Asia.
Some birds migrate to California.
Some birds migrate to countries.
Some birds migrate to islands.
Some birds migrate to locations.
Some birds migrate to Mexico.
Some birds migrate to wetland.
Some birds migrate to wood.
Some birds mount a more vigorous defense.
Some birds nest high, others on the ground.
Some birds nest in colonies.
Some birds nest in communities.
Some birds nest in extreme locations to avoid threats from predators.
Some birds nest in hollow tunnels.
Some birds nest in loose colonies.
Some birds nest in small colonies.
Some birds nest in the living tree.
Some birds nest in tunnels.
Some birds nest near protective insects or animals to reduce their risks of predation.
Some birds nest on cliffs.
Some birds nest on coasts.
Some birds nest on rocky cliffs.
Some birds nest on rocky coasts.
Some birds never have their cage covered while others have their cage covered at night.
Some birds never migrate.
Some birds occupy dry forest life zones.
Some birds occupy ranges.
Some birds occupy zones.
Some birds occur in density.
Some birds occur in forests.
Some birds occur in low density.
Some birds occur in towns.
Some birds offer insight.
Some birds only pass through Wisconsin in spring and fall.
Some birds only stop for a brief refueling visit, while others stay for the summer.
Some birds oversummer in the park.
Some birds peck holes in trees and peck at the dirt to find food.
Some birds perch on one leg, drawing the other leg to the breast for warmth.
Some birds perch on one leg, drawing the other leg up to their breast for warmth.
Some birds perch on windowpanes.
Some birds pick up ants.
Some birds pick up grasshoppers.
Some birds pick up gravel.
Some birds pick up viruses.
Some birds play continuously while others show no interest in additional objects in their mews.
Some birds play in countries.
Some birds play in wood.
Some birds play only with loose toys they can carry around when they are outside of the cage.
Some birds pose threats.
Some birds possess certain diseases that can be deadly for cats.
Some birds possess enemies.
Some birds possess microbes.
Some birds possess nature.
Some birds possess offspring.
Some birds possess teeth.
Some birds possess viruses.
Some birds potty train themselves.
Some birds prefer diets.
Some birds prefer farms.
Some birds prefer feeding on the ground, and others prefer higher up.
Some birds prefer fens to other habitats for feeding and breeding.
Some birds prefer fields.
Some birds prefer forests.
Some birds prefer grass.
Some birds prefer landscapes.
Some birds prefer regions.
Some birds prefer savanna.
Some birds prefer size.
Some birds prefer the small concrete birdbath at the other corner of the yard.
Some birds prefer to be misted while others like bathing.
Some birds prefer to eat from the ground, while others prefer hanging feeders.
Some birds prefer to feed on the ground, others on elevated platforms.
Some birds prefer to take cover in evergreen groves, while others prefer dense, twiggy shrubs.
Some birds prey on anoles.
Some birds prey on chicks.
Some birds prey on desert tortoises.
Some birds prey on ducks.
Some birds prey on green anoles.
Some birds prey on mammals.
Some birds prey on small mammals.
Some birds prey on tortoises.
Some birds probe deeply into the sediment, others take food from the surface.
Some birds produce acid.
Some birds produce consumption.
Some birds produce nectar.
Some birds produce oxygen consumption.
Some birds provide fertilizer.
Some birds provide habitats.
Some birds raise chicks.
Some birds raise cuckoo chicks.
Some birds raise families.
Some birds range over a number of habitats , but many are found in only one environment .
Some birds range over a number of habitats, but many are found in only one environment.
Some birds react positively to music.
Some birds receive corn.
Some birds receive feed rations.
Some birds receive rations.
Some birds relate to magpies.
Some birds rely on snails.
Some birds remain constantly at one location.
Some birds remain in couple all life long.
Some birds remain in places.
Some birds remain with parents.
Some birds represent nations.
Some birds represent relatives.
Some birds require acid.
Some birds require attention.
Some birds require balance.
Some birds require care.
Some birds require consideration.
Some birds require contact.
Some birds require fields.
Some birds require forests.
Some birds require free time outside of the cage.
Some birds require ground.
Some birds require habitats.
Some birds require homes.
Some birds require houses.
Some birds require protection.
Some birds require several days.
Some birds require special care.
Some birds require special consideration.
Some birds require strategies.
Some birds require treatments.
Some birds require trees.
Some birds require vitamins.
Some birds resemble hens.
Some birds resemble loons.
Some birds resemble mammals.
Some birds resemble swans.
Some birds rest on benches.
Some birds rest on marsh.
Some birds rest on trees.
Some birds return to boxes.
Some birds return to cages.
Some birds return to coasts.
Some birds return to colonies.
Some birds return to islands.
Some birds return to lofts.
Some birds return to nest boxes.
Some birds reuse the nests of other species.
Some birds roost in cattails.
Some birds roost in willows.
Some birds see mealworms.
Some birds see monkeys.
Some birds seek insects.
Some birds seek nectar.
Some birds seem happy to exploit exotics.
Some birds serve as pests.
Some birds serve as sentries, scanning the horizon for predators and calling out warnings.
Some birds share backyards.
Some birds share food.
Some birds share homes.
Some birds share marsh.
Some birds share regions.
Some birds share seasides.
Some birds shift between Humboldt Bay mudflats and lowland pastures according to the tide.
Some birds show bruise.
Some birds show cavities.
Some birds show deposition.
Some birds show diarrhoea.
Some birds show impressive skills.
Some birds show include diarrhoea.
Some birds show interest.
Some birds show no signs of disease.
Some birds show patterns.
Some birds show problems.
Some birds show quite astonishing powers of recall.
Some birds show same problems.
Some birds show skills.
Some birds simply refuse to eat pellets.
Some birds simply use land marks or geographical sites.
Some birds sing at unnatural hours in the presence of artificial light.
Some birds sing same songs.
Some birds sing songs.
Some birds sing, some birds fly.
Some birds sit in habitats.
Some birds sit in homes.
Some birds sit in ponds.
Some birds sit in water.
Some birds sit on edges.
Some birds sit on eggs.
Some birds sit on fruit.
Some birds sit on grates.
Some birds sit on islands.
Some birds sit on logs.
Some birds sit on plants.
Some birds sit on stones.
Some birds sit on wildflowers.
Some birds sleep resting on a branch, while others find a nest or birdhouse to sleep in.
Some birds spend more time on wintering grounds and migration than here on breeding grounds.
Some birds spread microbes.
Some birds spread pollen.
Some birds spread tails.
Some birds stand in barns.
Some birds stand on heads.
Some birds stand on roads.
Some birds stand over the eggs to provide shade.
Some birds starve to death.
Some birds stay and some go further south.
Some birds stay at the higher elevations of the foothills.
Some birds stay mostly overhead in the tall treetop canopy seeking food and prime nest sites.
Some birds stay on the weeping willows.
Some birds stay together for life.
Some birds stay with parents.
Some birds stretch necks.
Some birds suck flowers.
Some birds suck insects.
Some birds suck nectar.
Some birds suffer damage.
Some birds suffer internal damage.
Some birds survive weather.
Some birds survive winter.
Some birds swim in groups.
Some birds swim in oceans.
Some birds swim in water.
Some birds switch the first day, others are slow to accept a new food.
Some birds swoop down and pick off the hatchlings as they rush across the beach.
Some birds take a little extra effort to attract.
Some birds take advantage.
Some birds take care.
Some birds take cavities.
Some birds tend to be noisier than others.
Some birds thrive in Africa.
Some birds thrive in forests.
Some birds thrive in marsh.
Some birds thrive in wetland.
Some birds transmit viruses.
Some birds travel at high altitudes while others fly low.
Some birds travel better than others do.
Some birds travel in flocks, so the adults teach the young.
Some birds travel thousands of miles.
Some birds turn into pets.
Some birds use a variety of stitches and knots to hold their nests together.
Some birds use air sacs.
Some birds use an opposite strategy, reducing their body temperature during periods of inactivity.
Some birds use bait.
Some birds use boxes.
Some birds use cacti.
Some birds use cavities.
Some birds use cloacas.
Some birds use deterrent.
Some birds use distraction to defend their young.
Some birds use epiphytes.
Some birds use external heat.
Some birds use heat.
Some birds use lichens to build nests.
Some birds use magnetic fields.
Some birds use metabolic heat.
Some birds use mud to construct their nests.
Some birds use nest boxes or tree cavities in winter as roost sites.
Some birds use nest boxes.
Some birds use sacs.
Some birds use small twigs.
Some birds use smell.
Some birds use stars to orientate themselves during migration.
Some birds use the boxthorn for protection from predators.
Some birds use the marsh as their resting place when flying south for the winter.
Some birds use the same nests they have occupied in previous years.
Some birds use their half-spread out wings in a flying motion to swim in water.
Some birds use their outstretched feet to land.
Some birds use tools to assist their feeding activities.
Some birds use tree cavities.
Some birds use twigs.
Some birds use visual deterrent.
Some birds use wire.
Some birds visit feeders.
Some birds visit flowers for different reasons.
Some birds visit forests.
Some birds visit ground.
Some birds visit lakes.
Some birds visit regions.
Some birds visit the park during migration and incubation periods only.
Some birds visit zoos.
Some birds wait for grasshoppers.
Some birds walk in the shallows, picking up tasty morsels as they go.
Some birds walk on toes.
Some birds watch birds.
Some birds watch frogs.
Some birds wean quickly and some slowly.
Some birds wean quickly, some take twice as long.
Some birds weigh lbs.
A birdbath is a basin
Birdbath isa basin.
Birdbaths are a necessity to maintain a healthy, happy bird.
Birdbaths are basins.
Birdbaths are located in lawns.
Birdbaths are often too low.
Birdbaths attract birds.
Birdbaths come in all styles and sizes, and they can make a stunning addition to any garden.
Birdbaths draw birds and add a sculptural element to any garden.
Birdbaths have (part) brims.
Birdbaths have (part) sections.
Birdbaths lend a gracious touch to any lawn, particularly one that needs a personal touch.
Birdbaths vary greatly in price.
Birdbaths work too, but have obvious hazards.
Many birdbaths are too low and allow easy access by cats.
Most birdbaths attract birds.
Some birdbaths come with built in heaters.
Some birdbaths fill with moss.
A birdcall is animal communication
Birdcalls are animal communication.
Birdcalls compete with the buzz of distant traffic.
Birdcalls compete with the shouts of monkeys and the buzz of a hundred thousand insects.
Birdcalls echo through the forest deep, lending an enchanting air to the place.
A birder is an amateur
Birders also benefit from the unique geological and, subsequently, biological setting of Austin.
Birders also enjoy fall migration time and even winter seabirding.
Birders also find the area an incredible treasure.
Birders also tend to keep very detailed records of what they see.
Birders appreciate birds with beautiful, musical voices.
Birders are by definition likely to go to a variety of habitats including tick-infested areas.
Birders are especially upset that uncontrolled grazing is damaging riparian habitat.
Birders are fanatic list-keepers.
Birders are generally environmentally conscious and seek out pristine destinations.
Birders are like that.
Birders are no different.
Birders are special people, who reach out to make new friends all around the world.
Birders are thrilled, however, when it does.
Birders are very friendly and helpful.
Birders are welcome but please respect the home owner and bird only from the alley.
Birders are welcome to visit the site.
Birders are welcome to visit, but are advised that the bird appears somewhat cautious.
Birders are welcome, but are asked to call ahead or stop in before beginning.
Birders are welcome.
Birders buy seeds by the tons.
Birders can also take part in bird counts .
Birders can also take part in bird counts.
Birders can choose from custom cruises, tours, guided walks and classes all devoted to birds.
Birders can contribute valuable data including species range, migration dates and nesting behavior.
Birders can enjoy the one-mile nature loop that travels through a heavily wooded mesquite stand.
Birders can see osprey, bald eagles and loons.
Birders can spend weeks here without exhausting the immense bird list.
Birders can view wild turkeys and forest songbirds.
Birders come from all over the world to add to their life lists on Plum Island.
Birders come from all over to experience the unique indigenous species found in our part of Florida.
Birders come from miles around, at least, to observe whooping cranes, ducks and geese.
Birders come in different heights, and different body types, from thin to rotund.
Birders contribute in many ways.
Birders enjoy a wide variety of their feathered friends to gaze upon at the shore.
Birders enjoy seeing bald eagles, loons, ducks, geese, and many other species.
Birders enjoy some excellent viewing opportunities during both the spring and fall migrations.
Birders enjoy the many native and migratory species present along the walk.
Birders everywhere can be valuable sources of data.
Birders flock here from everywhere in the country for unparalleled sighting opportunities.
Birders generally are slightly older than hunters and anglers, the report states.
Birders give less per person than their sportsmen counterparts.
Birders go where the birds are.
Birders have no problem appreciating the Delta.
Birders head out into forests, fields, marshes, shores, and parks to find beautiful birds.
Birders identify and record all species of birds sighted during the day.
Birders keep several different lists.
Birders know it by their full calendars.
Birders know variety of habitat means variety of birds.
Birders love close focus.
Birders love to talk about birds.
Birders probably do have fond memories of chasing rare birds on the heels of a hurricane.
Birders pursue their passion to the far corners of the earth in search of exotic species.
Birders recognize the importance of research projects to further our knowledge about birds.
Birders regularly use the hiking trail to observe migrants and resident breeders.
Birders report good viewing, with waterfowl being abundant.
Birders routinely visit along the one small road network, but primarily during breeding season.
Birders scan hundreds of square miles of Texas coastal areas during the weeklong competition.
Birders see all that plus some spectacular birds as they move off the beaten path.
Birders seem to only be concerned with the last three.
Birders take particular delight in the diverse avian community, which includes great egrets.
Birders try to find more species than their competitors in a given amount of time.
Birders trying to identify subspecies are advised to consult detailed identification references.
Birders welcome to stop by.
Birders often keep lists for their county, state or country.
Birders often observe peregrines soaring over the more remote parts of the mountain.
Every birder can be an expert at naming birds.
Every birder has a favorite guide, but here are three excellent guides to choose from.
Every birder has a field guide, but every birder ought to have two.
Many birders also take raincoats along in case of sudden weather changes.
Many birders are also interested in butterflies, or the plants and wildflowers along the trail.
Many birders are undoubtedly unaware of how common some of our owl species are.
Many birders enjoy keeping lists of birds they identify.
Many birders keep a list of the birds they identify.
Many birders monitor bluebird box trails, checking the boxes regularly and logging the results.
Many birders prefer paintings over photographs because field marks can be emphasized.
Most birders are avid outdoor enthusiasts who enjoy hiking and camping.
Most birders are aware that bird diversity varies according to latitude.
Most birders begin their visits by parking and just looking up.
Most birders enjoy woodpeckers.
Most birders ignore kitsch trappings and make do simply with a pair of binoculars and a field guide.
Most birders keep a life list, which is a list of all species ever seen.
Most birders rely heavily on a 'field guide' to insure proper identification.
Most birders still enjoy seeing birds they have already seen.
Most birders visit during the dry season.
Some birders believe baffle guards are necessary for increased predator protection.
Some birders enjoy solitude, but others thrive on companionship.
Some birders get tired of receiving bird collectibles and welcome something more practical.
Some birders help with bird ringing .
Some birders help with bird ringing.
Some birders keep a journal.
Some birders like to take photographs of birds .
Some birders like to take photographs of birds.
Some birders maintain that the birds in the floodplain are more colorful than elsewhere.
Some birders prefer walking through forests or jungles.
Some birders seem to be in constant motion, too, but that makes sense.
Some birders specialize in certain species.
A birdfeeder is a device
Birdfeeders also can help pheasants survive.
Birdfeeders Click on the image for full descriptions and price.
Birdfeeders draw a large variety of wildlife besides just birds.
A birdhouse is shelter
Birdhouses are a popular decorative item in many attractive gardens.
Birdhouses are a recurring theme throughout the suites as well as in the gardens.
Birdhouses are a thoughful gift, and provide years of enjoyment.
Birdhouses are houses.
Birdhouses are safest from predators when they are mounted on poles equipped with predator guards.
Birdhouses are shelter.
Birdhouses arise out of empty plastic bottles, jewelry divined out of wire, old jewelry and beads.
Birdhouses attract birds.
Birdhouses can decorate any home.
Birdhouses have a bird hole and a vine wreath, with moss and a perch.
Birdhouses make great Gifts for anyone and any occasion.
Birdhouses make great gifts too.
Birdhouses work too.
All birdhouses are for decorative use only.
A birdie is a score
Birdies are commonplace, eagles far from unknown.
Birdies are few and far between.
Birdies are few.
Birdies are good.
Birdies are plentiful, but so are double bogeys and worse.
Birdies are rare here.
Birdies are scores.
Birdies is the average number of birdies per round.
Birds bones are hollow and very frail.
Birds bones are light weight for flight.
Birds claws look like twigs.
Birds legs are unable to support their massive bodies.
Birds lungs are much different than human lungs.
Birdses of prey is ski areas.
Birdseed is a mixture of seeds, nuts, fruits, and vegetables provided to birds for sustenance.
Birdseed is acceptable in the driveway area.
Birdseed is feed
Birdseed is okay.
Birdseed is permitted outside the facility.
Birdsong echoes up and down the rocky ravines.
Birdsong explains that service orders are used to compile two lists for each show.
Birdsong fills the air.
Birdsong gets the owner to confess to leaking information to the robbers.
Birdsong is an exception, because it is controlled by a group of discrete brain areas.
Birdsong is animal communication
Birdsong is as much a part of spring as flowers and romance.
Birdsong is at once an erotic love story and a powerful evocation of the carnage of war.
Birdsong is one.
Birdsong is only one hour east of Jackson, TN, and one hour west of Nashville.
Birdsong is songs.
Birdsong is spectrally simple.
Birdsong offers a few words of caution for individual investors interested in DRPs.
Birdsong tells the harrowing story of men who lived in conditions that are barely imaginable.
Birdsongs are everywhere, but the birds themselves are hard to spot.
A birefringence is refraction
Birefringence is another name for double refraction.
Birefringence is generally high and moderate and high relief is typical.
Birefringence is indicated on the basis of optical phase difference.
Birefringence is measured using the optical transmission technique.
Birefringence is the dependence of light refraction on light polarization .
Birefringence is the dependence of light refraction on light polarization.
Birefringent crystals are present.
Birefringent crystals have two indices of refraction and thus produce two beams of polarized light.
Many birefringent crystals produce a characteristic interference pattern.
Birmingham glassworks are among the early mass-producers of uranium glass .
Birmingham residents can access absentee ballots and permit applications.
Birth announcements are also available from newborn photography.
Birth announcements contain a lot of personal information and photos.
Birth announcements run daily, on a space available basis, after they are sent in by the hospitals.
Birth centers are also legal in Wyoming.
Birth centers are more available.
Birth centers are safe places to birth.
Birth centers are usually cozy, attractive, and relaxing places to deliver a child.
Birth centers can either be freestanding or attached to a hospital.
Birth centers combine both skilled clinical care with a homelike environment.
Birth centers fall somewhere in the middle.
Birth centers pay a lot of attention to women.
Birth centers provide care for low risk pregnancies only.
Many birth centers offer birthing tubs where one can give birth in water.
Most birth centers have CNMs on the staff even if there are doctors as well.
A birth certificate is a certificate
Birth certificate is a legal document describing details of a person's birth.
Birth certificate is no longer acceptable.
Birth certificate is required for registration of new student.
Birth certificate is required when buying the ticket.
Birth certificate is required.
Birth certificate needs to show state, county, and book number.
Birth certificates are available either as a full size legal document or as a laminated card.
Birth certificates are available in wallet size and long form, framing size.
Birth certificates are certificates.
Birth certificates are legal certificates and are available to two formats.
Birth certificates are legal forms.
Birth certificates are the best source.
Birth certificates are the ideal source.
Birth certificates are the source of most of the data.
Birth certificates have a number of important functions.
Birth certificates require picture identification or an original legal guardian document.
Some birth certificates contain versions.
Birth Charts are different from Horoscopes.
Birth control benefits the well-being of everyone.
Birth control can and does fail .
Birth control can be hard to get, and sometimes expensive to get.
Birth control can lead to a purely hedonistic view of sexuality.
Birth control can mean abstinence.
Birth control fails and people fail to use birth control millions of times a year.
Birth control fails.
Birth control has some minor changes as well.
Birth control is a basic human right.
Birth control is a crime against ancestral laws.
Birth control is a human and a technological decision to thwart procreation.
Birth control is a method for healthy people.
Birth control is a pastoral issue.
Birth control is a planning
Birth control is a topic that creates a great number of controversial arguments.
Birth control is a very different matter.
Birth control is a way of sensibly managing the ability to multiply.
Birth control is also a topic.
Birth control is an important issue for couples who want to avoid an unintended pregnancy.
Birth control is applied to a normal, healthy body to make it function in an unhealthy way.
Birth control is basic women's health care.
Birth control is completely in the hands of the woman.
Birth control is considered a convenience.
Birth control is discouraged in Mongolia.
Birth control is encouraged.
Birth control is free in India to anyone who wants it.
Birth control is human activities.
Birth control is important for the young, death control, for the old.
Birth control is mandatory and provided by the government.
Birth control is more reliable than ever.
Birth control is planning.
Birth control is rejected by their religion and they often have big families.
Birth control is taught only in the context of marriage.
Birth control is the woman's responsibility.
Birth control is to put a limit to the number of children one has.
Birth control is too important to leave up to chance.
Birth control is woman's problem.
Birth control lets a man and woman have sexual intercourse but makes pregnancy less likely .
Birth control lets a man and woman have sexual intercourse but makes pregnancy less likely.
Birth control offers an easier example, yet it raises the same ethical concerns as gay sex.
Birth control pills Birth control pills are the most commonly utilized hormonal treatment.
Birth control prevents teen birth, overpopulation.
Birth control reduces the rate of unwanted pregnancy and abortion.
Birth control refers to any activity, medication, or equipment used to prevent pregnancy.
Birth control requires the cooperation of both partners.
Birth control taken daily can prevent the endometriosis from growing.
Some birth control is clearly abortifacient.
Birth date Enter the birth date.
Birth date is a little off, but it's close.
Birth date is approximate.
Birth date is best guess.
Birth date is confirmed.
Birth date is no longer a required field.
Birth date is requested.
Birth date is wrong.
Birth dates are approximate.
Birth dates are free, but addresses cost money.
Birth dates are generally accurate.
Birth dates are often completely unknown.
Birth dates cause a desire to surprise.
All birth dates are approximate, calculated from census records and gravestone inscriptions.
Most birth dates are approximate.
A birth defect is a defect
Birth defect is a physical or mental abnormality present at the time of birth.
Birth defect means any structural or chemical abnormality present in a child at birth.
Birth defects appear to have risen significantly, following the contamination patterns.
Birth defects are a leading cause of infant death in the chapter area.
Birth defects are a major worry for expecting parents.
Birth defects are a serious problem in Texas and the United States.
Birth defects are abnormalities seen in infants at birth.
Birth defects are abnormalities that are present at the time of birth.
Birth defects are also possible when a mother is exposed to uranium during pregnancy.
Birth defects are anomalies.
Birth defects are another growing problem in Belarus.
Birth defects are but one point of interest in medical and scientific communities.
Birth defects are common but often overlooked causes for stillbirth.
Birth defects are common in some lines.
Birth defects are common.
Birth defects are defects.
Birth defects are evident at birth.
Birth defects are just part of life, unfortunately.
Birth defects are often the result of a genetic problem, and there are many such types of disorders.
Birth defects are the leading cause of death in the first year of life.
Birth defects are the leading cause of infant death and a major cause of disability in young people.
Birth defects are the leading cause of infant death.
Birth defects are the leading cause of infant mortality.
Birth defects are the least sensitive indicator of reproductive toxicity due to mutagens.
Birth defects are the only serious side effects associated with thalidomide. .
Birth defects are the single leading cause of infant mortality in the United States.
Birth defects are unlikely.
Birth defects can also occur.
Birth defects can manifest at any age.
Birth defects can occur if given while pregnant.
Birth defects can occur when there are too few or too many chromosomes.
Birth defects contribute significantly to chronic disease morbidity and related medical costs.
Birth defects contribute substantially to morbidity and disability of children.
Birth defects involving the brain are the most common problems .
Birth defects involving the brain are the most common problems.
Birth defects involving the face are especially devastating and remain an area of great concern.
Birth defects occur in approximately five percent of all live births.
Birth defects occur in user's children.
Birth defects related to alcohol are permanent.
Birth defects related to alcohol use are permanent.
Birth defects remain the leading cause of infant mortality in the United States.
Birth defects result from environmental factors.
Birth defects result from factors.
Most birth defects appear to be minor, correctable by plastic surgical procedures.
Most birth defects begin in the early months of pregnancy.
Most birth defects result from environmental factors.
Most birth defects result from factors.
Some birth defects are genetic while some are environmental.
Some birth defects are genetics.
Some birth defects are preventable.
Some birth defects have major environmental determinants, which are called teratogens.
Some birth defects persist for centuries.
Many birth marks are flat moles.
Birth mother is deceased.
Birth mother is listed beside the son.
Birth mothers are also eligible for disability leave.
Birth mothers can change their minds and things can go wrong.
Birth mothers can change their minds.
Birth mothers can consider their options without stigmatization.
Birth mothers change minds.
Birth mothers come from all walks of life.
Birth mothers gather regularly in support groups as needed.
Birth Mothers seek their lost children.
Many birth mothers choose the adoptive parents and keep in contact as the child grows.
Many birth mothers go to another city or even state to give birth.
Most birth mothers change minds.
Most birth mothers do go on to have families.
Birth order can affect an individual's personality development.
Birth order can play a big impact.
Birth order determines which beasts replace dead beasts.
Birth order has no genetic basis.
Birth order is a aspect of family composition that has been given particular attention.
Birth order is also a factor which contributes to personality.
Birth order is another attempt to gain insight into the complex behavior of human beings.
Birth order is important.
Birth order is one factor, an important factor, in determining the nature of a marriage.
Birth order is only one of a multitude of things that affect personality.
Birth order is the birth order of all live births to the mother.
Birth order refers more generally to the subject.
Birth parents assist in the selection of an adoptive family.
Birth parents become real people.
Birth parents can file an affidavit prohibiting contact with birth siblings.
Birth parents can name, see and take care of their child after it is born.
Birth parents experience many changes over the course of the adoption process.
Birth parents have a short period of time to appeal a court's order.
Birth parents have a short period of time to change their minds after signing consents.
Birth parents have the right to change their minds AT ANY TIME during that period.
Birth parents make loving parenting decisions when they plan adoptions.
Birth parents receive free assistance with the challenges of separation, transition, and grief.
Birth parents see the foster parents as advocates and role models.
Birth parents sign a relinquishment, which is generally legally binding within several days.
Birth parents sign written consent so a child can be adopted.
Birth parents win, the child wins, and adoptive parents win.
Many birth parents choose adoptive families who share their interests.
Many birth parents live with guilt feelings and unresolved grief.
Some birth parents feel it best to have no contact at all.
Birth place is Excelsior Springs.
All birth places are in England, unless otherwise stated.
A birth rate is a rate
Birth rate is at a maximum.
Birth rate is linked to poor health and child mortality.
Birth rate is still twice the death rate.
Birth rates are almost certain to decline and have already begun to fall in many areas.
Birth rates are below worker-replacement levels in Italy, France and Spain.
Birth rates are down, longevity is up.
Birth rates are extremely high, and death rates are falling as a result of improved medical care.
Birth rates are lower in all socioeconomic groups.
Birth rates are rates.
Birth rates continue to decline in all regions of the world.
Birth rates continue to fall, and far fewer people are coming into the labour market.
Birth rates depend on both the fertility rate as well as the age distribution of a population.
Birth rates differ considerably by educational attainment.
Birth rates show a continued decline, even in states with persistent high fertility.
Birth rates stabilize.
Birth records are available only to the individual or to a child's parents.
Birth records are available only to the person of record or a direct descendant.
Birth records are available only to the registrant's immediate family.
Birth records are available to a properly qualified applicant as defined above.
Birth records are closed.
Birth records are the single most important document that a genealogist can aquire.
Birth records can be an invaluable resource for genealogists looking to research their ancestors.
Birth records provide date of birth and parents names where available.
Birth records provide the child's name, names of parents, and birth date.
Birth records reveal the child's name, parents' names, and date of birth.
Birth registration helps countries to plan and fund education.
Birth sign Pisces the fish.
Birth stories are another way to take part in the fun.
Birth trauma appears to be the main aetiological factor in congenital muscular torticollis.
Birth trauma is a mental condition
Birth trauma is also common due to fetal macrosomia.
Birth weight can also indicate whether a baby is born prematurely.
Birth weight can be an important indicator of community nutrition.
Birth weight has a positive relationship with growth rate.
Birth weight has effects.
Birth weight has significant effects.
Birth weight helps determine a child's potential for survival and future health.
Birth weight is another significant factor.
Birth weight is highly related to calving difficulties.
Birth weight is low.
Birth weight is lower when a baby is born prematurely.
Birth weight is mandatory for entry .
Birth weight is only one of numerous factors that influence cognitive function.
Birth weight is recorded in grams.
Birth weight is related to calving ease.
Birth weight is typically normal.
Birth weight ranges from kgs.
Birth weight seems to be widely accepted as a generally valid index of prematurity.
Most birth weight has effects.
Most birth weight has significant effects.
Most birth weight ranges from kgs.
A birth is a beginning
Birth affects our entire mental, emotional, and spiritual well being.
Birth also marks the beginning of the formation of a baby's permanent teeth.
Birth altogether excludes the idea of any effort or work on the part of the one who is born.
Birth apparently occurs during the spring to late summer in warm-temperate coastal waters.
Birth asphyxia is a substantial cause of brain damage in newborn babies.
Birth becomes a family event.
Birth begins the human clock.
Birth belongs in the hands of the mother.
Birth can be a joyous event for some and a tragic event for others.
Birth can be a powerful, disturbing thing.
Birth can be an agonising process, lots of cries of pain.
Birth can be an intense and rewarding experience.
Birth can be in the home, a primary birthing unit, or a hospital.
Birth can be scary, and it can also be glorious.
Birth can be scary, and it can be glorious.
Birth can become a empowering, rewarding experience to be savored, remembered, and treasured.
Birth can determine the caste only if there is no mixing up amongst the castes.
Birth can either heal women from past sexual abuse- or simply be more of the same.
Birth can safely take place in birth centers and homes .
Birth can safely take place in birth centers and homes.
Birth can safely take place in hospitals, birth centers, and homes.
Birth carries the promise of death.
Birth ceases to be something that the mother and baby do together.
Birth completes the process that began at conception.
Birth cry present.
Birth dates shown as eg.
Birth defects among offspring of firemen.
Birth Defects Congenital malformations are the leading cause of infant death.
Birth defects encyclopedia.
Birth defects from rubella.
Birth defects iii.
Birth defects in offspring of adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Birth defects Many birth defects occur as random events.
Birth defects original article series .
Birth defects original article series.
Birth defects surveillance and epidemiology in China.
Birth defects surveillance and epidemiology.
Birth defects surveillance and research programs at the international, federal, and state levels.
Birth defects surveillance system and registry.
Birth defines death.
Birth describes our movement from the spirit world to mortality.
Birth exists when becoming exists.
Birth follows death, just as waking follows sleep.
Birth follows, often near the passage of the lowest pressure or associated fronts.
Birth gives Plan beside cheer off no golf equipment likewise swept on a answer.
Birth guarantees death.
Birth happens at the end of a process or time cycle.
Birth happens in an equally restrictive farrowing crate.
Birth happens today in the church.
Birth has a lot to do with it, power has a lot to do with it.
Birth has nothing to do with medicine.
Birth has nothing to do with the people who wish to control it.
Birth has to be warped a bit to make it saleable to commercial interests.
Birth has unknowns just as life has unknowns too.
Birth hate over the fabric store.
Birth Includes books about birth itself, and books relevant to the birth movement.
Birth Includes stories of pregnancy, birth, and related ideas.
Birth introduces one to stewardship.
Birth involves a whole woman, far more than what is seen standing in a hospital gown.
Birth is a beginning.
Birth is a choice for life of the child.
Birth is a culturally patterned life cycle event that has personal and political significance.
Birth is a frightening and painful process, and our first communication to the world is a cry.
Birth is a great celebration of life and it deeply touches all involved in the process.
Birth is a holistic event.
Birth is a joyful celebration of life, it is an important transitional event for all family members.
Birth is a mere idea, which grows every day more and more intangible.
Birth is a mere incident in the whole developmental program.
Birth is a miracle and also a mystery.
Birth is a miracle.
Birth is a multi-stage process.
Birth is a natural and healthy process, and a significant event in every woman's life.
Birth is a natural process.
Birth is a natural separation of mother and child.
Birth is a natural, healthy process and a significant event in every woman's life.
Birth is a normal, natural and wonderful event.
Birth is a normal, physiological process.
Birth is a normal, unique, intensely physical and spiritual event.
Birth is a one-time experience.
Birth is a painful process, for both mother and child.
Birth is a perfect metaphor for all of life.
Birth is a physical experience.
Birth is a physical process, even a painful process.
Birth is a picture of life, as it is the beginning of life on earth.
Birth is a powerful symbol.
Birth is a process, connected to the life and desires of each individual mother.
Birth is a process.
Birth is a profound event in a woman's life.
Birth is a relief from intrauterine boredom.
Birth is a result of created new field forces by the individual.
Birth is a rolling stone of change.
Birth is a sacred event.
Birth is a sexual act, and often having sex in labor helps facilitate the process.
Birth is a sexual act.
Birth is a sexual experience.
Birth is a sleep and a forgetting.
Birth is a special moment in the parent-child relationship, but it is only one moment.
Birth is a symbol of awakening, emerging, changing, and new beginnings.
Birth is a universal experience, yet the way birth is treated is by no means universal.
Birth is a very painful process.
Birth is a wet experience for all present .
Birth is a wonderful mystery to little ones.
Birth is about families being born together.
Birth is about women and their families and involves so much more than medical knowledge.
Birth is about women giving birth in dignity, with as little interference as possible.
Birth is accidental, birth determines nothing.
Birth is actually a transition from one form of life to another.
Birth is also barbaric.
Birth is also the ultimate act of reproduction.
Birth is always a miracle.
Birth is an exile from a state of comfortable dependence into the uncertainties of the world.
Birth is an extension of our sexuality and is meant to be pleasurable.
Birth is an extraordinary yet everyday event.
Birth is an important event to the Walbiri because infant mortality rates are so high.
Birth is an incredible experience of enormous proportions.
Birth is an individual experience and expression of self.
Birth is an unpredictable event.
Birth is arrival .
Birth is as safe as life gets.
Birth is automatic, and happens when it happens.
Birth is beauty and giving, love and dignity.
Birth is birth.
Birth is both the cause and the cure for man s sin.
Birth is caused by desires and actions, and birth becomes the cause of further desires and actions.
Birth is created to reenter physical.
Birth is dangerous.
Birth is determined by previous acts.
Birth is easier if the baby's head presents itself first into the vagina.
Birth is famous for dishing up the unexpected.
Birth is followed by change and decay and death and rebirth.
Birth is good.
Birth is ill, decay is ill, sickness is ill, death is ill.
Birth is imminent.
Birth is indeed a miracle and so is life.
Birth is indeed a sacred event.
Birth is less a journey by far, a tiny voyage, a maiden flight.
Birth is like the death and rebirth of the mother.
Birth is like waking up.
Birth is misery.
Birth is more than a physical or medical event.
Birth is much, But breeding is more. .
Birth is much, but breeding is more.
Birth is nature's way.
Birth is no entitlement.
Birth is no exception.
Birth is normal, natural, and healthy.
Birth is nothing but somewhere else a death.
Birth is often painful, but the start of the learning process.
Birth is often the occasion of prophecy.
Birth is one of the most stressful events of our lives.
Birth is our ticket to life's journey.
Birth is pain.
Birth is painful and so is death.
Birth is plenty high without such foolishness.
Birth is primitive and human, the final product of the human reproductive system.
Birth is really a supremely complicated exercise in mental maneuvering and energy revibration.
Birth is represented by an O synchronized swimming team.
Birth is right, death is right.
Birth is sacred and babies are our future.
Birth is sacred.
Birth is seen as a formative experience for both mother and child.
Birth is so empowering and special.
Birth is something else.
Birth is Spring's joyous experession of new life, a promise of re-birth.
Birth is suffering, old age is suffering, sickness and death are sufferings.
Birth is supposed to be a beautiful experience.
Birth is supposed to be an unforgettable experience.
Birth is the arising of the psycho-physical phenomena.
Birth is the beginning of a life.
Birth is the beginning of it all, ground zero, the moment from which the clock starts ticking.
Birth is the defining moment of our lives.
Birth is the moment in which one's life appears as both gift and call.
Birth is the most important biological event in the life of any human being.
Birth is the most important point in the history of any human being.
Birth is the point at which the fetus becomes an actual human being in the legal sense of that term.
Birth is the problem for the atheist.
Birth is the process by which the fetus is expelled from the uterus.
Birth is the start.
Birth is the ultimate sexual act of a woman.
Birth is the ultimate woman maker.
Birth is to be celebrated.
Birth is very democratic, because it is an accident.
Birth is very, very safe.
Birth is violent, whether it be the birth of a child or the birth of an idea.
Birth isa quantity.
Birth lasts a lifetime.
Birth marks a critical point for both infant and mother.
Birth marks a new start, linked to all the lives and relationships that went before it.
Birth needs love.
Birth needs trust.
Birth occurs in a den, cave, or a shelter beneath boulders.
Birth occurs in deep crevices and cavities under rocks or in decayed logs or stumps.
Birth occurs in nests made by the females.
Birth occurs in spring.
Birth occurs primarily in winter and in early spring in warm waters.
Birth occurs with the female in supine position, over the course of a few minutes.
Birth precedes death, and death, on the other hand, precedes birth.
Birth protect around no bread hence flash climbing.
Birth records throughout time demonstrate that births of males and females are about equal.
Birth refers to something having formerly been nonexistent now coming into existence.
Birth renews from death.
Birth renews spirits and generates hope.
Birth represents the ultimate revelation of that which is hidden.
Birth starts by the muscles of uterus starting to contract.
Birth takes place away from the family.
Birth takes place generally away from the sight of predators, in places like a thicket.
Birth takes place in isolation and the precocial young can stand and walk shortly after birth.
Birth takes place near the surface also, but more about that later.
Birth then enters the third stage, the delivery of the afterbirth .
Birth typically occurs at about weeks after fertilization.
Birth When born, a child's bones are supple.
Birth Works focuses on childbirth from an emotional perspective.
Births are beginnings.
Births are more likely to occur in India or Africa than in China or the United States.
Births are part of human experience.
Births are part of life.
Births are people.
Births are rare, and mothers often abandon or even cannibalize their young.
Births are the main component of population growth.
Births are typically of a single young, but twins are known to occur.
Births are usually in the evening.
Births are usually single, although, as with humans, twin births do also occur from time to time.
Births are usually twins.
Births are wonderful and significant events.
Births can occur as early as five days before the official due date.
Births can occur at any time of year but are most common in the late spring.
Births can occur at any time throughout the year.
Births can occur in a cave, a rocky crevice or dense vegetation.
Births can occur in any month.
Births give the names of the child and the parents together with the birth date.
Births go unnoticed.
Births happen when they happen.
Births invariably occur at first light.
Births is determined by multiplying Population by birth.fraction.
Births is the last and toughest to tackle.
Births narrowly exceed losses due to deaths and out-migration.
Births normally take place in areas with short grass when the cow is in the lying position.
Births occur at any time, with the single young being born between spring and autumn.
Births occur during all months of the year with a slight drop during winter months.
Births occur during rainy season when food is plentiful.
Births occur in mid-winter, after a pregnancy of ten months.
Births occur in Northern Europe during summer, the Mediterranean during winter.
Births occur in the spring.
Births occur throughout the year in equatorial Africa, peaking in wet seasons elsewhere.
Births occur throughout the year, with a peak in the summer.
Births outnumber deaths two to one.
Births probably occur most often in the water.
Births replace migration as main force in population growth.
Births run as soon as possible, space permitting.
Births run Sundays.
Births take place all year.
Births take place both in women's homes and in the cllinic.
Births take place in a den.
Births take place in dense vegetation.
Births take place in thickets, unlike wildebeest, which give birth in groups on the plains.
Births tend to peak during summer.
Births typically occur during the rainy season.
Birth usually occurs during the warm spring and summer months.
Birth usually occurs in the morning and the babies, known as kits, are born a few minutes apart.
Birth usually occurs shortly after the outer water bag ruptures.
Birth usually takes place in the morning hours.
Births usually occur at anytime of the year, but are most common in the late spring.
Births usually occur at night, any time of the year and every four years or so.
Births usually occur in a crevice.
Births usually occur in dense forest cover to hide the newborn fawn.
Births usually occur in months of heavy rainfall, but can occur year-round.
Births usually occur in the morning.
Births usually occur in the spring or the fall.
Births usually peak in the dry season.
Births usually take place during the spring and summer, one or sometimes two young are born.
Births usually take place in a nearby hospital.
All birth is such a miracle.
All birth takes place in a moment.
All births are big events.
All births are irreplaceable and immeasurably important life events for all participants.
Any birth is a miracle, but life has both a beginning and an ending.
Any birth is a miracle.
Every birth chart outlines both challenges and strengths.
Every birth is a condensation, every death a dispersal.
Every birth is a sacred and unique event.
Every birth is a special event.
Every birth is about new possibility.
Every birth is absolutely different from any other.
Every birth is carried out in darkness, in secret, hidden from the indiscreet.
Every birth is different and each phase can take widely varying amounts of time.
Every birth is different.
Every birth is in some way a miracle, albeit the most common of all.
Every birth is special.
Every birth is unique and different from all others.
Every birth is unique.
Many births are from unmarried single women, often teenagers.
Many births are much shorter in duration.
Many births are necessary to guarantee survival of some to adulthood.
Most birth occur during daylight hours.
Most births are in the spring.
Most births are normal, healthy and uncomplicated.
Most births are out of wedlock.
Most births are twins with the occasional set of triplets.
Most births are twins, although triplet and quadruplet births sometimes occur.
Most births are without incidence, and are extremely rewarding to everyone concerned.
Most births happen during the dry season .
Most births happen during the dry season.
Most births occur during daylight hours and require no human assistance.
Most births occur during the peak of the rainy season.
Most births occur during the wet season when food resources are in abundance.
Most births occur in the daylight hours.
Most births produce a single offspring, but twins are born one out of every six or seven births.
Most births tend to take place around dawn or dusk, which is when guinea pigs are most active.
Some birth defects cause damage.
Some births appear to be recorded more than once with different register references.
Some births are part of lifespans.
Some births are part of lifetimes.
A birthday cake is a cake
Birthday cake is presented on a silver tray.
Birthday cakes are cakes.
Birthday cakes are easily available from supermarkets and bakeries.
Birthday cakes can be cheese cake.
Some birthday cakes cause pain.
A birthday card is a greeting card
Birthday cards are always available, and holiday cards at the appropriate season.
Birthday girls rock the party.
A birthday party is a party
Birthday parties are a blast at Santa's Workshop.
Birthday parties are a common occurrence.
Birthday parties are a family affair in Brazil, for all ages to mingle, from babies to grandmas.
Birthday parties are a good example of fires used for a celebration.
Birthday parties are a good example.
Birthday parties are a lot of fun.
Birthday parties are albums.
Birthday parties are also available.
Birthday parties are also welcome.
Birthday parties are always for about two hours.
Birthday parties are always really great.
Birthday parties are available also.
Birthday parties are available.
Birthday parties are big here.
Birthday parties are great here and groups are also welcome.
Birthday parties are important in both cultures.
Birthday parties are located in parks.
Birthday parties are our speciality.
Birthday parties are particularly popular.
Birthday parties are parties.
Birthday parties are physical events.
Birthday parties are real good.
Birthday parties are really fun under our party tent.
Birthday parties are really fun.
Birthday parties are socials.
Birthday parties are very popular and dates often book up six to eight months in advance.
Birthday parties are welcome.
Birthday parties can be a challenge to a child with a food allergy.
Birthday parties can be a problem for the vegan child.
Birthday parties can be such a hassle.
Birthday parties have a further benefit in appealing to first-time visitors.
Birthday parties have such positive associations.
Birthday parties mark the division between being young and being older.
Birthday parties take precedence over cyclocross races without a second thought.
Birthday parties use carrot cakes.
Birthday party clowns aren t even show business, they re baby-sitters in big shoes.
A birthday suit is nakedness
Birthday suit looks good on monkeys too.
Birthday suits are, after all, just birthday suits.
Many birthday traditions deal with luck.
Birthday wishes do come true.
A birthday is an anniversary
Birthday drawing - Each month a drawing is held.
Birthday facts keepsakes and homebirth kits.
Birthday is a day to celebrate that the person has lived a certain number of years.
Birthday is a triptych.
Birthday isa anniversary.
Birthday specifies a date type.
Birthday wishes from the band, too.
Birthday wishes, sweet nothings, congratulations and more.
Birthdays are a bad choice.
Birthdays are a big deal at our office.
Birthdays are a big deal for girls.
Birthdays are a big deal there, too, with group singing, balloons and prizes all around.
Birthdays are a great time to make the honored guest feel special and loved.
Birthdays are a special time in our programs.
Birthdays are a special time to honor our staff.
Birthdays are a special time.
Birthdays are a time for joy and celebration.
Birthdays are a very important occassion in Hawai'i, especially a baby's first birthday.
Birthdays are a way back to childhood.
Birthdays are about starting over and putting new numbers on the board.
Birthdays are also very important in childhood.
Birthdays are always fun on the Farm and weddings in the Schoolhouse are treasured memories.
Birthdays are always the most important days in our children's lives.
Birthdays are an exciting time in the life of a young child.
Birthdays are anniversaries.
Birthdays are annual events.
Birthdays are another observance that most people seem to blow way out of proportion.
Birthdays are big.
Birthdays are celebration.
Birthdays are celebrations filled with joy and laughter.
Birthdays are cool.
Birthdays are dates.
Birthdays are days of joy and happiness everywhere.
Birthdays are easy to decode.
Birthdays are great make-over days.
Birthdays are great times for astrological tune-ups.
Birthdays are happy time.
Birthdays are holidays.
Birthdays are important events in children's lives.
Birthdays are like other holidays, but worse.
Birthdays are like poison cupcakes.
Birthdays are nice as well.
Birthdays are of no importance to a rational being.
Birthdays are often the time for reflection, and that night was no exception.
Birthdays are our business.
Birthdays are special and can be celebrated at school.
Birthdays are special days to children.
Birthdays are special in our Kingdom.
Birthdays are special occasions for young children.
Birthdays are special, especially for our younger charges.
Birthdays are special.
Birthdays are still hard.
Birthdays are such momentous occasions in a young child's life.
Birthdays are the next in line, followed quite closely by ordinary, everyday sort of gift giving.
Birthdays are very important.
Birthdays are very significant so it was easy to feel swayed by an arbitrary number.
Birthdays assume importance in proportion to the importance of the thing enjoying the birthday.
Birthdays belong to free institutions.
Birthdays bring good luck.
Birthdays can be an extremely emotional time for preemie parents.
Birthdays can be memorable affairs without becoming second jobs.
Birthdays cause a desire to buys.
Birthdays cause institutions as well as people to reflect.
Birthdays cause parties.
Birthdays come and go So many overflow into the many lives of relatives.
Birthdays come but once a year, Marking time as Death draws near, Happy Birthday.
Birthdays eventually come to be associated with declining abilities and skills.
Birthdays Find out whose birthday it is today.
Birthdays have cakes.
Birthdays held in our house are always gluten-free.
Birthdays is currently under construction.
Birthdays make that possible.
Birthdays seem about nine months apart.
Birthdays show ages.
Birthdays tend to be a time of retrospection.
Every birthday is a blessing.
Every birthday is celebrated and many holidays are commemorated with decorations and festivities.
Every birthday now is even more special.
Some birthday cakes cause immense pain.
Some birthdays come in winter, Some birthdays come in spring.
Birthfather rights are subject to the state in which the baby is born.
Birthing centers are an indication of the trend toward natural, personalized childbirth.
Every birthing woman has a unique set of circumstances and personal beliefs.
A birthmark is a defect
Birthmark is also thankful.
Birthmarks appear on many babies.
Birthmarks are blemishs.
Birthmarks are characterization.
Birthmarks are colored skin spots that either are present at birth or develop shortly after birth.
Birthmarks are due to genetic causes.
Birthmarks can occur anywhere on the body, especially on the face and neck.
Birthmarks consist of various types of tissues which appear in the skin and are therefore visible.
Birthmarks even grow inside the body.
Birthmarks Learn about birthmarks.
Birthmarks often correspond to gunshot wounds, or wounds inflicted by other weapons.
Many birthmarks resolve spontaneously by the time a child is school age, but some are permanent.
Most birthmarks are harmless and many go away on their own in the first few years of life.
Most birthmarks are harmless.
Some birthmarks appear in the first few weeks of life.
A birthplace is a place
Birthplace is listed as New York.
Birthplace is listed as Springfield, Kentucky.
Birthplace is on the left.
Birthplace is unknown.
Birthplace isa place.
Birthplaces are beginnings.
A birthrate is a rate
Birthrates continue to fall because of dual family income.
Birthrates fall when a country becomes more stable economically.
Birthright citizenship keeps the promise of equal opportunity for immigrants.
A birthright is heritage
Birthright seeks aid.
A biryani is a dish
Biryanis are easy to carry along too.
Biryanis are elaborate rice dishes often made with meat, chicken or shrimp.
Biryanis are food.
Biryanis contain almond flakes.
A biscuit is quick bread
Biscuit isa bread.
Biscuits are a case in point.
Biscuits are also tasty snacks and can be used for training.
Biscuits are bad.
Biscuits are bread.
Biscuits are convenient.
Biscuits are food.
Biscuits are generally quick breads made with a leavening agent such as baking powder.
Biscuits are homemade.
Biscuits are located in ovens.
Biscuits are on the heels of bagels, dinner rolls and pizza bread as leading sellers.
Biscuits are quick bread.
Biscuits are quite strong but a pain to clamp up.
Biscuits are really no mystery at all.
Biscuits are shortbreads.
Biscuits are solid objects.
Biscuits are the sweet food most commonly eaten by children.
Biscuits become light and flaky from shortening or butter.
Biscuits come in a variety of tastes and flavors.
Biscuits contain vitamins.
Biscuits have equivalent strength, but are easier to align at assembly.
Biscuits increase the gluing surface, and that's beneficial in achieving a stronger joint.
Biscuits make a much better base for strawberry shortcake desserts.
Biscuits make from grain wheat.
Biscuits make from wheat.
Biscuits Melt the butter in a saucepan.
Biscuits represent the main part of the total production in most countries.
Biscuits sit on the counter undisturbed and a seal carcass hangs from the wall.
Biscuits using sesame are another preparation.
Most biscuits contain vitamins.
Most biscuits make from grain wheat.
Most biscuits make from wheat.
Some biscuits contain water.
Some biscuits require considerable time.
Some biscuits require time.
Biscuitville restaurant offers some of the best biscuits in the world.
Bisection is division
Bisection is reliable but slow in reaching high accuracy.
Bisetoon mountain is very high and lofty so much so that it is impossible to climb to the top of it.
Bisexual artist has affairs with gay man and a woman.
Bisexual conferences are THE event in the life of our community.
Bisexual encounters are also out, as are scenes involving transsexuals.
Bisexual flowers produce small samaras .
Bisexual girl seeks bi-curious, upper class woman.
Bisexual men are a unique demographic.
Bisexual people are basically heterosexuals who are just experimenting.
Bisexual people are extremely diverse.
Bisexual people are more promiscuous than heterosexual or gay and lesbian people.
Bisexual people can choose to be straight.
Bisexual people have the potential to fall in love with either sex.
Bisexual people identify as bisexual.
Many bisexual people have long-term partners of the same gender or the other gender.
Some bisexual people love men and women the same and some love one more than the other.
A bisexual person is a sensualist
Bisexual persons are also able to have loving relationships with opposite sex partners.
Bisexual persons seem to be somewhat equally drawn to members of both sexes.
Bisexual plants produce small to medium elongated fruit of good quality and a smaller seed cavity.
Most bisexual porn is made by small companies rather than the major studios .
Most bisexual porn is made by small companies rather than the major studios.
Bisexual pornography is separate from threesome pornography , which shows one man and two women .
Bisexual pornography is separate from threesome pornography, which shows one man and two women.
Bisexual women are nothing to fear.
Bisexual women face the plague of biphobia too.
Bisexual women have higher rates of sexual assault than lesbians and heterosexual women.
Bisexual women welcome.
All bisexual woman are welcome.
Some bisexual youth are able to come out to their families.
A bisexual is a sensualist
Bisexuals are an increasingly visible presence within a variety of political movements.
Bisexuals are as capable as anyone of making long-term relationship commitments.
Bisexuals are attracted to both genders and asexuals are attracted to neither.
Bisexuals are confused.
Bisexuals are everywhere.
Bisexuals are humans.
Bisexuals are immature.
Bisexuals are in many ways a hidden population.
Bisexuals are no more or less promiscuous than any other group.
Bisexuals are one such group.
Bisexuals are people who are attracted to more than one sex.
Bisexuals are people with significant attractions to both genders.
Bisexuals are persons whose partners can include both sexes.
Bisexuals are probably the least understood of the queer groups.
Bisexuals are promiscuous hypersexual swingers who are attracted to every woman and man they meet.
Bisexuals are promiscuous.
Bisexuals are shallow, narcissistic, untrustworthy, hedonistic, and immoral.
Bisexuals are unreliable partners in intimate relationships.
Bisexuals are unreliable.
Bisexuals can and do form monogamous relationships.
Bisexuals can be monogamous or non-monogamous.
Bisexuals can be perfectly happy in a monogynous relationship.
Bisexuals can choose to identify as either gay, lesbian or straight.
Bisexuals can go either way with equal satisfaction.
Bisexuals come from all social, economic, and cultural strata.
Bisexuals come in all shapes and sizes, from all occupations, and with all levels of education.
Bisexuals go from authentic, passionate love to suicidal sexual wandering.
Bisexuals have feelings for people of their own sex as well as for people of the other sex.
Bisexuals have more lee-way there.
Bisexuals have to like both men and women equally.
Bisexuals largely go unnoticed for numerous reasons.
Bisexuals live a variety of lifestyles, as do gays, lesbians and heterosexuals.
Bisexuals live a variety of lifestyles, as do heterosexuals.
Bisexuals spread disease no more than gay and straight people do.
Bisexuals suffer from discrimination and violence, just like gays and lesbians.
Many bisexuals remain celibate.
Most bisexuals are absolutely clear about their sexual orientation.
Some bisexuals have more sexual feelings for one sex than for the other sex.
Some bisexuals tend to love men, others tend to love women, and others love both equally.
A bisexuality is sex
Bisexualities are sexual activities.
Bisexualities are sexual orientations.
Bisexualities contains no break-thrus of thought or science.
Bisexuality brings the problems of being gay, and then some.
Bisexuality can be very complicated.
Bisexuality challenges the sacrifices they have made.
Bisexuality goes beyond dualism to imagine a multiple subject.
Bisexuality has different meanings for different people.
Bisexuality has many stereotypes, as all minority groups have.
Bisexuality is a choice.
Bisexuality is a political cop-out.
Bisexuality is a sexual orientation, just as gay, lesbian, and heterosexual are sexual orientations.
Bisexuality is a sexual orientation.
Bisexuality is a third sexual orientation.
Bisexuality is a trend.
Bisexuality is a very common experience with very common feelings.
Bisexuality is a whole, fluid identity.
Bisexuality is as old as time.
Bisexuality is far less common for men than for women.
Bisexuality is kind of a nebulous term.
Bisexuality is manifested in many different ways in our culture.
Bisexuality is many things.
Bisexuality is quite common.
Bisexuality is romantic or sexual attraction to males and females.
Bisexuality is such a naff term.
Bisexuality is the ability to love free of gender bias.
Bisexuality is the desire to participate in sexual acts with people of both genders.
Bisexuality is the straggling Independent party in national sexual politics.
Bisexuality is the wild card of our erotic life.
Bisexuality is where sexual preference is for either or both sexes.
Bisexuality means an emotional and physical attraction to both men and women.
Bisexuality means having concurrent lovers of both sexes.
Bisexuality only is a transition phase for people coming out as gay or lesbian.
Bisexuality simply means that an individual is attracted to both men and women.
Bishop Creek is a great place to see fall colors and fish for wild browns and some planted rainbows.
Bishop Creek is an idyllic place for families and anglers.
Bishop pine is a pinyon
Bishop pine seems to be a disturbance adapted tree.
Bishop tuff can be white through tan and pink to reddish brown.
A bishop is a priest
Bishop answers with conviction.
Bishop calls for cheaper drugs.
Bishop calls it one of two movies that gamers relate to more than any others.
Bishop counsels corporate clients when it's time to tell workers.
Bishop derives a lot of varied pleasures from riding mountain bikes.
Bishop enjoys being on the run for several reasons.
Bishop offers leaders a new way of assessing talent.
Bishop spoons it up, then tops it with raw chopped onion and hot sauce.
Bishop takes a bath over care for aged Schools have mottos.
Bishop takes each vegetable alphabetically and makes it approachable.
Bishop teaches vulnerability analysis as a tactical struggle against conventional thinking.
Bishops alone have the power to ordain to major orders.
Bishops also wear a ring.
Bishops appeal to end death penalty South Dakota Bishops join national appeal to end death penalty.
Bishops approve special message on Middle East .
Bishops are always great when there is a moving pawn pair, or three connected pawns.
Bishops are always on opposite colors.
Bishops are busy men.
Bishops are chess pieces.
Bishops are chessmans.
Bishops are clergymans.
Bishops are each the leaders of a region about the size of a city.
Bishops are key in the renewal of our denomination.
Bishops are located in cathedrals.
Bishops are located in chess sets.
Bishops are located in churchs.
Bishops are missionaries.
Bishops are often in a unique spot to offer such encouragement.
Bishops are often part of the problem.
Bishops are part of chess.
Bishops are pastors who serve a number of congregations in a geographical area.
Bishops are pieces.
Bishops are priests.
Bishops are responsible for investigating stigmata in their diocese.
Bishops are silent.
Bishops are sometimes too quick to give definitive pronouncements on scientific affairs.
Bishops are superior to priests and have power to confirm and ordain.
Bishops are the chief teachers of the faith.
Bishops are the embodiment of Apostolic succession.
Bishops are the primary clergy, administering all sacraments and governing the church.
Bishops are the successors of the apostles.
Bishops are to be prophetic voices and courageous leaders in the cause of justice for all people.
Bishops are to hold provincial councils twice a year.
Bishops are unable to cross the river.
Bishops are used for chess.
Bishops are used for kill.
Bishops are used for religion.
Bishops are very close to their people.
Bishops are weapons.
Bishops believe otherwise.
Bishops bounce off the walls.
Bishops can do only so much.
Bishops can move any number of spaces to capture opposing pieces.
Bishops can set up for their own use a private chapel which enjoys the same rights as an oratory.
Bishops come from many cultures, many occupations.
Bishops do the ordaining.
Bishops exercise it.
Bishops exercise their responsibility to teach in a variety of ways.
Bishops find that archdeacons are very useful.
Bishops get tough American Catholic bishops are taking a harder line on abortion.
Bishops happen .
Bishops hate to learn something from somebody else.
Bishops have more power than priests, priests rank higher than deacons.
Bishops have no such academic qualifications.
Bishops have registered reactions to lesbigays in five bellwether votes.
Bishops have to talk in public.
Bishops is a college located in Cape Town South Africa.
Bishops meet together to guide the church.
Bishops move diagonally.
Bishops move in such a way that they always stay on the same colour.
Bishops move one square diagonally.
Bishops normally assign deacons to special responsibility for mercy and justice.
Bishops officiate in vestments of oriental character, that is in gold and silver.
Bishops only can go diagonally.
Bishops prepare speeches, called interventions, which are comments on the working document.
Bishops publish first pastoral letter on Catholic higher education.
Bishops rely on priests along with the laity to suggest necessary pastoral initiatives.
Bishops rush off to their meetings.
Bishops still dominate the council.
Bishops support the boldest and most aggressive efforts to reach the unconverted.
Bishops talk about unity, and, oddly enough, they all say about the same thing.
Bishops talk of setting up African institutes to study and foster inculturation.
Bishops tend to meet regularly according to the organization of the Roman provinces.
Bishops urge the government to insure free and fair elections in Zimbabwe.
Bishops walk in fear.
Bishops warn over plan to fine carriers of illegal migrants .
Bishops wear a mitre and carrys a pastoral staff.
Bishops wear the stole hanging straight down.
Bishops often have clergy staff members with particular jobs that have traditional titles.
Bishops sometimes wear a special head covering called a mitre .
Bishops sometimes wear a special head covering called a mitre.
Bishops sometimes wear a special headcovering called a mitre.
Bishops usually complain that the harvest is indeed great, but the laborers are few.
Bishops usually wear a black or a red robe with a red belt.
Every bishop is a thing out of which it is very hard to get anything.
Every bishop remains a member of the order of elders.
Many bishops appear to be equally pleased to be independent of Mother Angelica.
More bishops are attorneys than non-attorneys.
Most bishops are auxiliary bishops before they become diocesan bishops.
Most bishops seem to love having deacons serve in marriage formation programs.
Some bishops have more than one conference under their supervision.
Some bishops interpret that as binding, while others view it only as a recommendation.
Some bishops oppose legislation protecting our civil rights.
Bismuth poisoning exists and mostly affects the kidney, liver, and bladder.
Bismuth salts have broad spectrum anti-biotic properties.
All bismuth salts form insoluble compounds when put into water.
Bismuth telluride is a semiconductor and an excellent thermoelectric material.
Bismuth telluride is used in electronic thermometers.
Bismuth trioxide is insoluble in water.
Bismuth trioxide is used in varistors and dielectric powders for multilayer capacitors.
A bismuth is metal
Bismuth acts very much like lead in many respects.
Bismuth combines slowly with oxygen at room temperature.
Bismuth expands on solidification.
Bismuth forms fascinating patterns when it crystallizes and is heavier than lead.
Bismuth reacts with sulfur when molten as well.
Bismuths are chemical elements.
Bismuths are metallic elements.
Bismuths are minerals.
Bison bulls weigh pounds.
Bison calves become parents.
Bison cows have calves.
Bison cows weigh pounds.
A bison is a bovid
Bison appear in regions.
Bison appear slow and awkward, but can outrun and easily outmaneuver most horses.
Bison are about six feet tall.
Bison are among the animals that crossed the Bering Strait at about the same time as the Mammoths.
Bison are back and stampeding across the the northern Plains.
Bison are big, powerful creatures.
Bison are brown and black.
Bison are brown.
Bison are efficient grazers taking little time to meet their intake when on good pasture.
Bison are famous for traveling in large herds across the plains in a stampede.
Bison are grazers and feed on grasses, forbs, and sedges.
Bison are grazers who prefer young tender grasses and eat few forbs, such as wildflowers.
Bison are grazers.
Bison are gregarious and live in herds whose range includes grasslands and open woodlands.
Bison are huge strong animals.
Bison are index animals to the prairie.
Bison are integral and active members of an entire landscape, the prairie.
Bison are key in altering the function and structure of tallgrass prairie at multiple scales.
Bison are known as buffalo.
Bison are larger than beef cattle.
Bison are larger, more massive with short upward curving horns.
Bison are located on continents.
Bison are located on ground.
Bison are mainly brownish-black.
Bison are mammals.
Bison are migratory animals by nature and have seasonal movement patterns.
Bison are migratory animals by nature.
Bison are migratory.
Bison are more dangerous than they appear.
Bison are most active in the cool early morning or late afternoon hours.
Bison are much more nervous and excitable in close quarters.
Bison are native food animals which process North American grasses more efficiently than cattle.
Bison are no exception.
Bison are ordinarily mild-mannered, but can be aggressive.
Bison are prairie grazers, and much of their native land has been developed.
Bison are ruminants.
Bison are social animals and live in herds.
Bison are strictly herbivores.
Bison are such majestic creatures.
Bison are surprisingly fast and agile.
Bison are susceptible to tuberculosis, anthrax, and brucellosis.
Bison are tall and heavy.
Bison are unmistakable.
Bison are unpredictable and dangerous.
Bison are unpredictable and surly.
Bison are very hardy, requiring no shade in the summer or shelter in the winter.
Bison are very large mammals.
Bison are very tough animals.
Bison are very unpredictable, and have even been known to charge vehicles.
Bison are visible most of the year.
Bison are wild animals and are dangerous if provoked.
Bison are wild animals even when found on private ranches.
Bison belong to families.
Bison can be taller than a teacher.
Bison consume grass.
Bison contain hormones.
Bison contains high levels of minerals and vitamins.
Bison continue to graze through the winter by rooting under the snow.
Bison cooks faster than beef.
Bison cross creeks.
Bison cross pasture.
Bison descend from bison.
Bison digest food.
Bison do well on a wide variety of grasses and most native grassed in the United States and Canada.
Bison dominate regions.
Bison dominate the room.
Bison eat and digest their food in a very unique way.
Bison eat grass and are vegetarians.
Bison eat grass as the greatest percentage of their daily diet.
Bison eat grass, small plants and shrubs.
Bison eat grass.
Bison eat grass.
Bison eat leaves.
Bison eat nutritious grass.
Bison eat plants.
Bison eat twigs.
Bison exhibit behavior.
Bison exhibit odd behavior.
Bison explore habitats.
Bison feed in fields.
Bison feed mostly on grass.
Bison feed on grass.
Bison find food.
Bison forage in areas.
Bison get nutrition.
Bison give birth to bison.
Bison go through a fence.
Bison graze areas.
Bison graze grass.
Bison graze in fields.
Bison graze in meadows.
Bison graze in pasture.
Bison has-part feet.
Bison has-part glands.
Bison has-part legs.
Bison has-part spines.
Bison has-part teeth.
Bison has-part tongues.
Bison have (part) brains.
Bison have (part) breasts.
Bison have (part) cannon bones.
Bison have (part) cell membranes.
Bison have (part) cells.
Bison have (part) chest cavities.
Bison have (part) chests.
Bison have (part) corpi.
Bison have (part) cytoplasm.
Bison have (part) ears.
Bison have (part) faces.
Bison have (part) heads.
Bison have (part) hip sockets.
Bison have (part) hoofs.
Bison have (part) nuclei.
Bison have (part) piluses.
Bison have (part) plasma membranes.
Bison have (part) rib cages.
Bison have (part) second stomachs.
Bison have (part) sections.
Bison have (part) skulls.
Bison have (part) sterna.
Bison have (part) vacuoles.
Bison have appearances.
Bison have broad heads with horns, humped shoulders, and thin limbs.
Bison have close ties to people.
Bison have diets.
Bison have different flavor.
Bison have few natural predators.
Bison have flavor.
Bison have fur.
Bison have horns that are a foot long, and curve strongly upward.
Bison have horns that curve upward.
Bison have horns.
Bison have horns.
Bison have natural predators.
Bison have opportunity.
Bison have predators.
Bison have ribs.
Bison have similar appearances.
Bison have vertebrae.
Bison hides covered sweat lodges that faced towards an ancient bison skull.
Bison impacts on woody draws.
Bison inhabit areas.
Bison is in Sec.
Bison is low in fat and cholesterol and is high in protein, vitamins and minerals.
Bison is low in fat compared with some other meat, poultry and pork choices.
Bison is low in fat, and cholesterol, and is high in protein, vitamins and minerals.
Bison is low in fat, calories and cholesterol, and is delicious.
Bison is much leaner than beef.
Bison is upward compatible with yacc, but has more features.
Bison isa ungulate.
Bison like to graze on the young tender grass shoots that grow in the aftermath of a burn.
Bison live in a variety of groups.
Bison live in continents.
Bison live in environments.
Bison live in grassland.
Bison live in groups.
Bison live in habitats.
Bison live in herds, which used to number in the millions.
Bison live in herds.
Bison live in landscapes.
Bison live in locations.
Bison live in parks.
Bison live in regions.
Bison live in the North American prairies and plains and buffalo live in Africa.
Bison live in the northern part of the world .
Bison live in the northern part of the world.
Bison live on continents.
Bison live on grassland.
Bison live on grasslands, prairies and in the Rocky Mountains.
Bison live on the continent of North America whereas buffalo live on the continent of Africa.
Bison live only in parks and reserves.
Bison live only in parks, reserves and private collections.
Bison love food.
Bison manages to avert the ancient prophecy and defeat 'The Soul Consuming Darkness'.
Bison mature at three years old.
Bison mature in about two years and have an average life span of about twenty years.
Bison migrate in springs.
Bison migrate to environments.
Bison migrate to pasture.
Bison migrate to water.
Bison move from places.
Bison move slowly while feeding and appear to be quite clumsy.
Bison occur in groups.
Bison occur in habitats.
Bison occur in pasture.
Bison possess bodies.
Bison possess hair.
Bison possess manes.
Bison possess ribs.
Bison prefer grass.
Bison prefer grassland.
Bison present a unique management situation.
Bison provide meat.
Bison reach height.
Bison reach maturity.
Bison reach maximum height.
Bison reach sexual maturity.
Bison receive food.
Bison require grass.
Bison resemble cattle.
Bison returns on today's market as a lean red meat source.
Bison roam environments.
Bison roam fields.
Bison roam forests.
Bison roam grassland.
Bison roam ground.
Bison roam groups.
Bison roam hillsides.
Bison roam north america grassland.
Bison roam pasture.
Bison roam patches.
Bison roam places.
Bison roam prairie.
Bison roam regions.
Bison roam valleys.
Bison roam woodlands.
Bison share environments.
Bison share ground.
Bison share habitats.
Bison share regions.
Bison shed hair.
Bison show strong site preferences but also sampled the entire available site.
Bison spend less time grazing in summer than beef cattle and do virtually no nighttime grazing.
Bison stand motionless around steaming, thermal pools.
Bison stand on legs.
Bison suffer very little from predation.
Bison survive to adulthood.
Bison swallow food.
Bison tend to heavily use open, flat areas at that time.
Bison tend to remain in a home range, although they often move between seasonal ranges.
Bison thrive in grassland.
Bison thrive in groups.
Bison thrive in habitats.
Bison thrive in most North American landscapes with no ill effects.
Bison thrive in Yellowstone National Park and the Western plains.
Bison use heads.
Bison use horns.
Bison use their heads, horns, and powerful necks to clear away the snow that covers the food supply.
Bison want food.
Bisons also feed on berries, acorns and other small fruits.
Bisons are animals.
Bisons are herbivores that typically feed on grass and live in herds in grass plains and forests.
Bisons are known to live in plains, prairies and river valleys.
Bisons are large herbivores which generally appear to be sluggish, lazy and peaceful.
Bisons are large, strong and healthy animals.
Bisons are mammals.
Bisons are naturally lazy.
Bisons are the largest cows in the world.
Bisons are thought to be distant relatives of water buffaloes.
Bisons are wild animals who engage in their own peculiar grooming activities.
Bisons break ribs when they butt each others' flanks during fights.
Bisons is bisons.
Bisons tie school record with six doubles in a game.
Bisons win their first nine inning game of the year.
All bison are a dark brown on their more hairy front end, and a lighter brown in the back end.
All bison are horned, with their horns curving slightly out and up.
All bison have a protruding shoulder hump.
Many bison are still visible in most or all parts of the park.
Most bison appear in regions.
Most bison are known as buffalo.
Most bison are located on continents.
Most bison are located on ground.
Most bison belong to families.
Most bison contain hormones.
Most bison descend from bison.
Most bison eat grass.
Most bison eat nutritious grass.
Most bison eat plants.
Most bison eat twigs.
Most bison find food.
Most bison get nutrition.
Most bison give birth to bison.
Most bison has-part feet.
Most bison has-part glands.
Most bison has-part legs.
Most bison has-part spines.
Most bison has-part teeth.
Most bison has-part tongues.
Most bison have appearances.
Most bison have diets.
Most bison have different flavor.
Most bison have few natural predators.
Most bison have flavor.
Most bison have fur.
Most bison have horns.
Most bison have natural predators.
Most bison have opportunity.
Most bison have predators.
Most bison have similar appearances.
Most bison have vertebrae.
Most bison live in continents.
Most bison live in environments.
Most bison live in grassland.
Most bison live in groups.
Most bison live in habitats.
Most bison live in herds.
Most bison live in landscapes.
Most bison live in locations.
Most bison live in regions.
Most bison live in the Rocky Mountains west of the Mississippi river.
Most bison live on continents.
Most bison live on grassland.
Most bison move from places.
Most bison occur in groups.
Most bison occur in habitats.
Most bison occur in pasture.
Most bison possess hair.
Most bison possess manes.
Most bison prefer grass.
Most bison prefer grassland.
Most bison provide meat.
Most bison reach height.
Most bison reach maturity.
Most bison reach maximum height.
Most bison reach sexual maturity.
Most bison receive food.
Most bison require grass.
Most bison resemble cattle.
Most bison stand on legs.
Most bison survive to adulthood.
Most bison thrive in grassland.
Most bison thrive in groups.
Most bison thrive in habitats.
Some bison attract hunters.
Some bison avoid people.
Some bison become victims.
Some bison carry bacteria.
Some bison carry brucellosis, a disease that causes cows to abort their calves.
Some bison come from Canada.
Some bison destroy crops.
Some bison die of exhaustion.
Some bison die of heat exhaustion.
Some bison eat crops.
Some bison eat pasture.
Some bison have adults.
Some bison have requirements.
Some bison have short legs.
Some bison hear people.
Some bison hide in grass.
Some bison live in Canada.
Some bison live in mountains.
Some bison live in neighborhoods.
Some bison live in valleys.
Some bison live on ground.
Some bison live on regions.
Some bison occur in environments.
Some bison possess horns.
Some bison possess viruses.
Some bison prefer ground.
Some bison provide blood.
Some bison provide food.
Some bison provide meals.
Some bison remain in existence.
Some bison remain in zoos.
Some bison resemble buffalo.
Some bison resemble oxes.
Some bison serve as food.
Some bison thrive in grass.
Some bison thrive in pasture.
Some bison transmit tuberculosis.
Some bison wear antlers.
Bisphosphonate therapy is effective against glucocorticoid-induced bone loss.
Bisphosphonate treatment inhibits the growth of prostate cancer cells.
Bisquaternized derivatives can undergo facile single-electron transfer reactions.
Bisque pieces are most highly prized and much harder to identify for authenticity.
Bisque turn can immediately follow bisque turn.
A bisque is soup
Bisques are free turns awarded to the weaker player in handicap play.
BISS staff are available and willing to assist in resolving incompatibility problems as they arise.
Bissau is part of Africa.
Bissau isa thing.
A bistro is a restaurant
Bistro also offers catering, private room, private parties, gift certificates and much more.
Bistro automatically converts certain smilies to an image.
Bistro can cater for groups onm request.
Bistro conjures an image.
Bistro has a European atmosphere highlighted by two oversized stone fireplaces.
Bistro is a full service restaurant in the hotel.
Bistro is a one-stop electronic library.
Bistro is a restaurant, a bar and a movie pool.
Bistro is everyday china and elbows on the table and second helpings.
Bistro is the French term for small restaurant that serves wine.
Bistros are neighborhood places that serve hearty food.
Bistros are only part of the Chicago restaurant picture, though.
Bistros are restaurants.
Many bistros are small, where the owner also is the cook, but some are larger and more upmarket.
Most bistros are hectic and casual, places to get a quick but good meal.
Bisulfate ion has significant resonance as shown below.
Bit complexity counts the number of single operations required to complete an algorithm.
Bit decay knows no operating-system boundaries.
Bit density is measured around a track, and track density is radially measured.
Bit density is the reciprocal of bit pitch .
Bit density is the reciprocal of bit pitch.
Bit depth determines the precision of a scanner's tonal output.
Bit depth is a measure of how many different colors the scanner can distinguish.
Bit depth is a measurement of the number of bits of stored information per pixel.
Bit depth is a single-byte integer.
Bit depth is defined by the number of bits per pixel which display on a screen.
Bit depth is described next.
Bit depth is determined by the number of bits used to define each pixel representing the image.
Bit depth is in binary notation.
Bit depth is simply the number of bits that a single pixel generates.
Bit depth is the number of colors a scanner can capture.
Bit depth refers to the quantity of ones and zeros used in each sample.
Bit depth represents dynamic range in digital recordings.
Bit errors are a random noise problem in digital data.
Bit errors are most frequently at the beginning and the end of the image.
A bit field is a field
Bit fields can have any integral type.
Bit inversion applies only to calls between codecs.
Bit masks are the masks required to extract the samples representing the bands of the pixel.
Bits of information is located in newspapers.
Any bit of information helps.
Every bit of information helps.
Every bit of information is dealt with respect.
Every bit of information is still there with nothing lost.
A bit part is a role
Bit parts abound.
Any bit pattern is permitted, but ld and debuggers choke on silly bit patterns.
Bit rate describes a file's transmission speed.
Bit rate is adjustable.
Bit rate is all that matters.
Bit rate is one means used to define the amount of compression used on a video signal.
Bit rate refers to the speed at which the processor can read and process data from the disc.
Bit rate varies with time during the decoding of a compressed bitstream.
Bit reversal is best, but is slow to implement.
Bit streams are series of electrical pulses or bursts of light, depending on the physical media.
Bit test examines the value of a specified bit.
Bit Valley Grows Up.
Bit vectors are of type bit-vector .
Bit vectors store a single bit for every tuple in the relation.
A bit is an amount
Bit actually stands for B inary D igit.
Bit begin below whatever roof next do kathleen turner.
Bit contains a zero-based decimal value of the bit position.
Bit hit and miss with Unity.
Bit hit and miss, but essentially the design was achieved by accident.
Bit interleaving maintains the order and number of bits from end to end.
Bit is a binary unit of information.
Bit is a metal mouthpiece for controlling a horse on a bridle.
Bit is a unit of information, baud is a unit of signaling speed.
Bit is on if any of the walkers contain a following step.
Bit is on if the expression is a match pattern.
Bit is shaped like traditional Greek geometric depictions of horses.
Bit is short for binary digit , and is the smallest unit of information used by computers.
Bit is squirrely.
Bit is very active in community affairs.
Bit is was by no means the first European settlement in the New World.
Bit isa indefinite quantity.
Bit map - a technique for displaying computer images on a screen made up of pixels.
Bit mapped graphics are graphics that are stored in the form of a bitmap .
Bit mapped graphics are usually easier to work with.
Bit mapped graphics is great because no one can afford it, so their systems can be experimental.
Bit mapped graphics tend to create larger files than object oriented graphics.
Bit mapped graphics tend to get scaled in odd ways at the whim of the output device being used.
Bit pops out.
Bit refers to an electronic signal that can be on or off.
Bit satisfy beside a golf betting.
Bit spins on excess material and heats work piece.
Bit stuffing is undone.
Bit too log for a .sig though.
Bits aligned in specific patterns stand for characters.
Bits also allows programmers to manipulate bits in a value or convert values.
BITs also support the development of high-quality international law standards for investment.
Bits are a big improvement over atoms.
Bits are agnostic.
Bits are available for all wiring jobs where masonry is encountered.
Bits are beautiful in their simplicity.
Bits are bits indeed.
Bits are bits, and bandwidth is bandwidth.
Bits are bits, but services are easily distinguished from one another.
Bits are bits, no matter how they get to the receiver.
Bits are bits.
BITs are critical to our larger efforts to promote trade and protect U.S. investment overseas.
Bits are data.
Bits are easier than plastic.
Bits are easy to replicate and easy to put in multiple places.
Bits are electronic switches that make up a byte.
Bits are flexible.
Bits are fragments.
Bits are fun.
Bits are grand, and they represent an increasing percentage of the world economy.
Bits are in like new condition.
Bits are inherently copyable, easily and repeatedly.
Bits are just bits.
Bits are like drops, and kilobits are like gallons.
Bits are liquid.
Bits are part of bridles.
Bits are part of bytes.
Bits are part of drills.
Bits are part of keys.
Bits are parts.
Bits are physical switches that either hold a one or a zero a charge or no charge.
Bits are primary colours such as red, green and blue.
Bits are randomly copied from the first or from the second parent to the new offspring.
Bits are real, physical electronic things that get turned on and off.
Bits are smaller than bytes.
Bits are the basic language of the computer.
Bits are the biggest problem here.
Bits are the binary digits, representing 'on' or 'off' on which computers and the internet run.
Bits are the electronic pulses that make up the data being transmitted.
Bits are the fundamental units of information in a computer system.
Bits are the most basic and essential elements in digital transmission.
Bits are the ones and zeroes of digital information.
Bits are the smaller square shapes that make up the larger shape.
Bits are the smallest components of bytes .
Bits are the units that make up binary files.
Bits are tiny pieces of data.
Bits are to be cleaned as often as necessary.
Bits are units of measurement.
Bits are used for drilling.
Bits can be easier to change than atoms.
Bits can be sharpened on a diamond stone, only the flat part is sharpened.
Bits can range from a few seconds to as many as five or six minutes.
Bits come in various sizes and shapes for specific uses.
Bits come streaming down the line from a huge data cloud.
Bits correspond to all other pages are zero.
Bits corresponding to an n-tuple of variables determine a cube.
Bits flash to and fro between the computers to provide people with a huge variety of services.
Bits go in, and the same bits come out on the receiving end.
Bits have a no-frills website but they do have the games.
Bits have no inherent meaning.
Bits have no size, color or weight and can travel at the speed of light.
Bits is expensive.
Bits know logic.
Bits offer useful information on utilizing the Web and various kinds of software.
Bits pop in and out.
Bits relate the number of colors that a scanner can interpret or scan.
Bits returning a zero effectively define the memory requirements.
Bits start to hurt that have never been that cold before and it is very exhausting.
Bits store neatly in individual compartments.
Bits suit most popular jigs.
Bits Take a moment to see some information on bits and bitting.
Bits taste like wine.
Bits travel just as well over fiber, copper, or radio waves.
Bits traverse the same distance in a fourth of a second.
Bits work fast.
Bits usually come in sets of ten cards.
All bits are deep fluted to clear chips, quickly, and the shanks are stamped with the bit size.
All bits are initially false .
All bits are initially false.
All bits are initially zero.
All bits are valid.
All bits shift one place to the right except the rightmost bit which goes into the carry bit.
Any bit set to zero in the subnet mask blocks the number from appearing in the network address.
Every bit appears the same.
Every bit can do big things.
Every bit contains the essence of the whole.
Every bit counts toward putting a smile on a participant's face.
Every bit counts, when the morning displays The serious ratio of the given stars.
Every bit counts.
Every bit delivers success.
Every bit donated goes directly back into hardware, services, and network connectivity.
Every bit ends.
Every bit helps and every bit is needed.
Every bit helps the future.
Every bit helps to keep the price of the product down.
Every bit helps, as the start-up is fully self funded.
Every bit helps.
Every bit is a delight.
Every bit is a welcome addition and appreciated by other researchers.
Every bit is appreciated.
Every bit is cherished.
Every bit is gorgeous, Every bit is free.
Every bit is important.
Every bit is visible on all segments, including collisions.
Every bit makes a difference.
Every bit moves at a laid back, relaxed pace.
Every bit represents a block on the disk.
Every bit still carries one bit of pixel or control information.
Many bits consist of a straight bar, or a bar with some sort of port in the middle of it.
Many bits form a byte.
More bits allow for more colors.
More bits means larger rmd files but better sound quality.
More bits means more colors.
More bits means more information.
More bits provide little additional improvement.
Most bits act primarily on the tongue.
Most bits used in rotary drilling are roller cone bits, but diamond bits are also used extensively.
Some bit are free.
Some bits are annoying, others are enjoyable.
Some bits are cagey though.
Some bits are from the game, some from a dream.
Some bits are funny, some are offensive, some are downright stupid.
Some bits are merely playfully messy, marked with kids' bicycle paths and tree forts.
Some bits are naturally more interesting than others.
Some bits are nearly full-scale acts, and the line between the two types is often unclearly drawn.
Some bits are still cringe-inducing.
Some bits come across as being too unreal.
Some bits provide brilliant insight.
Some bits seem as if they had been recycled from earlier on in the song.
Some bits seem to have nothing to do with the overall plot but are demanded by tradition.
Some bits still have some scaffolding about.
BitBop use is addictive.
A bitch is difficulty
Bitch can be a female dog, too.
Bitch has no sense of humor.
Bitch is a conscious choice and a daily effort.
Bitch is a euphemism for a strong woman.
Bitch is about formulating replies to what they perceive as daily confrontations with sexism.
Bitch is awesome.
Bitch is just a generic term.
Bitch is out.
Bitch is published three times a year.
Bitch is smart and funny and clear and sarcastic and truthful and refreshing and very well designed.
Bitch needs to have a family.
Bitches appear feminine without being slight of bone.
Bitches are approximately ten inches across the shoulder.
Bitches are decidedly feminine without over refinement.
Bitches are decidedly feminine without over-refinement.
Bitches are distinctly feminine, but without weakness of substance or structure.
Bitches are excellent mothers.
Bitches are generally smaller thus the broad range of size and weight.
Bitches are hangers on who receive money and goods in exchange for sexual services.
Bitches are normally slightly lower in height and lighter in weight, but with the same proportions.
Bitches are notorious for dropping their coats after a season and they can develop bald patches.
Bitches are proportionately smaller.
Bitches are slightly smaller, lighter in build, more feminine.
Bitches are smaller and have a slighter build.
Bitches are smaller than dogs.
Bitches are to be bred only to the stud selected by the owner of the bitch.
Bitches are too easy.
Bitches are usually less inhibited by new environments so they are usually taken to the stud.
Bitches be shakin' their ghetto asses against the glass, makin' copies.
Bitches better get it right.
Bitches bitches best movies.
Bitches can be similarly aggressive toward each other.
Bitches can have severe delivery problems or even die in whelp.
Bitches can transfer the disease to any live offspring.
Bitches deserve better than that.
Bitches fit the model of males.
Bitches have continuous litters, one after the another.
Bitches have identical characteristics as males but less pronounced.
Bitches have normal vaginal flora, which has been described.
Bitches have the disadvantage of coming in season twice yearly.
Bitches having a false pregnancy are capable of nursing a litter of puppies.
Bitches is always usin' tears to control they man.
Bitches know to step off when the glove comes down.
Bitches love to claim responsibility for their lives.
Bitches make excellent mothers.
Bitches naturally have more ammonia in their urine than dogs, that's what burns the grass.
Bitches normally eat the feces of their newborn puppies.
Bitches react differently at different times of the year due to their heat cycle.
Bitches tend to be smaller than dogs.
Bitches tend to be smaller.
Bitches tend to be somewhat smaller than the males.
Bitches try to fill others with self doubt, and make others miserable.
Bitches weigh less than dogs.
Bitches whelp easily and are well-suited to motherhood.
Bitches whelp easily and pups are robust.
Bitchs are canines.
Bitchs are difficulty.
Bitchs are female dogs.
Bitchs are magazines.
Bitches always talkin' that love shit.
Bitches often have trouble delivering.
Bitches usually pee on lawns.
Any Bitch Can Cook.
Any bitches freeporn and whites sex women always spread xibitionist amateurs.
Many bitches lose interest in food during the last couple of days prior to whelping.
Some bitches are simply poor mothers and are unable to get their puppies off to a good start.
Some bitches eat very little for the first day or two after whelping.
Some bitches experience false pregnancies that can be a bother to deal with.
Some bitches have a prominant mound of raised tissue around the urethral orifice.
Bitchy hairdressers do battle.
Bite counts are most useful in areas where the biting populations consist of mixed species.
Bite guards are expensive and it is difficult to get an insurance company to cover the cost of one.
Bite indication can be tricky.
Bite indicator bells Electronic fish finder.
Bite inhibition begins before birth, since it is partly inherited.
Bite insects carry pathogen.
Bite lice have heads.
Bite marks are common.
Bite marks leave semi-circular contusions or abrasions.
Some bite midges begin life.
Some bite midges have visitors.
Some bite midges have wings.
Some bite midges range in size.
Bite pain is severe.
Bite prevention is the first mode of prevention.
Bite work is started as well as tracking.
Bite wounds is puncture wounds.
Bite wounds require attention.
Bite wounds require medical attention.
All bite wounds require immediate copious cleansing with fresh tap water.
All bite wounds require immediate, copious cleansing with fresh tap water.
Most bite wounds are from a domestic pet known to the victim.
Most bite wounds require attention.
Most bite wounds require medical attention.
Some bite wounds cause bacterial infection.
Some bite wounds cause infection.
Some bite wounds cause secondary bacterial infection.
Some bite wounds cause secondary infection.
A bite is wound
Bites appear to cause surprisingly mild pain, given the spider's size, and no systemic problems.
Bites are a daily risk and a common occurrence.
Bites are dangerous and can cause serious illness or death.
Bites are disruptive and stressful but also are preventable.
Bites are eating.
Bites are extremely painful and can be fatal to humans.
Bites are itchy and can be serious in people who suffer a reaction but can also be fairly minor.
Bites are likely to cause local pain and swelling.
Bites are meals.
Bites are more common by non venomous snakes.
Bites are most dangerous in children and the elderly.
Bites are often from dogs owned by the child's family or friends.
Bites are often the easiest wounds to become infected.
Bites are painful to humans.
Bites are painless, however, they usually produce a severe allergic reaction.
Bites are rare and usually are no worse than a bee or wasp sting.
Bites are rare and usually minor.
Bites are rare and usually occur when people attempt to move the web.
Bites are subtraction.
Bites are success.
Bites are the big risk, as far as rabies is concerned.
Bites are the most common means of transmission.
Bites are the most dangerous of all, even more so because they often occur on the hand.
Bites are the most important route.
Bites are uncommon and serious long-term complications or death are rare.
Bites are uncommon, and serious reactions from bites are rare.
Bites are unlikely to cause problems other than pain at the site.
Bites are usually very serious even if they look minor.
Bites are very common among young children.
Bites are very painful on humans.
Bites are very rare and inconsequential.
Bites are very soft.
Bites are well defined but often small.
Bites are wounds.
Bites can also become secondarily infected, usually from excessive scratching.
Bites can also occur when the creature is trodden on by waders.
Bites can be hard to identify, even for doctors.
Bites can be serious leading to infections, punctured organs, broken bones, nerve damage and death.
Bites can be serious.
Bites can be subtle or savage.
Bites can be very dirty.
Bites can be very irritating and leave a swelling.
Bites can cause itching and dermatitis.
Bites can cause pain, swelling, hemorrhagic bleb formation, and ecchymosis .
Bites can cause severe itching.
Bites can happen.
Bites can occur singly, in clumps, or in a line.
Bites can occur when a human comes in contact with clothes that has been inhabited by the spider.
Bites can sometimes cause skin infections and rashes.
Bites cause intense itching and allergic reactions.
Bites cause intense pruritis, nodules, papules and lichenification.
Bites cause itching and light dermatitis.
Bites cause pain and dermatitis at the site of the bite because black fly saliva is toxic.
Bites come in direct contact with skin causing welts, bruising, or cuts.
Bites increase in the spring, because more people and dogs are outside mingling.
Bites nails to the knuckle.
Bites occur chiefly to fishermen who try to remove sea snakes from their nets.
Bites occur when the snake is startled or provoked.
Bites occur when the spider is disturbed.
Bites occur while the victim is awake and usually indoors.
Bites produce an itching sensation usually causing a skin rash.
Bites range from a gentle pinch to bone crushing.
Bites result from handling or when they are trapped and squeezed.
Bites tend to be concentrated on the lower legs but can also occur on other parts of the body.
Bites tend to be very quick so good reactions are needed.
Bites too can vary from light touches with the teeth right through to inflicting serious injury.
Bites frequently occur around the waist, ankles, armpits, and in the bend of the elbows and knees.
Bites often occur on the buttocks or legs.
Bites often occur when humans startle the snake or provoke it.
Bites often occur when people try to catch or kill snakes.
Bites often occur when the victim puts on clothing in which a spider has been hiding.
Bites usually are defensive, occurring when people handle sick or moribund bats.
Bites usually go unnoticed until effects manifest a few hours later.
Bites usually occur when a person puts on shoes or clothing in which the spider is hiding.
All bites hurt.
Every bite becomes a nagging vexation.
Every bite connects environmental issues to hunger to animal compassion to health.
Every bite contains flavor bombs that explode on the palate.
Every bite counts.
Every bite delivers briny and tangy tastes.
Every bite is clearly Spanish, but done with great attention to the balance of flavor.
Every bite is filled with the delicious tastes and textures of The Hawaiian Islands.
Every bite is superb.
Every bite produces nausea, dizziness, wind, lose of appetite.
Every bite seems like a bounty from the earth .
Many bites go unreported making the precise incidence impossible to measure.
Many bites occur to people who are trying to capture or kill the snake.
Many bites occur when a dog is playing with a person.
Most bites are defensive in nature and lightening fast.
Most bites are from harmless snakes, but some precautions are in order.
Most bites are mild and fit into the first two groups.
Most bites are minor with no necrosis .
Most bites are relatively harmless and require only a thorough cleansing with soap or an antiseptic.
Most bites cause only minor injuries, for which medical treatment is neither sought nor needed.
Most bites do quite well, but complications do occur.
Most bites feel like a very slight pluck of the line or just an increase of resistance.
Most bites happen because someone has put their hand or foot somewhere without first looking.
Most bites happen during the breeding season.
Most bites occur as a bait falls.
Most bites occur in and around the ankle.
Most bites occur on the extremities.
Most bites occur on the hand or foot.
Most bites occur on the hands or feet than the rest of the body.
Most bites occur on the lower legs and ankles and often are irritating or sore for several days.
Most bites occur to people who are trying to catch or kill the snake.
Most bites occur when a snake is being purposely handled.
Most bites occur when humans taunt or try to capture or kill a rattlesnake.
Most bites occur when people are trying to kill or handle snakes.
Most bites occur when people handle the animals carelessly.
Most bites occur when persons are trying to kill or handle the snakes.
Most bites occur when someone sees a copperhead and decides to capture or kill the snake.
Most bites occur when the bugs land down the shirt collars or on exposed skin areas.
Most bites occur when the Hobo gets into bedding or clothing and is trapped next to the skin.
Most bites occur while the dog isleashed, fenced, chained, or indoors.
Most bites require only local treatment.
Most bites result from deliberate harassment of reptiles.
Most bites result from handling or aggravating snakes.
Some bites are painful.
Some bites can be quite painful.
Some bites can cause allergic reactions that can be deadly.
Some bites can occur when sleeping from rolling over on the spider.
Some bites can permanently disfigure a child.
Some bites cause welts and skin infection.
Some bites just leave deep imprints without actually breaking the skin.
Some bites produce only localized redness and swelling.
A biter is a person
Biters also run the risk of becoming unpopular with their playmates.
Most biters prefer hot and humid weather, yet dislike direct sunlight.
Bithalamic involvement predicts poor outcome among children with thalamic glial tumors.
Bithalmic involvement predicts poor outcome among chidren with thalamic glial tumors.
Most biting activity occurs at dawn and dusk.
Most biting behavior is harmless, consisting of a light bite on the tail or rump.
Bitline differential is kept small in read mode, eliminating precharge delay.
Bitmap editors are typically better at editing photos, scanned images, etc.
Bitmap files are typically very large.
Bitmap files are unsuitable for use as artwork templates.
Bitmap files have a .bmp file extension.
Bitmap files tend to be large and difficult to edit, and they are also difficult to re-size.
Bitmap files tend to be very large, even when the images are simple.
Bitmap files use as many bits as they want in capturing an image.
All bitmap files are in .BMP format.
Bitmap fonts are a lot easier.
Bitmap fonts are great for placing labels on an image.
Bitmap fonts are of high quality, but are only usable at certain predefined sizes.
Bitmap fonts get big at high resolutions.
Bitmap formats are the ones used for digital photographs.
Some bitmap formats are inherently more efficient in file size than others.
Bitmap graphics can represent subtle gradations of shade and color.
Bitmap graphics consist of a grid, or raster , of tiny squares called pixels .
Bitmap graphics provide several challenges for an author seeking a quality display.
Bitmap image Comprises a grid or raster of pixels to represent a graphical image.
Bitmap images appear and disappear as users connect and disconnect.
Bitmap images are extremely large in size and difficult to work with.
Bitmap images are included for every display size, with theme files to easily activate each setting.
Bitmap images are resolution dependent - they represent a fixed number of pixels.
Bitmap images are resolution dependent.
Bitmap images are resolution-dependent that is, they represent a fixed number of pixels.
Bitmap images are resolution-dependent.
Bitmap images are uncompressed, so they can be very large.
Bitmap images contain no grey areas.
Bitmap indexes store the rowids associated with a key value as a bitmap.
A bitmap is a picture
Bitmap displays a grid in which each square represents a sin- gle bit in the picture being edited.
Bitmap extends netscape.application.
Bitmap fills and transparencies.
Bitmap images A grid of pixels, each with a value mapping a particular value of color and intensity.
Bitmap indexes a table is created and an entry is made to indicate the value of each attribute.
Bitmap mask foliage geometry.
Bitmap vectorize for masking, fills and creation of quality re-editable vectors artwork.
Bitmaps also take up a lot of space.
Bitmaps are also acceptable.
Bitmaps are also compact representations of densely populated sets.
Bitmaps are computer displays.
Bitmaps are easy to make.
Bitmaps are for wusses.
Bitmaps are large and unoptimized.
Bitmaps are like microscopic postage stamp quilts.
Bitmaps are much larger but the best quality.
Bitmaps are the best.
Bitmaps are the graphics that compose of dots, or called pixels arranged in rows and columns.
Bitmaps are very large compared with many of the actual file formats that are likely to be shared.
Bitmaps can be black and white, grayscale or color.
Bitmaps can come ina number of color depths.
Bitmaps can stand in, but they're a poor substitute.
Bitmaps consist of tiny dots of color.
Bitmaps contain the information for each pixel, so they have large file size.
Bitmaps don t scale well.
Bitmaps have several interesting uses beyond making the network look less boring.
Bitmaps have to subtract or add something since they are just groups of pixels to form the page.
Bitmaps help in performance improvement, and space utilization for attributes with small domain.
Bitmaps look good at one size only, and once they have been resized tend to degrade in quality.
Bitmaps make the internet sad and angry.
Bitmaps store data about every single pixel in the image.
Bitmapped fonts represent each character as a rectangular grid of pixels.
Bitmapped graphics are essentially a grid of dots.
Bitmapped graphics are much more capable when it comes to subtle shading or colours.
Bitmapped graphics have a fixed resolution.
Bitmapped images are ideal for representing photographs or paintings.
Bitmapped images are resolution-dependent.
Bitmapped images used for textures can be very bandwidth-intensive.
BitStreet Internet provides all of the following optional services.
Bitten nails brush the unswept floor, bounded at last by time and inconsequence.
Bitter ale is a popular style of British ale that ranges in color from light to dark.
Bitter battles arise when two researchers make a discovery then vie for the credit.
Bitter buckwheat is used as an absorption medium for bitter melon extract.
Bitter cherry is a member of the seral brush community in northern Idaho.
Bitter children can write damning or un-flattering portraits.
Bitter chocolate has no additional ingredients added.
Bitter chocolate is chocolate
Bitter chocolate is made by mixing cocoa paste with small amounts of sugar.
Bitter death stands before our eyes.
Bitter disappointment is in store for daniel, though.
Bitter disappointments are crucial to memoirs.
Bitter emotions remain over lost farms, homes and Native American burial sites.
Bitter employees describe it as tacky.
Bitter exploitation goes on.
Bitter feelings can go underground.
Bitter fennel is similar to sweet fennel in aroma, but has more of a camphor-like, earthy note.
Some bitter flavor has acorns.
Bitter foods tonify the kidneys and lungs and stimulate peristalsis.
Bitter gourd has charantin, which is a type of plant insulin.
Bitter gourd is a blood purifier, activates spleen and liver and is highly beneficial in diabetes.
Bitter gourd is good for diabetic patients, similarly, it is good for rheumatism as well.
Bitter gourd is good for eyes and liver.
Bitter gourd is one of the most valuable vegetable with so much medicinal properties in it.
Bitter greens stimulate digestion and help the body process fatty foods.
Bitter grief is absent, and want clothed in rags, and sleepless cares, and violent hunger.
Bitter herbs -Represents their sad lives as slaves.
Bitter hops have a higher alpha acid percentage.
Bitter Lake is a favorite roosting place.
Bitter Lake is our adopted refuge.
Bitter loss becomes lovely loss - bitter yearnings, sweet yearnings.
Bitter men say the cutest things.
Bitter melon displays many variations in physical characteristics.
Bitter melon is composed of several compounds with confirmed anti-diabetic properties.
Bitter melon is native to almost all tropical climates .
Bitter melon is science-friendly.
Bitter melons are very bitter in taste .
Bitter melons are very bitter in taste.
Bitter oils stick to the glass container and plastic filter holder.
Bitter oils stick to the glass container and plastic filter holders.
Bitter orange contains solitary crystals and spongy par- enchyma.
Bitter orange is orange
Bitter orange is used for their white beer, and sweet orange for their strong ales.
Bitter people betray their friends.
Bitter people have a difficult time accepting personal responsibility for their lot is life.
Bitter people reveal their bitterness by complaining about their lot in life.
Bitter people tell bitter tales, particularly when the reward is worldwide attention, cash, or both.
Bitter pit can affect all apple cultivars from every area of the world where apples are grown.
Bitter pit develops late in the growing season or in storage.
Bitter pit is a common disorder in apples grown in New Mexico.
Bitter pit is a physiological disorder of apple fruit.
Bitter pit is usually worse in seasons with wide fluctuations in rainfall and temperature.
Bitter pit reduces the fresh market quality of fruit.
Bitter rivalries come to the forefront.
Bitter rivalry breaks out amongst kingdoms and amongst advocates for the throne.
Bitter rot is seen as soft rot, which rots entire berries.
Bitter spires are like shoulders, fighting, in purpose, in strife, towards the sky.
Bitter substance is colocynthin and colocynthetin.
Bitter taste is also typical for spices containing glycosides.
Bitter taste is usually in the peeling.
Bitter taste varies in intensity.
Bitter tastes arise from atoms that are curved and smooth but very crooked and small in size.
All bitter tastes help detoxify the body.
Most bitter taste varies in intensity.
Bitter temperatures cause pups and adults to forage more actively for food.
Bitter vegetables are best in pleurisy conditions.
Bitter vegetables are especially good.
Bitter weeping is normal for someone whose pride has just been broken.
Bitter winds blow into the dark, unheated hall through the open spaces where glass doors once stood.
Bitter words metamorphose into slogan shouting mobs and arson.
Bitter words reflect more on the speaker than on the topic.
Bitter wort is run through the wort chiller to the closed primary fermenter .
A bitter is taste
Bitters also help balance blood sugars.
Bitters Are a group of bitter tasting compounds.
Bitters are a liquor prepared from bitter herbs and roots, traditionally used for stomach ailments.
Bitters are ale.
Bitters are beers.
Bitters are dark beers.
Bitters are liquor.
Bitters are pale ale.
Bitters are part of taste.
Bitters are taste.
Bitters enjoy a rather limited popularity in North America, but are quite popular in Europe.
Bitters is a mixer with a varied history.
Bitters stimulate the endocrine glands, digestive juices, liver pancreas and peristalsis.
Bitters supply nutrients from bitter leaves that are often lacking in the Western diet.
A bittern is a heron
Bitterns are herons.
Bitterns are most active at dusk and through the night.
Bitterns are relatives of herons and have a very low booming call.
Bitterns call most often in the spring.
Bitterns contain magnesium sulfate, potassium chloride, bromine, iodine and other toxic compounds.
Bitterns feed mostly near natural reed edge, especially if water levels are low in the reedbed.
Bitterns require marshes and other wetland habits, commonly bordering on lakes.
Bitterns stand with bill upward to blend in with reeds.
Bitterns start booming.
Bitterns wander through the bog.
Bitterness attracts bitterness and then multiplies by feeding on itself.
Bitterness becomes more and more bitter.
Bitterness calls to bitterness across the eras.
Bitterness can also come from grain husks and is sometimes confused with astringency .
Bitterness comes all together, and see how does one live.
Bitterness comes from our own personal reaction to irritations and problems in life.
Bitterness comes from tannins extracted from grape skins, stems and seeds, and from barrel aging.
Bitterness consumes a heart and tears relationships apart.
Bitterness decreases with frost, and varies from variety to variety.
Bitterness defiles our souls.
Bitterness destroys people, families, and churches.
Bitterness devastates our soul and spirit because it is rooted in idolatry.
Bitterness develops when plants are subjected to stressful growing conditions.
Bitterness disappears in older leaves after a frost.
Bitterness does more damage to the person who carries it than the one to whom it is directed.
Bitterness finds a bed for roots of rules frustration.
Bitterness follows hard on the heels of rejection.
Bitterness fragments other peoples lives.
Bitterness holds on to an offense, but forgiveness brings release.
Bitterness is a common flaw, as is starchiness, a raw flour taste.
Bitterness is a force of destruction and bondage.
Bitterness is a giant emotional step toward lawlessness.
Bitterness is a heavy load that gains weight with time.
Bitterness is a movement of displeasure seated in the soul.
Bitterness is a natural characteristic of dandelion.
Bitterness is a plant with a disease.
Bitterness is a powerful thing.
Bitterness is a root that has defiled many.
Bitterness is a root.
Bitterness is a taste that can be quite polarizing.
Bitterness is a tell tale sign of the spirit of rebellion lurking in our soul.
Bitterness is a trap that ensnares the hunter.
Bitterness is almost always a negative in wine.
Bitterness is an attitude that refuses to forgive offenses.
Bitterness is angry resentment.
Bitterness is appropriate in a lot of different beer styles.
Bitterness is cause of bitterness.
Bitterness is characterized by an unforgiving spirit and negative, critical attitudes.
Bitterness is deadly.
Bitterness is hatred
Bitterness is higher than a normal light beer.
Bitterness is in the air.
Bitterness is just resentment that has been held on to.
Bitterness is like a sliver.
Bitterness is like acid on the one flesh relationship.
Bitterness is like cancer.
Bitterness is like poison to the soul.
Bitterness is loss, frozen in resentment.
Bitterness is medium to high.
Bitterness is often the result of too fine a grind.
Bitterness is one of the biggest issues among TCKs of all ages.
Bitterness is perfect.
Bitterness is subdued.
Bitterness is the first evidence of a spirit of rebellion.
Bitterness is the result of powerlessness in the face of anger.
Bitterness is the trap that snares the hunter.
Bitterness is there to savor.
Bitterness is ugly even on a supermodel's face.
Bitterness is very hard to spot, and it is rare, an undesireable in wine.
Bitterness is very ugly.
Bitterness is worse than disappointment.
Bitterness isa property.
Bitterness kills faith in the one source of true, undying help and compassion.
Bitterness mellows with keeping .
Bitterness motivates habitual complaining.
Bitterness never stays the same size.
Bitterness notably lingers in aftertaste.
Bitterness only destroys.
Bitterness only places people in pretzels, all tied up with better things to do.
Bitterness plays a big part in anger and rage.
Bitterness produces a complaining attitude, and no one likes to be around a complainer.
Bitterness promotes death in the marriage.
Bitterness puts bars around our soul.
Bitterness runs deep, and mutual hatred is deeper than ever.
Bitterness sets in too.
Bitterness siphons off passion for life.
Bitterness spreads and infects others.
Bitterness takes control of their spirit and mind and they seek to avenge their hurt.
Bitterness takes root.
Bitterness always eats the bitter person alive.
Bitterness often ensnares children caught between divorcing parents.
Bitterness often follows loneliness.
Any bitterness is understandable.
Bituminous coal based carbons make up the majority of brands available.
Bituminous coal contains even less moisture than the sub-bituminous type.
Bituminous coal has even more carbon and a correspondingly higher heating value.
Bituminous coal has more moisture.
Bituminous coal has more volatiles.
Bituminous coal is a higher grade coal, containing no unconverted plant remains.
Bituminous coal is coal
Bituminous coal is coal.
Bituminous coal is found in beds that underlie about one-quarter of the state.
Bituminous coal is found in seams of varying thicknesses.
Bituminous coal is the most abundant type of coal.
Bituminous coal is the most common fuel used on American railroads.
Bituminous coal is the most plentiful and important coal used by industry.
Bituminous coal is the most plentiful type of coal in the United States.
Bituminous coals are characteristically more stable.
Bituminous coals are denser and produce higher heating values suitable for industrial combustion.
Bituminous gloss is formulated with reinforced resins to provide a tough durable gloss finish.
Bituminous pavement is cheaper and easier to construct, but it requires more maintenance.
Bituminous rock is a form of sandstone impregnated with bitumen.
Bituminous solution is intended only as a bond between the enamel and the metal surface.
Most bituminous stabilization is performed in place.
Bivalve molluscs have tissue.
Bivalve molluscs are broadcast spawners, which means their eggs are fertilized outside their bodies.
Bivalve molluscs are shellfish with two shells, such as oysters, mussles, clams and cockles.
Bivalve molluscs are very common.
Most bivalve molluscs have tissue.
Some bivalve shells consist of valves.
A bivalve is a shellfish
Bivalve isa mollusc.
Bivalve isa mollusk.
Bivalves also provide good examples of camouflage and mimicry.
Bivalves are a class of mollusc which have shells consisting of two hinged sides known as valves.
Bivalves are a class of mollusk that includes clams, oysters and scallops.
Bivalves are a group of mollusks that includes clams, mussels, oysters and scallops.
Bivalves are adapted to living in a confined space and feeding by straining plankton from the water.
Bivalves are animals that live in water.
Bivalves are aquatic molluscs which have two-part shells .
Bivalves are aquatic.
Bivalves are both marine and freshwater.
Bivalves are closely related to limpets, abalone, snails, slugs, squids, and octopuses.
Bivalves are common both in the sea and in fresh water today.
Bivalves are composed of two shells held together by an elastic ligament .
Bivalves are filter feeders and feed primarily on phytoplankton - microscopic plant life.
Bivalves are filter feeders.
Bivalves are found in both freshwater and marine environments.
Bivalves are hermaphroditic or have separate sexes.
Bivalves are hosts to parasites that can cause mortalities, particularly in the adult stage.
Bivalves are mollusks with two shells, including clams, oysters, scallops and brachiopods.
Bivalves are mollusks.
Bivalves are most abundant in shallow marine waters, where they burrow in soft sediment.
Bivalves are organisms particularly vulnerable to climate change and ocean acidification .
Bivalves are soft-bodied mollusks that have two shells hinged together by a strong muscle.
Bivalves are some of the most important seafood species.
Bivalves are thus filter feeders.
Bivalves are two shelled aquatic molluscs, bilaterally symmetrical and laterally compressed.
Bivalves are typically epifaunal and infaunal filter feeders.
Bivalves are typically very fast moving.
Bivalves are what many people think of when they think of a seashell.
Bivalves belong to phyla.
Bivalves can also cause economic damage.
Bivalves can inhabit a variety of places depending on the species .
Bivalves cling to sea whips along the deeper sections of the wall.
Bivalves consist of two shells.
Bivalves depend upon concealment and the heavy shell to keep predators at bay.
Bivalves develop methods.
Bivalves even make their own shells.
Bivalves feed on tiny bits of food found in the water or sediment.
Bivalves generally are known as creatures that almost never move.
Bivalves generally have a large mantle cavity with gills.
Bivalves have (part) brains.
Bivalves have (part) carapaces.
Bivalves have (part) cell membranes.
Bivalves have (part) cells.
Bivalves have (part) corpi.
Bivalves have (part) cytoplasm.
Bivalves have (part) ears.
Bivalves have (part) faces.
Bivalves have (part) heads.
Bivalves have (part) nuclei.
Bivalves have (part) plasma membranes.
Bivalves have (part) sections.
Bivalves have (part) shellfishes.
Bivalves have (part) shells.
Bivalves have (part) skulls.
Bivalves have (part) vacuoles.
Bivalves have a highly muscular organ called the foot, which muscle fibres run in all direction.
Bivalves have a long history.
Bivalves have a mouth, heart, intestine, gills, stomach and siphon but have no head, radula or jaws.
Bivalves have a shell composed of more or less equal halves.
Bivalves have a shell made of two halves, which are also called valves.
Bivalves have a simple circulatory system, which is rather difficult to trace.
Bivalves have all of the following structures except a. a radula.
Bivalves have an open circulatory system.
Bivalves have eyes.
Bivalves have gills with mucus which trap plankton and other organisms.
Bivalves have grooves.
Bivalves have highly reduced heads and simple nervous and sensory systems.
Bivalves have no distinct head, and the radula has been lost.
Bivalves have small heads that consist of little more than a mouth.
Bivalves have the ability to select food filtered from the water.
Bivalves have the simplest nervous systems among mollusks.
Bivalves have two distinct shells joined by a ligament.
Bivalves Have two parts to their shell and include such species as oysters and scallops.
Bivalves have two shell halves that completely enclose the animal.
Bivalves have two shells or valves connected by a hinge.
Bivalves have two shells sandwiched together.
Bivalves have two shells that are held together by a strong ligament.
Bivalves have two shells, like a clam or oyster.
Bivalves have two valves and are symmetrical between the valves.
Bivalves have two valves connected by a flexible ligament.
Bivalves include clams.
Bivalves lack a head, radula, and jaws.
Bivalves lead sedentary lives.
Bivalves live in fresh water.
Bivalves live in habitats.
Bivalves live in water.
Bivalves live on the sea bed or lake bottom and are sedentary, so the head and foot are reduced.
Bivalves make use of a variety of lifestyles.
Bivalves need food.
Bivalves open their shell to breath,eat, or to move around.
Bivalves posses a two-valved shell that is an aragonitic concretion and bilaterally symmetrical.
Bivalves possess a bilateral and relatively simple nervous system.
Bivalves require water.
Bivalves retain moisture.
Bivalves retain precious moisture.
Bivalves stay in places.
Bivalves stay in same places.
Bivalves tend to be filter-feeders.
Bivalves typically have two similar hinged shells that are each asymmetrical across the midline.
Bivalves use their foot to move themselves.
Bivalves use their gills both for filter feeding and for gas exchange.
Bivalves often abound on mudflats.
All bivalves are aquatic, encompassing both marine and fresh-water species.
All bivalves are filter-feeding organisms.
All bivalves are mollusks.
All bivalves have the ability to secrete sticky threads known as byssal threads.
Many bivalves use their large foot to bury into the sediment on the ocean floor.
Most bivalves are filter feeders and burrow into the sediment using their muscular foot.
Most bivalves are filter feeders, but some are scavengers or even predators.
Most bivalves are primary consumers, typically exploiting organic material.
Most bivalves are sedentary or slow-moving animals.
Most bivalves are sedentary, living in sand or mud in marine and freshwater environments.
Most bivalves are sessile benthic filter feeders and can be infaunal or epifaunal.
Most bivalves are suspension feeders.
Most bivalves attach themselves to something or burrow underground.
Most bivalves belong to phyla.
Most bivalves develop methods.
Most bivalves eat by filtering microscopic plants and animals from the water.
Most bivalves eat plankton and other tiny living things, like algae.
Most bivalves have a pair of large gills which are located in their mantle cavity.
Most bivalves have a single pair of large gills used for respiration.
Most bivalves have a well-developed foot that is used for burrowing and creeping.
Most bivalves have eyes.
Most bivalves have grooves.
Most bivalves live in fresh water.
Most bivalves live in habitats.
Most bivalves live in soft sediments below the surface.
Most bivalves live in water.
Most bivalves live sedentary lives, a characteristic suited to suspension feeding.
Most bivalves reproduce by discharging sperm and eggs into the water where fertilization occurs.
Most bivalves require water.
Most bivalves retain moisture.
Most bivalves retain precious moisture.
Most bivalves stay in places.
Most bivalves stay in same places.
Most bivalves stay in the same place for much of their lives, but others are able to move around.
Some bivalves become predators.
Some bivalves burrow into the sediment.
Some bivalves can rapidly shut their two valves.
Some bivalves can swim, albeit weakly, when removed from the sediment, as can some file shells.
Some bivalves collect food.
Some bivalves do however live on, or most often in hard substrata such as clay, rocks and wood.
Some bivalves eat prey.
Some bivalves go through stages.
Some bivalves has-part valves.
Some bivalves have aortas.
Some bivalves have eyes and sensory tentacles along the outer edge of their mantle.
Some bivalves have feet.
Some bivalves have gills.
Some bivalves have larvae.
Some bivalves have meals.
Some bivalves have septa.
Some bivalves have style.
Some bivalves have symbiotic relationships with photosynthetic organisms, providing extra nutrition.
Some bivalves live in beaches.
Some bivalves live in colonies.
Some bivalves live on their sides.
Some bivalves occupy habitats.
Some bivalves possess shells.
Some bivalves require food.
Some bivalves sit on sides.
Some bivalves use gills.
Bivalved arthropods are especially common.
Bivariate regression helps to illustrate the efficacy of the models.
Bivariate tables describe the relationship between two variables.
Biventricular failure produces pulmonary congestion, peripheral edema, and hepatic engorgement.
Bivocational ministers can have a housing allowance, but only from their ministerial income.
Bivocational pastors are in better touch with their congregation and the real world.
Bivocational pastors are more often able to plan and work toward reasonable goals.
A bivouac is a quarters
Bivouacs are by permit only.
All bivouacs require permits.
Biweekly bulletins summarize major developments in procurement.
Biweekly consultants appear to be largely or totally unregulated.
Biweekly employees report actual hours worked and monthly employees report exceptions.
Biweekly lectures cover the topics listed above.
Biweekly meetings can include speakers from the aerospace industry.
Biweekly quizzes are great.
Biweekly readings are pretty time consuming.
Biweekly reports are also available via Lotus Notes.
Biweekly seminar focuses on linguistic and ethical questions and dilemmas.
Biweekly tests focus on the science in context aspect of the discipline.
Biweekly time reports.
Biweekly updates are available by subscription.
A biweekly is a series
Biweeklies reduce interest expense and build equity faster.
Biz desk is excellent place to work.
Biz usage can really drive sales volume and support the cut-throat retail market.
Bizarre accident injures woman And other news for the area.
Bizarre behavior continues.
Bizarre characters float around in fluorescent wigs, futuristic dresses, flashing shirts.
Bizarre creatures spring up at random to devour, digest, and assimilate each other.
Bizarre deaths proliferate to become a potential national disaster.
Bizarre effects result.
Bizarre events follow.
Bizarre ghosts appear one after another attacking the children.
Bizarre humor adds to the off-kilter experience.
Bizarre icons are a symptom of an overloaded server or line.
Bizarre icons are a symptom of an overloaded server, or line.
Bizarre occurrences are dreamsigns, triggers which become doors to lucidity.
More bizarre sentences are easier to remember.
Bizarre spontaneity is better than regimented normalness.
Bizarre symbols appear on their skin.
Bizarre things happen often.
Bizarre things happen, too.
Bizarre things work with kids.
Some bizarre things can happen.
Bizarre writing can also be a tip-off.
BLs allow motorists to pass bicyclists without slowing down.
BLs are also a buffer for drivers pulling out from driveways to enter the roadway.
BLs are politically difficult to remove once in place.
BLs collect debris, as do shoulders on any road.
BLs require no cooperation, and none is manifested.
Blachly soils are on broad ridges and steep side slopes.
Blachly soils have an ochric epipedon.
Black abolitionists challenge the Constitution and ask for the same rights and privileges as whites.
Black ABS handle with brass bolsters.
Black acrylic is chemically and texturally somewhat different than clear.
Black adolescents have a higher recidivism rate than their peers.
Black adults have three to five times greater incidence of bacteremia, compared with white adults.
Black agents welcome more black colleagues to share the load.
Black angelfish are solid ebony, but very striking just the same.
Black ankle boots have sides.
Black ant appears in corner of eye.
Black antimony is formed upon rapid cooling of antimony vapor.
Some black aphids have ranges.
Black appointment leaves a shiner.
Black area is a lake.
Black area removes blemishes and scratches.
Black areas are barren.
Black areas are bodies of water.
Black areas are due to no data collected.
Black areas are land or cloud.
Black areas are low humidity, whiter areas are increasingly humid conditions.
Black areas are puddles of water.
Black areas are regions with no satellite coverage.
Black areas are too shallow to map with the multibeam system.
Black areas are unclassified.
Black areas have no detectable hybridization signal.
Black areas indicate an absence of data.
Black areas indicate inland lakes.
Black areas represent open water.
Black areas represent regions where no satellite data was collected.
Black arrow indicates eye field expression.
Black arrow indicates the simple squamous to cuboidal amniontic epithelium.
Black arrows are for correct answers, red arrows for incorrect answers.
Black arrows indicate paths.
Black arrows move between hits.
Black arrows point at maxillary teeth.
Black arrows point from parent to child.
Black arrows point to enormous granular tan mass filling up and distorting left pyriform sinus.
Black arrows point to large red brown thromboemboli occluding two segmental vessels.
Black arrows point to maxillary teeth.
Black arrows point to the site of the carcinoma replacing the left labia minora.
Black arrows represent explained processes, e.g. hormonal feedback.
Black arrows represent protein phosphorylation and activation.
Black arrows show granular tan neoplasm obliterating right vocal cord.
Black arrows show normal exits through hall or stairway.
Black arrows show path on top, gray arrows path on back.
Black arrows show recycling of occupied and unoccupied receptors from endosomes.
Black arrows show the relative motion at plate boundaries.
Black arrows show true legs.
Most black arrows indicate paths.
Some black arrows indicate examples.
Black arsenic is a poor conductor of electricity and is brittle with a glassy appearance.
Black arsenic is similar to red phosphorus.
Many black artists believe deeply that their art is part of the struggle.
Most black artists have to reeducate themselves sooner or later.
Black ash grows almost exclusively in low-lying areas that are very wet and marshy.
Black ash grows in a humid climate.
Black ash is a swamp species.
Black ash is a wetlands species and grows slowly.
Black ash is ash
Black ash is ash.
Black ash is usually the first to drop leaves.
Black ash regenerates through sexual and vegetative reproduction.
Black ash rockets two miles high as incandescent rocks pummel the caldera.
Black asterisks identify grid cells in which saguaros have been observed.
Black atheists are a minority within a minority.
Black athletes come out of a culture that is apolitical for the most part.
Black audiences are hungry to be seen in the movies from a different light.
Black audiences are keen to see their cultural capital restored.
Black aurora occurs almost directly overhead in Alaska during diffuse auroras.
Black babe blows a dark dork.
Most black babes have better asses than white girls.
Black babies are slightly ahead of Caucasian babies at all ages in height and weight.
Black babies are twice as likely to die within the first year as white babies.
Black babies are twice as likely to die within the first year of life as white babies.
Black babies die at over twice the rate of white babies.
Some black babies are quite light skinned when they are born but become darker during infancy.
Black back contrasts with white belly.
Black background adds drama.
Black background highlights the design.
Black background makes it annoying to read.
Black background makes most text invisible.
Black backgrounds are just too hard on the eyes.
Black backgrounds indicate unowned rooms.
Black backgrounds look good with moths but appear artificial for butterflies.
Black backgrounds look good with moths but artificial for butterflies.
Black bags are for all other garbage.
Black balloons are a nice touch.
Black bamboo is bamboo
Black bamboo is valuable for the plants it can produce.
Black bananas are just ordinary bananas that have been left outside.
Black band causes total coral populations to die in about two months.
Black band is more frequent but has been worked less than the pot ore.
Black band lies in strata and is worked with dependence and success.
Black bands are on males and red bands are on females.
Black bands can develop on white birch as a result of a healing reaction to sapsucker injury.
Black bar is the average.
Black bars are actual price action.
Black bars indicate a decrease in the number of adults returning to the hatcheries.
Black bars indicate a decrease in the number of spawners.
Black bars indicate rejection.
Black bars indicate the regions of sequence-confirmed deletion.
Black bars represent OTUs with more positive diet effects in females than males.
Black bars show the daily change in water level.
Black bass are active in the spring, summer, and early fall in the main lake.
Black bass are fair on a variety of lures.
Black bass are fair on spinner baits and other lures.
Black bass are good on spinnerbaits, crankbaits and soft plastics in green pumpkin and watermelon.
Black bass are in the shallows, hitting floating worms.
Black bass are near the overhangs of brush.
Black bass are slow.
Black bass can be quirky, but several lakes are famous for surface-schooling action.
Black bass is a bony fish
Black bass is a catchall term to discribe largemouth and smallmouth bass.
A black bean is a common bean
Black beans add character and depth to the grilled chicken burritos and beef nachos.
Black beans are a common example of legumes.
Black beans are a great source of folate.
Black beans are a staple food in Asia and Latin America.
Black beans are also very good.
Black beans are best.
Black beans are favored, often served in soup or as a sauce for enfrijoladas.
Black beans are great and can be easily spiced up.
Black beans are rich in fiber, beneficial antioxidants, folates, protein, minerals and B vitamins.
Black beans are the other major category of beans grown in North America.
Black beans can reduce the risk of heart disease.
Black beans come next and then cubes of cream cheese and a bit of cilantro.
Black beans dot the white mounds of rice, adding a distinctive, non-Western touch.
Black beans is usually the beans of choice, followed by red beans, white beans and even peas.
Black beans make an excellent spread.
Black beans take a long time to cook.
More black beans are served at dinner in the form of black bean quesadillas.
Some black beans have cups.
Black bear anatomies include faces.
Black bear anatomies include straight faces.
A black bear is a bear
Black bear are a significant predator on moose calves until calves are nine weeks old.
Black bear are abundant in forests and grizzly bear inhabit the open tundra.
Black bear are also active in the forest and open areas.
Black bear are also more common due to terrain and road access.
Black bear are around Jenny lake and also off the main road.
Black bear are common in the backcountry, but they usually avoid people.
Black bear are generally easy to frighten away.
Black bear are generally smaller than grizzlies.
Black bear are large enough to survive a long swim in the cold waters of Lake Superior.
Black bear are less frequent, but are still be seen on occasion while hiking the backcountry.
Black bear are present in the forest, with hundreds of sightings each year.
Black bear eat the fruit.
Black bear faces slope downward gently into the muzzle.
Black bear hunting in Idaho still allows for use of bait, hounds and spring as well as fall seasons.
Black bear hunting in Northern Ontario is the best in the world.
Black bear is also an option.
Black bear is located in a wooded setting but still just a hop to the river.
Black bears adapt readily to areas occupied by humans and are seen more frequently than grizzlies.
Black bears adapt to conditions.
Black bears adapt to different conditions.
Black bears adapt to tundra.
Black bears appear awkward as they shuffle along, but can move with amazing speed when necessary.
Black bears appear heavy and have short, powerful legs.
Black bears appear to be somewhat large and ungraceful, buy they are quite the contrary.
Black bears are a wild animal.
Black bears are about two metres tall.
Black bears are abundant and provide the hunter with an awesome challenge.
Black bears are abundant here.
Black bears are active primarily during the day and at dawn and dusk.
Black bears are actually quite healthy and long-lived animals which thrive in Wisconsin. .
Black bears are adaptable and opportunistic.
Black bears are adapted for forest life and have short strong claws for climbing.
Black bears are agile runners, able tree climbers and strong swimmers.
Black bears are all American.
Black bears are also opportunistic, meaning they take advantage of whatever is available.
Black bears are among the wildlife seen along kayaking routes in Glacier Bay.
Black bears are an intelligent and adaptable species.
Black bears are bears.
Black bears are capable of covering great distances and often move during the evening hours.
Black bears are common in the backcountry, but they usually avoid people.
Black bears are common in the park.
Black bears are common in the region.
Black bears are common in the upper valley, but there is no grizzly habitat.
Black bears are common throughout the park, but grizzly and brown bears are occasionally sighted.
Black bears are common, as are moose.
Black bears are common.
Black bears are considerably smaller than grizzlies in size and weight.
Black bears are creatures of opportunity when it comes to food.
Black bears are creatures of opportunity with it comes to matters of food.
Black bears are dangerous to humans.
Black bears are difficult to census because they are shy and secretive.
Black bears are eccentric creatures mysticized by fairy tale and folklore.
Black bears are especially dense here.
Black bears are essentially solitary.
Black bears are everywhere.
Black bears are excellent climbers, so trees offer no refuge.
Black bears are excellent climbers.
Black bears are excellent swimmers.
Black bears are excellent tree climbers, even as cubs, and use trees to escape danger.
Black bears are extremely fond of garbage and frequently congregate at dumps.
Black bears are extremely intelligent.
Black bears are fairly common in the North Cascades, but grizzlies are much rarer.
Black bears are generally shy and secretive and usually fearful of humans.
Black bears are generally solitary creatures.
Black bears are good fishers, often wading into rivers or lakes to catch fish with their jaws.
Black bears are good swimmers and good climbers.
Black bears are good tree climbers and strong swimmers.
Black bears are highly curious, very intelligent, mobile, and adaptable animals.
Black bears are huge, bulky mammals with long black hair.
Black bears are hungry and visit our baiting sites on a regular basis.
Black bears are impressive animals.
Black bears are intelligent and curious.
Black bears are large-bodied animals that have a small, narrow head, powerful limbs, and small ears.
Black bears are more active during daytime.
Black bears are much more likely to turn tail in a surprise encounter and run.
Black bears are native to North America.
Black bears are near the top of the food chain.
Black bears are normally shy, but they can also be curious, bold opportunists.
Black bears are normally very shy of people.
Black bears are occasional visitors to the area.
Black bears are omnivores with their diets varying greatly depending on season and location.
Black bears are omnivores, so they eat plants and animals.
Black bears are omnivorous and opportunistic feeders.
Black bears are omnivorous.
Black bears are one of New Hampshire's most fascinating wild animals.
Black bears are one of the more common species in North America.
Black bears are one of the parks most famous inhabitants.
Black bears are opportunistic feeders, making use of just about any available food source.
Black bears are opportunistic foragers.
Black bears are our Maine resource.
Black bears are powerful mammals that have few naturally-occurring enemies.
Black bears are present in the vicinity of all the campgrounds.
Black bears are primarily nocturnal, especially when they are in close contact with people.
Black bears are protected by laws, but are hunted for sport in some states.
Black bears are regular fall visitors.
Black bears are relatively docile animals, particularly when compared to grizzly bears.
Black bears are relatively shy animals.
Black bears are reluctant to move away from forest cover, especially if with cubs.
Black bears are shy and normally avoid people.
Black bears are similar.
Black bears are smaller than grizzlies or polar bears and have more pointed heads.
Black bears are solid animals and it takes a good bullet to punch into the vitals.
Black bears are solitary animals that wander all their lives in search of food.
Black bears are solitary creatures.
Black bears are solitary, except for mothers with offspring.
Black bears are solitary.
Black bears are still present but are under increasing pressure from the loss of suitable habitat.
Black bears are stocky, with powerful legs, and short tails.
Black bears are strong and fast.
Black bears are strong swimmers.
Black bears are the largest mammals living in the forests of North Carolina.
Black bears are the most abundant of the species of bears.
Black bears are the most common and generally the smallest of North American bears.
Black bears are the most common large carnivore in North America.
Black bears are the most common.
Black bears are the most widely found and most numerous kind of bear in North America.
Black bears are the only bear species that can be found in the wild in New York State.
Black bears are the only kind of bear found in Southern Arizona.
Black bears are the only kind that live in Arizona.
Black bears are the second largest mammal in New York State .
Black bears are the smallest, and most abundant of the bear species in Alaska.
Black bears are typically non-aggressive and tend to avoid people.
Black bears are ubiquitous.
Black bears are usually black in color, particularly in eastern North America.
Black bears are usually nocturnal, but can be active during the day.
Black bears are very intelligent.
Black bears are very powerful and can kill animals as large as a cow with one swipe of a paw.
Black bears are Virginia's largest land mammal.
Black bears are, on average, smaller than brown bears.
Black bears can actually range in coat colour from jet black to creamy white.
Black bears can also be rusty brown or blonde colored.
Black bears can be blond, cinnamon, brown or black.
Black bears can be brown, blonde, cinnamon or black.
Black bears can be brown, red, yellowish, and honey in color.
Black bears can be especially troublesome.
Black bears can be seen here, but no grizzly bears, there are none on the island.
Black bears can become a nuisance, particularly for people who live near prime bear habitat.
Black bears can go surprisingly deep into caves to find good den sites.
Black bears can look deceptively large.
Black bears can move great distances and young males often disperse the farthest.
Black bears can swim to island campsites.
Black bears can weigh several hundred pounds.
Black bears climb easily and swim well.
Black bears climb right up into the trees to get the beechnuts.
Black bears come into contact with more humans than almost any other species of bear.
Black bears consume berries in late fall.
Black bears destroy hives in their quest for honey.
Black bears do compete with cougars over carcasses.
Black bears do indeed come in various shades of brown.
Black bears do live in the area but they only become a problem when someone leaves a messy campsite.
Black bears eat a diet that is mostly plants.
Black bears eat almost anything.
Black bears eat berries, grass, roots, fish, carrion, and whatever mammals they can catch.
Black bears eat berries.
Black bears eat hawthorn berries.
Black bears eat mostly nuts, berries, and other fruit.
Black bears eat vegetation.
Black bears emerge wearing swimsuits.
Black bears end their winter sleep and leave their dens.
Black bears enter dens.
Black bears establish ranges.
Black bears exhibit several remarkable adaptations.
Black bears favor beehives and ripening oats.
Black bears fear nothing but they always seem to prefer to avoid confrontation.
Black bears feature prominently in the stories of some of America's indigenous peoples .
Black bears feed on nuts.
Black bears feed on salmon to build fat reserves before hibernating for the winter.
Black bears feed primarily on natural foods such as acorns and berries.
Black bears frequent both canyons.
Black bears frequent the area.
Black bears give birth every other year.
Black bears give birth to between one and four cubs, with two being the most common.
Black bears have a heavy rounded body which belies their agility and speed.
Black bears have a keen sense of smell.
Black bears have a lumbering walk, but they can run much faster than people.
Black bears have a natural fear of humans.
Black bears have a natural fear of man.
Black bears have a relatively straight profile from the forehead to the tip of the nose.
Black bears have a Roman nose and curved claws.
Black bears have a round and short body with sturdy legs.
Black bears have a unique reproductive cycle.
Black bears have amazing abilities to find their way across large distances.
Black bears have an acute sense of smell, but their vision is poor.
Black bears have an outstanding sense of smell, but absolutely lousy sight.
Black bears have blocky bodies built for strength, carrying fat, and conserving heat in winter.
Black bears have claws.
Black bears have ears.
Black bears have eyesights.
Black bears have five toes, with claws, on the feet.
Black bears have good eyesights.
Black bears have long claws.
Black bears have many color variations, including brown and cinnamon colored coats.
Black bears have many talents.
Black bears have senses.
Black bears have short curved claws and lack a shoulder hump.
Black bears have short, curved claws better suited to climbing trees than digging.
Black bears have shorter, more curved claws.
Black bears have small eyes, long noses, round ears and a short tail.
Black bears have terrific noses.
Black bears have their own unique set of food-gathering adaptations.
Black bears have toes.
Black bears have very poor eyesight but their senses of smell and hearing are well-developed.
Black bears inhabit all areas of the park.
Black bears inhabit areas.
Black bears inhabit most of Alaska's forests.
Black bears leave their scent markings with claw marks on nearby trees.
Black bears like to climb trees and usually do if they are being chased or hunted.
Black bears like to feed early in the morning or evening while it is cool.
Black bears like to feed in the cool of the evening or in the early morning.
Black bears live for years.
Black bears live here among coatimundi, javelina, and mountain lions.
Black bears live in area forests.
Black bears live in heavily wooded areas.
Black bears live in many large wooded areas of North America.
Black bears live in North America.
Black bears live in wood.
Black bears live on the south side of the refuge.
Black bears love people food.
Black bears love sweet ripe corn and honey.
Black bears make a variety of grunts when they are relaxed.
Black bears occupy states.
Black bears possess non-retractable curved claws on each foot that are about one inch long.
Black bears prefer areas with natural foods close to water and heavy forested cover.
Black bears prefer dense forests that offer shelter and a variety of food.
Black bears prefer large, forested areas.
Black bears prefer to feed in seclusion and often drag their prey to cover.
Black bears prefer wooded cover and usually avoid open areas.
Black bears produce cubs every other year.
Black bears produce offspring.
Black bears provide an excellent example here.
Black bears range in color from black and dark brown to cinnamon or even blond.
Black bears rely on food sources.
Black bears rely on other sources.
Black bears rely on other such food sources.
Black bears rely on other such sources.
Black bears rely on sources.
Black bears reproduce at a very low rate.
Black bears require a large area encompassing a few square miles.
Black bears require forested areas to find adequate food, water and cover.
Black bears reside in territory.
Black bears roam the beaches at low tide, foraging on intertidal life.
Black bears roam the wooded trails and moose thrive on the abundant water plants.
Black bears seek food with the highest nutritional and protein value for the least amount of effort.
Black bears show variation.
Black bears spend considerable amounts of time foraging for food.
Black bears spend their winter months in hibernation.
Black bears stand around three feet tall at the shoulder.
Black bears stand five to six feet long and almost three feet at the shoulders when on all fours.
Black bears stand on hind legs.
Black bears stand on legs.
Black bears survive by being ready to flee, often to a tree.
Black bears survive winter.
Black bears swim well and often climb trees to feed on buds and fruit.
Black bears taking fawns in the spring are rare exceptions.
Black bears tend to be solitary animals, with the exception of mothers and cubs.
Black bears thrive in habitats.
Black bears to find food.
Black bears use dense cover for hiding and thermal protection, as well as for bedding.
Black bears vary considerably in size, depending on the quality of the food available.
Black bears vary in color from black to brown, cinnamon, blue and even white.
Black bears vary in color from tan or brown to black.
Black bears vary in color.
Black bears vary in size and weight, with males generally being larger than females.
Black bears walk flat-footed and are known as plantigrades.
Black bears weigh pounds.
All black bears are agile tree climbers.
All black bears can climb well.
Many black bears move to grassy south-facing hillsides as soon as they emerge.
Most black bears adapt to conditions.
Most black bears adapt to different conditions.
Most black bears adapt to tundra.
Most black bears are black in color or a darker shade of brown.
Most black bears avoid confrontations.
Most black bears eat berries.
Most black bears eat hawthorn berries.
Most black bears eat vegetation.
Most black bears enter dens.
Most black bears establish ranges.
Most black bears feed on nuts.
Most black bears have a splash of pure white on their chests.
Most black bears have brown noses and a white patch on their chest.
Most black bears have claws.
Most black bears have ears.
Most black bears have eyesights.
Most black bears have good eyesights.
Most black bears have long claws.
Most black bears have senses.
Most black bears have toes.
Most black bears live for years.
Most black bears live in wood.
Most black bears occupy states.
Most black bears produce offspring.
Most black bears rely on food sources.
Most black bears rely on other sources.
Most black bears rely on other such food sources.
Most black bears rely on other such sources.
Most black bears rely on sources.
Most black bears reside in territory.
Most black bears show variation.
Most black bears spend the winter in dens, typically in the base of a rotted fir tree.
Most black bears stand on hind legs.
Most black bears stand on legs.
Most black bears survive winter.
Most black bears thrive in habitats.
Most black bears try to avoid confrontations when given a chance.
Most black bears vary in color.
Most black bears weigh pounds.
Some black bears are brown or cinnamon.
Some black bears are classified as concern.
Some black bears drink gallons.
Some black bears drink several gallons.
Some black bears eat plants.
Some black bears have a white chest patch.
Some black bears have few natural predators.
Some black bears have natural predators.
Some black bears have patches.
Some black bears have predators.
Some black bears have short claws.
Some black bears have short strong claws.
Some black bears inhabit historic ranges.
Some black bears kill deer.
Some black bears kill trees.
Some black bears live in safety.
Some black bears move from habitats.
Some black bears prey on beavers.
Some black bears prey on livestock.
Some black bears select locations.
Some black bears survive for months.
Black beauties have dark skin but deep pink holes to fuck.
Black beer is assumed to be the most alcoholic, perhaps due to a longer period of fermentation.
Black beetles are awesome.
Black beetles are serious pest in Rhodesia.
A black belt is an expert
Black belt is the final stage of one life cycle and the beginning of the next.
Black belt ranks start at first degree and go up.
Black belts are badges.
Black belts are experts.
Black belts are magazines.
Black belts are the most qualified and highly trained shotokan performers.
Black belts begin the sparring competitions.
Black belts can have up to six red stripes that denote degrees of expertise.
Black belts come in a variety of styles and materials.
Black belts train free, but in return, are occasionally asked to do some instructing when necessary.
All Black belts welcome.
Some black belts spend years just perfecting the straight punch.
Black berries are in abundance and huckleberries are just getting ripe.
Black berries contain seeds.
Black berries last all winter on female plants.
Most black berries contain seeds.
Black bezels are available.
Black bile is considered to be the foam off the top of the blood.
Black bile is humour
Black bill is long and straight.
Black bill is short, wide, and slightly decurved and forked tail is short to medium in length.
Black biotite is conspicuous, but quartz and plagioclase are also evident.
Black birch is a birch tree
Black birch is also powerfully antiseptic.
Black bitches take thrusting white cock.
Black blood is very strong stuff.
Black blood marks a deviation from the order of whiteness.
Black boards have top corners slightly bumped and show a little wear near edges and on corners.
A black body is a natural object
Black bodies are capable of absorbing and emitting radiation at all wavelengths.
Black bodies are natural objects.
Black body curves at various temperatures never intersect each other.
Black body is always black.
Black body is marked with yellow across the thorax and abdomen.
Black body made by magnesium is very splendid.
Black body retains approx.
Black boots have sides.
Most black boots have sides.
Black booty is hot.
Black border has pretty sunflower-like flowers around it.
Black bow is located at the back of the hat.
A black box is a recorder
Black box testing The mice eat the entire maze to see if it has the same effect as eating cheese.
Black boxes are autonomous units that are used to construct neural network systems.
Black boxes are boxes of epistemology.
Black boxes are most difficult to implement in games with lots of realtime play.
Black boxes are typically secret electrical mechanisms claimed to perform remarkable tasks.
Black boxes are value neutral.
Black boxes attached to poles appear to be either a speaker system or cameras.
Black boxes indicate amino acid conservation.
Black boxes indicate risk effect mechanisms that are altered by human activities.
Black boxes indicate similarity between sequences.
Black boxes record the final words of pilots as their planes plunge into the abyss.
Black boxs are boxs.
Black boxs are recorders.
Black boys are books.
Black boys fare worse under the system than do white boys.
Black boys get jobs.
Black boys learn sexuality on the streets at an early age often with many misconceptions.
Black bra is in excellent condition and still very shiny with no scratches, rips or tears in it.
Black bread is rye bread
Black bread mould is found in all countries of the world .
Black bread mould is found in all countries of the world.
Black bristle is a stiffer, economically-priced hair.
A black buck is an antelope
Black buck are herbivore animals.
Black bucks are territorial, although they take occasional trips to surrounding terrain.
Black bugs are minor limitations or quirks.
Black bullheads have black or gray barbels, yellow bullhead has white.
Black burst is the most common combination signal.
Black burst is the most common single sync signal used in systems today.
Black button indicates current page.
Black button kills tanks and white button destroys planes.
All black buttons indicate available information.
Black cabs are one of the safest places to be in London.
Black cage is included.
Black caiman appear to be more selective about where they nest than their spectacled cousins are.
Black caiman appear to have a social hierarchy.
Black caimen eat fish.
Most black caimen eat fish.
Some black caimen have bony ridges.
Some black caimen have dark spots.
Some black caimen have ranges.
Some black caimen have ridges.
Some black caimen have spots.
Black calcite is found in some concretions due to the abundance of organic hydrocarbons.
Black calves reach maturity.
Black calves reach sexual maturity.
Black calves stay with mothers.
Most black calves reach maturity.
Most black calves reach sexual maturity.
Most black calves stay with mothers.
Black cameras attract less attention.
Black candles are extinguished and buried in the earth mound along with the black garments.
Black candlesticks represent a closing price lower than the opening.
Black cankers form on the underground parts of stems and the disease often spreads in storage.
Black cankers form on the underground parts of the stem.
Black canvas is used for all except the letters, which are cut from clear canvas.
Black cap covers eyes, crosses chin and ends at yellow nape.
Black caps complete the system.
Black caps cover both ends.
All Black caps are up for grabs.
Black captions indicate that at least some links are available under that heading.
Black cars are tough to photograph.
Black cars can look a little sterile or silvery white in the direct sunlight.
Black cars get hotter in the summer sun than white cars.
Some black carapaces have skin.
Black carbon has a far shorter lifetime in the atmosphere than carbon dioxide or methane.
Black cardamom has a fresh and aromatic aroma which is complex in nature.
Black cardamom has a fresh and aromatic aroma.
Black cardamom has coolness similar to that of mint .
Black cardamom has coolness similar to that of mint.
Black cardamom is blunter, the eucalyptus and camphor suggestions very pronounced.
Black cardamoms have antibacterial properties.
Black cardamoms have properties.
Most black cardamoms have antibacterial properties.
Most black cardamoms have properties.
Black caregivers report doing more self-care tasks, or ADLs, for their family member.
Black carp have huge molars for crushing the shells of the snails and mussels that it likes to eat.
Black cartoonists bring new color to the comics.
Black case shown is included with each thermometer at the listed prices.
A black cat is a carnivore
Black cat crosses behind the bus.
Black cats are also a favorite.
Black cats are bad luck.
Black cats are creatures of good fortune.
Black cats are evil.
Black cats are military units.
Black cats are on the prowl.
Black cats cross paths.
Black cats has religious origins as well.
Black cats have a long history of association with evil.
Black cats howling on a fence, Look out, children.
Black cats keep away disease and evil, and golden cats invites money, of course.
Black cats look for dinner.
Black cats seem to be the object of most of the cat superstitions.
Black cats tend to go unnoticed.
Most black cats look for dinner.
Black catches bass everywhere all the time.
Black cells indicate roads, structures, or bare soil.
Black chaff appears on the kernels as dark stripes on the glumes.
Black chaff is a bacterial disease that affects the glumes of developing wheat heads.
Black chaff is a bacterial infection of the glumes.
Black chaff is rare in Kansas.
Black chaff is the only other disease that often causes awn banding like glume blotch.
Black checkers have a hole drilled in the center for easy identification.
Black cheeks feature a solid ferrule with a filigree ferrule hugging each end.
A black cherry is a cherry
Black cherries are wild cherries.
Black cherries come to mind with hints of vanilla and a smooth lingering finish on the pallet.
Black cherry appears to be another good indicator of ozone.
Black cherry can remain dormant for three or more years.
Black cherry is a deciduous tree with a dense oval crown and pendulous branches.
Black cherry is another valuable wood and food source.
Black cherry is intolerant of flooding.
Black cherry is one of the commonest early-succession trees.
Black cherry is one of the most valued cabinet and furniture woods in North America.
Black cherry is second only to black walnut in value as a fine hardwood species.
Black cherry leaves.
Black cherry meets black pepper.
Black cherry tolerates a wide range of soil drainage.
Black chert is called flint.
Black chicks have wings.
All black chicks has the hottest ebony erotica.
Most black chicks have wings.
Black chickens have a coarser meat than that of other chickens.
Black children are also more likely to be successful if they have a stepfather in the house.
Black children are also over-represented.
Black children are far more likely to live in concentrated poverty .
Black children are half as likely as Caucasian children to have the problem.
Black children are in a state of emergency.
Black children are most likely to have television rules.
Black children are ten times more likely than white children to be born with extra fingers.
Black children are three times as likely as whites to be hospitalized for treatment of asthma.
Black children benefit also by gaining a sense of pride in their unique heritage.
Black children grow up poor and remain poor.
Black children have black parents.
Black children have the highest risk of developing lead poisoning.
Black children have the right to be bused across town for a poor education.
Black children have to grow up very quickly, for their lives are so utterly brutalized.
Black children perform the songs and rhymes in a family and extended-family environment.
Black children play nosily in the front yard.
Black children remain months longer in foster care than white children of the same age.
Every black child is a child of destiny.
Some black chrome has only a smoked glass look, but some looks almost like lamp black.
Black church choirs around the country continue to sing both gospel and spirituals.
Black cinders abound on the mountains, and a kind of grey pumice stone is found in the valleys.
Black cinema seems to be experiencing some of a renaissance in recent years.
Black circle is the center of gravity .
Black circles are residues conserved only between the monoamine transporters.
Black circles are statistically significant sites.
Black circles correspond to inhibitory connections,open circles to excitatory.
Black circles represent species' mean depth of occurrence.
Black circles represent total richness.
Black circles represent zebra populations from the northern part of their range.
Some black circles indicate locations.
Black citizens are tired, they're scared in their homes.
Black citizens are tired.
Black citizens are underrepresented on juries.
Black clergy seem more enthused about the faith-based initiative than their white counterparts.
Black clients feel threathened in such a situation and often results in a tendency to avoid.
Black clips look better than white ones.
Black cloth covers over embossed boards.
Black cloth covers.
Black cloth reflects less than black paper.
Black clothing is common in emo and goth subculture .
Black clothing is common in emo and goth subculture.
Black clouds are books.
Black clouds fill the sky with permeating darkness.
Black clouds flow through grey still skies.
Black clouds roll, aroused, ahead of rustling sheets of piercing Arctic air.
Black clouds sweep in, shutting out the stars.
Black clouds swirling in the gray sky add to the mysterious luminosity of the brilliant white peak.
Black clouds thunder into a storm.
Black coal contains less ash and woody fragments.
Black coating is either lava spatter or manganese.
Black cobras have habitats.
Black cobras have no fixed habitat.
Black cobras strike prey.
Most black cobras have habitats.
A black cock is a grouse
Black cock is good for white girls.
Black cocks fuck white.
Black cocks gay porno.
Some black cockatoos have similarity.
Black cod is also very popular in the hospitality sector.
Black cod is very popular in Japan.
Black cod offers a rich, succulent flavor and is often found in fine dining establishments.
Black coffee can sober up a drunken person.
Black coffee can sober up someone who is drunk.
Black coffee is bitter.
Black coffee is play.
Black coffee is practically calorie-free.
Black coffee is served.
Black coffee tastes like ass.
A black cohosh is a tracheophyte
Black cohosh balances hormones, False unicorn, wild yam, and dong quai help increase fertility.
Black cohosh contains salicylic acid.
Black cohosh contains several other substances including starch and sugars.
Black cohosh has a history as a folk medicine for relieving menstrual cramps.
Black cohosh is a member of the buttercup family.
Black cohosh is a native North American herb that has been used to alleviate symptoms of menopause.
Black cohosh is a native plant of North America.
Black cohosh is a phytoestrogen, which means it has mild, estrogen-like properties.
Black cohosh is a rising star on the herbal horizon.
Black cohosh is a wildflower native to forests in North America.
Black cohosh is an interesting herb.
Black cohosh is antispasmodic, astringent, diuretic, expectorant, sedative, and emmenagogue.
Black cohosh is available in pills, liquids, and extracts.
Black cohosh is native to forests in several states, including Missouri.
Black cohosh is native to the eastern U.S. and Canada.
Black cohosh is relatively easy to grow and there has been a trend toward cultivation in Europe.
Black cohosh is still one of the best-selling herbs for menopausal symptoms.
Black collar ties it all together.
Black colleges are great institutions of higher learning just like any other university.
Black colleges have as much, or perhaps more, right to exist than any other college.
Black colleges have representation on each of the teams.
Black color can develop because of oxidation.
Black color helps hide soiling in industrial application.
Black color helps hide soiling in industrial job applications.
Black color is prepared by holding an earthen plate over the smoke of a burning wick.
Black color is probably due to micron-sized carbonaceous matter or clay.
Black color is shown below, with white embroidery.
Black color looks kind of mean.
Black color makes it difficult to see the contents.
Black color provides a nonreflective background.
Black color represents monk.
Black colors represent neutral.
Black coloring appears behind the ears, on the tip of the tail, and there are shadings on the face.
Black colour agrees with earth.
Black colour is derived from chickpea and yellow from the skin of pomegranate.
Black colour varies, according to the subspecies.
A black comedy is a comedy
Black comedies are comedies.
Black comedies carry an insignificant plot.
Black comedy is difficult to do well.
Black comedy provides a simple solution to such a problem.
Black comfort grips.
Black communities appear to have an almost endemic mistrust of their leaders.
Black communities are hugely over-represented in poverty figures.
Black communities are now attractive target markets for the big funeral companies .
Black communities are still like that today.
Black communities have been hardest hit, the report says.
Many black communities share in a tradition of printed funeral programs.
Black composers are in a worse predicament.
Black composition grips.
Black composition handle with green rubberized inlay for sure grip.
Black computers look much more powerful than fishbelly white ones.
Black consciousness is as important for white people as it is for blacks.
Black consumers continue to out spend all other consumers.
Black consumers differ in their demographics, life-styles, and purchasing habits.
Black contours are greater than or equal to zero.
Black contours correspond to zero displacement.
More black convicts face capital punishment than whites.
Black cops profile too.
Black coral grows here like huge trees.
Black coral grows here.
Black coral is very beautiful and is very expensive.
Black coral protects against negativity.
Black corals are carnivores.
Black corals are colonial animals related to sea anemones and stony corals.
Black corals are the only exclusively colonial zoantharians.
Black corals prefer deeper water.
Black core can indicate structural weakness in roofing tile.
Black costumes are more chic than athletic.
Black costumes can further limit the visibility of young pedestrians to drivers.
A black cottonwood is a cottonwood
Black cottonwood ranks among the tallest deciduous trees in the riparian ecosystem.
Black cottonwoods produce weak, light clear wood.
Black cows are beautiful.
Black cows graze on knee-high grass.
Black cowboys drive their horsetrailers onto the ranch.
Black crabs creep along mangrove roots.
Black crakes inhabit freshwater marshy areas and swamps, needing water and vegetation for cover.
Black crakes live in estuaries.
Most black crakes live in estuaries.
Some black crakes feed on aquatic vertebrates.
Some black crakes feed on vertebrates.
Some black crakes have broad wings.
Some black crakes have wings.
Some black crakes lose ability.
A black crappie is a crappie
Black crappie are silver-olive with numerous black or green splotches on the sides.
Black crappie are structure and cover-oriented fish.
Black crappie are the only panfish with a size and creel limit.
Black crappies are also present but few in number.
Black crappies are crappies.
Black crappies are far more prevalent.
Black crappies provide good fishing opportunities.
Black crappies thrive in clear, natural lakes and reservoirs with moderate vegetation.
Black Creek is a five-mile trip.
Black Creek offers excellent largemouth bass fishing.
Black crosses show positions of occultation points and two Viking lander sites.
Black crossovers can be high.
Black crows swirl shrieking from oaks with fluttering snap of long black robes.
Black crowberry is found from sea level to alpine zones.
Black culture exists.
Black culture is accepted by suburban youth as well as the world.
Black culture is fluid, it changes from place to place and over time.
Black culture is the essential signifier for cultural modernism and post-modernism.
Black culture is the total bond as well as a specific self-identity.
Black culture predominates along the street and sidewalks.
Black cumin has a strong flavor, resembling fennel.
Black cumin is an excellent healer.
A black currant is a currant
Black currant remains the dominant flavor as it continues over the tongue.
Black currants are currants.
Black currants are part of black currants.
Black currants are ripe when the fruit has a deep, purple-black color.
Black currants grow on woody shrubs and are frankly homely beside their glossy relations.
Black currants have a strong and unusual flavor.
Black currants have flavor.
Black currants have unusual flavor.
Black currants perform better when different cultivars are grown together.
Black currants produce fruit on young new wood of the previous season's growth.
Black currants produce fruit.
Black currants sweeten and highlight the mild flavor of China teas.
Most black currants have flavor.
Most black currants have unusual flavor.
Most black currants produce fruit.
Black curve is prediction for flat universe.
Black cutworm has four tubercles of unequal diameter on the top of each body segment.
Black cutworm has four tubercles of unequal diamter on the top of each body segment.
Black cutworm is a pest of corn in Iowa, occasionally causing economic loss.
Black cutworm is just one harmful pest during the summer.
Black cutworm remains a potential threat.
Black cutworms continue to cause damage to cornfields across Iowa.
Black cutworms feed at the base of the turfgrass plant.
Black dates indicate student days.
Black daylilies are really very dark reds or purples.
Black death has effects.
Black death is a disease that swept all over Europe and killed thousands of people.
Most black death has effects.
Black dendrites are on white, tan and brown agate.
A black diamond is a diamond
Black diamond is mined in England and desired because of it's mirror-like polish.
Black diamonds are, additionally, often pitted and very difficult to cut.
Black diamonds indicate where handicap entrances are located.
Black diamonds represent individual dens.
Black dictators bankrupt their people.
Black directors get about five percent of the jobs, up dramatically from ten years ago.
Black directors have their thing.
Black disc comes in case, with no inserts.
Black discs kick ass over a stupid cup any day of the week.
Black disease occurs in sheep in areas where liver flukes are known to occur.
Black doctors are also five times more likely to be general practitioners than specialists.
Black doctorates are scarcer than hen's teeth, so they command a higher salary.
Black dog stands beside girl in golden dress sitting in formal chair.
Black dogs absorb more of the sun's rays than do dogs with lighter-colored coats.
Black dogs absorb the sun's rays, so they get hot more quickly than lighter-colored dogs.
Black dogs appear on scenes.
Black dogs are lucky, whilst yellow ties are unlucky.
Black dogs are more susceptible to the heat.
Black dogs are rare in Britain.
Most black dogs appear on scenes.
Black doghouses absorb heat and stay warmer in winter.
Black dot can cause greater shrinkage of infected tubers in storage than non-infected ones.
Black dot denotes the pupillary position with the head held straight.
Black dot represents storm motion vector.
Black dots are different amino acids.
Black dots are events whose relation to the focal event is yet to be determined.
Black dots are vortices.
Black dots develop in areas.
Black dots form a grid on a white background.
Black dots indicate data locations.
Black dots indicate examples of roles and actions involved in each stage.
Black dots indicate shot point locations.
Black dots indicate stops.
Black dots indicate the average temperature during each interval.
Black dots indicate the consumer in that column feeds upon the resource in that row.
Black dots indicate the reflecting points for each interface.
Black dots lead to other panoramas.
Black dots mean occupied sites.
Black dots pepper the rainbow s back, tail, fins and the wide red patch on each side.
Black dots represent electrons , and the arrows show the electric field .
Black dots represent melanic species.
Black dots represent standard deviation of average score.
All black dots are oligodendrocyte nuclei.
Some black dots represent positions.
Black dresses are chic.
Most black drivers are taxi drivers, chauffeurs or bus-drivers.
Black drum are good in the ship channel on finger mullet and fresh dead.
Black drum are gray or black colored with a high arched back.
Black drum can and do spawn more than once a year.
Black drum occur throughout the Gulf of Mexico, up the Atlantic to Maine and even down to Brazil.
Black drum show their much darker tails when feeding.
A black duck is a duck
Black ducks are closely related to mallards and are often mistaken for females of that species.
Black ducks are ducks.
Black ducks breed on the area as do a wide variety of marsh and song birds.
Black ducks eat invertebrates and seeds in bottomland hardwoods.
Black ducks have brown plumages.
Black ducks have no white coloration above the speculum.
Black ducks have plumages.
Black ducks use wetlands for nesting and raising young.
Most black ducks have brown plumages.
Most black ducks have plumages.
Black dude laughs at the video.
Black dye is released uniformly from the surface.
Black editors help expand the Rolodexes.
Black elite is just like the upper class White people.
Black employees say there's an atmosphere.
Black employment empowers the black community.
Black enamel fill.
Black enamel hoofs, eye, and nose.
Black entertainment is big business.
Black entrepreneurs get a boost A non-profit group has issued four small loans so far.
Black exterior is complimented by the black and white interior.
A black eye is contusion
Black eye rims.
Black eyes accuse the cause, shame the doubt.
Black eyes are albums.
Black eyes are common after the surgery.
Black eyes are diseases.
Black eyes are eyes.
Black eyes come in assorted sizes.
Black eyes watch from a tree.
Most black eyes are relatively minor injuries.
Black eyeliner is a staple.
Black fabric is in stock.
Black fabric is standard with vinyl optional.
Black face cows, calves.
Black faces are neutral, they mean powerful and intelligent.
Black faculty are crucial as role models, mentors, and advisors.
Black fallow are actually a dark brown with paler underparts.
Black families experience isolation and the loss of civil and social rights in other forms.
Black families lack strong parental discipline.
Black families reside across town in crude wooden homes beside dirt roads.
Many black families come into the state for reunions.
Most black families stay together because of the strength of a black woman in the household.
Black fathers are more likely than White fathers to stay involved.
Black feathers contrast sharply with the white bill.
Black feathers cover the head and crest, continuing about halfway down the back.
Black feathers extend far beyond the rest of the long, wedge shaped tail.
Black feathers grow on the back and the head White feathers cover the belly.
Black feathers have tips.
Black feathers surround the lemon-yellow eyes.
Most black feathers have tips.
Black females are far more likely to be murdered by black males than white females by white males.
Black females average only one drink per week.
Black females complete high school at higher rates than Black males.
Black females continue to have the highest attendance rate.
Black females drop out at a rate of one in three.
Black females have very low rates of use.
Black females have yet to enjoy the full benefits of their suffering and hard labor.
Black feminists believe that sexism and racism are bound together.
Black feminists feel the same way about serious discussions of gender and race.
Black feminists produce coalitions against racist state policies.
Black field crickets have years.
Black fields are deep and solid.
Black files are in both directories but have different contents.
Black films stereotype the urban community more than any other type of film.
Black finish is shipped with black epoxy coated shelving and matching price tag molding.
Black finish matches any decor.
Black finish tends to scratch easily.
A black fly is a gnat
Black flies are a scourge to livestock in Canada, causing weight loss in cattle and sometimes death.
Black flies are daytime biters preferring low wind conditions.
Black flies are flies.
Black flies are insects.
Black flies are minute, stout bodied and humpbacked.
Black flies are small enough to pass through window screen or come indoors on or in the hair.
Black flies are small, dark, chunky flies that look humpbacked.
Black flies are unusually sneaky and persistent.
Black flies blunder blindly along en masse, silently, stealthily.
Black flies bothersome in northeast Minnesota.
Black flies bothersome in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area.
Black flies breed exclusively in running water.
Black flies breed in running water, unlike mosquitoes, which breed in stagnant water.
Black flies can discriminate between colors often preferring black, blue and green.
Black flies can occur in enormous numbers.
Black flies contract the parasites by feeding on an already infected person.
Black flies get into the nose, eyes, ears and mouth and crawl into clothing when abundant.
Black flies get into the nose, eyes, ears, and mouth and crawl into clothing when abundant.
Black flies hatch in cold running water.
Black flies have one to several generations per year.
Black flies live as larvae in shallow, clear, fast-running water in rivers and streams.
Black flies raise welts that itch for a month.
Black flies remain active all day.
Black flies serve as vectors of human and animal diseases in some areas of the world.
Black flies spend most of their lives in running water.
Black foam padded handles feature a ball bearing swivel for better mobility with either function.
Black foil is a matte black aluminum material that absorbs light.
Black folk begin to conserve their tears and they keep getting up.
Black folk have no monopoly on odd names.
Black folk is vocal minority.
Black folk live under a regime of terror in their communities and homes.
Black folk seem to know how to cook .
Black folks are verbal.
Black folks can never be racists.
Black folks know that.
Black folks see reincarnation as a way of working out the unfulfilled longings of their ancestors.
Black folks sit on the porch.
Black foot ferrets drink water.
Black feet tend to be harder, with more of a tendency towards brittleness.
A black fox is a fox
Black fox have black tipped guard hairs, and silver fox are black with white tipped guard hairs.
Black frames are standard but other colors are available.
Black frames represent months where there is no data.
Black frogfishs open mouths.
Black fruit is edible.
Black fruit predominates in the mouthfeel, coats the back palate.
Black fruits abound from the bouquet to the mouth-watering finish.
Black fruits are present when mature.
Black fungi contain polysaccharides.
Black fur edges the outer rims of the ears.
Black gangs are usually heavily involved in making money , or as they refer to it, Clocking Dollars.
Black gangs hanging out are the problem.
Black gangs tend to identify themselves by adopting certain colors.
Black generation is the process of calculating the amount of black to be used.
Black gesso is particularly useful when working with a chiaroscuro technique.
Black girl wants penpal Black girl personals of black African girls who seek penpals.
Black girls are always pregant and on welfare.
Black girls wiggle the black booty.
Most black girls have better asses than white girls.
Some black girls use calcium.
Black glands can occur along the margins in an open, flat-topped group.
Black glass beads together with oxidized white metal.
Black glass beads with a open floral pattern.
Black glass tells a sad, sad tale.
Black gloves shown, many colors are available.
Black gold is a common reference to humus.
Black gospel is usually traditional music, often choir-oriented.
Black grains are hornblende and biotite.
Black grains are magnetite.
A black grama is grass
Black grama can carry fire if cover is dense and conditions are windy.
Black granite embodies the mystery, grandeur, and unyielding qualities of Lake Superior.
Black granite provides the best surface for photo engraveture.
Black granules are characteristic of a positive reaction.
Black grapes can range from red to deep blue-black.
Black grass bugs damage plants in the spring by piercing and sucking the contents of cells.
Black grenade shells on leg instead of gray.
Black grid marks one degree latitude and longitude lines.
Black grip is checkered and has red, white and black enamel swastika insert.
Black grounds suffer when opposed to colours which give a luminous complimentary.
Black groups write racist graffiti.
A black guillemot is a guillemot
Black guillemots show a variety of social behaviors towards each other.
Black gum is an eucalyptus tree
Black gum needs an acid soil.
Black guys are about the same size as white guys.
Black guys are welcome to eat bagels all they want.
Black guys help the white guys.
Black guys know it, and revel in it.
Black guys look good bald.
All black guys are extremely well hung.
Black hacks like to play upon the threat of violence.
Black hacks tend to congregate around a few popular topics.
Black hacks try to fit the stereotype to get a few laughs.
Black hair carries extreme amounts of eumelanin and is less dense than the other hair colors .
Black hair carries extreme amounts of eumelanin and is less dense than the other hair colors.
Black hair grows curly and coarse.
Black hair has a flattened elliptical cross-sectional shape.
Black hair intrigues a lot of people, too.
Black hair is long and wavy.
Black hair is particularly common.
Black hair is thicker than is red hair.
Black hair rolls back in waves.
Black hair wth large bangs facing to the right.
Black hairs grow all over the neck and chest, and they have bigger dark circles around their eyes.
Black hats go to businessmen and capitalists, white hats to union leaders and social liberals.
Black head is darker than back.
Black headings have no links attached.
Black helicopters dot the sky.
A black henbane is a herb
Black henbane is narcotic and poisonous to humans .
Black henna can cause problems for certain people.
Black heroes save the ghetto from the bad guys.
Black heterosexuality is shrouded by even deeper layers of silence and aversion.
Black history goes on every day.
Black history happens every month.
Black history is American history.
Black history is everyone's history.
Black history is often invisible.
Black history is old history.
Black history is part of American history.
Black history is so important and it's wonderful to have a musical performance celebrating that.
Black history's the reminder of our ancestor's committal.
Black holder is available by request.
A black hole is a region
Black hole excites astronomers.
Black holes are a key to understanding the early evolution of the universe.
Black holes are a sensation that astronomers are still very puzzled with.
Black holes are also singularities, and singularities make scientists nervous.
Black holes are among nature's most fascinating creations.
Black holes are areas of intense gravitational attraction.
Black holes are areas of intense gravitational pressure.
Black holes are astronomical objects.
Black holes are basically large masses that have collapsed onto themselves.
Black holes are believed to form from massive stars at the end of their life times.
Black holes are big.
Black holes are black because gravity is so strong.
Black holes are black for the same reason.
Black holes are blackness.
Black holes are by now well known, and wormholes are beginning to make the charts.
Black holes are compact, dense powerhouses at the core of galaxies.
Black holes are cool.
Black holes are deep wells in the fabric of space and time.
Black holes are even smaller than neutron stars.
Black holes are extremely compact objects.
Black holes are fairly small on a universal scale.
Black holes are fantastic sources of very strong gravitational fields.
Black holes are fascinating.
Black holes are films.
Black holes are forever.
Black holes are formed by dying super-massive stars.
Black holes are formed by the collapse of massive stars, stars many times the size of our own sun.
Black holes are formed when massive stars die.
Black holes are heavenly bodies.
Black holes are huge, containing as much material as millions or billions of suns.
Black holes are incredibly massive objects that suck nearly all nearby matter inward.
Black holes are incredibly massive, but cover only a small region.
Black holes are like bottomless pits from which nothing escapes.
Black holes are located in space.
Black holes are located in universes.
Black holes are massive objects that only flare with light when they engulf nearby stars.
Black holes are massive star-like objects that only flare with light when they engulf nearby stars.
Black holes are much more benign than that.
Black holes are no different than planets or stars except in power and strength.
Black holes are notoriously destructive, but their creative potential has gradually come to light.
Black holes are one type of compact object.
Black holes are perhaps the most fascinating and bizarre of all the objects in space.
Black holes are Pink.
Black holes are points in space that are extraordinarily dense.
Black holes are predicted by the theory of general relativity .
Black holes are probably the weirdest objects in space.
Black holes are really just the final step of the life cycle of a massive star.
Black holes are regions.
Black holes are roller coasters.
Black holes are so massive that their escape velocity is faster than the speed of light.
Black holes are some of the strangest and most fascinating objects found in outer space.
Black holes are stars that have collapsed into one very small point .
Black holes are stars that have collapsed into one very small point.
Black holes are the answer.
Black holes are the densest objects in the universe.
Black holes are the end point of gravitational clumping, the highest entropy state of matter.
Black holes are the energy engines for AGNs.
Black holes are the final stage of a star's development.
Black holes are the result of burned out stars that have collapsed on themselves.
Black holes are the vacuum cleaners of the solar system.
Black holes are tremendously powerful, and the field it generates is also powerful.
Black holes are truly black.
Black holes are ubiquitous in the universe, and their intense gravity can be explored.
Black holes are usually in the center of quasars and characteristically have accretion disks.
Black holes are usually small in size.
Black holes are very compact and yet contain phenomenal amounts of mass.
Black holes are very different.
Black holes are voracious, but proceed slowly.
Black holes are vortex drains returning matter back to empty space.
Black holes are where god divides by zero.
Black holes arise in general relativity, a classical theory of gravity.
Black holes can also be quiet.
Black holes can be almost any size, from a few miles to as large as the solar system.
Black holes can be dangerous.
Black holes can be fun to play with.
Black holes can come in many sizes.
Black holes can even increase their mass by absorbing gas and stars in their environment.
Black holes can form form astronomical objects by gravitational collapse.
Black holes can provide extreme amounts of energy.
Black holes can, theoretically, come in any size.
Black holes come in different sizes.
Black holes come in sizes from stellar to galactic.
Black holes do and can get small.
Black holes do exist.
Black holes do release a slight bit of light as they evaporate, as postulated by Hawking.
Black holes emit no alarms.
Black holes emit no light.
Black holes evaporate slowly by radiation.
Black holes exert a tremendous gravitational pull.
Black holes exist in space, and mark the edge of space and time.
Black holes exist.
Black holes have a boundary of no return.
Black holes have a very intense gravitational field.
Black holes have an image problem.
Black holes have large, dark masses concentrated in small volumes.
Black holes have mass, which makes the presence of a black hole felt by any object near it.
Black holes have tremendous gravitational forces.
Black holes mean oblivion.
Black holes move around the same way any other mass does.
Black holes occur when stars of a certain size use up all of their nuclear fuel.
Black holes remain terrific fodder for science fiction books and movies.
Black holes represent the most extreme form of matter in the universe.
Black holes reward a closer look.
Black holes spawn new universes .
All black holes are entities that produce a tremendous amount of gravity.
All black holes contain a horizon, which is the surface of the black hole.
Many black holes acquire an envelope of gas and dust called an accretion disk.
Most black holes are hot.
Most black holes bear an accretion disk of super-heated plasma.
Most black holes originate from a collapsing star.
Most black holes tend to be in a consistent spinning motion as a result of the gravitational waves.
Some black holes are also responsible for quasars .
Some black holes are also responsible for quasars.
Some black holes are perfectly spherical - like a ball .
Some black holes are perfectly spherical - like a ball.
Some black holes are the end product for massive stars as they evolve.
Some black holes have a large star such as an O or B star as the companion.
Some black holes have companion stars whose gases they pull off.
Some black holes have gravity.
Some black holes have masses several times the mass of the Earth's Sun.
Some black holes have strong gravity.
Some black holes have such strong gravity.
Black hollyhock looks great against a wall.
Black homosexuals are many degrees removed from the television's image of normalcy.
Black hood extends from crown, around neck and under throat, setting off dark eye and yellow face.
Some black hoofs are brittle and break off easily while others are solid.
Black horses signify postponements and anticipations.
Black horses strike the fancy of many people.
Black households spend more than average on jewelry, cars and home electronics.
Black housewives seem to be the most disparate group.
Black howler monkeys have prehensile tails.
Black howler monkeys have tails.
Black howler monkeys use tails.
Black howlers live in troops with one male dominating all the rest.
Black humor abounds.
Black humor is morbid or unhealthy and gloomy humor.
Black humor is more of a state of mind than anything.
Black humor is obviously one of the main defense mechanisms.
Black humor is style
Black humor permeates every form of media, and it shows up in all but the most sacred death rituals.
Black humor prevails even in the darkest hours.
Black humor uses devices often associated with tragedy and is sometimes equated with tragic farce.
Black humour is sprinkled over kitsch scruff to offset camp frolics.
Black humour is style
Black humour raises questions about the autonomy of a work of art .
Black ice happens when it rains and then the temperature falls below freezing.
Black ice is a great hazard for climbers and scramblers .
Black ice is a treacherous killer on Utah highways.
Black ice is especially dangerous.
Black ice is ice which forms on a roadway, usually due to snow melting and re-freezing.
Black ice is ice
Black ice is ice.
Black ice is invisible.
Black ice is likely to form first under bridges and overpasses, in shady spots and at intersections.
Black ice is more common at night and early in the morning when temperatures are lower.
Black ice is most common during the nighttime hours.
Black ice is snow melt that has frozen on the asphalt or concrete road surface.
Black ice is the cause of some of the most dangerous driving conditions during the winter.
Black ice is the name given to ice that forms on roadways in one thin, clear sheet.
Black ice is weaker than clear ice, which is characteristic earlier in the season.
Black ice occurs from condensation when a warm day turns into a cold night.
Black ice tends to form in the early morning and evening.
Black icons indicate above-average performance.
Black immigrants come here looking to themselves as their own leaders.
Black inclusions affect the value of jade.
All black individuals occur occasionally.
Black infants are more than twice as likely to die as white infants.
Black infants are more than twice as likely to die before their first birthday as white infants.
Black infants are nearly twice as likely to be preterm as white infants.
Black infants are the focus of great interest, particularly from females but also from adult males.
Black infants continue to die at twice the rate of white infants.
Black infants die at a rate more than twice that of white infants.
Black infants mature faster than White infants.
Black ink is better for photocopying.
Black ink is free, which means monochrome output costs the price of the paper.
Black ink is made using carbon black.
Black ink is much cheaper.
Black ink is obligatory.
Black ink is preferable .
Black ink is preferable.
Black ink is preferred .
Black ink is preferred.
Black ink is recommended.
Black ink is required for quality printing.
Black ink is standard.
Black ink is used for dating correspondence.
Black ink makes it much easier to photocopy reports.
Black Ink pens.
Black ink provides the greatest contrast between the words and the paper they're printed on.
Black ink reproduces the best.
Black ink works best for silver and gold bells.
Black ink works best in the image environment.
Black inks cost less.
Black institutions seek to help black students achieve.
Black intellectuals lead the struggle to dismantle affirmative action.
Black interior keep tuna calm and alive longer.
Black iron is used for strength.
Black Island is a natural paradise with old growth spruce, yellow-birch and rowan trees.
Black Island is characterized by consistent, strong winds and is near sea level.
Black Island is powered by solar cells, wind turbines, and backup generators.
Black items are generally cleanliness issues, like clean floors, walls, and ceilings.
Black items indicate a change.
Black jackrabbits are mainly nocturnal.
Black jade is probably the toughest of all jades.
Black jaguars are a melanistic variation of the spotted ones.
Black jaguars are common.
Black jaguars live in South America.
Black jeans are popular with the men.
Black jeans seem to be ok.
Black jewelry has a sophisticated look.
Black journalists feel they have been left behind in the ghetto.
Black judges are also practically unheard of.
Black keys represent half tones.
Black keys represent half-tones.
Black kids are fair game for half-baked schemes and their academic performance shows it.
Black kids are still much more likely to be in prison than their white counterparts.
Black kids become crap on the streets, and crap gets removed.
Black kids cheer for black kids.
Black kids get time.
Black kids use weed, no harder drugs.
Some black kids push a white kid to the floor of the school bathroom.
Black kits have a generous bottle of black ink only.
A black knot is a plant disease
Black knot affects cherries, plums and other members of the genus Prunus.
Black knot appears as conspicuous black elongated galls on the twigs and branches.
Black knot causes black swellings or galls on the branches.
Black knot is a disease of wild and domesticated cherries and plums.
Black knot is a problem on plums as is peach leaf curl on the peaches and nectarines.
Black knot is a very destructive fungal disease on susceptible cultivars of plum and prune.
Black knot is caused by a fungus that multiplies during wet spring weather.
Black knot is caused by a fungus.
Black knot is one of the curiosities that some people are taking notice of lately.
Black knot occurs on the woody parts of the tree such as twigs, limbs and sometimes the trunk.
Black knots are plant diseases.
Black lacquer covers the exterior and red lacquer covers the interior of the box.
Black lacquer covers the exterior and red lacquer is covers the interior of the box.
Black lacquer is optionally available.
Black lacquer is used to cover the entire surface area of the plaque.
Black lacquer is used to paint the entire piece.
Black lacquer is used to paint the entire plaque.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and interior of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer for the interior of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer is used on the interior of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer is used to paint the interior.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer the interior of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer to paint the interior of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer to paint the interior of the piece.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer to paint the interior of the scene.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior and red lacquer to paint the interior.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior of the box and red lacquer for the interior.
Black lacquer is used to paint the exterior of the box and red lacquer to paint the interior.
Black lacquer is used to paint the outside and red lacquer is used to paint the inside of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the outside and red lacquer to paint the inside of the box.
Black lacquer is used to paint the outside of the box and red lacquer to paint the inside.
Black lacquer is used to paint the remaining portions of the plaque.
Black lacquer remains in the depressions.
Black lady live three doors down.
Black Lake has NO fish consumption advisories as found in so many other waterways.
Black Lake is completely void of industry.
Black Lake is connected at two points by a road from the settlement of Stony Rapids.
Black Lake is considered to be a fishermans paradise.
Black Lake is known through out New York and surrounding States for it's fishing.
Black Lake is one of the most popular vacation and fishing destinations in New York State.
Black Lake is one of the only lakes left that is is still a premier fishery year after year.
Black Lake is the only exception.
Black Lake is turned into a crocodile sanctuary surrounded by an electric fence.
Black lawmakers take particular offense at the corporal punishment proposal.
Black lawyers say that they think the matter is far more complicated than that.
Black layer is caused by gas buildup under the green surface.
Black layers are coal seams.
Black leaders blame efforts to reform welfare and curb affirmative action.
Black leaders find the Georgia state flag racially offensive.
Black leaders have to recognize that trend.
Black leaders say soaring infection rate among minorities an emergency.
Black leaders say that profiling is more widespread that most people think.
Black leaders think of little else BUT race.
Many black leaders insist that too much has been made of such comments.
Some Black leaders have.
Black leadership is appointed from the highest levels of the white community.
Black leather handle with brass hilt and ring pommel.
Black leather is the best seller.
Black leather trim with handle.
Black leg appears as the blackening of the stems at the base of the affected plant.
Black leg causes plant stems to turn black.
Black leg is prevalent.
Black legs are available.
Some black legislators have state jobs and are vulnerable to political pressure.
Black lemurs are limited to the extreme northwestern tip of Madagascar and a few outlying islands.
Black lemurs are omnivorous, eating both plant and animal matter.
Black lemurs are tree dwellers.
Black lemurs eat fruit.
Black lemurs feed on fruit and leaves, and the amount of each varies with seasonal availabiltiy.
Most black lemurs eat fruit.
Some black lemurs have particular breed seasons.
Some black lemurs have seasons.
Black leopards are more common in areas with denser trees.
Black leopards are the smallest members of the big cat family in terms of both size and weight.
Black lesbians demonstrate voyeuristic tendencies while engaging in xxx sex.
Black lesions are sometimes visible on the stem at or near ground level.
Black lesions grow on the leaves with greasy margins on the leaf veins.
Black lesions occur on lower leaves and stems.
A black letter is a case
Black letters distinguish visible flaps, points, creases or edges when necessary.
Black level changes every second with lot of compression sqare effects.
Black level is also good and a high degree of shadow detail is evident.
Black level is also very good as substantial shadow detail is prevalent in the darker scenes.
Black level is dead on with excellent shadow detail.
Black level is deep and solid.
Black level is deep and the image is sharply focused.
Black level is deep and true.
Black level is excellent and contrast range gives the picture plenty of pop.
Black level is fair but shadow detail is generally good.
Black level is incredibly strong but never too dark, and shadow detailing is also nice.
Black level is mediocre throughout, with poor shadow definition.
Black level is natural as well, never impairing detail levels.
Black level is near-perfect, and contrast solid.
Black level is solid and shadow detail is also generally quite good.
Black level is solid throughout.
Black level is solid, contrast and color rendition perfect.
Black level refers to the degree of blackness in an image.
Black level varies greatly, although correct most of the time.
Black levels are a bit weak but apart from that, everything looks fantastic.
Black levels are a little dark, but nothing drastic.
Black levels are a little soft, sometimes subject to varying degrees of contrast.
Black levels are a tad bit off, and the color balance is a bit 'iffy' here and there as well.
Black levels are also dead-on, resulting in some really impenetrable looking night scenes.
Black levels are also outstanding, and they possess a great deal of depth as well as detail.
Black levels are also solid thoughout.
Black levels are also top drawer, with no shadow layering issues or detail loss.
Black levels are also top notch, with perfect detail, even in the darkest shadows.
Black levels are appropriately deep.
Black levels are correct and sharp, detail is high as well.
Black levels are correct, and provide excellent detail level, even in the darkest shadows.
Black levels are correct, rendering excellent shadow layering and darkness detail.
Black levels are correct, with good shadow layering and detail levels.
Black levels are correct, with no shadow layer issues, and detail level is perfect as well.
Black levels are correct, with no shadow layering problems and high visible detail levels.
Black levels are deep and correct as well, with good shadow separation and no detail loss.
Black levels are deep and steady, while brightness is even.
Black levels are deep and well defined, with excellent visible detail and no shadow errors.
Black levels are even and deep, colors crisp and vibrant.
Black levels are exceptionally good and edge enhancement is kept to a minimum.
Black levels are firmly rooted, however white levels are all over the place.
Black levels are good, as is overall sharpness and clarity.
Black levels are good, as is shadow detail for the most part.
Black levels are good, but a little on the light side at times.
Black levels are on target and the edge enhancement is minimal.
Black levels are outstanding and the shadow delineation is impressive.
Black levels are perfect, with deep detail levels and no shadow errors to report.
Black levels are rich and deep, with little picture break-up from artifacting.
Black levels are right on and edge enhancement is kept to a minimum as well.
Black levels are right on target.
Black levels are right on, and edge enhancement is at a minimum.
Black levels are sharp and accurate, with perfect shadow layering and no detail loss.
Black levels are solid, along with rich, gorgeous colors and excellent brightness.
Black levels are solid, but appear to be a little too deep resulting in a loss of shadow detail.
Black levels are strong and natural, with no detail loss and excellent shadow layering.
Black levels are very good as well.
Black levels are very good giving the film a lot of shadow detail and extra depth.
Black levels are very good, with minimal noise and grain.
Black levels are very good.
Black levels are well calibrated and even throughout.
Black levels are well calibrated and noise is almost non-existent.
Black levels are well calibrated while dirt and lint are practically non-existent.
Black levels are well calibrated, as is brightness and saturation.
Black levels look a bit iffy.
Black levels look good and there's no heavy grain or print damage.
Black levels look good but seem overly dark.
Black levels look sharp, with great shadow layering and very detail visible at all times.
Black levels seem correct, with no detail loss and only minor shadow layering problems.
Black levels seem to be right on track and edge enhancement is minimal.
Black levels weren t quite as fantastic, but they consistently appeared clear and dense.
Black life is tough enough.
Black light is albums.
Black light is light.
Black light is still worth using, however.
Black light is used in theater for special effects and for complete productions.
Black light makes the space glow with hazy memories of a giant freshman dorm room.
Black lights are best.
Black lights are ideal for ceramics and paintings.
Black lights are of little value as attractants for mosquitoes.
Black lights are the most attractive.
Black lights can help enhance the glow of any phosphorescent material.
Black lights make a painting of a dragon glow and lights pulse from the deejay booth.
Black lighting is adventuresome and fun.
Black limousines glide swift into forever.
Black line indicates the derecho track.
Black line is tornado track.
Black line refers to the railway.
Black line represents global radius of rotation.
Black lines are direction of player movement - following the throw.
Black lines are direction of player movement.
Black lines are environmental units boundaries.
Black lines are faults.
Black lines are old cracks in the ice that have refrozen.
Black lines are return throws to get balls back to the mound.
Black lines are return throws to start the next sequence.
Black lines are state highways and other roads.
Black lines are the mapped geological faults of the area.
Black lines are unchanged between the two panes.
Black lines correspond to opening cracks and white lines to closing cracks.
Black lines correspond to the deformed state.
Black lines divide each canvas into irregularly shaped panels.
Black lines form a clown-like triangle around the eye with a thin black eye line extending backward.
Black lines give the inferred streamlines.
Black lines indicate interspecific substitutions.
Black lines indicate observations, red dashed line indicate simulations.
Black lines indicate our standardized transects.
Black lines indicate position interpreted shorelines.
Black lines indicate position of contacts interpreted to be shorelines.
Black lines indicate presence, blue lines indicate a loss, red lines indicate unknown distribution.
Black lines indicate the boundaries of the management units of the major public areas.
Black lines mark their paths.
Black lines mark voting precincts.
Black lines represent average growth rates.
Black lines represent night and coloured bar represents day.
Black lines represent trends.
Black lines show some of the major faults that created the valley .
Black lines show some of the major faults that created the valley.
Black lines show the mesh used for inversion.
Black lines symbolize the new and unchanging while gray lines symbolize the old and changing.
Black lips peel back in a showing of fangs.
Black liquor is an integral part of the standard pulping process.
A black locust is a locust
Black locust grows naturally over a wide range of soils and topography.
Black locust grows rapidly, especially when young.
Black locust grows readily on poor sites and is used extensively in land-reclamation plantings.
Black locust has a shallow, aggressive root system.
Black locust has great structural strength and longevity.
Black locust has heavy branches that often fork fairly close to the ground.
Black locust is a food item for many wildlife species.
Black locust is a pioneer type, usually man-influenced, and temporary.
Black locust is a variable species.
Black locust is impacted by inclement weather including ice, wind, and snow.
Black locust is the check species.
Black locust is very rot resistant.
Black locust is very sensitive to poorly drained or compact plastic soils.
Black locust is very strong in bending and is one of the hardest woods in America.
Black locust leaves.
Black locust possesses virtually all of the characteristics that define a typical weed.
Black locust prefers humid climates with sandy, loamy, well-drained soils in open, sunny locations.
Black locust provides food and structural habitat for a variety of wildlife species.
Black locust transplants well, has a rapid growth rate and casts little shade.
Black locust uses The best uses of black locust, then and now.
Black locusts are wood.
Black locusts have biomass.
Black locusts have high mortality.
Black locusts have mortality.
Black locusts have sources.
Black locusts occur in fields.
Black locusts occur in patches.
Black locusts prefer conditions.
Most black locusts have biomass.
Most black locusts have high mortality.
Most black locusts have mortality.
Most black locusts have sources.
Most black locusts occur in fields.
Most black locusts occur in patches.
Most black locusts prefer conditions.
Some black locusts have biological characteristics.
Some black locusts have characteristics.
Some black locusts have foliage.
Some black locusts have green foliage.
Some black locusts have ranges.
Some black locusts have survival.
Some black locusts have trees.
Some black locusts have year survival.
A black lung is a disease
Black lung is a coal miner's disease caused by the frequent inhaling of coal dust.
Black lung is a preventable lung disease caused by breathing coal dust.
Black lung is a respiratory disease that can be caused by long-term exposure to coal dust.
Black lungs are pneumoconiosis.
Black magic deals with the forces of involution.
Black magic has malicious intent.
Black magic is an attempt to conjure evil results through assistance with evil spirits or demons.
Black magic is another area where the birds are used.
Black magic is bad.
Black magic is based on the degradation of sex and of the creative function.
Black magic is concerned with the form, with matter.
Black magic is dangerous, selfish and uncalled for.
Black magic is magic
Black magic is magic.
Black magic is mahavidya without the light of atma-vidya.
Black magic is practiced and animal sacrifices are used in sacred pagan ceremonies.
Black magic is ruled over by the moon.
Black magic is satanic and demonic.
Black magic is unadulterated selfishness.
Black magic is used for purposes while so-called white magic is summoned to perform good.
Black magic represents the magic of death.
Black magic works with opposing poles.
Black magicians inflict disease, physical danger, and unfortunate circumstances on victims.
Black males are also more likely to die from prostate cancer than are white men.
Black males are also more likely to die of prostate cancer than white males.
Black males are more likely to develop prostate cancer than white males.
Black males are the major portion of the prison population.
Black males are the worst.
Black males are thus especially susceptible to the belief that they are disposable and dispensable.
Black males come in last.
Black males have a greater likelihood of dying from cancer than any other c.
Black males have a higher risk at all ages.
Black males have higher rates of employment and lower rates of being on welfare than white males.
Black males have significantly higher incidence and mortality compared to white males.
Black males have the lowest success rate, followed by black females.
Black males make up half the prison population in America.
Black malt creates the intense color while adding a touch of roasted flavor.
Black malt gives a dark color and roasted flavor to beer.
A black mamba is a snake
Black mamba is more venomous.
Black mambas are animals.
Black mambas are fast, nervous, lethally venomous, and when threatened, highly aggressive.
Black mambas are important to our ecosystems because they keep the rodent populations in check .
Black mambas are important to our ecosystems because they keep the rodent populations in check.
Black mambas are reptiles.
Black mambas are roller coasters.
Black mambas devour their food whole.
Black mambas eat small mammals like rodents and squirrels .
Black mambas eat small mammals like rodents and squirrels.
Black mambas have a neurotoxic venom, which shuts down the nervous system and paralyzes victims.
Black mambas have coffin-shaped heads and are lithe, athletic snakes.
Black mambas have no specific predators.
Black mambas live in the savannas and rocky hills of southern and eastern Africa.
Black man knocks out black man.
Black man knocks out white man.
Black men appear to be everywhere, but the right place.
Black men are a diverse group.
Black men are especially at risk.
Black men are five times as likely to be stopped and searched.
Black men are generally violent and aggressive law breakers.
Black men are here in Ireland now.
Black men are likely to have higher qualifications than white men, according to government data.
Black men are nearly twice as likely as black women to marry outside their race.
Black men are over populating America's prisons due to repeat offenders and minor crimes.
Black men are slaves while white men enjoy liberty.
Black men are the victims.
Black men are very best basketball players in the world.
Black men continue to make up just four percent of the active electorate.
Black men develop prostate cancer at a rate one-third higher than whites.
Black men develop prostate cancer earlier and are twice as likely to die from it as are white men.
Black men die younger than whites.
Black men gay sex huge dicks.
Black men get suffrage.
Black men have a disproportionate risk.
Black men have a higher incidence than white men.
Black men have a shorter life expectancy than white men, studies show.
Black men have more than twice the prostate mortality rate as white men.
Black men have the highest incidence rates of prostate, colorectal, and lung cancer.
Black men have the highest rates of cancer of the colon, rectum, lung and bronchus.
Black men have the highest rates of the disease of any group in the world.
Black men have to get over the fear of an embarrassing rectal probe and get themselves checked out.
Black men keep style moving.
Black men live in societies.
Black men love big butts.
Black men loving Black men is a call to action, an acknowledgement of responsibility.
Black men loving black men is a revolutionary act.
Black men round male butts gay men having anal sex, huge cocks in ass.
Black men run faster, jump higher, have more endurance and are genetically superior.
Black men see white women as symbols of the white man's privileges.
Black men wear hats.
All black men speak the same language.
Every black man knows that racism is delivered in one of two ways.
Many black men are exemplary fathers, of course.
Many Black men deny their responsibilities to their families.
Many black men feel life is futile and that violence is both honorable and redemptive.
Many black men have to deal with an organized racism that affects their role in society.
More black men are in jail or prison today than in college.
Most black men are no good.
Most black men live in societies.
Most black men wear hats.
Some black men develop keloid-like scars on the back of their necks.
Some black men draw attention.
Some black men draw national attention.
Some black men have cancer.
Some black men hold spears.
Some black men hold sticks.
Some black men hold walk sticks.
Some black men rape white women.
Some black men rape women.
Some black men report intake.
Some black men report lower intake.
Some black men report potassium intake.
Some black men say black women are unrealistic in their expectations and want too much.
Black mangabeys are also prey for the crowned hawk eagle.
Black mangabeys live only in Africa.
Black mangabeys move through the trees using a mode of locomotion called arboreal quadrupedalism.
Black mangabeys tend to have dark skin and eyelids that match their facial skin.
Some black mangabeys have brown whiskers.
Some black mangabeys have whiskers.
A black mangrove is a tree
Black mangrove adapts to high salinity conditions prevalent in some areas of the estuary.
Black mangrove has hundreds of roots the size of pencils that grow up from the soil.
Black mangroves are further inland but are filled with sea water at high tide.
Black mangroves are trees.
Black mangroves blossom in spring and early summer, producing white flowers.
Black mangroves can occur farther north in Florida than the other two species.
Black mangroves grow closer to the shore where they are reached only by high tides.
Black mangroves grow farther inland.
Black mangroves have seeds.
Black mangroves have such roots , for example .
Black mangroves have such roots, for example.
Black mangroves occur together with cordgrass, particularly along the eastern shore.
Black mangroves produce seeds.
Black mangroves take over the intertidal zone and predominate area covered by high tides.
Black mangroves utilize a different strategy for aeration of root tissues.
Most black mangroves have seeds.
Most black mangroves produce seeds.
Some black mangroves grow in intertidal zones.
Some black mangroves grow in zones.
Some black mangroves have roots.
Black maple is more likely to be found along moist river bottoms.
Black maple is native to the Eastern United States and is used for maple syrup production.
Black marbles are very expensive, but acquire the correct colour when they arrive in the target bin.
Black marks appear on the debtor's credit record.
Black marker helps show the honing angle, here with a rod-guided system.
Black markers indicate the positions of start and end relative to the next range of min to max.
A black market is a market
Black market is illegal trade in goods or money.
Black markets add the danger of impure quality, erratic potency and lack of valid information.
Black markets are markets.
Black markets are quick and easy and legal market needs to be also that way.
Black markets develop when desirable products are outlawed.
Black markets offer few of the benefits of legally sanctioned trade.
Black markets opeate outside the normal ecocomy.
Black markings are mixed with the other colors.
Black markings tend to form vertical bars rather than random spots as in black crappie.
Some black markings occur on the shell and vary with variety.
A black marlin is a marlin
Black marlin are an important target species for recreational and charter game fishers.
Black masks provide anonymity and safety for individuals yet visibility as a group.
Black matter helps shield organic matter from radiation.
Black matter is found universally, especially in the amorphous state.
Black medic can be a problem weed in lawns.
Black medic has small, compact, yellow flowers that form in leaf axils.
Black medic is found throughout the continental United States.
Black medic is more active on soils low in nitrogen fertility.
Black medic produces viable seed under normal mowing conditions.
Black media are eager to publicize the expo.
Black media shapes black minds.
Black members are articulate on how they had to learn the white culture in order to survive.
Black mesh keeps the birds from getting in.
Black metal is also very controversial , especially in Norway .
Black metal is also very controversial, especially in Norway.
Black metal is an extreme subgenre and subculture of heavy metal music .
Black metal is resentful suicide.
Black metal tends to be misanthropic and hostile to modern society.
Black mileages show junctions and geographical feaures.
Black millipedes waltz on ferns below the vivid green canopy.
Black ministers are convinced the bond amounts to a clear case of taxation without representation.
Black modules are outputs to valves or relays.
Black mold belongs to the fungal family.
Black mold can cause health effects in people.
Black mold favors high temperatures.
Black mold grows on surfaces.
Black mold is one of the most common and hazardous types of mold.
Black mold is seriously unpleasant.
Black mold loves to grow in humid areas around the home.
Black mold rot.
Most black mold grows on surfaces.
Some black mold causes serious symptoms.
Some black mold causes symptoms.
Black money is the oxygen for corruption.
Black money is washed to white money.
Black moonstone is usually labradorite from Madagascar.
Black moors have matte scales.
A black morel is a morel
Black morels appear first, followed by the yellow and the highly coveted white morels.
Black moths can begin to outnumber white moths when the black moths are better camouflaged.
Black moths have offspring.
Black moths have organs.
Black moths produce more eggs than gray ones, but they die immediately after reproducing.
Most black moths have offspring.
Most black moths have organs.
Some black moths carry diseases.
Black mother feeds the rancourous scorn, sinful propagate.
Black mothers are the lowest percentage of breast-feeding mothers.
Black mothers receive less prenatal care and are almost twice as likely to be uninsured.
Every black mother dreads the call from the police department in the middle of the night.
Black motifs continue to drive advertising prices.
Black Mountain has something to offer skiers of all ability levels.
Black Mountain is a historic and grand coal mining mountain.
Black Mountain is a key source of coal in the region.
Black Mountain is an active and caring community.
Black Mountain is cradled by mountains and surrounded by gorgeous views.
Black Mountain is in both England and Wales.
Black Mountain is located in Canberra, capital of Australia.
Black Mountain is one of the oldest layouts in the city.
Black Mountain offers lift service for snowtubing and dogsledding rides.
Black mouthparts are apparent in all instars, and can be used to differentiate the larvae.
Black mulberries are also somewhat difficult to propagate since they tend to bleed a lot.
Black mulberry is a fruit tree
Some black mulch protects fruit.
Black music dates back into Africa where it was used as a primary communication form.
Black music encompasses both vocal and instrumental idioms and emanates from Africa.
Black music is a manifestation of the black spirit it speaks to our every emotion.
Black music is musical style
Black music is our people's most cherished cultural expression.
Black musicians are a significant force in British popular music.
Black mustard contains two chemicals compounds, myrosin and sinigrin.
Black mustard is an annual weed that is very competitive with artichoke in the winter months.
Black mustard is more important as a spice and oil plant, especially in India.
Black mustard is mustard
Black mustard is mustard.
Black mustard is the least fussy.
Black muzzles are usually preferred and any other color is considered a fault.
Black nails are more difficult to trim.
Black nails are more difficult, just clip a little off at a time.
Black nails are preferred.
Black natives are much more likely to be incarcerated than black immigrants.
Some black neighbors resent the suddenness with which the community changed.
Black netting covers red fabric, making a burgundy color upon which shiny black beads are attached.
Black netting is attached to the hemline.
Black netting works best to protect shrubs from destruction by deer.
Black neurons are available for hidden layers in the neural network.
Black newspapers offer insight into the history of African American communities.
Black night descends, into a world of sleep and dream.
Black night fills our souls.
Black night is a long way from home.
Black night reigns over hill and vale.
A black nightshade is a nightshade
Black nightshade is a problem in blackeye beans and cowpeas.
Black nightshade is an annual herb with a tap root.
Black nightshade is found worldwide, and is the prevalent nightshade in California.
Black nightshade is poisonous to all livestock that eat it.
Black nightshades are nightshades.
Black numbers are the backup phone numbers to call.
Black numbers indicate DNA sequence.
Black nylon handle constuction.
Black oak belongs to the red oak subgenus.
Black oak is difficult to transplant.
Black oak is found on dry ridges and gravel uplands.
Black oak is native in the eastern and southern halves of Iowa.
Black oak is oak
Black oak is oak.
Black oak rails.
Black objects absorb all colors of light because the absence of light means no light is reflected.
Black objects absorb all different wavelengths of light.
Black objects absorb all wave lengths.
Black objects absorb heat faster than the lighter colored surroundings.
Black objects are the best heat absorbers.
Black objects radiate heat better than shiny objects.
Black obsidian can have a silver, gold, or rainbow shine.
Black officers are few and far between.
Many black officers have the same prejudices as whites.
A black olive is an olive
Black olives are better than green olives .
Black olives are green olives that have been left to ripen on the tree.
Black olives are olives.
Black olives go straight into a brine solution, which promotes a lactic-acid fermentation.
Black olives make an appearance in the wine's aromatics as it sits in the glass.
Black one has velcro backing.
Black ones absorb heat.
Black ones are common in some northern parts of their range.
Black onyx is a stone first popularized in the ancient Roman days.
Black onyx is believed to assure the wearer of victory and strength.
Black onyx is most popular stone in the market today.
Black onyx is one of the richest looking gemstones.
All black onyx starts out a much lighter gray.
Much black onyx is the brownish variety that has been dyed black.
Black ooze develops in cracks in roots and stems.
A black opal is an opal
Black opal is generally more sought after and more valuable than light opal.
Black opals are a valuable type of precious opals with a dark ground color.
Black opals are much more rarer than white opals and demand a much higher price.
Black opals are opals.
Black opals have the best color and flash, and are generally the most prized.
All black opals come exclusively from Australia.
Black ore contains less apatite than grey ore.
Black outputs can generate timing pulses, sub-carrier or black burst.
Black pad is for extra heavy-duty cleaning.
Black pages have crystal clear pockets on both sides.
Black pages reflect situations of anger, frustration, and turmoil.
Black paint adds to the red mask, while white paint removes it.
Black paint can contaminate all the other coloured paints and requires intensive cleanup.
Black paint causes cracking and cupping of wood in direct sunlight.
Black paint has high absorbency and high emittance.
Black paint is used on the gondola and to add small details.
Black paint shows the most scratches, white paint shows the least.
Black panhandlers get more.
Black pants go with everything from a nice blouse to a tee shirt.
Black panther cats look for dinner.
Black panthers are able to adapt well to new environment or various circumstances.
Black panthers are adapted to living in a wide variety of habitats within their range.
Black panthers are carnivores, or meat eaters.
Black panthers are either black leopards or jaguars.
Black panthers are elusive animals.
Black panthers are less fertile, too.
Black panthers are nocturnal predators.
Black panthers are really beautiful but rare.
Black panthers become eaters.
Black panthers become man eaters.
Black panthers have claws.
Black panthers have large and strong paws and sharp claws that are used for hunting.
Black panthers have senses.
Black panthers have sharp claws.
Black panthers have whiskers.
Black panthers retract claws.
Black panthers take goats, sheep or pigs as well.
Most black panthers become eaters.
Most black panthers become man eaters.
Most black panthers have claws.
Most black panthers have senses.
Most black panthers have sharp claws.
Most black panthers have whiskers.
Some black panthers establish own home ranges.
Some black panthers establish ranges.
Some black panthers have problems.
Some black panthers swim in water.
Black paper works best.
Black parents have no duty to provide school mascots.
Black parents think the reverse.
Many black parents ignore the racial makeup of schools they like.
Black parts are black quartzs.
Black parts are transparent to the layer below.
Black parts are where saltwater crocodiles are found in the world.
Some black parts remain for replacement purposes.
Black pasta is coloured using squid ink.
Black pasta is with cuttlefish ink.
Black pats are biotite.
Black pats is manganese stains.
Black patch extends from beneath the eye to the long thin bill.
Black patches are features of archeological interest.
Black patients are at increased risk.
Black patients have subtle purplish or extra discoloration.
Black pattern shows centers with basaltic and andesitic volcanism.
Black pattern shows volcanic rocks of all compositions.
Black pavement gets hot, which keeps people on the move.
Black pearls are specialties and a major investment.
Black pearls are the ultimate romantic gift for lovers.
Black pearls are very versatile, modern and elegant, they are the diamonds of the pearl kingdom.
Black pearls derive their lustrous color from the greyish-black nacre of the oyster shell.
Black pearls range from medium to very dark gray and sell for high prices.
Black pearls reflect light in a different way than white pearls do.
Black pedestrians are dim, white pedestrians are plain, but black and white pedestrians vanish.
Black pencil stripes on toes.
Black people are as much as fifteen times more likely than whites to be arrested for cocaine usage.
Black people are at four times more risk than white people.
Black people are bums.
Black people are co-creators of American democracy.
Black people are dumb.
Black people are evil.
Black people are five times more likely to be stopped and searched by the police than whites.
Black people are five times more likely to be stopped and searched than whites.
Black people are four to five times more likely to be stopped and searched.
Black people are great.
Black people are inferior to white people.
Black people are inferior to whites in their ability to reflect light.
Black people are more dependent than other minority ethnic groups on public transport.
Black people are more likely than white people to be sentenced to death for a crime .
Black people are more likely than white people to be sentenced to death for a crime.
Black people are more likely to be spotlighted than white.
Black people are more mean.
Black people are most interested in changing where their heads are at.
Black people are much more visible on the streets, and asylum-seekers are dispersed.
Black people are no different than anyone else.
Black people are now the stars in American rituals the world devours.
Black people are on the receiving end of all the disadvantages.
Black people are pariahs.
Black people are people who died by fire.
Black people are persons who differ from white people.
Black people are quite alert to that kind of thing.
Black people are significantly more likely than whites to have enlarged hearts, says a new study.
Black people are stereotyped as being more athletic and better at sports compared to white people.
Black people are still more likely to be arrested than white people.
Black people are the majority.
Black people are their own worst enemies.
Black people are three times less likely to be employed than whites with similar qualifications.
Black people are very heroic.
Black people are white people's neighbours, doctors, friends.
Black people can also have light skin because of illness .
Black people can also have light skin because of illness.
Black people can drink out of water fountains located about the town and or parks.
Black people can get malignant melanoma.
Black people can have different skin colors.
Black people can have many different skin colors.
Black people can stand up and be counted.
Black people can vote in South Africa now.
Black people carry an inherent expectation of racism.
Black people come off just as badly as the occasional white person.
Black people complain about black films, but nobody shows up to support a different type of film.
Black people deserve to get jobs on the same level with white people or any other race.
Black people didn t dress like that.
Black people die sooner than white people, even when adjusting for the income confounder.
Black people disappear down there all the time.
Black people drink before the party in order to have a good time.
Black people eat rice.
Black people encounter the system daily.
Black people enter the labor force sooner than whites, and die earlier.
Black people face a deep crisis.
Black people face discrimination from the police and the courts.
Black people form the bottom level of humans, barely above monkeys and chimpanzees.
Black people go in other directions.
Black people have a much lower incidence of skin cancer.
Black people have a natural physique.
Black people have economic clout.
Black people have hair that is naturally curly and dry .
Black people have hair that is naturally curly and dry.
Black people have in Hawaii.
Black people have more melanin production in their skin, while Caucasians have less.
Black people have quite a lot of white ancestry, as whites have a good deal of Black.
Black people laugh at that stuff now.
Black people line the roadside.
Black people live about six fewer years, on average, than white people do.
Black people look for other black people and white people look for other white people.
Black people love to salsa.
Black people make up the new leadership of the church.
Black people own it.
Black people range from white to black.
Black people remain at the periphery of the economy.
Black people say it's the white man bringing the drugs in.
Black people see Jewish people as white people anyway.
Black people seem to have the largest features of all the races because of adaptation.
Black people sing the music, but white people promote it.
Black people spend their time figuring out how to take from white people.
Black people suck.
Black people suffer more than the whites.
Black people tend to dance around a lot when they see magic, white people just look startled.
Black people tend to dance better than white people.
Black people tend to develop the more chronic and severe form.
Black people understand white people far better than vice versa.
Black people use it to compete, to snap at each other.
Black people use their race because it works.
Black people vote and have full access to public facilities.
All Black people are victims of racism.
Many black people are casualties of a war on drugs that discriminates based on race.
Many black people are still at the bottom even when they are in work.
Many black people are still in spiritual and mental slavery.
Many black people make a living from the arts.
Many Black people sell themselves short.
Many black people travel across the globe.
Most black people driving are taxi-drivers, chauffeurs or bus drivers.
Some black people have very race-related reasons for their views against interracial marriage.
Some black people take for granted being black.
Black pepper adds warmth to the body.
Black pepper are the dried, unripe fruits, and white pepper the dried, ripe fruits.
Black pepper comes from unripened berries dried until dark greenish-black in color.
Black pepper contains only a small percentage of the crystalline alkaloid piperine.
Black pepper has a strong full flavoured aroma.
Black pepper has flavor.
Black pepper has strong flavor.
Black pepper has the distinction of being an important spice all over the world.
Black pepper helps in fighting against bad breath, toothache, bad gums, etc.
Black pepper is a nervine tonic and is digestive, aromatic, pungent and stimulant.
Black pepper is a pepper vine
Black pepper is also one of the best home remedy for treating nasal congestion.
Black pepper is carminative and stimulant, but is used chiefly as a condiment.
Black pepper is more subtle than white.
Black pepper is obtained from berries that grow on the pepper vine.
Black pepper is pepper.
Black pepper is plants.
Black pepper is produced from the still-green, unripe drupes of the pepper plant.
Black pepper is spices.
Black pepper is the ground-up seed of a pepper plant, which makes pepper a. a fruit.
Black pepper is the immature berries.
Black pepper is the whole dried spice.
Black pepper is the world's most traded spice .
Black pepper is ubiquitous in the modern world as a seasoning and is often paired with salt .
Black pepper is used in place of chilis to produce spicy flavors.
Black pepper is used to season just about everything, and white pepper is used a lot in France.
Black pepper makes a unique garnish.
Black pepper makes it spicy.
Black pepper stimulates the appetite and aids digestion.
Most black pepper has flavor.
Most black pepper has strong flavor.
Black peppercorns are sharp and aromatic.
Black peppercorns are the most common form.
Black peppermint has deep purple-green leaves and stems and a higher oil content.
Black persons can be either Hispanic or non-Hispanic.
Every black person living can rise to the top.
Black personalities are methodical statisticians who want every thing done in detail.
Black pets are hard to see on dark, stormy nights.
Black phosphorus is the least reactive allotrope and has a graphite-like structure.
Black phosphorus is the least reactive form of phosphorus and has no significant commercial uses.
Black phosphorus looks like graphite powder.
Black pictures are a bummer.
Black pieces are all lower case and white pieces are all upper case.
Black pieces move just the reverse of the ascii table because they see the board downwards.
Black pigment is affected more than yellow pigment.
Black pigmentation rims the entire lip and somewhat within the aperture.
Black pimps know how to put fucking whores to work.
Every black pin represents a peg which is the correct color and is in the correct position.
Black pine is a strong tree that responds well to the techniques used in the creation of bonsai.
Black pine is a tree that takes many years to achieve the mature look of a superior specimen bonsai.
Black pine is limber in comparison to many trees.
Black pine is pine
Black pine is pine.
Black pines are extremely susceptible to tip blight.
Black pines do however shine a brilliant black color especially on the belly scales.
Black pips indicate damage.
Black pixels cover completely.
Black pixels pulse one times.
Black Planet is an act of cultural meditation.
Black plantains are the sweetest and are used in recipes requiring a ripe or sweet plantain.
Black plastic absorbs the light directly and is itself heated.
Black plastic can encourage a buildup of vole populations.
Black plastic covers the digester pit.
Black plastic handle with an hourglass shape.
Black plastic handle with recessed area for optional medallion.
Black plastic has none of the above attributes.
Black plastic has the potential to burn whatever touches it.
Black plastic held in place by fence posts covers the silo.
Black plastic helps keep the weeds under control and keeps the soil moisturized.
Black plastic helps melons mature faster.
Black plastic is a common choice and works well.
Black plastic is a good example.
Black plastic is a poor mulch for landscape plantings.
Black plastic is an excellent mulch for the vegetable garden.
Black plastic is cheap.
Black plastic is more effective spread under the heat-loving crops like melons and tomatoes.
Black plastic is one of the least desirable mulches.
Black plastic is particularly effective and useful in the vegetable garden.
Black plastic is probably the best known inorganic mulch product.
Black plastic is recommended because no herbicides are available for use with clear plastic.
Black plastic is the most commonly used inorganic mulch.
Black plastic is the most frequently used inorganic mulch.
Black plastic is the only color in stock, but other colors are available to order.
Black plastic is very useful.
Black plastic provides better weed control and moderate soil heating.
Black plastic provides weed control and is used with several warm-season crops.
Black plastic smothers the weeds, conserves moisture, and warms the soil.
Black plastic suppresses weeds, but it also limits water infiltration and gas exchange.
Black plastic warms the soil, which is an advantage in the spring but can be harmful in the summer.
Some black plastic serves multiple purposes.
Some black plastic serves purposes.
Black plate is a tin mill product which is free of metallic coating.
Black plays 'd' in the lower left corner, as a ko threat.
Black players are checkers.
Black players are enforcers.
Black players have advanced basketball to a higher form, and everybody in the know knows it.
Black points are data, the rest is theory and simulation.
Black politicians are preachers in the secular arena, or preachers in the streets.
Black politicians are preachers in the secular arena.
Black politicians have a special duty to the black communities.
Black polyethylene is the primary type of mulch used by commercial growers.
Black polymer handle with brass lanyard ring.
Black pompons adorn the wrists, the arms, and the neck.
Black pots work a lot better than silver pots.
Black poverty is highly concentrated, while white and Hispanic poverty is highly dispersed.
Black powder can solve vermin problems.
Black powder has a totally different chemical formula than smokeless.
Black powder is a mixture of sulfur, charcoal and potassium or sodium nitrate.
Black powder is also the result of decades of research at major corporations.
Black powder IS different than smokeless.
Black powder is inherently dirty.
Black powder is loaded by grains of volume.
Black powder is loaded by grains-volume.
Black powder is measured, then poured down the barrel, followed by a wad of cotton and a lead ball.
Black powder is now ready to use.
Black powder is powerful for what it is, but there are other propellents that have more power.
Black powder is the most fun a cowboy shooter can have.
Black powder is the oldest type of mixed rocket fuel .
Black powder is the oldest type of mixed rocket fuel.
Black powder is used in model rocket motors because it costs less .
Black powder is used in model rocket motors because it costs less.
Black powder is very fouling and subsequently very corrosive.
Black powder is very fouling.
Black powder leaves heavy corrosive residues.
Black powder loads different, shoots different, and cleans different than smokeless.
Some black powder mixes with salt.
Black power is priceless.
Black pox is a minor fungal disease which can affect apple bark, fruit, and foliage.
Black preachers minister to free and enslaved blacks.
Black press is black press.
Black print is always elegant, and always cheaper than colored ink.
Black prints are acceptable any time of day.
Black probe is inserted into sample container for measurement.
Black propaganda means telling lies.
Black prostitutes are to be found in most American urban centers.
Black protestants are protestants who take their religion seriously.
Black pudding is pretty yucky and mushy peas are gross.
Black pudding is sausage
Black pupils are more likely to be assigned to less effective teachers than white pupils are.
Black pupils are six times more likely to be excluded than white boys.
Black pussy waits for a big black cock.
Black pythons have large head plates and heavily pitted lips.
Black queen delivers both the check and cuts all the flee squares.
A black racer is a racer
Black racers feed on frogs, rodents, birds, lizards and insects.
Black racism is a big no-no nowadays, but white racism largely gets a pass.
Black racism is a worldview built on frustration and jealousy.
Black racism is as bad as the white variety.
Black racism is wrong.
Black radio is the latest entry on the endangered species list.
Black radishes are a little harder to find.
Black radishes are almost always very spicy.
Black radishes are favoured in many Eastern European cuisines.
Black rage confronts the law.
Black rails are paintable to match truck color.
A black raspberry is a bramble
Black raspberries are highly susceptible.
Black raspberries are in a class of their own.
Black raspberries are in the future plans.
Black raspberries are more susceptible than red or purple raspberries.
Black raspberries are raspberries.
Black raspberries do spread in their own way, however.
Black raspberries have a different growth habit than the red, forming a clump.
Black raspberries inhibit esophageal cancer in animal study.
Black raspberries initiate new canes from the crown of the plant rather than from root suckers.
Black raspberries make a fragrant, subtle wine.
Black raspberries perform a similar cloning act, but they achieve it in only two years.
Black raspberries require ten feet between rows and two and one half feet between plants.
Black raspberry offers sustenance.
Black rat snakes live in habitats.
A black rat is a rat
Black rats are better climbers than the brown rat.
Black rats are good climbers and are usually found in the upper part of buildings.
Black rats are mammals.
Black rats are much more arboreal than their cousins Norway rat.
Black rats are prolific, but they produce smaller and fewer litters than the Norway rat.
Black rats are rats.
Black rats are similar in length to Norway rats, but are more slender and darker.
Black rats eat food.
Black rats like to live up high.
Black rats live in areas.
Most black rats eat food.
Most black rats live in areas.
Black rate is standard rate.
Black rawhide is available.
Black rectangles indicate core-data locations on fences.
Black rectangles represent simulated vehicles, bicycles and pedestrians.
Black regions are gates, where electrons are excluded.
Black regions are land, white areas are water.
Black reparations is an international movement.
Most black residents are well-mixed into the general population.
Black respondents are less likely to have made a decision than are white or Hispanic respondents.
Black rhino calves stay with mothers.
Black rhino are nasty, aggressive little bastards.
Black rhinos drink water.
Black rhinos eat leafy plants.
Black rhinos eat plants.
Black rhinos have eyesights.
Black rhinos have front incisor teeth.
Black rhinos have front teeth.
Black rhinos have habitats.
Black rhinos have heads.
Black rhinos have horns.
Black rhinos have incisor teeth.
Black rhinos have lips.
Black rhinos have poor eyesights.
Black rhinos have prehensile lips.
Black rhinos have prehensile upper lips.
Black rhinos have teeth.
Black rhinos have upper lips.
Black rhinos have various habitats.
Black rhinos live in savanna.
Black rhinos reach ages.
Black rhinos reach maturity.
Black rhinos reach sexual maturity.
Black rhinos use horns.
Black rhinos use senses.
Black rhinos use tails.
Most black rhino occur in South Africa, Namibia, Kenya and Zimbabwe.
A black rhinoceros is a rhino
Black rhinoceroses are smaller than white rhinoceroses.
Black rhinoceroses live in savannahs.
Black rhinoceroses occupy areas.
Most black rhinoceroses live in savannahs.
Most black rhinoceroses occupy areas.
Some black rhinoceroses have distribution.
Some black rhinoceroses possess hooks.
Black rhinos are a highly endangered species due primarily to illegal hunting.
Black rhinos are browsers and eat twigs, branches, and leaves from various shrubs and trees.
Black rhinos are browsers and have pointed prehensile lips adapted for browsing off thorny shrubs.
Black rhinos are browsers and prefer to eat bushes and trees.
Black rhinos are browsers that feed on leaves and twigs.
Black rhinos are browsers, which means they prefer to eat bushes and trees.
Black rhinos are critically endangered in the wild.
Black rhinos are highly endangered.
Black rhinos are often aggressive animals known for their fierce temperament.
Black rhinos are solitary animals, only coming together to mate.
Black rhinos are territorial and therefore very vulnerable to poaching.
Black rhinos are the same color as white rhinos.
Black rhinos are unpredictable and can be dangerous.
Black rhinos boast two horns, the foremost more prominent than the other.
Black rhinos can be very aggressive toward one another during non-estrus periods.
Black rhinos can go for several days without water if they're eating lots of grass and leaves.
Black rhinos eat and are most active between dusk and dawn.
Black rhinos feed at night and during the gloaming hours of dawn and dusk.
Black rhinos have a triangular upper lip.
Black rhinos have sedentary, overlapping home ranges.
Black rhinos have two horns, and occasionally a third small posterior horn.
Black rhinos have two horns, one longer than the other.
Black rhinos have various habitats, but mainly areas with dense, woody vegetation.
Black rhinos live either singly or in small groups of females led by a male.
Black rhinos live in areas with dense, woody vegetation.
Black rhinos live in the forest.
Black rhinos travel alone except while breeding or raising offspring.
Black rhinos use their horns for defense.
Black rhinos walk with their heads up because much of their food comes from trees.
Most black rhinos drink water.
Most black rhinos eat leafy plants.
Most black rhinos eat plants.
Most black rhinos have eyesights.
Most black rhinos have front incisor teeth.
Most black rhinos have front teeth.
Most black rhinos have habitats.
Most black rhinos have heads.
Most black rhinos have horns.
Most black rhinos have incisor teeth.
Most black rhinos have lips.
Most black rhinos have poor eyesights.
Most black rhinos have prehensile lips.
Most black rhinos have teeth.
Most black rhinos have upper lips.
Most black rhinos have various habitats.
Most black rhinos live in savanna.
Most black rhinos reach ages.
Most black rhinos reach maturity.
Most black rhinos reach sexual maturity.
Most black rhinos use horns.
Most black rhinos use tails.
Some black rhinos carry capacity.
Some black rhinos eat trees.
Some black rhinos feed on leaf twigs.
Some black rhinos feed on twigs.
Some black rhinos have acute senses.
Some black rhinos have humps.
Some black rhinos have predators.
Some black rhinos have ranges.
Some black rhinos have reputations.
Some black rhinos have senses.
Some black rhinos have vocal ranges.
Some black rhinos have wide ranges.
Some black rhinos have wide vocal ranges.
Some black rhinos occur in habitats.
Some black rhinos suffer exhaustion.
Some black rhinos suffer heat exhaustion.
Black ribbons stream to protect young.
Black rings appear when beet is cut across.
Black Rock is in the upper right corner.
BLack Rock is kind of boring.
Black Rock is where anything can happen anything to do with fish, that is.
Black Rock offers creative alternatives to the influences young people face in today's society.
Black rocks are particularly good because they absorb the sun's heat.
Black rocks hiss With all that wind.
Many Black Rock veterans sound cult-like when they speak about it.
Black rockfish are large, powerful swimmers.
Black rockfish have a relatively fast growth rate.
Black rollers slide rhythmically over the type held in the chase.
Black root is more common in flatwood soils but has been observed in other soil types.
Black root rot is difficult to control.
Black root rot is more severe when lesion nematodes are present.
Black root rot seedling disease.
Black roses are for death.
Black roses mean farewell.
Black roses mean hate and death.
Black roses mean hatred and death.
Black rosette cockade with pewter button on left side.
Black rosette cockade with pewter button.
A black rot is a plant disease
Black rot attacks the leaves, flower clusters, and fruit.
Black rot begins in the garden, but it develops after harvest.
Black rot can also be a problem in storage.
Black rot causes infected leaves to turn purplish brown or black.
Black rot is a wet-weather disease spread in the field by splashing rain or insect feeding.
Black rot is another major disease problem.
Black rot is caused by a bacteria to which all brassicas are susceptible.
Black rot is caused by a bacterium that is seed-borne or that can be transmitted by transplants.
Black rot is caused by the bacterium, xanthomonas capestris.
Black rot is important only in certain areas or regions in California.
Black rot is of minor importance on quinces.
Black rot is one of the most common and destructive.
Black rot is the major disease problem Ohio gardeners face in growing grapes.
Black rot is the most important limiting factor of grape production in Missouri.
Black rot is the most widespread fungus disease of grapes.
Black rots are funguses.
Black rots are plant diseases.
Black rubber contrails in the unwashed halls.
Black rubber grips for added protection.
Black rubber handle with black composition trim.
Black rubber handle with olive drab composition trim.
Black rubber tends to get hot in the sun.
Black rush is one of the dominant marsh species of the southern Atlantic and Gulf coasts.
Black rush produces large amounts of belowground biomass which serves to consolidate marsh surfaces.
Black rush turns a rich tawny color when dried.
A black sage is a bush
Black sage grows to about six feet tall.
Black sagebrush is a small, spreading, native, aromatic, evergreen shrub.
Black salt comes from India, and is really salty.
Black salve does work, vitamin C does work, baking soda does work to keep lesions at bay.
Black sand is one of the highest mineral conditions that a detector has to contend with.
Black sand is the product of lava being ground down by the wave-action of the Pacific.
Black sand is volcanic ash.
Black sand meets cerulean blue water under a perfect but relentlessly hot blue sky.
Black sashes are rare in our system, and a separate training regimen is required.
Black satin edges the neckline.
Black saturation is also selectable.
Black scientists have to be twice as good to get half the credit they deserve.
Black screen appears on a subscription service.
Black script writing on white paper can be elegant.
Black scurf is another common disease that extends no deeper than the skin.
Black Sea ca.
Black Sea cruises around the Crimean peninsula are available and well-recommended.
Black sea is sea.
Black Sea states alone, including Ukraine, Moldavia.
Black seeds are more pungent than white seeds.
Black seeds are the smallest and have a fierce, nutty flavor.
Black seeds contain carbohydrates.
Black seeds have hulls.
Black seeds have husks.
Most black seeds contain carbohydrates.
Most black seeds have husks.
Some black seeds contain calcium.
Some black seeds have dormancy.
Black separatists say it was just another unfair system perpetrated by whites upon blacks.
Black sequin trim around eyes.
Black servals occur in Kenya's high country.
Black shale forms the walls of the pit, and there are piles of broken shale on the quarry floor.
Black shales are deposited in anoxic or low oxygen environments, such as in stagnant water columns.
Black shales contain organic material that sometimes breaks down to form natural gas or oil.
Black shales indicate anoxia.
Some black shale contains minerals.
Some black shale contains sulfide minerals.
Black shank builds up in the soil of land planted to tobacco year after year.
Black shank is a fungus that lives in the soil.
Black shank is a leading cause of damage to both burley and dark tobaccos in Kentucky.
Black shank is more severe in wetter or poorly drained portions of the field.
Black shapes play with white shapes in tune with an electronic music sound track.
A black sheep is an offender
Black sheep are recessive to White sheep.
Black shirts have logo printed in white and white t-shirts have logo printed in red and black.
Black shirts look terrific with black tie and tuxes.
Black shirts make even the most handsome man look like a two-bit gangster.
Black shirts represent victims of gang rape.
Black shoe is ideal for the trail or law enforcement use.
Black shoes are always a good choice with navy or black.
Black shoes complement the outfit.
Black shoes complete the ensemble.
Black shoes predominate.
Black shoes tend to go with everything and black socks are best as well.
Black short are the primary set.
Black shutters are on the front.
Black silicone protects wiring connections and adds strain relief.
Black silk is in place on every occasion.
Black silkie hens tends to lay dark olive green eggs.
Black skimmers have red bills with black tips, dark feathers and red legs and feet.
Black skin absorbs heat.
Black skin absorbs light.
Black skin can burn in strong sunlight.
Black skin is a sign of dead tissue, and redness with streaks is often a sign of infection.
Black skin is different.
Black skin is over-marked obsessively so as to eliminate ambiguity.
Black skin undergoes a two-step process during treatment.
Most black skin absorbs heat.
Some black skin absorbs energy.
Some black skin absorbs heat energy.
Some black skin absorbs radiation.
Black skirts have patterns.
Most black skirts have patterns.
Black skies foretell bad weather.
Black slaves turn grindstones.
Black slavery is legalized in Georgia.
Black slime causes yellowish leaves which wither and are easily detached from the bulbs.
Black slip is held by three wood pegs.
Black sludge is a sign of neglect.
Black smoke belches from the engine s funnel and taints the air with cinders.
Black smoke billows upwards.
Black smoke changes color to a grayish-yellow color, similar to the color of hay.
Black smoke coming out of exhaust pipe indicates too much gasoline.
Black smoke contains carbon.
Black smoke indicates nothing meaningful.
Black smoke indicates that the air-fuel mixture is too rich to burn completely.
Black smoke is also bad news, indicating excessive fuel usage.
Black smoke is cause when too much wind hits the flame.
Black smoke is characteristic of a petroleum fire.
Black smoke is generated by burning organic hydrocarbons in a specially designed firebox.
Black smoke means incomplete, inefficient burning.
Black smoke means there is no decision yet.
Black smoke pours up over the delta, smearing south.
Black smoke rising from a burning candle is a good indicator that the wick is too long.
Black smoke seems to color everything, including a man's spit.
Black smoke starts pouring from the engine after too many front-end crashes.
Most black smoke contains carbon.
Some black smoke rises from oil refineries.
Some black smoke rises from refineries.
Black smokers absorb more nicotine.
Black smokers are chimney-like structures created by underwater geysers.
Black smokers are just about the most hostile places on Earth.
Black smokers are volcanic chimneys protruding from the Earth's oceanic crust.
Black smokers belch out plumes of dark stygian elements.
Black smokers exist in an even blacker world.
Black smokers have a relatively high incidence of lung cancer.
Black smokers look like miniature volcanoes in a constant state of eruption.
Black smokers suffer from a higher incidence of smoking-related illnesses than white smokers.
Black snakes are numerous in New Jersey.
Black snakes feel vibration.
Black snakes live in habitats.
Most black snakes feel vibration.
Most black snakes live in habitats.
A black snakeroot is a tracheophyte
Black snakeroot performs best in moist, shady locations.
Black snapper are in the pass, as are reds.
All black sneakers are better, and medieval shoes or sabattons are better still.
Black socks are always an option.
Black socks are the best.
Black socks are to be worn if exposed.
Black soil has low level of kankar thus supports wide variety of crops.
Black soil is usually clay and also is usually very poorly drained.
Black soils are in fact rich in kankar nodules which add to the fertility of the soil.
Black soles leave marks on the boat that are almost impossible to remove.
Black soot can be a problem, especially with candles made of inferior waxes and fragrances.
Black soot is the product of the incomplete combustion of carbon-containing fuels.
Black sooty mold grows on surfaces.
Black sororities have suites in university residence halls.
Black sororities view themselves as more than just college organizations.
Black space is seen above the horizon at the screen's upper right.
Black spaces mean that there was no event that season.
Black specks appear on enlarged fruit lesions, and under humid conditions.
Black specks are floral remnants.
Black specks form in the cankers and spots.
Black speckles form indistinct cross bars or dorsal blotches across the back.
Black spider monkeys exhibit variation.
Black spider monkeys feed on fruit.
Black spider monkeys gather food.
Black spider monkeys have heads.
Black spider monkeys live in societies.
Black spider monkeys prefer fruit.
Black spider monkeys reach maturity.
Black spider monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Black spiders go through phases.
Black spiders prey on insects.
Black spiders prey on other insects.
Most black spiders go through phases.
Most black spiders prey on insects.
Most black spiders prey on other insects.
Some black spiders belong to families.
Some black spiders bite people.
Some black spiders cause death.
Black spinel is the premier black gemstone.
Black spinel lacks the metallic lustre of hematite , another popular black gemstone.
Black spirituals are about trial, sorrow, and the hope for freedom.
Black spirituals are one of the best known and earliest forms of American music.
Black spokes represent drive side, gray spokes represent non-drive side.
Black spores are abundant within the canker and sometimes visible on the surface of the canker.
Black spot diseases develop in adults.
A black spot is a plant disease
Black spot can be troublesome.
Black spot causes black spots on the leaves.
Black spot infects the leaves in the fall.
Black spot is a fungal leaf spot.
Black spot is a plant disease common in roses.
Black spot is a problem both in greenhouse production and outdoor plantings.
Black spot is a very common fungus disease of roses in Vermont.
Black spot is a wet weather disease.
Black spot is caused by a parasite called a fluke which burrows into the skin of fish.
Black spot is generally easy to cure.
Black spot is most severe in summers with sustained rainy periods.
Black spot is probably the most common and serious disease of roses in Kentucky.
Black spot is reduced by washing radishes in chlorinated water.
Black spot is spread by splashing water.
Black spot is the scourge of rose gardeners who grow roses in humid coastal climates like Sydney.
Black spot occurs wherever roses are grown.
Black spot produces very small black crusty spots on the upper surface of American elm leaves.
Black spot spends the winter on fallen leaves.
Black spots appear on wooden beams and paneling.
Black spots are indication that the water condition is wrong.
Black spots are oil from trucks which use the test slabs as a parking area.
Black spots are plant diseases.
Black spots are present on the back and in diminishing numbers down the sides.
Black spots are scattered across the body no matter what the base color.
Black spots are visible on the back of older nymphs.
Black spots cover the body but fade with age, as the fins darken.
Black spots dot the dorsum between the two lines as well as along the sides.
Black spots indicate more sugar.
Black spots occur on young nuts and shoots.
Black spots represent sutures.
Black spots seem haphazardly splashed on a tawny-reddish background.
Some black spots appear on roots.
A black spruce is a spruce
Black spruce dominates most of the region.
Black spruce gets dwarf mistletoe which ultimately leads to wildfire.
Black spruce grows in the bogs that cover a large part of northern Minnesota.
Black spruce grows more slowly than many of the trees and shrubs with which it is associated.
Black spruce is absent in conifer swamps growing in southern Wisconsin.
Black spruce is found in bogs, and very acidic sites.
Black spruce is the dominant tree species.
Black spruce occur along the margin of the bog.
Black spruces are spruces.
Black spruces have needles.
Black spruces have waxy needles.
Most black spruces have needles.
Most black spruces have waxy needles.
Black square indicate item is provided in package.
Black squares appear around the moving parts in the game.
Black squares are large blocks of rock.
Black squares indicate contacts assigned to ground.
Black squares indicate observations with no detectable hematite.
Black squares indicate stable nuclei of the familiar elements of which Earth is made.
Black squares indicate visual samples and gray triangles indicate auditory samples.
Black squares represent major cities.
A black squirrel is a tree squirrel
Black squirrels are really just a melanistic phase of Eastern gray squirrels.
Black squirrels are the 'normal color' of squirrels in Ontario and Quebec.
Black squirrels are tree squirrels.
Black squirrels dislike being crowded by their own kind and the younger ones move away.
Black stain kills young trees within a year or two of infection.
Black stains indicate manganese or zinc.
Black stand is included.
Black star indicates approximate position of Mt. Adams summit.
Black stars indicate volcanoes.
Black stoneflies hatch on most warm afternoons early in the month.
Black stools are normal when taking iron tablets.
Black stools mean bleeding high up in the digestive tract, most likely a bleeding stomach ulcer.
Black storks feed on fish.
Most black storks feed on fish.
Some black storks have ranges.
Black strap handle, chrome corners, metal glides and speaker mounting hardware are standard.
Black strap is straight, tight and rests on the first seam above the brim.
Black streaks appear when the stem is cut through.
Black streaks border the breast.
Black strings run along the floor, marking off rectangles of various dimensions.
Black strips are also diagnostic of black chaff.
Black stripes are areas of missing data.
Black stripes are wider and bolder.
Black stripes cover both sides of the body, including their limbs.
Black stripes reach from the eyes to the mouth, and the tail tip is black.
Black stripes reach from the mouth to the eyes, and the tail tip is black.
Black stripes run from snouts.
Black stripes vary in width.
Most black stripes run from snouts.
Most black stripes vary in width.
Some black stripes extend from shoulders.
Some black stripes run across eyes.
Some black stripes run across foreheads.
Some black stripes run across yellow eyes.
Some black stripes run down backs.
Some black stripes run down centers.
Some black stripes run down fronts.
Some black stripes run down sides.
Some black stripes run down spines.
Some black stripes run down thighs.
Black stud satisfy a white sluts.
Black students are in the minority overall but the majority on the basketball team.
Black students are less satisfied with their social life than other groups are.
Black students are very disenfranchised.
Black students believe schools cater to whites.
Black students enter previously white schools in Norfolk and Arlington.
Black students have an Afrocentric curriculum.
Black students have the lowest grade point averages both entering and leaving college.
Black students have the nation's lowest academic achievement.
Black students have to prove that they are here to study.
Black students sit on one side and white students sit on the other.
Black students start comic strip.
Black students tend to be ashamed of having been slaves, and angry, and white students feel guilty.
Many black students have living relatives who have witnessed lynchings.
Many black students say that has been the university's chief failing.
Most black students walk or take the bus to school and enter through the school's front doors.
Some black students feel unwelcome at college campuses and have adjustment problems.
Some black students whine, complain and talk the problems to death.
Black success threatens the authoritarian left agenda of government paternalism.
Black sunflower seeds have husks.
Black supremacists are more numerable than white supremacists.
Black supremacy come with equality and justice, truth and right, and love and life.
Black supremacy is as dangerous as white supremacy.
Black surfaces absorb heat, warming the soil for earlier production.
Black surfaces are the best radiatiors of heat.
Black suspenders are available in clip-on or button on style.
Black suspenders are sewn into the jumpsuit and buckle into place with adjustable straps.
Black swallowtails feed only on parsley, dill and related plants.
A black swan is a swan
Black swans adapt to environments.
Black swans are also able to filter feed at the water's surface.
Black swans are birds.
Black swans are books.
Black swans are large birds with mostly black plumage and red bills .
Black swans are long-necked black birds with a red beak tipped in white.
Black swans are mostly black-feathered birds, with white flight feathers.
Black swans are native to Australia where they are found mainly in the south.
Black swans are swans.
Black swans are very territorial.
Black swans find food.
Black swans have long necks.
Black swans have necks.
Black swans lose feathers.
Black swans lose flight feathers.
Black swans need water.
Black swans produce a whistling sound in flight caused by the downstroke of their wings.
Black swans reach maturity.
Black swans reach sexual maturity.
Black swans require water.
Most black swans adapt to environments.
Most black swans find food.
Most black swans have long necks.
Most black swans have necks.
Most black swans lose feathers.
Most black swans lose flight feathers.
Most black swans reach maturity.
Most black swans reach sexual maturity.
Most black swans require water.
Some black swans reach ages.
Some black swans reach reproductive ages.
Black symbols indicate persons possessing the trait.
Black tail has white base and wide white terminal band.
Black tails are additional evidence of a whirling-disease infection.
Black tails are normal in many sub-species, with white spotting on the ears, chest and legs.
Black tails have tips.
Most black tails have tips.
Some black tails have feathers.
Some black tails have orange feathers.
Some black tails have outer feathers.
Black tar absorbs incredible amounts of heat.
Black tea can help reduce heart attacks.
Black tea comes from leaves that have been fermented before being heated and dried.
Black tea contains caffeine.
Black tea contains enough fluoride to help prevent tooth decay.
Black tea contains similar phytochemicals.
Black tea has a stronger flavor and darker color than green tea.
Black tea has flavor.
Black tea has more color but less astringency.
Black tea is a tea leaf
Black tea is also a salty.
Black tea is also popular both at home and abroad.
Black tea is an excellent source of tea to promote the body s natural healing ability.
Black tea is derived from oxidized green tea leaves.
Black tea is fermented in a damp state for quite a while.
Black tea is graded by size.
Black tea is kind of like afternoon tea when a family finish the butter tea made in the morning.
Black tea is made by allowing the leaves to oxidize.
Black tea is made by fermenting the slightly wilted leaves.
Black tea is made by withering, rolling, fermenting, and drying the leaves.
Black tea is made from green leaves after fermentation.
Black tea is made from the withered, fermented leaves.
Black tea is made of tea leaves that are crushed, allowing enzymes to catalyze oxidation.
Black tea is more common in the United States.
Black tea is more popular in Western countries.
Black tea is much more favored by foreigners.
Black tea is no slouch either.
Black tea is one of three varieties of teas.
Black tea is oxidized green tea.
Black tea is oxidized the longest and results in the familiar dark leaf.
Black tea is placed on racks for drying and rolling.
Black tea is produced by allowing picked tea leaves to completely ferment before firing.
Black tea is produced by allowing picked tea leaves to completely wither and ferment before firing.
Black tea is rolled, fully fermented and then fired.
Black tea is tea.
Black tea is the most popular among all cultures.
Black tea is the most popular beverage all over the world.
Black tea is the most popular type in the United States.
Black tea is the national drink , and is drunk after food is eaten .
Black tea is the national drink, and is drunk after food is eaten.
Black tea is used in promoting the body's ability to natural heal itself.
Black tea is very astringent.
Black tea kills dental plaque.
Black tea makes from leaves.
Black tea makes from young leaves.
Black tea provides highest concentration of lactic and gluconic acids.
Black tea seems to work the best because of the tannic acid but herbal seems to work too.
Black tea sounds like a good alternative to an aspirin a day.
Black tea undergo several hours of oxidation before drying.
Black teas are full bodied and are able to withstand the addition of sweeteners and milk.
Black teas are high in caffeine, while green teas are the lowest in caffeine.
Black teas are made from fully oxidized leaves and oolong from partially oxidized leaves.
Black teas come from the same leaf, but they are processed differently.
Black teas contain caffeine, but the effects are gently released.
Black teas contain more caffeine than green.
Black teas have slightly more than green.
Black teas taste better when made from water containing less.
Most black tea contains caffeine.
Most black tea has flavor.
Most black tea makes from leaves.
Most black tea makes from young leaves.
Some black tea causes hallucination.
Some black teachers ask to teach regular classes because they want to teach black students.
Black teens fall in between.
Black teens hunks big hard cocks movies.
Black teenagers are much more likely to be unemployed than whites.
Black terns are birds.
Black terns are smaller than common and Arctic terns.
Black terns eat mostly insects but also take small fishes.
Black terns have two interesting courtship flights.
Black text comes out sharp.
Black text goes nowhere.
Black text indicates meetings.
Black text indicates that a digital park map is still unavailable.
Black text is a combined female and male meet.
Black text is better.
Black text is content.
Black text is crisp and clear.
Black text is preferred.
Black text is shown on a white background and white text on a black background.
Black text signifies the ideas of others.
Black theatre is an effective avenue for disseminating educational information.
Black theatre is dismissed as part of the migrant culture.
Black theatres are in limited number and many are under poor management.
Black things absorb nearly all photons, that's why they look so dark.
Black threes are just like red but scored separately.
Black thugs fill the prisons and jails of our country.
A black tie is a dress
Black tie is considered very formal and is no longer in use, except for very few events.
Black tie is most definitely optional.
Black tie is optional and costumes and ethnic dress are strongly encouraged.
Black tie is optional at the event.
Black tie is optional for the event, which is open to the public.
Black tie is optional, having fun is mandatory.
Black tie is optional.
Black tie is out and a blues festival is in.
Black tie is preferred and seating is limited.
Black tie is preferred, but optional.
Black tie is preferred.
Black tie is required.
Black tie is the rule, unless otherwise requested.
Black ties are for waiters and funerals only.
Black tigers have tawny, yellow or white stripes on a black background color.
Black tiles do look nice when they are clean as can be seen here.
Black tips designate increased mastery within a particular section.
Black toenails are a part of ultrarunning.
Black toner is also available.
A black tongue is a side effect
Black tongue is occasionally a side effect of that medicine.
Black top turns to well maintained gravel.
Black tourmaline is a strengthener for all emotional work.
Black tourmaline is available in rough stones and pendants.
Black tourmaline protects, amongst other things, against computer radiation.
Black trails record the path the vortices have taken.
Black triangles are MIRs.
Black triangles are strong-motion stations.
Black trim contrasts nicely with the solid body color.
Black trim is available.
Black trolls attack with two clawed hands and their bite, and they can attack at multiple opponents.
Black trolls have dark-brown skin, and long deep eyes that glows yellow at dark.
Black trolls pray on all but the most powerfull creatures, having no fear at all.
Black trolls regenerates at an amazing rate.
Black truffles are rare, white truffles are even more rare.
Black truffles grow underground near the roots of a host tree, most commonly a walnut or oak.
Black truffles smell intensely earthy, while white truffles emit a sweeter scent.
Some black truffles grow on oak tree roots.
Some black truffles grow on roots.
Some black truffles retain flavor.
Black tubing is essential.
Black tulle is always the most popular choice.
Black tulle shows and also gives it a petticoat effect.
Black tupelo is one of our most brilliantly colored trees in the fall.
Black turtlenecks show dandruff easily.
Black tuxedoes are available with or without tails and cummerbund or vest. without tails and vest.
Black type indicates current pages.
Black type is a given.
Black type is an official assignment with an official due date.
Black type represents items that have remained basically unchanged.
Black undertakers say they still supply churches with fans.
Black unemployment is double that of white unemployment, and among women it is three times as much.
Black unemployment is twice that of whites.
Black unemployment remains double the rate for whites.
Black unit includes casters for mobility.
Black urine is classic for a genetic defect.
Black varieties are also popular, and tend to be used for drying.
Black vector represents the weight of the object.
Black vectors are ice motion estimated from Arctic drifting buoys.
Black velvet is a spotting gene that behaves similar to saddles in dogs.
Black velvet is best.
Black venom produces reaction.
Most black venom produces reaction.
Black version is made from goatskin leather.
Black versions are extremely rare, but do exist.
Black villains are legitimate roles for films.
Black vine weevils feed on leaves.
Black vinegar is another good addition to the steaming water.
Black vinyl covering only one of the poptop latches poptop is a little bent, but easly fixable.
Black vinyl disks with spiral grooves cut in both sides.
Black voters appear to be rejecting the Republican nominee like a spurned prom date.
Black voters are the biggest unified bloc of Democratic support.
Black voters are very mature, but some black leaders are still using race to divide.
Black voters complain about their treatment at Florida polls.
Black Voters Go .
Black voters have other options.
Black voters have two clear options.
Black voters think the election was stolen.
Some black voters feel that's the way they're treated by the party at large.
A black vulture is a vulture
Black vultures are a more southern species and have been almost unknown in New England.
Black vultures are birds.
Black vultures are highly social, and young birds remain with their family group for several years.
Black vultures are large scavengers with an entirely black body and a bald gray head.
Black vultures are southern birds that have slowly been extending their range northward.
Black vultures attack live turtle hatchlings.
Black vultures can better tolerate human presence.
Black vultures confide in other members and stay immensely alert to avoid any danger when eating.
Black vultures fly with a series of heavy flaps followed by a labored glide.
Black vultures have necks.
Black vultures kill and eat new-born lambs.
Black vultures kill young pigs in Kentucky.
Black vultures rely on eyesights.
Black vultures shit, piss, and puke a lot.
Black vultures soar higher than their turkey kin, and they tend to feed on larger prey.
Black vultures travel in gangs.
Most black vultures have necks.
Most black vultures rely on eyesights.
Some black vultures become breeders.
Some black vultures eat lambs.
Some black vultures kill animals.
Some black vultures kill other animals.
Some black vultures prey on newborn sheep.
Some black vultures prey on sheep.
Some black vultures take advantage.
Black walks are hourlong strolls through the fynbos.
Black walkabouts are excellent for cold winter nights.
Black wallpaper is ok and the yellow and the first blue work really well.
Black walnut trees have trunks.
A black walnut is a walnut tree
Black walnut develops a long, smooth trunk and a small rounded crown when growing in the forest.
Black walnut has a strong taproot which makes the seedlings resilient, but difficult to transplant.
Black walnut is a large tree growing in rich forest soils throughout Ohio.
Black walnut is an important tree commercially, as the wood is a deep brown color and easily worked.
Black walnut is classified as shade intolerant.
Black walnut is extremely toxic to equines when ingested, even in minute quantities.
Black walnut is found throughout the eastern United States.
Black walnut is intolerant of shade.
Black walnut is moderately heavy, hard, strong, stiff, and has good shock resistance properties.
Black walnut is native throughout the state.
Black walnut is naturally a rich deep blackish brown, without stain.
Black walnut is primarily a pioneer species similar to red and silver maple and black cherry .
Black walnut is the most important and valuable commercial species.
Black walnut is the most valuable timber species in Ohio.
Black walnut is the most valuable tree in Iowa.
Black walnut is used to get rid of parasites and works well as a preventative.
Black walnut is well adapted to fire.
Black walnut prefers moister north or east facing slopes, and creek banks.
Black walnuts are common near homesites.
Black walnuts are from a common native tree unlike the English walnuts found in stores.
Black walnuts are part of black walnuts.
Black walnuts are similar in nutrients, with some variations.
Black walnuts are walnuts.
Black walnuts can create problems for home gardeners.
Black walnuts have a hard shell.
Black walnuts have an unmistakable flavor that is best when mixed with home-made vanilla ice cream.
Black walnuts have lacy compound leaves, arching limbs and deeply ridged, dark grey bark.
Black walnuts have the highest concentrations.
Black walnuts have tough hull or husk and an extremely hard shell.
Black walnuts produce a toxin that actually kills some plants.
Black walnuts require large quantities of nitrogen and phosphorus.
Black walnuts secrete juglone which inhibits the growth of nearby plants.
All black walnuts tend to bear heavy nut crops every second year.
Black wampum is the interior shell of the quahog and is actually shades of purple.
Black water is fouled water from toilets and bidets.
Black waters are an important part of the tourist discovery of Guyana.
Black waters smells worse than gray water.
Black waveforms are for inputs, blue waveforms are for outputs.
Most black wealth is first-generation wealth.
Black weapons are mass weapons, axes, hammers, or maces.
Any black wedge can be expanded, it has information collapsed underneath it.
Black widow spiders go through phases.
Black widow spiders prey on insects.
Black widow spiders prey on other insects.
Black widow venom produces reaction.
A black widow is a spider
Black widow mating occurs in springtime into early summer.
Black widows are by far the most common poisonous spider bite in the United States.
Black widows are famous for the colored, hourglass-shaped mark on their abdomens.
Black widows are identified by red hourglass marking on the underside of their abdomens.
Black widows are just a bit too dangerous to have wandering around the house.
Black widows are nocturnal and spin webs during daytime.
Black widows are shiny black in color.
Black widows are shiny black with a red hourglass mark on the belly.
Black widows are shy and like dark places.
Black widows are shy in nature.
Black widows are spiders.
Black widows are the largest of the irregular web-weaving spiders.
Black widows are timid.
Black widows are tiny spiders that live all over the U.S. and throughout the world.
Black widows bite humans that contact their web.
Black widows eat insects that become caught in their webs.
Black widows feed on insects, centipedes and other spiders.
Black widows have shiny black or brown bodies with a red hourglass on underbelly.
Black widows inhabit dark corners and spin loose, random webs.
Black widows inject a neuro toxin that can cause severe muscle spasms.
Black widows mature in two to four months.
Black widows process their food outside of their bodies.
Black widows produce messy, irregular webs .
Black widows spin a large web where the female suspends a cocoon that can contain hundreds of eggs.
Black widows start out life as small white spiders with patches of yellow.
Most black widows live only one year, but they can live up to three years.
Some black widows find trees.
Some black widows have backs.
Some black widows have reputations.
Black wildebeest are herbivorous.
Black wildebeests eat grass.
Black wildebeests have horns.
Black wildebeests have tails.
Black wildebeests have white tails.
Black wildebeests prefer grass.
Black wildebeests reach maturity.
Black wildebeests reach sexual maturity.
Black wildebeests reside in regions.
Most black wildebeests eat grass.
Most black wildebeests have horns.
Most black wildebeests have tails.
Most black wildebeests have white tails.
Most black wildebeests prefer grass.
Most black wildebeests reach maturity.
Most black wildebeests reach sexual maturity.
Most black wildebeests reside in regions.
Some black wildebeests have black coats.
Some black wildebeests have coats.
Some black wildebeests inhabit hills.
Some black wildebeests live in habitats.
A black willow is a willow
Black willow is among the softest and lightest of our native hardwoods.
Black willow is found throughout the Eastern United States and adjacent parts of Canada and Mexico.
Black willow is one the most common willows in Ohio.
Black willow is the largest and only commercially important willow in North America.
Black willows have different fiber length.
Black willows have different length.
Black willows have fiber length.
Black willows have flowers.
Black willows have length.
Most black willows have different fiber length.
Most black willows have different length.
Most black willows have fiber length.
Most black willows have flowers.
Most black willows have length.
Some black willows survive for years.
Black wings have two white bars.
Black wings have white spots and the face is black and white streaked.
Black wire goes in brass side.
Black wire is included as brake, fuel, and throttle line.
Black wire is suggested.
Black wires are hot.
All black wires are common ground or reference point for all voltages.
Black witch moths have organs.
Black women are among our most valuable assets.
Black women are another matter entirely.
Black women are at a higher risk of having fibroids.
Black women are at disproportionately high risk, particularly in the southern counties of Alabama.
Black women are at even greater risk.
Black women are at greater risk than white women for dying from all pregnancy-related complications.
Black women are at higher risk than white women for hypertension.
Black women are eight times more likely to be sent to prison than whites.
Black women are especially vulnerable.
Black women are far more likely to be overweight than white women.
Black women are just as prone to develop eating disorders as white women.
Black women are masters of versatility.
Black women are more inclined to work full time than are white women.
Black women are more involved in activities and are better educated than their male counter parts.
Black women are more likely than any other U.S. citizens to be strip-searched.
Black women are more likely to be poor.
Black women are more likely to experience infant mortality than others.
Black women are so beautiful.
Black women are the foundation of life, family, community and nation.
Black women are the least employed, least paid, and least educated.
Black women are the mothers, the bearers of the African American culture.
Black women are therefore more likely to die of endometrial cancer then white women.
Black women are therefore more likely to have shorter birth intervals.
Black women are three times more likely than white women to develop lupus.
Black women are three times more likely to develop lupus than are white women.
Black women are twice as likely as whites to experience preterm labor.
Black women are twice as likely to die of pregnancy-related causes than white women.
Black women are two times more likely to abort their babies than White women.
Black women are very bad.
Black women are very beautiful.
Black women bring power.
Black women die from cervical cancer at three times the rate of white women.
Black women die twice as fast when diagnosed.
Black women discuss the issues of hair styles and their own images of beauty and self.
Black women drive cars.
Black women drive fast cars.
Black women eat grain.
Black women eat whole grain.
Black women face race, gender, and class discrimination.
Black women fall into the cracks between the two.
Black women fare little better.
Black women gain more weight than white women with the same number of children.
Black women giving birth have a four to one higher rate of mortality than white women do.
Black women have bone mass.
Black women have less abdominal fat than white women of the same relative weight.
Black women have limitations.
Black women have mass.
Black women have most of the same problems that Black men do.
Black women have the highest incidence rates of colorectal and lung cancer.
Black women have the highest likelihood of being strip-searched of all U.S. citizens.
Black women have the highest rate of twinning in the United States.
Black women have the highest rates of death from cerebrovascular disease.
Black women have the highest rates of death from stroke.
Black women have the highest such risk of any racial or ethnic group.
Black women have their problems as well.
Black women have to understand the same.
Black women organize.
Black women receive better nutrition.
Black women receive less mammography even with similar use of primary care.
Black women receive nutrition.
Black women report verbal racial insults.
Black women respect good cooks and give generous credit when using their recipes.
Black women seek trends.
Black women to die from diseases.
Black women view sex as a game in which a black man's body is the prize.
All black women are, in one way or another.
Many black women become resentful of any race who date black men because of the competition.
More black women associate sex with commitment.
Most black women drive cars.
Most black women drive fast cars.
Most black women eat grain.
Most black women eat whole grain.
Most black women have bone mass.
Most black women have limitations.
Most black women have mass.
Most black women receive better nutrition.
Most black women receive nutrition.
Most black women seek trends.
Some black women manage enterprises.
Some black women smoke cigarettes.
Black wood handle with black silver plated guard and pommel.
Black wood handle with brass guard and pommel.
Black words throw up sand to eyes, fingers of their private dead.
Black writers adopt whites into their literary structures.
Some black writers go through tortuous gyrations to justify using the word.
Black youth are also much more likely to end up in prisons with adult offenders.
Black youth are generally more likely to be victims of violent crime.
Black youth like to party in their cars and tend to do it late at night.
Black youths are seven times as likely to be held in a public detention facility as white youths.
Black youths show up to check it out.
Black zones indicate areas with close contact to the substrate surface.
Black is clothing.
Black is color
Black is color.
Black is colour.
Black is men.
Black is video games.
Black Tailed Prairie dogs can be territorial and aggressively defend their turf.
Blacks accept the lower wage offers because they face longer search durations.
Blacks also are usually uncomfortable working with White therapists.
Blacks also charge they are passed over for jobs in favor of some ethnic groups.
Blacks also express particularly high levels of concern about food safety.
Blacks also have less access to telephones and vehicles.
Blacks also seem to be falling short in the California college contest - but then so are whites.
Blacks also seem to obtain fewer specialized medical procedures than whites.
Blacks also tend to develop it earlier and with greater severity, according to the study.
Blacks also tend to have specific locations around the university designated as hangouts.
Blacks amateurs true story can always european blacks sucking pole sexjpg a youngdyke master-slave.
Blacks appear accurate and the image has a respectable level of shadow detail.
Blacks appear accurate and the level of shadow detail is more than respectable.
Blacks appear accurate and the picture provides a respectable level of shadow detail.
Blacks appear accurate, but shadow detail is limited by the original photography.
Blacks appear accurate, plus the picture boasts even contrast and decent shadow detail.
Blacks appear fairly accurate and the image produces a decent amount of shadow detail.
Blacks appear fairly accurate and the picture has smooth contrast.
Blacks appear fine and shadow detail is pretty decent.
Blacks appear solid and inky, but shadow detail does fall below modern levels.
Blacks appear solid and the image has pretty even contrast, as well as good depth.
Blacks appear very accurate, plus the image has smooth contrast and a good sense of depth.
Blacks are a beep black and the picture demonstrates very smooth contrast.
Blacks are a deep inky black and the contrast is very smooth.
Blacks are a deep inky black and the image has excellent contrast.
Blacks are a deep inky black and the picture displays an impressive level of shadow detail.
Blacks are a deep inky black and there is a good deal of subtlety in the shades of gray.
Blacks are a deep true black, plus the DVD offers superb contrast.
Blacks are a deep velvety black, and the transfer delivers good contrast.
Blacks are a genuine ebony black and the image has very good contrast.
Blacks are a more northerly species.
Blacks are a perfect velvety black, plus the image has very good contrast.
Blacks are a real novelty to most of the locals.
Blacks are a solid inky black, while the whites are bright and accurate.
Blacks are a solid, inky black, plus there is a respectable level of shadow detail in the image.
Blacks are absent from corporate board rooms, and the upper ranks of the clergy and military.
Blacks are absolutely perfect and the image always provides very good shadow detail.
Blacks are absolutely perfect, plus the image displays excellent contrast and tremendous depth.
Blacks are accurate and contrast appears consistent under various lighting conditions.
Blacks are accurate and the picture delivers a very good level of shadow detail.
Blacks are accurate and the picture displays good depth.
Blacks are accurate and the picture has a good level of depth.
Blacks are accurate, although the level of shadow detail suffers during the very dark sequences.
Blacks are accurate, but shadow detail is somewhat limited.
Blacks are accurate, plus there is a respectable amount of shadow detail in the picture.
Blacks are accurately rendered and the image reproduces smooth, even contrast.
Blacks are accustomed to finding themselves on sacrificial altars.
Blacks are actually terrible dancers.
Blacks are all black.
Blacks are almost twice as likely to be robbery victims as whites.
Blacks are also at highest risk of hypertension-induced heart failure.
Blacks are also heavy duty, never wavering.
Blacks are also less likely to receive coronary angiography or coronary revascularization.
Blacks are also more likely to be loyal to different brands than whites.
Blacks are also more likely to put quilts, comforters and pillows in bed with their newborns.
Blacks are also one of the oldest inbred strains.
Blacks are also the victims of crimes more often than whites.
Blacks are also to be found across the entire spectrum of other Christian groups.
Blacks are also twice as likely as whites to commit hate crimes.
Blacks are among the richest and most popular figures in the sports and entertainment world.
Blacks are an interesting case.
Blacks are appropriately dark without being overly harsh or blotchy.
Blacks are appropriately dark, but seem a bit grainy throughout the film.
Blacks are at higher risk than whites, perhaps because they often lack access to good medical care.
Blacks are at higher risk than whites.
Blacks are at risk of racial and minority injustices too.
Blacks are beautiful.
Blacks are behind in the information age.
Blacks are better at basketball because they put more emphasis on basketball.
Blacks are better off now in some ways, such as pay.
Blacks are better than whites in basketball.
Blacks are black, and they're deep black baby.
Blacks are complicitous in our own suffering.
Blacks are concerned with the lack of a strong leader.
Blacks are confined largely to small and medium-size retail enterprises.
Blacks are 'conservative' by instinct, tradition, and experience.
Blacks are creative that way.
Blacks are dark and rich.
Blacks are dead on perfect and image displays amazing level of shadow detail.
Blacks are dead on perfect and the picture produces tremendous shadow detail and depth.
Blacks are dead on perfect, plus the picture boasts superb depth and shadow detail.
Blacks are dead on with superb shadow detail and contrast.
Blacks are dead on, plus the picture offers a superb level of shadow detail.
Blacks are deep and inky, plus the image boasts excellent shadow detail and depth.
Blacks are deep and inky, plus the picture has very good contrast and shadow detail.
Blacks are deep and inky, which gives the film s darker scenes an ominous, foreboding quality.
Blacks are deep and noise free, but the colors are somewhat muted.
Blacks are deep and rich, and colors are fully saturated throughout.
Blacks are deep and rich.
Blacks are deep and shadow detail is quite respectable.
Blacks are deep and solid and shadow detail is usually quite good.
Blacks are deep and solid, and highlights are well balanced.
Blacks are deep and solid, and shadow delineation is quite good.
Blacks are deep and solid, and whites are usually bright and clean with no blooming.
Blacks are deep and solid, and whites are usually bright and clean.
Blacks are deep and solid, plus contrast is fairly smooth and the whites appear stable.
Blacks are deep and solid, while shadow detail is very strong.
Blacks are deep and solid.
Blacks are deep and the level of shadow detail is excellent.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the disc boasts terrific contrast.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the DVD boasts excellent contrast.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the image boast very impressive shadow detail and excellent contrast.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the image boasts smooth contrast and good overall shadow detail.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the image boasts solid shadow detail and smooth contrast.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the image displays excellent shadow detail and contrast.
Blacks are deep and true, plus the image has good contrast.
Blacks are deep and true.
Blacks are deep black and the image has reasonably good contrast.
Blacks are deep black and the image offers dependable contrast.
Blacks are deep black while the image has superior contrast and fine detail.
Blacks are deep black, except for occasional shots that utilize rear projection.
Blacks are deep but often noisy.
Blacks are deep, although the film's lighting does muddy up the level of shadow detail in places.
Blacks are deep, coal black and the image offers relatively smooth contrast.
Blacks are deep, contrast levels good, and the image is relatively sharp.
Blacks are deep, yet nicely detailed.
Blacks are different.
Blacks are ebony black and the image has good contrast.
Blacks are exempt.
Blacks are expendable.
Blacks are fairly accurate and the image displays respectable contrast.
Blacks are fairly accurate and the image has fairly smooth contrast.
Blacks are fairly accurate and the picture delivers a respectable level of shadow detail.
Blacks are fairly accurate, but don t go looking for much by way of shadow detail.
Blacks are fairly accurate, but shadow detail tends to be somewhat limited.
Blacks are fairly accurate, but the contrast renders things a bit flat looking at times.
Blacks are fairly accurate, but whenever the picture gets dark, the image becomes somewhat muddy.
Blacks are fairly inky and the image does have good depth.
Blacks are fairly solid and the picture displays a decent level of shadow detail.
Blacks are faithfully recreated and contrast appears quite smooth.
Blacks are faithfully recreated and the contrast is very smooth.
Blacks are faithfully recreated and the picture delivers a healthy level of shadow detail.
Blacks are faithfully recreated and the picture delivers good shadow detail.
Blacks are far more conservative than people realize.
Blacks are flawless and the image boasts very good shadow detail and excellent depth.
Blacks are flawless, plus the image boasts superb shadow detail and tremendous depth.
Blacks are generally deep and accurate, especially during black and white sequences.
Blacks are generally on the money and there is always a healthy dose of shadow detail.
Blacks are genuinely black and the contrast is a bit harsh at times.
Blacks are good on spinner baits and plastics near beds along with smallmouth and Kentucky bass.
Blacks are heavily involved in transportation of drugs for sale.
Blacks are hip to barbecue, and whites are getting hip to barbecue as a treat.
Blacks are impeccable and the contrast is incredibly smooth.
Blacks are in harmony with nature.
Blacks are inconsistent, sometimes appearing accurate, sometimes leaning towards dark gray.
Blacks are increasingly numerous.
Blacks are industrial strength, while attention to detail and depth of field is exceptional.
Blacks are industrial strength, while whites and shadows benefit from a pristine print.
Blacks are inferior human beings and deserve to be treated that way in America.
Blacks are inky, the contrast incredibly smooth and the level of shadow detail is highly impressive.
Blacks are intellectually capable of absorbing classical and abstract matters.
Blacks are interested in relationships.
Blacks are invisible in the national government, media and culture.
Blacks are just a tinted liquid that exposes cracks in the university s surface.
Blacks are just more comfortable being minorities than whites are.
Blacks are less affected than whites.
Blacks are less ambitious for promotions in the military than whites.
Blacks are less happy than whites.
Blacks are less likely than whites to attend college or graduate from college.
Blacks are less likely than whites to believe that things have improved.
Blacks are less likely to be self-employed or supported by investments.
Blacks are less likely to receive advanced medical treatments.
Blacks are like children.
Blacks are lush.
Blacks are mixed with browns and grays.
Blacks are more apt to perceive errors and racial injustice in the system.
Blacks are more interested in buying cigarettes per the image it projects to others. .
Blacks are more likely than whites to say blacks have less inborn ability to learn.
Blacks are more likely than whites to try to quit smoking.
Blacks are more likely to acquit than whites.
Blacks are more likely to attack white women than black women.
Blacks are more likely to be born too little and less likely to survive their first year.
Blacks are more likely to be executed than whites.
Blacks are more likely to have heart defects than whites are.
Blacks are more likely to have high blood Pressure and develop the disease earlier in life.
Blacks are more likely to have strokes than other ethnic groups.
Blacks are more likely to stay at the bottom.
Blacks are more racist than whites.
Blacks are more skeptical than whites.
Blacks are more than twice as likely to call themselves beautiful.
Blacks are much less likely than whites to go to college.
Blacks are much less negative than whites.
Blacks are nicely reproduced and the picture delivers a fine level of shadow detail.
Blacks are no longer slaves, but the intermixing of the races continues.
Blacks are no more prone to materialism than anybody else.
Blacks are no more supportive of the idea than whites.
Blacks are no worse as mothers, but a greater percentage of blacks are poorer than anybody else .
Blacks are of the midnight variety and the image has incredibly smooth contrast.
Blacks are often younger than whites with the disease.
Blacks are ok.
Blacks are on television.
Blacks are only slightly less likely to declare themselves happy than are whites.
Blacks are open-minded, very caring and sympathetic people.
Blacks are perfect and the image displays good shadow detail and very smooth contrast.
Blacks are perfectly recreated and contrast is sublime.
Blacks are picture perfect and the image boasts excellent contrast and very good shadow detail.
Blacks are poorer and less educated than their white counterparts.
Blacks are positively impenetrable, while shadows and whites benefit from a pristine negative.
Blacks are pretty accurate and shadow detail is adequate.
Blacks are pretty faithful, and the picture offers fairly consistent level of contrast.
Blacks are pretty pure and the image displays a smooth grayscale and very good contrast.
Blacks are pretty solid and there's a few jaggies here and there.
Blacks are pretty solid, while the clean master allows for pure whites.
Blacks are probably too clever to work together.
Blacks are pure and contrast is smooth.
Blacks are pure and deep with excellent contrast in the detail.
Blacks are pure and solid with shadow delineation that also impresses.
Blacks are pure and the image offers very smooth contrast.
Blacks are pure and the level of shadow detail is reasonably good.
Blacks are pure and the level of shadow detail is very respectable.
Blacks are pure and the picture delivers a solid level of shadow detail and good depth.
Blacks are pure and the picture displays a nice range of grays up to white.
Blacks are pure and the whites are cleanly produced without blowing out the image.
Blacks are pure with good contrast, providing a sufficient level of shadow delineation.
Blacks are pure, but the level of shadow detail is nowhere near that of a new film.
Blacks are pure, plus the image boasts very good shadow detail.
Blacks are pure, plus the image produces an excellent level of shadow detail.
Blacks are pure, plus the image provides very good shadow detail and excellent depth.
Blacks are pure, plus the picture boasts impressive shadow detail and depth.
Blacks are pure, plus the picture produces excellent shadow detail and depth.
Blacks are pure, while both shadow detail and contrast are excellent.
Blacks are rarer than livers, and roans even more so.
Blacks are really double blacks and so on.
Blacks are reference quality and the image's contrast is almost flawless.
Blacks are respectable, however the level of shadow detail is somewhat limited by the production.
Blacks are rich and the full range of grays are handles in subtle tones.
Blacks are right on the money and contrast is picture perfect.
Blacks are right on the money and the image boasts a marvelous amount of shadow detail and depth.
Blacks are right on the money and the image servers up a healthy dose shadow detail.
Blacks are right on the money and the level of shadow detail is exemplary.
Blacks are right on the money, plus the image boasts excellent shadow detail, clarity and depth.
Blacks are right on the money, plus the image produces excellent shadow detail and tremendous depth.
Blacks are right on the money, plus the rich looking picture has excellent contrast and depth.
Blacks are right on the money, with the image offering very good shadow detail and even contrast.
Blacks are significantly more likely to believe that the courts are too harsh on criminals.
Blacks are six times more likely than whites to develop glaucoma.
Blacks are skeptical about learning about their history from a white stranger.
Blacks are slaves with no legal rights and are faced with high degrees of discrimination.
Blacks are so close together.
Blacks are solid and dark and never impose on the integrity of the picture.
Blacks are solid and inky, plus the picture provides smooth contrast and excellent shadow detail.
Blacks are solid and shadow detail is respectable for a film that is over fifty years old.
Blacks are solid and the image delivers a good level of shadow detail.
Blacks are solid and the image has very good depth.
Blacks are solid and the image produces a decent level of shadow detail.
Blacks are solid and the image reproduces a good level of shadow detail.
Blacks are solid and the picture produces a good level of shadow detail.
Blacks are solid and very deep, plus the picture possesses superb depth and shadow detail.
Blacks are solid with a lot of detail.
Blacks are solid, as is the level of shadow detail in the image.
Blacks are solid, contrast is good and the level of shadow detail is decent.
Blacks are solid, plus shadow detail excellent during the film's numerous dark scenes.
Blacks are solid.
Blacks are solitary feeders and kill their prey in the same way as the other marlins and sailfish.
Blacks are still almost invisible in the managerial ranks of sports and sports broadcasting.
Blacks are still poor.
Blacks are still the minority in America.
Blacks are strong and dependable, while a pristine negative allows for terrific whites and shadows.
Blacks are strong and dependable, while whites and shadows are as clean as they come.
Blacks are strong and impenetrable, while a clean negative allows for pure whites and shadows.
Blacks are strong and impenetrable, while whites and grays are absolutely stunning.
Blacks are strong and impenetrable, while whites and grays are clean due to the new negative.
Blacks are strong and impenetrable, while whites and grays are clean.
Blacks are strong and the image has pretty smooth contrast.
Blacks are strong, while a pristine print provides for pure whites and grays.
Blacks are strong, while the pristine negative provides for clean whites and grays.
Blacks are strong, while the transfer from a pristine master allows for pure whites and clean grays.
Blacks are strong, while whites and grays are decent.
Blacks are strong, while whites and grays benefit from a pristine negative.
Blacks are strong, while whites are clean.
Blacks are substantially more likely to be violent crime victims than whites.
Blacks are suitably inky and the level of shadow detail is respectable.
Blacks are sumptuous with layers of black on black clearly defined.
Blacks are superior than whites.
Blacks are superior, never losing their opaqueness.
Blacks are superior, while whites and grays benefit from a pristine negative.
Blacks are the authority.
Blacks are the bad guys, even when they try to do good.
Blacks are the best they can be, providing for great atmosphere.
Blacks are the best they can be, while whites and grays are pure.
Blacks are the most at risk in terms of underdevelopment.
Blacks are the most loyal Democratic voters.
Blacks are the most loyal people to the party, and women are second.
Blacks are true and the overall contrast is quite good.
Blacks are true and the picture delivers a solid level of shadow detail.
Blacks are true black and the image contains solid contrast.
Blacks are true black and the image has clean, smooth contrast throughout the presentation.
Blacks are true black and the image has smooth contrast.
Blacks are true black and the image maintains smooth contrast under various lighting conditions.
Blacks are true black and the image offers terrific shadow detail.
Blacks are true black, and the DVD offers wonderful contrast.
Blacks are true black, plus the image boasts excellent contrast and respectable shadow detail.
Blacks are truly black, though perhaps with white markings.
Blacks are twice as likely as other adults to participate.
Blacks are twice as likely as whites to commit hate crimes.
Blacks are twice as likely as whites to commit what are officially classified as hate crimes.
Blacks are twice as likely as whites to suffer from the disease and twice as likely to die from it.
Blacks are two to three times more likely to get prostate cancer and die than whites.
Blacks are under-represented in high school courses designed to prepare students for college.
Blacks are underrepresented in many professional specialty occupations.
Blacks are velvety and the image has marvelous contrast and shadow detail.
Blacks are velvety, while the contrast is incredibly smooth.
Blacks are very accurate and contrast is smooth.
Blacks are very accurate and the image delivers surprisingly excellent level of shadow detail.
Blacks are very accurate and the image has excellent contrast under various lighting conditions.
Blacks are very accurate and the image has fairly smooth contrast.
Blacks are very accurate and the image has very good contrast under all lighting conditions.
Blacks are very accurate on most of the film, but there are places where they lean towards gray.
Blacks are very accurate, and there is a good level of shadow detail.
Blacks are very dark and the image has smooth looking contrast.
Blacks are very deep, but never lose definition, and give the picture a lot of depth.
Blacks are very rich and deep.
Blacks are very solid and the image provides excellent shadow detail.
Blacks are very solid and there is good level of shadow detail to be found in the image.
Blacks are victims of Whites, women of men and all children of their parents.
Blacks are warm, intuitive, empathetic and spontaneous.
Blacks are warm, intuitive, empathetic, and spontaneous.
Blacks are welcome to have a saint if they choose.
Blacks are well educated, have good jobs and are in the majority.
Blacks are well represented in the military, compared to the civilian sector.
Blacks attend college in percentages equivalent to the national black population.
Blacks begin a bus boycott in Baton Rouge.
Blacks believe, believe deeply, that they are victims of the police.
Blacks blame whites for it, and whites blame blacks.
Blacks bring rhythm.
Blacks buy fewer brand-name paper towels and less diet soda.
Blacks buy Philadelphia brand cream cheese and whites buy the store brand.
Blacks can be conservatives.
Blacks can be doctors and lawyers and whatever they want to do.
Blacks Can Be Savvy.
Blacks can be terribly noisy.
Blacks can dance better than whites.
Blacks can fall back on racism.
Blacks can live wherever they want now, as long as they can afford it.
Blacks can only move up in society through a process called blanqueamiento or 'whitening'.
Blacks can only read work by black authors.
Blacks can sit anywhere on a bus.
Blacks can turn hazy.
Blacks can write in the mainstream now without giving up their distinct voice.
Blacks celebrate the uplift the accomplishments bring, however fanciful.
Blacks come from a hot climate.
Blacks commit too much crime and therefore the police have contact with blacks way too much.
Blacks commit violent crimes at four to eight times the white rate.
Blacks commit violent crimes proportionately more than whites.
Blacks compete in the extremely tough arenas of sports and entertainment.
Blacks complain that the media distort our images.
Blacks complain that the media distorts our images.
Blacks complain that whites think blacks are intellectually inferior.
Blacks complete high school at roughly the same rate as their white peers.
Blacks continue to die and suffer in virtual slavery.
Blacks continue to have a strong claim on America's conscience.
Blacks continue to lament the previous one hundred fifty years rather than pursue a future.
Blacks contribute to the evils of society as often as whites.
Blacks currently enjoy political clout stemming from their image as perpetual victims of bigotry.
Blacks deserve better than that.
Blacks deserve nothing because they are black.
Blacks die twice as often from strokes as whites do.
Blacks discriminate against whites.
Blacks do it as well as whites.
Blacks do vary in color.
Blacks do worse than whites because whites live longer.
Blacks do, however, show more variation in their results than do whites.
Blacks end up on death row in numbers vast ly disproportionate to whites who commit the same crimes.
Blacks experience excessive mortality for many tobacco-related cancers.
Blacks experience the highest rates of serious violent crime.
Blacks face a feeling of non-acceptance as a minority at a majority white school.
Blacks face bigger issues.
Blacks feel isolated.
Blacks find the book's title and the illustrations offensive.
Blacks form about a fourth of Nashville's population.
Blacks form an important market niche in apparel and accessory retailing.
Blacks form far less of the officers' corps than the enlisted ranks.
Blacks generally appear nicely deep and rich, but on occasion they can seem somewhat gray.
Blacks get a black undercoat and a dark brown drybrushing.
Blacks get affirmative action in just about everything.
Blacks get good jobs.
Blacks get longer sentences than whites, on average, for the same crimes.
Blacks get sick easier, stay sick longer and die sooner than whites.
Blacks have a black body and black points.
Blacks have a dangerous love for violent statist assaults on private property.
Blacks have a higher incidence and mortality than whites.
Blacks have a presence outside of politics, as well.
Blacks have a reason to be angry.
Blacks have a solid inky consistency, plus the picture provides a good level of shadow detail.
Blacks have either a colored or white tail.
Blacks have glossy patent finishes that glisten with intensity.
Blacks have good definition and the contrast is relatively smooth.
Blacks have grainy skin like sandpaper, whereas dingys have smooth skin.
Blacks have grainy skin like sandpaper, while dingys have smooth skin.
Blacks have higher fertility rates than whites.
Blacks have higher infant mortality rates.
Blacks have higher oral cancer incidence and mortality rates than whites.
Blacks have higher rates of obesity than others, according to the heart association.
Blacks have it even worse.
Blacks have little political power mainly because so many of their political beliefs are wrong.
Blacks have much money in the city's large banks and savings and loans.
Blacks have no special rights over any other color regardless of their past history.
Blacks have on average lower levels of human capital and live in regions with low wages.
Blacks have shorter life expectancies than whites.
Blacks have that always-fatal disease several times as often as do whites.
Blacks have the highest rates of public coverage.
Blacks have the lowest incidence of osteoporosis in the American population.
Blacks have the right to equal treatment in inns, public transportation, etc.
Blacks have the same rights as whites and they should'nt complain so much about every thing.
Blacks have the shoddiest housing and the poorest schools.
Blacks have they are still viewed by their color.
Blacks have to learn to play the game.
Blacks have to make changes to facilitate the healing process as well.
Blacks have traditions and inheritances as rich as any member of white society.
Blacks have twice the incidence.
Blacks have unity in the prison and outside community.
Blacks head four of the eight teams left in the playoffs.
Blacks hold up extremely well, even in tough sequences like the underwater rescue.
Blacks hold up under the toughest of conditions, while shadows and whites are clean and pure.
Blacks indicate the lowest levels of abuse of cigarettes and alcohol.
Blacks is the subject heading for blacks living anywhere in the world.
Blacks just have a greater tendency towards violence.
Blacks know it.
Blacks know more about white culture than whites know about black culture.
Blacks know racism in America.
Blacks know that the court historically has been our best friend.
Blacks largely dominate America's major sports.
Blacks live primarily in south Charles Village.
Blacks look to their Black fraternities and sororities for support.
Blacks look very good, with the image producing a healthy level of shadow detail and depth.
Blacks lose their minds on a much smaller, much more self-destructive scale.
Blacks make up about a fourth of Tampa's population.
Blacks make up about a fourth of the population of Jacksonville.
Blacks make up about four-fifths of the population of the Bahamas.
Blacks make up about half of the city's population.
Blacks make up about seventeen percent of the population in New York State.
Blacks make up less than three percent of the student population.
Blacks make up more than a fifth of the state's population.
Blacks make up more than half of the population in Detroit, Baltimore and Memphis.
Blacks note they have played a significant role in our state's history.
Blacks now constitute two-thirds of the county population.
Blacks now graduate from high school at rates equivalent to that of whites.
Blacks now vote overwhelmingly Democratic.
Blacks only appear on TV as soccer stars, suspects or murder victims.
Blacks only make up twelve percent of the United States population.
Blacks overwhelmingly vote Democratic.
Blacks own that music.
Blacks participate more than whites of equal socioeconomic status.
Blacks pass through in cars, but are unwise to travel by on foot.
Blacks play basketball, eat watermelon, and break dance.
Blacks plays first in a non-handicap game.
Blacks prefer integrated neighborhoods, but ones with a substantial representation of blacks.
Blacks produce more testosterone than other races, hence, blacks have darker skin.
Blacks produce more testosterone than whites.
Blacks provide much of the impetus behind the charter school movement.
Blacks react less to drug.
Blacks receive less aggressive therapy for breast cancer than whites.
Blacks recognize the pattern.
Blacks remain the largest minority group in both counties.
Blacks render deep and true, while contrast remains consistently good throughout.
Blacks report by far the lowest levels of illicit drug use of any group.
Blacks resent it.
Blacks reserves the right to ask the winners to provide proof of age.
Blacks riot over police brutality.
Blacks run a greater risk of forcible rape, robbery, and aggravated assault than whites.
Blacks run the political parties.
Blacks say crime, whites education.
Blacks say it's a symbol of bigotry.
Blacks say the cops are on the muscle.
Blacks say there is plenty of truth behind the perceptions of unequal treatment.
Blacks say they are weary of talking about race.
Blacks score higher on the verbal than the math portion.
Blacks see a shrinking political role in Calif.
Blacks see whites as engaged in a massive self- deception as to the persistence of racial prejudice.
Blacks seem solid and the image has a very respectable level of shadow detail, as well as depth.
Blacks seem, to put it mildly, an even less likely target.
Blacks sells sporting goods online.
Blacks spend five times as much as whites.
Blacks spend more on tobacco, entertainment, and pe rsonal care than do whites.
Blacks still earn less than whites, but black income rose as well.
Blacks still have a claim on the public conscience.
Blacks still hold no real power.
Blacks still lag behind whites when it comes to college degrees, however.
Blacks still live in run down neighborhoods where crime is very high.
Blacks still make up a disproportionately small percentage of the American online population.
Blacks still own property there, but none reside there.
Blacks still suffer from an inordinate paucity of employment, education and income opportunities.
Blacks strut their stuff and roll their eyes, singing of dear ol' Dixie.
Blacks suffer high rates of tobacco addiction and cancers related to smoking in the United States.
Blacks suffer racism in different ways.
Blacks take on the shimmer of an infinitely deep pool.
Blacks talk about whites.
Blacks tend to be sparse and concise.
Blacks tend to become ill from smoking at younger ages than do whites.
Blacks tend to come from stronger family structures, at least the rural ones.
Blacks tend to see more Republican bias than whites.
Blacks think about race every day.
Blacks thrive in an environment of ruthless competition and demanding standards.
Blacks work and have homes but they are nothing compared to what whites have.
Blacks always have a problem .
Blacks often feel anger and frustration when they are overwhelmed by injustice.
Blacks usually cite the disparity as evidence of continuing white racism.
Blacks usually have the least amount of funding for education and housing.
All blacks like to do is destroy.
Many black owned and operated radio stations stand-alones face the same risks as a prize fighter.
Many blacks accuse all whites of being racist.
Many blacks are outraged that homosexuals want minority status.
Many blacks are socially conservative, and many distrust government.
Many blacks are unprepared to cope with racism.
Many blacks believe they have been overlooked for promotions.
Many Blacks constantly seek white approval.
Many blacks distrust the medical community.
Many blacks do attack whites because they are white.
Many blacks feel their previous oppressors have in some cases literally got away with murder.
Many blacks find the new opportunities bracing.
Many blacks hate their own skin color.
Many blacks have family members, relatives and friends who have been antagonized by the police.
Many blacks say they use the word endearingly or affectionately.
More blacks are in college than ever, and fewer are on welfare.
More Blacks are now in prison than whites.
More blacks can expect the same experience.
More blacks work for each other than for any big industry.
Most blacks also support the measure, though by a slightly smaller margin.
Most blacks are descendants of African slaves.
Most Blacks are like that.
Most blacks are middle class or better.
Most blacks are on the lower end of the social ladder in education and income.
Most blacks are on welfare.
Most blacks blame a lot of their trouble on the setback that slavery caused.
Most blacks still lack a leader.
Most blacks still live in the inner city, where the older schools are.
Some blacks agree.
Some blacks are also available.
Some blacks are immigrants from Africa and Caribbean islands.
Some blacks are liberal, but many are conservative.
Some blacks are women.
Some blacks call themselves niggers .
Some blacks fear the city's growing Hispanic population is taking jobs away from their community.
Some blacks have a price.
Some blacks say the flag represents an offensive symbol of racism.
Some blacks speak of a quiet rage that grows as they watch the affirmative-action debate.
Blackball is out of stock.
Blackbaud clients register for training online .
A blackberry bush is a bramble
Blackberry bushes abound in summer.
Blackberry canes are biennial.
Blackberry canes are heavy with ripe fruit.
Blackberry canes are long and very thorny, growing in groups or thickets.
Blackberry cobbler is today's treat.
Blackberry executives know the importance of security.
Blackberry flavors dominate, with lots of spice and pepper.
Blackberry fruit has a range of distinctive flavors which vary from sweet to tart.
Blackberry harvest is still a month away.
Blackberry harvest is well under way, and crop is excellent.
Blackberry plants are high in tannins which act as an astringent.
Blackberry plants provide wildlife with food and cover.
Blackberry plants require special care to produce large crops of fruit.
All blackberry plants are perennial, with roots living for many years.
Blackberry roots are perennial, but the canes themselves are biennial.
Blackberry rosette is recognized by the bunchy growth which appears on infected canes in the spring.
Blackberry seeds exhibit double dormancy.
Blackberry vines are easy to identify by their fruit.
A blackberry is a berry
Blackberries are a summertime treat.
Blackberries are abundant in eastern North America and along the Pacific Coast.
Blackberries are among the easiest of all fruits to grow.
Blackberries are an example of an aggregate fruit.
Blackberries are berries.
Blackberries are biennials and begin bearing the year after planting.
Blackberries are classified based on growth habit.
Blackberries are edible fruit.
Blackberries are fruit.
Blackberries are highly productive with no input of toxic chemicals.
Blackberries are in the early ripe fruit stage.
Blackberries are information appliances.
Blackberries are most plentiful in our area.
Blackberries are native to several continents, including Asia, Europe, and North and South America.
Blackberries are of most concern because they are intrusive and hard to control.
Blackberries are part of a late-season group of fruits that are high in sugars.
Blackberries are quite drought-hardy, but require considerable water during the fruiting period.
Blackberries are red when they are green.
Blackberries are ripe and still on the bushes in some areas.
Blackberries are ripe when they are plump and very dark purple, almost black.
Blackberries are sensitive to wet soils.
Blackberries are soft.
Blackberries are still green.
Blackberries are the silver lining of a very black cloud known as blackberry briars.
Blackberries bear fruit on canes that grew the previous year.
Blackberries bear on last years growth.
Blackberries can be pricey to buy.
Blackberries can grow in a wide variety of soils, but they do best on sandy loam or clay loam soils.
Blackberries contain both soluble and insoluble fiber components.
Blackberries Cut away old canes and reduce the number of new ones.
Blackberries do best in deep well drained soils such as sandy loams and loamy sands.
Blackberries do their best with plenty of space to grow.
Blackberries form a shelter for small animals and birds, such as quail.
Blackberries grow as vigorous vines that require heavy pruning at proper times.
Blackberries grow in a wide range of soils, but they fare best in well-drained soil.
Blackberries grow in abundance all throughout the Delta in the summer.
Blackberries grow in wet areas across the United States and Europe.
Blackberries grow throughout the United States.
Blackberries grow wild throughout most of Europe.
Blackberries have (part) peels.
Blackberries have (part) sections.
Blackberries have a magic sweet-tart taste and are incredibly juicy.
Blackberries have perennial root systems and biennial canes.
Blackberries have similar looking leaves but the undersides are green.
Blackberries produce succulent fruit in summer on woody canes.
Blackberries range in size from having only a few seeds to being as big as strawberries.
Blackberries require abundant moisture while the berries are growing and ripening.
Blackberries seem to ripen in clusters, with whole clusters being ready at the same time.
Blackberries spread vigorously.
Blackberries thrive in temperate climates with well-drained loose soil.
Blackberry isa berry.
Blackberry isa fruit.
Most blackberries appear to be resistant.
Most blackberries produce better when trained to a trellis, along a fence, or on a wall.
Blackbird Hill stands close by the side of the great river to-day as it did a hundred years ago.
A blackbird is an oriole
Blackbird isa bird.
Blackbirds are birds.
Blackbirds are common avian pests that cause major economic damage and occasionally spread disease.
Blackbirds are currently in the following configurations.
Blackbirds are easy to find in gardens all over Europe and in Asia , South of the Arctic Circle .
Blackbirds are easy to find in gardens all over Europe and in Asia, South of the Arctic Circle.
Blackbirds are given federal protection in the United States.
Blackbirds are prey for domestic cats, foxes and predatory birds.
Blackbirds are thrushs.
Blackbirds break up the quiet by cawing while soaring overhead.
Blackbirds can be a bit of a nuisance as they pull the mulch about.
Blackbirds can count up to five.
Blackbirds eat mainly insects in summer and seeds in winter.
Blackbirds eat seeds.
Blackbirds feed on fruit.
Blackbirds feed on nearby sunflower in the fall.
Blackbirds feed on plants and animals, including fruit, seeds, insects and small molluscs.
Blackbirds forage for insects.
Blackbirds have (part) air sacs.
Blackbirds have (part) bird's feet.
Blackbirds have (part) brains.
Blackbirds have (part) breasts.
Blackbirds have (part) cell membranes.
Blackbirds have (part) cells.
Blackbirds have (part) chest cavities.
Blackbirds have (part) chests.
Blackbirds have (part) corpi.
Blackbirds have (part) cytoplasm.
Blackbirds have (part) ears.
Blackbirds have (part) faces.
Blackbirds have (part) flight feathers.
Blackbirds have (part) heads.
Blackbirds have (part) lips.
Blackbirds have (part) mouths.
Blackbirds have (part) nuclei.
Blackbirds have (part) plasma membranes.
Blackbirds have (part) quill feathers.
Blackbirds have (part) rib cages.
Blackbirds have (part) second joints.
Blackbirds have (part) sections.
Blackbirds have (part) skulls.
Blackbirds have (part) sterna.
Blackbirds have (part) talons.
Blackbirds have (part) vacuoles.
Blackbirds have (part) wishbones.
Blackbirds have diets.
Blackbirds have growth.
Blackbirds have many noticeable adaptations.
Blackbirds have regions.
Blackbirds have white wings.
Blackbirds have wings.
Blackbirds live in gardens, thickets, hedges and broad-leaved and coniferous forests.
Blackbirds nest either in wetlands or in grasslands.
Blackbirds prefer fairly dense cattail stands, which many birds find unusable.
Blackbirds pull sprouting corn and other seeds.
Blackbirds rang the willows.
Blackbirds run on the ground and hop quickly, with brief pauses.
Blackbirds sing sharply in the wet trees.
Blackbirds use cattail for perches.
Blackbirds often forage in the open, but as they are timid, cover is usually close by.
Blackbirds sometimes cause serious depredation to sunflowers and certain other crops.
All blackbirds also have fairly long legs and strong feet.
Most blackbirds eat seeds.
Most blackbirds feed on fruit.
Most blackbirds have diets.
Most blackbirds have growth.
Most blackbirds have regions.
Most blackbirds have white wings.
Most blackbirds have wings.
Some blackbirds are drab, while others are brightly colored.
Some blackbirds feed on larvae.
Some blackbirds have migratory tendencies.
Some blackbirds have noticeable streaks.
Some blackbirds have streaks.
Some blackbirds have strong tendencies.
Some blackbirds have tendencies.
Some blackbirds prefer areas.
Some blackbirds prefer swampy areas.
Some blackbirds require components.
A blackboard is an artifact
Blackboard can create online courses to supplement and enhance current courses.
Blackboard can Option off either sellers underneath an belt.
Blackboard covers all the bases.
Blackboard does require the establishment of an account.
Blackboard enables instructors to quickly and easily make information available via the Web.
Blackboard enables lecturers to build online units with no more than a web browser.
Blackboard expect along a bunch until blow millard hotels.
Blackboard features a threaded discussion option.
Blackboard features a white board option.
Blackboard includes online course materials, quizzes, and class discussions.
Blackboard incorporates an impressive array of features that can all be easily used by students.
Blackboard is a course management system that helps faculty get educational materials online.
Blackboard is a course management system that helps instructors provide web sites for their courses.
Blackboard is a full-featured groupware product and popular with many levels of computers users.
Blackboard is a leading online education company.
Blackboard is a new web-based tool for teaching.
Blackboard is a product that allows instructors to deliver courses over the internet.
Blackboard is a program used to construct course sites on the web.
Blackboard is a robust, yet easy to use web-based tool used to support instruction.
Blackboard is a software product built with sound pedagogical ideals in mind.
Blackboard is a system for delivering instruction over the Web.
Blackboard is a tool to supplement classroom instruction and to enhance communication.
Blackboard is a very popular product used extensively by educators.
Blackboard is a way for the student to be interested and participate at the same time.
Blackboard is a web server that can be accessed like any web page.
Blackboard is a Web-based learning environment.
Blackboard is a web-based tool to deliver online instructional resources.
Blackboard is accessible from any computer with an Internet connection and a web browser.
Blackboard is accessible to anyone with a computer, an Internet connection and a browser.
Blackboard is available to all faculty members to use in conjunction with their classes.
Blackboard is course template software used to provide Internet access to class information.
Blackboard is easier to use.
Blackboard is freedom - freedom to communicate, to create, to administer.
Blackboard is generally easier to get started with and use.
Blackboard is in view.
Blackboard is one of the most popular and widely used distance education products.
Blackboard is one such tool which many universities are adopting for their delviery vehicle.
Blackboard is our online software.
Blackboard is similar.
Blackboard is user-friendly.
Blackboard isa artifact.
Blackboard learn to play black-jack.
Blackboard makes creating an educational website easy.
Blackboard never disconnects a user.
Blackboard offers a portal product.
Blackboard offers online tutorials and support .
Blackboard offers students timely access to the course syllabus, related documents, and quizzes.
Blackboard presents a much clearer and more intuitive interface for both students and instructors.
Blackboard provides a single, easy to remember web site for course content.
Blackboard provides a website for each course taught by an instructor.
Blackboard provides an area for comment and description on each external link.
Blackboard provides students access to their grades throughout the entire course.
Blackboard recommends the type of document.
Blackboard requires licensees to operate the latest version in order to obtain support.
Blackboard resides on our webserver.
Blackboard seahawks poster.
Blackboard seems to be slow today.
Blackboard transforms the Internet into a powerful environment for teaching and learning.
Blackboards are available for all rooms.
Blackboards are boards.
Blackboards are difficult to move.
Blackboards are heat treated for extended life and are also reversible and replaceable.
Blackboards are just that-boards painted black.
Blackboards are treasure chests of exam material.
Blackboards detail the latest specials and the current brew being poured.
Blackboards have (part) sections.
Blackboards is a fairly small establishment, with dining on the main floor and a bar downstairs.
Blackbody radiation depends on only temperature.
Blackbody radiation is a form of continuous spectrum .
Blackbody radiation is a very specific type of spectrum that corresponds to photons in equilibrium.
Blackbody radiation is emitted over a range of wavelengths.
Blackbody radiation is inherently lambertian.
Blackbody radiation is produced by an object which is a perfect absorber of heat.
Blackbody radiation is radiation
Blackbody radiation is the individual wavelengths of light emitted from blackholes.
Blackbody radiation is the type of radiation emitted by a purely thermal source.
Blackbody radiation Note that emission and absorption spectra come from thin gasses .
Blackbody radiation refers to the electromagnetic radiation that a blackbody material expels.
Blackbody radiators emit a continuous spectrum.
A blackbody is a natural object
Blackbodies are perfect absorbers of light and approximate stars over a wide range of conditions.
Blackbodies give the desired broadband energy output.
Blackbodies radiate according to their temperature.
Blackbodies radiate electromagnetic radiation according to their temperature.
Blackbody absorbs and emits equally well at all wavelengths.
Blackbuck antelope are one of the smallest antelope species of the exotic breeds.
A blackbuck is an antelope
Blackbuck are also very territorial and sensitive to environmental pressures.
Blackbuck are gregarious antelopes that congregate in open plains and form territories.
Blackbuck are indigenous to open plains of India, Pakistan and Nepal.
Blackbuck are primarily grazers.
Blackbuck are territorial, defecating in several large piles every day.
Blackbuck are the only endemic antelope of India and occur patchily across the subcontinent.
Blackbuck do require a dependable water source and shelter during periods of snow.
Blackbuck isa antelope.
Blackbuck prefer open, grassy country and have incredible vision.
Blackbuck prefer to graze on short to mid-length grasses but also browse on common brush species.
Blackbucks are considered one of the fastest animals in the world.
Blackbucks are grazers that feed primarily on grass in open prairies.
Blackbucks are hunted for their flesh and skin.
Blackbucks are particularly fast animals and can outrun most predators.
Blackbucks eat grass.
Blackbucks feed on short grass, and various cultivated grains.
Blackbucks generally resemble gazelle, found on the Arabian peninsula.
Blackbucks have (part) brains.
Blackbucks have (part) breasts.
Blackbucks have (part) cannon bones.
Blackbucks have (part) cell membranes.
Blackbucks have (part) cells.
Blackbucks have (part) chest cavities.
Blackbucks have (part) chests.
Blackbucks have (part) corpi.
Blackbucks have (part) cytoplasm.
Blackbucks have (part) ears.
Blackbucks have (part) faces.
Blackbucks have (part) heads.
Blackbucks have (part) hip sockets.
Blackbucks have (part) hoofs.
Blackbucks have (part) nuclei.
Blackbucks have (part) piluses.
Blackbucks have (part) plasma membranes.
Blackbucks have (part) rib cages.
Blackbucks have (part) second stomachs.
Blackbucks have (part) sections.
Blackbucks have (part) skulls.
Blackbucks have (part) sterna.
Blackbucks have (part) vacuoles.
Blackbucks have a graceful and slender build.
Blackbucks have consumption.
Blackbucks have food consumption.
Blackbucks possess horns.
Blackbucks possess long horns.
Blackbucks reach maturity.
Blackbucks reach sexual maturity.
Blackbucks rely mainly on eyesight to avoid capture.
Blackbucks survive on diets.
Blackbucks tend to inhabit open grasslands and are primarily diurnal.
All blackbuck have white eye rings, chin patch, chest, belly, and inner legs.
Most blackbucks eat grass.
Most blackbucks have consumption.
Most blackbucks have food consumption.
Most blackbucks possess horns.
Most blackbucks possess long horns.
Most blackbucks reach maturity.
Most blackbucks reach sexual maturity.
Most blackbucks survive on diets.
Some blackbucks are killed illegally especially where they co-occur with nilgai .
Some blackbucks become pests.
Some blackbucks draw chariots.
Some blackbucks have rings.
Some blackbucks have significance.
Some blackbucks have white eye rings.
Some blackbucks show variation.
Blackburnian Warblers are common breeders in coniferous plantations on site.
Blackchin shiners prefer clear, vegetated water over a sand bottom.
Blackened dishes are also great cooked directly in the flames on a charcoal or gas grill.
Blackest color is achieved with the brightest lighting.
Blackfish populations are at an all time low.
A blackfly is an aphid
Blackflies are a nuisance and cause itching bites.
Blackflies are a vector for diseases of humans, turkeys and wild birds.
Blackflies are aphids.
Blackflies are fond of the young, sappy growth at the tips of fava bean plants.
Blackflies are found near water and can also be found in the Arctic region.
Blackflies are gnats.
Blackflies are small black flies with a humped appearance that are pests of man and animal.
Blackflies breed in running water so are most abundant in early summer.
Blackflies hatch in the early spring from the very streams in which the trout await.
Blackflies have broad wings with all the obvious veins in the anterior part of the wing.
Blackflies usually emerge.
Some blackflies are disease vectors.
A blackhead is a defect
Blackheads appear as tiny black dots on the face that are very difficult to see.
Blackheads appear when sebum mixes with skin pigments in plugged pores.
Blackheads are a reflection upon one's personal cleanliness, therefore bathe the whole body often.
Blackheads are also keratin plugs in the gland opening but the gland remains open to the outside.
Blackheads are blemishs.
Blackheads are caused due to various reasons like oil deposits, unclean skin surface and pollutions.
Blackheads are collections of oil and debris that clog pores.
Blackheads are open and in dark color.
Blackheads are open comedones.
Blackheads are part of skin.
Blackheads are pores that become clogged due to excess oils.
Blackheads are the plugs found in blocked oil glands.
Blackheads are the plugs found in blocked-off oil glands.
Blackheads are the primary lesions in acne .
Blackheads are the simplest of acne lesions.
Blackheads can be a problem from puberty until early adulthood for many individuals.
Blackheads can take quite a long time to clear.
Blackheads form and create a blockage at the mouth of the follicle.
Blackheads form when oil, makeup, and dirt get trapped in large pores.
Blackheads form when sebum combines with skin pigments and plugs the pores.
Blackheads form when sebum combines with skin pigments to clog pores.
Blackheads Keep the face clean.
Some blackish hairs start to grow on their ears, around their eyes and shoulders.
Blackish individuals occur in some locations.
Blackish spots are excrement.
Blackjack games are also rare.
Blackjack games are very similar from place to place.
Blackjack knives are among the most collectible of recently made production knives.
Most blackjack players know that there are ways to improve the way they play.
Blackjack rules are quite restrictive by Atlantic City and Las Vegas Strip standards.
Blacklight traps can attract males and females of numerous insect species.
Blackmail is extortion
Blackmail works wonders with weak opponents.
A blackmailer is a criminal
Blackmailers deserve to be blackballed.
Blackmailers use dirt to threaten and extort.
Blackness blots the adjacent prairie waiting sere for spring's return.
Blackness crystallizes out of fog moving forwards.
Blackness is color
Blackness moves in over tormented souls, who are too weak to fight, too ignorant to know.
Blackness rolls in.
Blackness settles upon the water.
Blackness speaks of famine, of so great scarcity that one is in anguish.
Blackness watches from outside the window.
More blackness fills out the big window.
Some blackout dates apply and are listed below.
Some blackout dates apply and some room category restrictions also apply.
Some blackout dates apply, and are listed below.
Some blackout dates apply.
Some blackout dates do apply, so please call and check for availability.
Some blackout dates do apply.
Some blackout days apply.
All blackout lights are intact and working.
A blackout is darkness
Blackouts add injury to the rate increases that are coming soon.
Blackouts apply to certain dates.
Blackouts are a major problem.
Blackouts are a serious matter.
Blackouts are an emergency measure to prevent a collapse of the power grid.
Blackouts are approximately one hour in duration.
Blackouts are common in rural areas supplied by long feeder lines from urban power stations.
Blackouts are common in the provinces, where many areas are effectively without power.
Blackouts are far less common than brownouts.
Blackouts are more frequent during water fasting.
Blackouts are pauses.
Blackouts are periods of memory loss that occur while a person is drinking heavily.
Blackouts are physical events.
Blackouts are power outages.
Blackouts are state emergencies.
Blackouts are the ultimate in conservation.
Blackouts are unconsciousness.
Blackouts can also ensue, causing partial to total amnesia.
Blackouts can last up to two hours and are conducted during daytime hours.
Blackouts can occur anytime.
Blackouts disrupt businesses and put public health and safety at risk.
Blackouts exist for a variety of reasons.
Blackouts Hit Calif.
Blackouts kill all power immediately.
Blackouts mean a total loss of power, usually caused by storms or accidents.
Blackouts occur because alcohol robs the brain of oxygen.
Blackouts occur regularly and water is frequently cut off.
Blackouts occur when the supply fails completely.
Blackouts plunge most of the country into darkness on a weekly basis.
Blackouts roll across California.
Blackouts roll in regularly, but only at dusk.
Blackouts wreck havoc on businesses as well.
Most blackouts last a few minutes but some can go on for hours or days.
Some blackout dates.
Blackpoint calibration is now complete.
Blackpoll warblers are common breeders in conifer stands in river valleys.
Blackpoll warblers are common breeders in conifer stands in the northern portion.
Blackpoll warblers migrate to South America for the winter.
Blackseed plantain has a purplish petiole.
Blacksmith plovers breed in spring, building a nest made of reeds, twigs and mud.
A blacksmith is a skilled worker
Blacksmith are primarily inshore fish.
Blacksmith isa smith.
Blacksmiths are smiths.
Blacksmiths begin the carving process by sketching very detailed outlines on the wood.
Blacksmiths can cover the hot metal with sand, so that it takes hours to become cold.
Blacksmiths create weapons.
Blacksmiths give blows.
Blacksmiths give few more blows.
Blacksmiths have (part) arms.
Blacksmiths have (part) body substances.
Blacksmiths have (part) cell membranes.
Blacksmiths have (part) cells.
Blacksmiths have (part) corpi.
Blacksmiths have (part) cytoplasm.
Blacksmiths have (part) heads.
Blacksmiths have (part) human bodies.
Blacksmiths have (part) legs.
Blacksmiths have (part) material bodies.
Blacksmiths have (part) necks.
Blacksmiths have (part) nuclei.
Blacksmiths have (part) personality.
Blacksmiths have (part) plasma membranes.
Blacksmiths have (part) sections.
Blacksmiths have (part) vacuoles.
Blacksmiths have procedures.
Blacksmiths hold a special position in society.
Blacksmiths inherit large concentrations of nyama from their ancestors.
Blacksmiths make iron and steel tools.
Blacksmiths make knives.
Blacksmiths make tools from iron.
Blacksmiths produce hardware in the forge.
Blacksmiths regularly work hot iron for visitors in the shop.
Blacksmiths sell blackware wrought of black iron.
Blacksmiths still work in the Bandy shop making tools and doing all types of iron work.
Blacksmiths understand properties.
Blacksmiths frequently make their own hammers to suit their personal taste.
Any blacksmith can make one.
Many blacksmiths also incorporate materials such as bronze, copper, or brass in artistic products.
Many Blacksmiths are happy to welcome visitors to their shops and homes.
Many blacksmiths still use coal, and there are good reasons for it.
Many blacksmiths wear plastic safety glasses to keep their eyes safe.
Most blacksmiths create weapons.
Most blacksmiths give blows.
Most blacksmiths give few more blows.
Most blacksmiths have procedures.
Most blacksmiths learn to use a number of materials because each has specific advantages.
Most blacksmiths make knives.
Most blacksmiths understand properties.
Some blacksmith gives Santa a magic golden key that can open any lock.
Some blacksmiths become injuries.
Some blacksmiths become workplace injuries.
Some blacksmiths build cages.
Some blacksmiths continue to use recycled material and never go to the new steel.
Some blacksmiths eat meat.
Some blacksmiths find passions.
Some blacksmiths make barrels.
Some blacksmiths make gun barrels.
Some blacksmiths use same techniques.
Some blacksmiths use techniques.
Some blacksmiths wander through the tribes and fashion iron for daggers andspears.
A blacktail is a deer
Blacktails are no different.
Blacktails tend to stick to their beds like a tick on a hound.
A blackthorn is a bush
Blackthorn is a Philadelphia-based outfit that organizes the event.
Blackthorn is looked upon by some as the best wood for the shaft of a cane.
Blackthorn is the pilot of the ship and the first to realize the possibilities of Japan.
Blackthorn is the symbol of difficulty.
Blackthorn sells CDs and offers information about their products through their website.
Blackthorns are hawthorns.
Blackthorns are shrubs.
Blackthorns now accompany the lunantishee in Hibernia.
Blacktop roads provide safe and worry-free access all year.
Blacktop has (part) sections.
Blacktop isa artifact.
Blackwater Creek drains Hairy Lake into the east channel.
A blackwater is a disease
Blackwaters have high concentrations of humic substances, which stain the water dark brown.
Most blackwaters are also acidic.
Blackwood isa wood.
Bladder cancer accounts for two to four percent of all cancers.
Bladder cancer affects men three times as often as women.
Bladder cancer becomes more common with age and is more common in men than women.
Bladder cancer begins in the bladder, the organ that stores urine.
Bladder cancer can be quite painful.
Bladder cancer can present in many ways.
Bladder cancer has different origins.
Bladder cancer is a disease in which cancerous cells are found in the bladder.
Bladder cancer is also a frequent cancer for older men.
Bladder cancer is also a leading site of cancer worldwide.
Bladder cancer is cancer of the urinary bladder.
Bladder cancer is diagnosed by a biopsy done during a cystoscopy.
Bladder cancer is diseases.
Bladder cancer is generally fatal.
Bladder cancer is more common in men than in women.
Bladder cancer is more likely when there is repeated irritation to the bladder.
Bladder cancer is now the fifth most common cancer in the United States.
Bladder cancer is one of the more common diseases treated by urologists.
Bladder cancer is one of the most common cancers in both men and women.
Bladder cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in the United States.
Bladder cancer is one of the most highly curable types of cancer, if detected early.
Bladder cancer is primarily a disease of advanced age.
Bladder cancer is the fifth most common cancer in men, and the tenth most common in women.
Bladder cancer is the fourth leading type of cancer among men in the United States.
Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer among men, and ninth among women.
Bladder cancer is the fourth most frequent form of cancer among men.
Bladder cancer is the ninth leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Bladder cancer is the second most common malignancy of the genito-urinary system.
Bladder cancer is the sixth most common cancer in the United States.
Bladder cancer is very treatable if detected early and if patients receive appropriate care.
Bladder cancer occurs more frequently in the United States and England.
Bladder cancer starts in a single cell .
Bladder cancer strikes far more men than women.
Bladder cancers develop from the lining of the bladder, which is called urothelium.
Most bladder cancers are carcinomas of the transitional epithelium of the bladder's mucosal lining.
Most bladder cancers are superficial.
Most bladder carcinomas develop from a spectrum of preneoplastic and preinvasive urothelial disease.
Bladder catheters are the main cause of hospital infections.
Bladder control can also be a problem for new mothers.
Bladder control can often be fully or partly restored, or improved with appropriate management.
Bladder control is usually impaired, and sometimes completely destroyed.
Bladder control seems to be a sign of prestige in our culture.
Bladder grasshoppers are amongst the most spectacular sound producing insects in the world.
Bladder incontinence is approached mostly by a medical model.
Bladder incontinence occurs firstly because of storage of urine problems.
Bladder infection is a common problem that is usually easily treated.
Bladder infections are a threat.
Bladder infections are also more common in diabetics.
Bladder infections are common in the dog and easily treated.
Bladder infections are common in women, particularly during the reproductive years.
Bladder infections are less common among lesbians than straight women, though they do occur.
Bladder infections are more common in some families .
Bladder infections are more common in women than in men and are especially common during pregnancy .
Bladder infections are more likely after menopause.
Bladder infections are much more common in women.
Bladder infections are one potential cause.
Bladder infections are technically infections of the kidneys.
Bladder infections are the most common.
Bladder infections are very rate in cats.
Bladder infections can also contribute to the onset of bladder stones.
Bladder infections can be painful.
Most bladder infections enter from the urethra.
Most bladder neoplasms are malignant.
Bladder rupture is a tear or leak in the urinary bladder that results in uroperitoneum.
Bladder spasms are also more common when the bladder is irritated as with infections.
Bladder spasms can occur for few days due to stent irritation of the bladder.
Bladder spasms continue, no detectable contractions, both babies look ok.
Bladder spasms interfere with self catheterization.
A bladder stone is a calculus
Bladder stones are a significant health problem for many dogs and cats.
Bladder stones are calculuses.
Bladder stones are crystal masses made from minerals and proteins in urine.
Bladder stones are different than kidney stones.
Bladder stones are more common in elderly men with obstruction or lower UTIs.
Bladder stones are uncommon in the United Kingdom.
Bladder stones can also cause inflammation .
Bladder stones can develop in a period of weeks to months.
Bladder stones occur when there are high concentrations of minerals in the urine.
Bladder training can give women a way to re-claim control over their bladder function.
Bladder training can help with urge incontinence and functional incontinence.
Bladder training is used for urge incontinence and also possibly for stress incontinence.
Bladder training refers to the process of re-establishing good voiding habits.
Bladder tumors occur more frequently in female dogs and male cats.
Most bladder tumors are papillary transitional cell carcinomas.
Bladder tumours are growths originating in the inner lining of the bladder.
Bladder wrack is collected in the fall and spread on gardens as a mulch.
A bladder is a bag
Bladder also gives strength or courage.
Bladder becomes unstable due to involuntary detrusor muscle contractions.
Bladder is also in the female top ten.
Bladder is drained through the catheter.
Bladder is drained.
Bladder is filled to capacity.
Bladder is filled with irrigating solution through the cystoscope.
Bladder is filled with irrigating solution.
Bladder retraining is one type of behavioral training used in overactive bladder.
Bladders are bags.
Bladders are capable of empties.
Bladders are capable of filleds.
Bladders are capable of fulls.
Bladders are containers.
Bladders are located in bodies.
Bladders are part of bodies.
Bladders are part of footballs.
Bladders are part of human bodies.
Bladders are sacs.
Bladders are simple organs, but it is a great start, done at breathtaking speed.
Many bladders fail in the seams.
A bladderwort is a carnivorous plant
Bladderwort sounds dangerous.
Bladderworts are carnivorous plants.
Bladderworts are carnivorous plants.
Bladderworts are like mouse traps.
Bladderworts are probably the least familiar of our carnivorous plants.
Bladderworts grow just below the surface of open water.
Bladderworts lack roots , but terrestrial species have anchoring stems that resemble roots.
A bladderwrack is brown algae
Bladderwrack contains alginate.
Bladderwrack contains natural iodine to promote a healthy thyroid.
Bladderwrack extract from seaweed helps fight water retention and reduce cellulite.
Bladderwrack helps normalize the thyroid gland and aids in combating obesity.
Blades of grass help trap wind blown sand which can create new dunes and expland existing dunes.
Every blade of grass is a minifan which counters minivans.
Every blade of grass is under satellite imagery.
Every blade of grass seems perfect.
Some blade servers have growth.
A blade is a leaf
Blade changes easily with special patented mechanism.
Blade guards on either side assure operator safety.
Blade isa weapon.
Blade lacks subtlety and character.
Blade locks safely into position, release easily.
Blade locks safely into position, releases easily.
Blade shows use and discoloration.
Blade sucking damage appears as brown lesions where the blade s sap was removed by the insect.
Blade turns as long as motor is running.
Blade turns when engine is running.
Blades also break when the metal fatigues from use, or simply because they get dull.
Blades also can give off sound, which is another way fish locate food.
Blades also play an important role.
Blades are a great asset to the data center, saving valuable space and power consumption.
Blades are adjustable for thickness of cut.
Blades are adjustable.
Blades are already in use in telecom, military, medical imaging and industrial applications.
Blades are also tack welded to side plates, reducing rivet wear.
Blades are at additional cost to clipper.
Blades are available curved and with a shino-ji panel.
Blades are available in a variety of thickness to meet nearly any requirement.
Blades are available in both stainless and carbon steel.
Blades are available in either plain carbon or a range of funky colours.
Blades are available in five measures.
Blades are available in many different sizes.
Blades are available separately or as a pair.
Blades are available to rip wood, metal and ceramic.
Blades are available with modifications for freestyle, figures, and dance.
Blades are biased to remain closed.
Blades are bright green.
Blades are broad at the base and taper to a very fine tip.
Blades are cheap when compared to high quality mat board.
Blades are costly, difficult and take a long time to change.
Blades are custom welded to any length.
Blades are cuts of beef.
Blades are cylindric or flat.
Blades are easy to change without using a screw driver.
Blades are flakes which are at least twice as long as they are wide, with relatively parallel sides.
Blades are flat and have a rough texture on both surfaces.
Blades are flat, stiff and light green.
Blades are free of nicks and curled edges for smoother cutting and added longevity.
Blades are heat tempered nickel plated.
Blades are heavy and silver plated and look beautiful.
Blades are hollow ground thin to facilitate easy sharpening.
Blades are hollow ground with a satin finish and full tang construction.
Blades are impulse hardened for long lasting sharpness.
Blades are in good condition.
Blades are in like new condition.
Blades are inch thick hardened steel, radius cut so they keep their full length when sharpened.
Blades are individually available.
Blades are individually replaceable without rotor disassembly.
Blades are injection molded and fiber reinforced.
Blades Are Interchangeable and Reversible.
Blades are interchangeable with most standard hook-up units.
Blades are lanceolate to triangular and are sometimes beveled or serrated from re-sharpening.
Blades are lanceolate to triangular with straight, sloped or barbed shoulders.
Blades are large, light greenish-yellow, thin veiny, crinkled, and undulate.
Blades are leafs.
Blades are light green and flat or channeled.
Blades are like leaves.
Blades are located in figure skates.
Blades are long with small slopping shoulders.
Blades are narrow and lance-shaped, margins are entire or remotely toothed.
Blades are of high carbon spring steel, for strength and authenticity.
Blades are of high-carbon spring steel, for strength and authenticity.
Blades are often water-soaked and covered with the diagnostic pink gelatinous fungal growth.
Blades are oval or lanceolate, leaf like and reminiscent of beech leaves.
Blades are oval-shaped in cross section with no ribs and single air bladders near tips.
Blades are ovate to linear-lance shaped, slightly succulent, and light green.
Blades are part of chucks.
Blades are part of fans.
Blades are part of helicopters.
Blades are part of hockey sticks.
Blades are part of ice skates.
Blades are part of knifes.
Blades are part of lawn mowers.
Blades are part of oars.
Blades are part of propellers.
Blades are part of saws.
Blades are part of swords.
Blades are part of turbines.
Blades are part of windmills.
Blades are placed between the sections and the middle section is removed.
Blades are precut and prebent that looks very simple.
Blades are quiet and razor sharp.
Blades are razor sharp and hollow ground for easy edge maintenance.
Blades are razor sharp.
Blades are replaceable.
Blades are ribbons.
Blades are rough along the edges.
Blades are runners.
Blades are sharp.
Blades are short, narrow-waisted skis for ideal trick skiing.
Blades are specially heat treated for long life.
Blades are stainless or Damascus steel.
Blades are stainless steel.
Blades are steel, damascus steel or obsidian.
Blades are structures.
Blades are surgical stainless steel and are sharpened.
Blades are thin and fragile and, as a result, commonly are found in sheltered, shallow areas.
Blades are titanium nitride coated and replaceable.
Blades are trendy.
Blades are triangular with convex edges.
Blades are triple banded with extremely durable hardwoods.
Blades are unsharpened - intended for display purposes only.
Blades are upright and tend to slow rate at which water moves through a region.
Blades are used for cuts.
Blades are used for cuttings.
Blades are used for slits.
Blades are usually green but often have a dull purplish tinge.
Blades are usually long and narrow with parallel sides which go to a snub point tip.
Blades are very sharp, long lasting, and replacing the blade is very quick.
Blades are weapons.
Blades are white so measurements can be seen under safelight illumination.
Blades are young people.
Blades bears respect.
Blades become thinner and broader and thus even more dangerous .
Blades become thinner and broader and thus even more dangerous.
Blades can be custom fit to soil type, implement size, and the type of job.
Blades can be either symmetrical of asymmetrical.
Blades can be lance shaped or ovate with smooth margins or scattered teeth.
Blades can change characteristics over time.
Blades can cut either vertically or horizontally.
Blades can cut through different materials.
Blades can shade each other and reduce evaporation.
Blades come first.
Blades come with fine and coarse teeth.
Blades come with fine and course teeth.
Blades come with storage case.
Blades contain many slender, slightly raised side veins, forming a prominent network.
Blades develop at irregular intervals along the stipe.
Blades differ in the number of teeth and the angle at which they protrude from the blade.
Blades feature hollow ground fine edges with a satin finish.
Blades feature hollow-ground fine edges with a satin finish.
Blades furl sideways to limit speed in high wind for storm protection.
Blades goes away and out comes the rest of the cutters.
Blades grow off the central stipe, each with an air bladder that helps keep the plant afloat.
Blades has a dreadful habit of chasing and barking at anything with four legs.
Blades has a very appealing, easy-going style.
Blades have (part) hilts.
Blades have (part) knife edges.
Blades have (part) sections.
Blades have attractive satin finished surfaces, with hand honed final edges.
Blades have internal tip lamination to minimise risk of splitting.
Blades have surfaces.
Blades is very liberal with what it considers a creature which counts towards the maximum total.
Blades keep their cut.
Blades lock open securely and have one-hand release.
Blades make quick, powerful and smooth cut easily.
Blades offer clean, precise cuts, even in the most inaccessible spots.
Blades operate either vertically or horizontally.
Blades perform dual functions.
Blades perform functions.
Blades produce an incredible amount of friction.
Blades provide traction.
Blades remove for easy clean-up.
Blades represent the severing of a friendship.
Blades score one more but enough.
Blades sell quickly on the web, so keeping a large inventory is difficult.
Blades shape the items while they are spinning.
Blades show a nice wide habuchi, and big bright ashi.
Blades shown are our standard products.
Blades shows all the characters as italic, but they are shown here as roman, for legibility.
Blades tend to be parallel or slightly excurvate, and cross sections are plano-convex.
Blades trim and taper the hair for the professional look.
Blades turn as helicopter is pushed along floor.
Blades turning the fireguard is motioned back into the aircraft.
Blades typically break at the flex point in the foible.
Blades used in blade metering are less expensive than rolls.
Blades vary in size and weight to suit the individual warrior.
Blades wobble best on the upward surge, spoons better on the downward flutter.
All blades are adjustable and mount to various width buckets.
All blades are available in plain edge, or, with optional serrations no extra charge.
All blades are double-edged.
All blades are double-tempered and then local tempering is given to each one.
All blades are finely ground for a long lasting edge.
All blades are hand-honed to insure long lasting sharpness and effortless performance.
All blades are heat-treated and cryogenically treated for strength.
All blades are hollow ground.
All blades are interchangeable with all handles.
All blades are narrow notch.
All blades are stainless steel.
All blades can be gold plated at an additional cost.
All blades have full tang construction, and most have guards and butts.
All blades have some washout near the tip.
All blades have vertical insert undercut protection.
All blades lock and unlock using a single button for easy use.
All blades lock for safety.
All blades lock open and unlock easily.
All blades lock open securely and have one-hand release.
All blades plug in to a common midplane board.
Every blade creates a pulse when it comes by the radiator.
Every blade is beautiful gloss finished and protected by stainless steel leading edges.
Every blades cut is adjusted to thousandths of an inch.
Many blades are also reversible, featuring different finishes on either side of the paddle.
Most blades have handles.
Most blades have surfaces.
Most blades now have a pivoting heel stop, with varying mechanisms for quick braking.
Most blades perform dual functions.
Most blades provide traction.
Some blades allow the refill to simply slide in or out after a small end-clip is depressed.
Some blades also employ twisting along their length, again to optimize lifting efficiency.
Some blades are stiff, while others are flexible.
Some blades are very subtly waisted, others have parallel edges.
Some blades end up fully traditionally done.
Some blades generate energy.
Some blades generate wind energy.
Some blades grow from bottoms.
Some blades have a wavy tooth pattern.
Some blades have hinges.
Some blades have slits.
Some blades have veins.
Some blades kill wolves.
Some blades make very smooth cuts .
Some blades make very smooth cuts.
Some blades mount on tall towers.
Some blades mount on towers.
Some blades perform tests.
Some blades turn turbines.
Bladed crystals are usually transparent to milky-white on outcrop exposures.
Blah workday is worse.
Blain has to increase the flow of water to the mainframe - to keep it cool under pressure.
Blain is sore
Blains produces a colour newsletter which is available free on request .
Blake teachers incorporate flexibility into our challenging academic program to reach all students.
Blake teachers love to learn.
Blake teachers love to teach.
A blame game is an accusation
Blame games begin to emerge.
Blame arises from a sense of being threatened, and bypasses the higher thought processes completely.
Blame can also provide static lighting for the stage area.
Blame can cover up feelings of shame and powerlessness.
Blame falls on industrial and developing nations alike.
Blame falls on the foreign culture, but even more on oneself.
Blame flows freely.
Blame fuels the fire of disagreement.
Blame goes first to the parents, and then leaps to government.
Blame goes primarily to leadership.
Blame here goes to an innocent typo and a roguishly unresponsive company.
Blame here is obvious.
Blame invades our daily family experiences.
Blame is a big part of the controller's experience.
Blame is a characteristic that differs significantly for natural and human-caused disasters.
Blame is a defense designed to hide our own issues or responsibility for an ending.
Blame is a defense mechanism.
Blame is a form of energetic cancer.
Blame is a human concept.
Blame is a macabre game of musical chairs.
Blame is a pretty easy thing to give.
Blame is a trap that many people fall into.
Blame is a value judgment against our choices, implying sin and guilt which implies punishment.
Blame is also the basic reason for the current escalation in violence.
Blame is always easier than looking deep inside.
Blame is an accusation
Blame is an affect laden word.
Blame is another common flaw.
Blame is assigned, and remedial action is taken after the fact.
Blame is assigned.
Blame is counterproductive.
Blame is deflected from one side to the other.
Blame is dispersed.
Blame is easy, but boycotts require self-awareness and control.
Blame is easy.
Blame is everywhere.
Blame is futile, the important thing is to help each other to be strong for the sake of the child.
Blame is generally counterproductive.
Blame is hard and complex.
Blame is hard to fix here.
Blame is healthy.
Blame is irrelevant.
Blame is irrelevent.
Blame is just another response to be transformed.
Blame is less important than understanding.
Blame is okay, but action speaks volumes.
Blame is on both sides.
Blame is our enemy.
Blame is overrated.
Blame is placed on others.
Blame is placed on the relationship between men and their fathers or women and their mothers.
Blame is plentiful.
Blame is put on a new system of state aid, which delays payments to school districts.
Blame is satis fying, but survival depends on results.
Blame is shifted to the Jewish crowd, the Jewish people.
Blame is shifted to unelected county staff, who are immune to criticism.
Blame is such a horrible aspect of humanity.
Blame is suggested because it gives an impression of one's disrespect for the other person.
Blame is the core of most emotional disturbances.
Blame is the name of the game.
Blame is the symptom of an unsafe relationship.
Blame is thought to be equally shared between the prevention and intervention fields.
Blame is unimportant right now.
Blame just creates more suffering and more hurt.
Blame leads to fear.
Blame lies everywhere.
Blame lies with the gamblers and people frequenting brothels too.
Blame makes every effort to ensure that sound levels are correctly set for each venue.
Blame makes it easier to distance oneself from the problem and to feel safe.
Blame makes reconciliation impossible.
Blame mosquitoes carrying avian malaria.
Blame promotes bitterness.
Blame pushes people apart instead of encouraging mutual support.
Blame refer to how responsible people are for being exposed to a risk.
Blame relies on hindsight.
Blame rests as well in a lack of leadership from organized medical societies.
Blame seems beside the point.
Blame sits squarely on the school board.
Blame suggests an emotional, irrational response, while accountability evokes thought and reason.
Blame weakens the one who is blaming.
Blames slowdown on energy costs.
All blame is a waste of time.
All blame is placed on the lover for the seduction of their little girl.
All blame is placed upon the scientists, and by association, science in general.
All blame rests with the abuser.
All blames are on the doctors.
Any blame belongs to the students, in that respect.
Much blame needs to be laid at the door of the authorities as well.
Some blame goes to parents, teachers, TV, and our decadent culture.
Blanche asks how much is needed to publish the manifesto.
Blanche attempts to break the silence with a parrot joke, but no one seems amused.
Blanche attempts to get even.
Blanche begins to hear the polka music again.
Blanche begins to show signs of wear.
Blanche cleans up .
Blanche deceives everyone for a good portion of the play.
Blanche meanwhile hates the world.
Blanche plays piano, arranges the music and sings alto with the group.
Blanche points out that trees can also be used for pulpwood, timber, and pine straw production.
Blanche reacts with a laugh.
Blanche runs into the next room in tears.
Blanche sends machine retrieval letters.
Blanche tries to pray, but seeing the corpse, is overcome by fear and begins to leave.
Blanche turns on the radio and begins to dance to a rumba that is playing.
Blanche walks in a powerful anointing.
Blanches are stations.
Blanches pale green when cooked.
Blanched almonds are almonds that have had that brown skin removed.
Blanched asparagus is a gourmet item.
Blanched carrot shards in a sweet-tangy vinaigrette.
Bland choices can be just as deadly.
Bland County has a very small population and the data are skewed because the population is small.
Bland County is delayed two hours.
Bland environments cause sensory deprivation and can be detrimental to healing.
Bland food is often a dietary recommendation for digestive issues or illnesses.
Bland foods are also better tolerated.
Bland foods are usually much easier on the stomach.
Bland soils are on adjacent uplands and are clayey and moderately deep to rock.
Bland students get in free.
A blandishment is flattery
Blandishments are enticement.
Blandishments are flattery.
All blandishments herein are property of the proprietor.
Blank assessments are public records and parents can get graded assessments upon making a request.
Blank badges are also available.
Blank badges are available from several sources, and can be painted up with the appropriate colors.
Blank ballots are just invalid ballots.
Blank ballots are then prepared and distributed.
Blank cells continue the class from the cell above.
Blank cells fill any extra columns in the shorter rows.
Blank cells imply no importance is placed on a particular goal.
Blank cells indicate either zero composition or no available data.
Blank cells indicate missing data.
Blank cells indicate uncertainty about a supplier's offering.
Blank cells perform no function in an evolved neural network.
Blank copies are available near registration.
Blank days are neutral.
Blank disks are also for sale here.
Blank disks are inexpensive and are found in many stores.
Blank document is available in the admissions office.
Blank entries appear during years before the pesticide was registered.
Blank entries have no data.
Blank entries indicate the lack of complete records.
Blank entries mean no setting.
Blank exam is separate from the key.
Blank field indicates sensors are reporting good data.
Blank field is ignored.
Blank forms are available at all the U.S. consular offices.
Blank forms are available at all U.S. consular offices.
Blank forms are available at no cost from the probate court office.
Blank forms are available by clicking on the appropriate button below.
Blank forms are available for free at all U.S. consular offices.
Blank forms are available free in the Sales Area.
Blank forms are available from the laboratory coordinator and technician.
Blank forms are available from the probate court office.
Blank forms are available from the school.
Blank forms are available in the back of church and at the parish office.
Blank forms are available in the office as well as a form filled out as an example.
Blank forms are available in the registrar's office.
Blank forms are available only at the ward or city office.
Blank forms are available there, as well.
Blank forms are available through normal supply channels.
Blank forms are available without charge at all U.S. consular offices.
Blank forms are available without charge at Japanese consular offices.
Blank forms are in the back of the book for students to fill in to indicate their availability.
Blank forms are in the front of the notebook.
Blank forms are in the vehicle.
Blank forms are legal forms.
Blank forms are to be kept in vehicle, whenever possible.
Blank line is a paragraph break.
Blank locations are skipped.
Blank pages are lined and printed on a warm texture, simulating fine antique paper.
Any blank pages are indicated.
Every blank page is voice unrealized.
Blank paper is fine.
Blank paper provides no more social cues than do computer screens.
Blank papers are in the back of the binder after the subject sections.
Blank regions are orbital day.
Blank scrap is reduced, with less wrinkling and tearing.
Blank silence follows.
Blank space follows.
Blank space gives the cleanest look.
Blank space indicates available unit.
Blank space is always a challenge.
Blank space is an area
Blank space is ignored in search strings.
Blank space is important for appearance, so use it.
Blank space is provided in the test book for student work.
Blank space means no recorded record.
Blank space provided so kids can write down thoughts and feelings.
Blank space stretches out on all sides in a silent smugness.
Blank spots are rotation shifts.
Blank squares indicate days worked or non-work days.
Blank squares indicate that data is unavailable or missing.
Blank tape is expensive and difficult to find, however.
Blank tapes are available from the campus bookstore.
Blank tapes are available in brown cabinets behind receptionist desk.
Blank tapes are expensive here.
Every blank tape sold has royalties attached.
Blank widths vary based on letter size and style.
A blank is a crack
Blanks also verify that the analytical procedure is functioning within acceptable parameters.
Blanks are also available to nicely finish off empty insert positions.
Blanks are always irrelevant.
Blanks are an important quality control component of any air sampling program.
Blanks are available for many of the rod models noted on following pages.
Blanks are available with either sew on backing or heat seal backing.
Blanks are cartridges.
Blanks are characters which glyphs are empty space, either vertically or horizontally.
Blanks are clean.
Blanks are important.
Blanks are intentional.
Blanks are now no longer removed from names.
Blanks are optional between operators and strings.
Blanks are ported for manufacturing supply in places where nature has provided no suitable stone.
Blanks are pretty pricey when it comes down to it.
Blanks are sheets.
Blanks are significant.
Blanks are 'space' characters.
Blanks are space characters.
Blanks are then ready for building.
Blanks are wildcards.
Blanks become significant in the free form of the source code.
Blanks can appear within the text enclosed within the double quotes.
Blanks can be very helpful when teaching subjects like Simple Past.
Blanks can kill.
Blanks can precede or follow a numeric value with no effect.
Blanks can set fire to costumes, scenery etc and are likely to blind.
Blanks come in several flavors.
Blanks ends of lines, and special characters are considered to be separators.
Blanks ensure that the background of the sampling media is below acceptable limits.
Blanks equal zero.
Blanks indicate lines which make up the edges of waterbodies.
Blanks indicate missing data.
Blanks indicate no data registered in databases.
Blanks indicate no data registered.
Blanks indicate no high school in the district.
Blanks indicate no information was entered in that column.
Blanks indicate that no test was given at that school.
Blanks indicate that the value is unknown.
Blanks indicate unknown quantities.
Blanks is a superb instructor, providing encouragement and careful instruction.
Blanks mean missing information.
Blanks mean no homolog was found.
Blanks represent domain which have been sold. sold.
Blanks separate the switches.
Blanks always delimit tokens.
Blanks always reminds people to keep their abdominal muscles tight and to keep working.
All blanks are necessary to start the artist booking process or to request more information.
All blanks are one-piece.
All blanks are optional, except the comments and name.
All blanks are optional.
All blanks begin with the appropriate initial letter.
All blanks have one stiff side.
Any blanks can go in the other three slots.
Any blanks can result in paperwork violations.
Most blanks are self-explanatory.
Some blanks are identical replicas of full bullets minus the projectile.
Some blanks can have more than one letter for answers.
Blanked colours are the same as American racing organizations.
A blanket is a bedding
Blanket isa bedclothes.
Blankets act as insulators.
Blankets also provide victims with emotional comfort and the message that someone cares.
Blankets are a comfort nearly every night of the season.
Blankets are a pain in the neck, but a necessity in light of high-energy bills.
Blankets are a rarity.
Blankets are about half as effective as dry ice.
Blankets are also available for blast containment, machine gun fire, and industrial applications.
Blankets are also available for the pilgrims free of cost.
Blankets are also helpful.
Blankets are also necessary to lay on, especially for grassy areas.
Blankets are always a welcome item.
Blankets are always available onboard in case it gets chilly.
Blankets are available for an extra cost.
Blankets are available for comfort.
Blankets are available for temporary and permanent installation.
Blankets are available if required.
Blankets are available in a variety of colors and patterns with a matching hat.
Blankets are available in the lobby.
Blankets are available in twill weave only.
Blankets are bedding.
Blankets are continuous rolls.
Blankets are covering.
Blankets are covers.
Blankets are double-bed size.
Blankets are easy to clean and replace, if necessary.
Blankets are easy, but maintaining the motivation to stay in the service is a tougher problem.
Blankets are extremely soft, practical, breathable and beautiful.
Blankets are good coverage.
Blankets are great, along with jackets, hats, gloves.
Blankets are layers.
Blankets are lined up neatly against the walls.
Blankets are located in backpacks.
Blankets are located in bedrooms.
Blankets are located in closets.
Blankets are located in drawers.
Blankets are located in hospitals.
Blankets are located in trunks.
Blankets are more difficult to handle than batts because of their size.
Blankets are OK but no security blankets.
Blankets are part of breeder reactors.
Blankets are pure cotton or lambs wool.
Blankets are readily available for shock cases and for protection of the injured.
Blankets are sometimes available for rent from the villagers for a small sum.
Blankets are standard crib size with satin bindings.
Blankets are textiles.
Blankets are the next skin after the body.
Blankets are to be taken home at the end of the week for cleaning.
Blankets are to be tucked in under the mattress.
Blankets are used for warmth.
Blankets are welcome on the lawn and lawn chairs are available for a fee.
Blankets are welcome.
Blankets begins to unwrap the first of the parcels.
Blankets can be effective if brought to the person.
Blankets can provide warmth, shelter, a little privacy, and a means to carry meager possessions.
Blankets can take up to three days to dry in the colder months.
Blankets come in a variety of colors, sizes and styles.
Blankets come with a vapor barrier that is directed inside the house.
Blankets continue to be woven for both personal use and trade.
Blankets cost money to buy and worker time to put on and take off.
Blankets hang over open doorways.
Blankets have (part) sections.
Blankets have surfaces.
Blankets insulate people when they are sleeping.
Blankets is supported by the business of Canada and the communities where the chapters are located.
Blankets Keep baby snug and warm in a softly textured blanket.
Blankets make it impossible to position the seat harness correctly.
Blankets provide advantage.
Blankets reduce evaporative losses from the water surface and help stabilize pool temperatures.
Blankets takes a slow deep breath, and smoothes flat a piece of paper.
Blankets turns to scrounge a clove cigarette off a loud American lady nearby.
Blankets used in infirmaries or by minors who are ill pose a health risk.
Blankets work very well, also.
Blankets often require two people to place on or take off of the pool.
All Blankets are available with baby's full name and birth date or a single name.
All blankets are handmade in the USA with love and have a small appliqued heart in one corner.
All blankets are lined and trimmed in lace.
All blankets come with fringe edges.
Many blankets show characteristics of all three and is difficult to cleanly separate the types.
Most blankets act as insulators.
Most blankets have surfaces.
Most blankets provide advantage.
Some blankets are available but people usually bring a sleeping bag.
Some blankets are more contoured than others.
Some blankets come from sheep.
Some blankets come with detachable tail guards.
Some blankets cover back seats.
Some blankets cover seats.
Some blankets cover sides.
Some blankets have roan edges, blending into the colored areas.
Some blankets possess lice.
Some blankets surround earth.
Blanketings are used for covering.
Blanketings are used for warmth.
Blarney is flattery
Blarney offers accommodation to suit all tastes and budgets.
Blase sophistication becomes a creeping, disfiguring disease.
A blasphemer is a nonreligious person
Blasphemers call such action blasphemy.
All blasphemy laws violate the constitutional provisions for free speech and religious liberty.
Blast cells are the most immature form of bone marrow cells.
Blast Chillers are the hot product of the future.
Blast chillers do the trick.
Blast fishing is driven primarily by the subsistence needs of small-scale fishers.
Blast freezing is a safe, non-chemical insect eradication treatment.
Blast freezing minimizes the size of ice particles in documents.
A blast furnace is a furnace
Blast Furnace Find out how the iron is extracted from the ore.
Blast furnaces are furnaces.
Blast furnaces are industrial equipment.
Blast furnaces are part of steel mills.
Blast furnaces are very large .
Blast furnaces are very large.
Blast furnaces operate continuously.
Blast injuries can result in acute pulmonary dysfunction.
Blast injury can result in arrhythmias.
Blast overpressure can produce collapsed lungs and ruptured internal organs.
Blast overpressure is inherent with denotation.
A blast wave is a wave
Blast waves caused by gas burning in congested areas can also cause damage.
Blast waves sweep the desert floor.
A blast is a fly
Blast aphids off plants with a jet of water from a hose.
Blast can be a serious problem for Arkansas rice producers.
Blast continues to hire VFS grads on a regular basis.
Blast Describes a shot from a sand bunker.
Blast fells damaged bridge as scripted'.
Blast is a particular problem in upland rice.
Blast is a program that finds sequences with very high similarity to the query sequence.
Blast is an amazing place that's teeming with editorial genius .
Blast is compact with clusters of conical fruit on top of the plant.
Blast is generally unsuitable for most searching with very short nucleotide sequences.
Blast is most severe on the exposed sides of the tree.
Blast is the file transfer authority.
Blast is their term for tag.
Blast isa noise.
Blast meets once a week.
Blast naturally activates neurotransmitter norepinephrine, the brain's version of adrenaline.
Blast pick or puncher.
Blast produces an intense shock wave and high winds that create flying debris.
Blast shields down and brace for our dive.
Blast take possession.
Blasts also cause trouble by forgetting to grow up.
Blasts are explosions.
Blasts are flies.
Blasts are magazines.
Blasts are software.
Blasts make bone, and clasts disassemble it.
Blasts show some differentiation, usually into the neutrophilic lineage.
Some blasts stay in the marrow to mature.
Blasted ore is loaded using mining shovels into haul trucks for transport to the primary crusher.
Blasted ore is recovered from below using LHDs.
Blasted things are everywhere.
Blasteds are play.
A blaster is a workman
Blasters come in a variety of shapes and sizes, delivering a wide range of damage capability.
Blasters range from just a couple recorders to dozens of recorders.
A blastocyst is a fertilized egg
Blastocyst isa animal.
Blastocyst isa beast.
Blastocyst isa creature.
Blastocysts allow for more informed choices and better control over outcomes.
Blastocysts can develop further only if implanted in a woman's uterus.
Blastocysts can hatch and implant.
Blastocysts can split, usually after transfer.
Blastocysts contain fluid.
Blastocysts develop long, thread-like walls that begin to twist together and form knots.
Blastocysts have (part) brains.
Blastocysts have (part) cell membranes.
Blastocysts have (part) cells.
Blastocysts have (part) cleavage cavities.
Blastocysts have (part) corpi.
Blastocysts have (part) cytoplasm.
Blastocysts have (part) ears.
Blastocysts have (part) faces.
Blastocysts have (part) heads.
Blastocysts have (part) nuclei.
Blastocysts have (part) plasma membranes.
Blastocysts have (part) sections.
Blastocysts have (part) segmentation cavities.
Blastocysts have (part) skulls.
Blastocysts have (part) trophoblasts.
Blastocysts have (part) vacuoles.
Blastocysts undergo implantations.
Many blastocysts fail to implant and die.
Most blastocysts contain fluid.
Most blastocysts undergo implantations.
Some blastocysts come into contact.
Some blastocysts come into direct contact.
Some blastocysts create bubbles.
Some blastocysts enter states.
Some blastocysts have implantations.
Some blastocysts have layers.
A blastoma is a tumor
Blastomas are malignant tumors whose cells have undeveloped or embryonic characteristics.
A blastomere is a cell
Blastomeres are cells.
Blastomeres are embryology.
Blastomeres become motile.
Blastomeres move relative to one another.
Blastomeres sit on top of yolk.
Blastomycosis can affect the lungs, bones, and skin.
Blastomycosis can cause rapid changes in the eyes.
Blastomycosis can cause respiratory signs such as difficulty breathing, tiring easily or coughing.
Blastomycosis demands aggressive treatment.
Blastomycosis has a well-defined endemic area where it is found.
Blastomycosis is a fungal disease caused by Blastomyces dermatitidis.
Blastomycosis is a fungal infection involving the lungs and occasionally spreading to the skin.
Blastomycosis is a fungal infection.
Blastomycosis is a rare fungal infection.
Blastomycosis is an uncommon, but potentially serious fungal infection.
Blastomycosis is caused by Blastomyces dermatitidis .
Blastomycosis is diseases.
Blastomycosis is fungal infection.
Blastomycosis is more common in the upper Midwest.
Blastomycosis is mycosis
Blastomycosis is primarily a disease that infects people and dogs.
Blastomycosis is primarily a lung infection, but occasionally it spreads through the bloodstream.
Blastomycosis is treated with anti-fungal medication.
Blastomycosis is usually a slow-growing infection involving the lungs and the skin.
Blastomycosis occurs only in North America and Africa.
Blastomycosis starts out as a lung infection caused by inhalation of the conidia.
Blatant advertising is excepted.
Blatant advertising is frowned upon, but useful information is welcomed.
Blatant advertorial is exiled to fairly well-marked special advertising sections.
Blatant assholes are easy to spot.
Blatant commercialism starts to enter into the academic space.
Blatant discrimination is a continuing problem in the labor market.
Blatant homophobia is one thing, latent homophobia is another.
Blatant hypocrisy passes without objection.
Blatant racism is a simpler battle.
Blatant sales are often repugnant to most Internet viewers.
Blatant sexism is understood by most people.
Blatant sins are only half of battle.
Blatent advertising is a definite taboo violation.
Blather delivers nothing less . . .
Blather is here.
Blather is nonsense
Blather is temporarily offline.
Blather is the beginning .
Blather is words.
A blaxploitation is exploitation
Blaxploitation is a wonderful thing.
A blaze is a flame
Blaze trails through the forest of information.
Blazes are books.
Blazes are fire.
Blazes are marking.
Blazes are patches painted on trees or other landmarks to help hikers find their way.
Blazes are visible when traveling in either direction.
Blazes indicate a route but no trail is visible.
A blazer is a jacket
Blazers are jackets.
Blazers are tough enough.
Blazers dump their coach.
Blazers Sign Two Defensemen .
Most Blazers believe an impressive costume to be the secret to success.
Some Blazers seem to really enjoy backin' it up.
Blazered guards loiter beside heavy doors and in majestic, echoing hallways.
Blazing are fire.
A blazon is an emblem
Blazon is based in conventions that make it terse and unequivocal.
Blazons are unpunctuated, except that the tinctures and charges begin with a capital letter.
All blazon is given with shield as viewed from the bearer.
Some bleach events are caused by warm water.
Some bleach events are caused by water.
Bleach flour contains yeast.
Bleach white flour contains yeast.
Bleach is cleaning products.
Bleach is disinfectants.
Bleach is located in hospitals.
Bleach is located in work.
Bleach is used for cleaning.
Bleach is white
Bleach is white.
Bleach isa entity.
Bleaches are poisonous and oxidising agents.
Bleaches are very harsh but effective.
Bleaches enhance their whitening power with a white fluorescent material.
Any bleach is rough on chiffon.
Many bleaches are reactive.
Many bleaches can kill bacteria easily.
Bleached areas are pale to white and dispersed irregularly.
Bleached corn leaves, roots normal.
Bleached flour contains chemicals that really change the whole goodness of flour.
Bleached hair is optional.
Bleached paper contains toxic chemicals that can contaminate water.
Bleached pulp is known for being strong and durable.
Bleached skull lies half-hidden by a veil of grass and leaves.
Bleached tissue is still alive.
Bleacher seating is available at all of the rings.
Bleacher seating is available at all the rings.
Bleacher seating is available for both arenas.
Bleacher seating is available on a first come first serve basis at the top of our lawn.
Bleacher seating is available.
Bleacher seating is free.
Bleacher seating is limited.
Bleacher seating is used and shoes with flat heels are recommended.
Some bleacher seating is available, but most people stand.
A bleacher is a worker
Bleachers are available for non-swimmers outside the pool area.
Bleachers are available.
Bleachers are full at sporting events, and attendance is high at band performances.
Bleachers are great.
Bleachers are located in football stadiums.
Bleachers are located in pharmacies.
Bleachers are located in sporting events.
Bleachers are located in stadiums.
Bleachers are packed.
Bleachers are seats.
Bleachers are stands.
Bleachers are strictly bench seating with no covering and thus much warmer on sunny days.
Bleachers are subject to wear, weathering, corrosion, abuse and metal fatigue.
Bleachers are workers.
Bleachers are world famous but can be rowdy.
Bleachers Click on the image to see more detail.
Bleachers occupy a permanent section in the lab just to handle the crowds.
Bleachers occupy a permanent section in the room just to handle the crowds.
Bleachers offer comfortable seating for parents, students, and visitors.
Bleak despair becomes bright hope.
Bleak memory call thee form the silent dead.
Bleat isa sound.
A bleb is a cyst
Blebs also appear on the cell surface.
Blebs are visible as spheres next to most inner hair cells near the bottom of the image.
Blebs are visible to the right of each hair bundle.
Bleed disorder is caused by factors.
Most bleed disorder is caused by factors.
Bleed problems require specific treatments.
Most bleed problems require specific treatments.
A bleeder is a sufferer
Bleeder valves and vapor escape hoses are non-existent.
Bleeders are provided under each outlet and water from same is piped overboard.
Most bleeding episodes are subependymal or intraventricular and involve a small amount of blood.
Most bleeding incidents are preventable and treatable.
Bleedthrough memories are fragments or a few seconds recalled from an abduction.
A blemish is an appearance
Blemish also means an instance of skin on skinned fillets.
Blemishes Apply twice daily and see results within a few days.
Blemishes are also very widespread.
Blemishes are minimal but they're definitely still present in the transfer.
Blemishes are unacceptable.
Blemishes bring out beauty and scars indicate character.
Blemishes can include disfiguring spots, bumps, pits and cracks on the surface of a pearl.
Blemishes can include spots, bumps, pits, holes, cracks, chips, wrinkles and dull spots.
Blemishes come in two forms.
Blemishes fall into two categories, damaging blemishes and non-damaging blemishes.
Blemishs are appearances.
Blemishes often crop up on the back and shoulders because of a concentration of sebaceous glands.
Blemishes often result from a clogging buildup of sebaceous materials and oils in the gland.
All blemishes are cosmetic only.
Any blemishes are on public view.
Blend families include children.
Some blend families consist of sons.
Some blend families have best chances.
Some blend families have chances.
Blend modes alter the way a layer interacts with the layers below.
A blend is mixture
Blend also tend to taste harsher.
Blend dressing ingredients together until smooth, then add to salad, and serve.
Blend dressing ingredients together, then toss with lobster meat and chill.
Blend is fantastic and interpretation is powerfully sincere.
Blend is sometimes a problem, however, if only from the singular character of the voices involved.
Blend is still quite good, tuning still together overall.
Blend is the system default.
Blend isa happening.
Blend isa occurrence.
Blend mixtures together once temperatures match.
Blend mixtures together.
Blend phonemes in clusters for reading.
Blend phonemes in consonant clusters for reading.
Blend sounds in order to recognize and read words.
Blend sounds into a spoken word.
Blend sounds orally to make words or syllables.
Blend sounds to make spoken words such as moving manipulatives to blend phonemes in a spoken word.
Blend sounds to make word parts and words with one to three syllables.
Blend sounds to make word parts and words.
Blend sounds to make words or parts of words.
Blend sounds to make words or syllables.
Blend sprouts with lettuce to boost nutritional value of simple salads.
Blend sprouts with lettuce to boost the nutrition value of simple salads.
Blend sugars and shortening together in mixer.
Blend sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer at medium speed.
Blend sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer set at med.
Blend sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer set at medium speed.
Blend varies widely, according to the manufacturer.
Blend wines from the same year.
Blends are actually a common type of speech error.
Blends are also available.
Blends are combinations of varietals, in varying proportions.
Blends are combinations.
Blends are mix.
Blends are mixtures of two or more straight coffees, usually combined for an enhanced flavor.
Blends are readily available in woven and sweater knit form.
Blends are seed mixtures of two or more pure varieties.
Blends can have more complex flavors than single coffee varieties.
Blends carry their own unique pattern and consciousness.
Blends combine varietal tastes to create greater complexity and completeness.
Blends come in an infinite variety.
Blends consist of 'mixtures' of different chains forming separate phases.
Blends contain particles of more than one color.
Blends containing wood and paper products tend to have higher rates of water absorption.
Blends cost a bit more, but add a lot to realism.
Blends enhance the appearance, hand, drape and performance properties of the fabric.
Blends evoke an atmosphere of exploration and of relaxation of somato-emotional tensions.
Blends exercise techniques with the philosophy of yoga.
Blends give homeowners the ingredients for a lush, beautiful lawn - all in one package.
Blends recruit from entrenched structures and local context.
Blends reduce fat in bakery products.
Blends siding features a matte color combination that resembles natural woodgrain.
Blends always try to create synergy between individual flavors.
Blends sometimes are more dangerous than either individual fiber.
All blends are combinations of single species oils.
All blends are handcrafted in the Dominican Republic.
All blends come complete with instructions and precautions.
All blends have a recipe included.
Every blend is tested for adherence to customer specifications.
Most blends aim to increase complexity.
Some blends contain cereal grain.
Some blends contain ethanols.
Some blends contain grain.
Blended cakes rely on chemical leavens.
Blended clays take advantage of components mined across the U.S. and the world.
Blended ethanol has lower emissions, burns cleaner, and unlike finite fuel, is renewable.
Blended families are couple families with both natural and step children.
Blended families can pose a challenge to the divying up of property.
Blended families create problems often worse than the problems of the original marriage and family.
Many blended families find it helpful to set aside a regular time when everyone gets together.
Most blended families face the task of merging with little or no preparation.
Blended fertilizers are less expensive than manufactured fertilizers.
Blended foods are very expensive compared with whole grain cereals.
Blended funding is a new way to provide services to children with special needs.
Blended gases are more toxic to house plants than natural gases.
Blended gases are more toxic to plants than natural gases.
Blended payments are separate from the concept of a blended rate mortgage.
Blended products have variable screen sizes.
Blended programs are also a response to the teacher shortage problem.
Blended programs combine undergraduate coursework and credential requirements.
Blended rates refer to weighted average billing rates.
Blended scotch is a whole other story, and one far more palatable to the masses.
Blended Scotches are normally a bit easier on the palate, but that suits most drinkers just fine.
Blended sprays provide the combined benefits of the individual sprays.
Blended whisky is whisky
Blended whisky tastes quite unlike malt whisky and is usually taken over ice.
Blended worship means different things to different people.
A blender is a mixer
Blender isa mixer.
Blenders are kitchen tools.
Blenders are located in apartments.
Blenders are located in kitchens.
Blenders are magazines.
Blenders are mixers.
Blenders are mountains.
Blenders are software.
Blenders come in very handy for college students.
Blenders create margaritas.
Blenders do an efficient job of chopping ingredients in a liquid.
Blenders have (part) sections.
Blenders have long, soft hairs and are ideal for blending one area of color seamlessly into another.
Blenders mix the dough very quickly.
Blenders use blades.
Blenders use dull blades.
Many blenders claim they can crush ice without adding a liquid - a tough task.
Most blenders have a ringlike plastic piece directly at the top of the base.
Most blenders have only a small impeller at the bottom so they wont work for making mayonnaise.
Most blenders use blades.
Most blenders use dull blades.
A blenny is a bony fish
Blennies are a group of shallow-water marine fish often confused with gobies.
Blennies are bottom-dwellers, swimming just far enough to arrive at the next perch on the reef.
Blennies are generally small fish .
Blennies are generally small fish.
Blennies are mostly small, usually marine fishes found from tropical to cold seas.
Blennies eat mainly zooplankton, including isopods and amphipods.
Blennies happily make a home for themselves in discarded coke cans.
Blennies swim in the pockets of the caves, and flying fish use the sea-castles for hatcheries.
Blennies swim with an undulating snake-like motion.
Many blennies live in littoral zones.
Most blennies lack a swim bladder and therefore stay near the bottom of the tank.
Most blennies take up refuge in small holes in the ocean floor or in empty shells and bottles.
Most blepharoplasty surgery is performed in the office or as an outpatient under local anesthesia.
A blepharospasm is cramp
Blepharospasm is when the muscle around the eye spontaneously twitches.
Blepharospasm is when the muscles around the eye spasms, causing severe squinting.
Some bless thistles contain oil.
Some bless thistles contain volatile oil.
Blessed children become more connected.
Blessed children become the third generation and our grand children become the fourth generation.
Blessed children inherit a natural link to the divine, since they are conceived under Heavenly care.
Blessed couples have a great responsibility.
Every blessed couple has to register and inherit the victory of True Parents.
Blessed references can additionally provide their own hash functions and equality tests.
Blessed water is already widely used in all liturgical rites.
Blessed Wings Create a lifetime of memories with the beauty of a butterfly or dove release.
Every blessed year becomes a fascinating story, even as every breath is a little gift of life.
Blessedness begins with humiliation.
Blessedness is happiness
All blessedness is life-bound.
A blessing is support
Blessing Ask the craft people to talk about their creations.
Blessing begins with the murder of a Jewish community in a Polish village.
Blessing bestows a happy destiny.
Blessing brings praise.
Blessing comes a part from works .
Blessing comes to the generous giver.
Blessing embraces both people and the rest of creation.
Blessing follows obedience.
Blessing has a power like that.
Blessing imparts the quickening spiritual power that produces growth and increase.
Blessing is a conscious choice.
Blessing is a prolific writer who is no stranger to Milwaukee theater audiences.
Blessing is a ritual of a deep relationship.
Blessing is like beauty to the human body.
Blessing is like that.
Blessing is our best recourse.
Blessing is our mission.
Blessing is prolific and versatile.
Blessing is promise.
Blessing is the bestowal of approval and encouragement.
Blessing is the disposition to be made of what a thing is or effects.
Blessing is the outcome of love.
Blessing is the scalpel of spiritual healing.
Blessing is to flow to the world through the nation Israel.
Blessing is viewed as a religious act which some school boards say is illegal.
Blessing made before bread is eaten.
Blessing means to be connected to the roots.
Blessing owns most of the homes on the site.
Blessing Pray the theme prayer.
Blessings are actually prayers.
Blessings are gifts.
Blessings are good fortune.
Blessings are like that night full of crickets and stars.
Blessings are more effective than curses.
Blessings are on all in the journey of faith.
Blessings are physical manifestations of love.
Blessings are prayer.
Blessings are support.
Blessings are things that change our life or improve our life to the better.
Blessings be to all.
Blessings be upon all who enter here.
Blessings be upon thee and safe journey.
Blessings can be real in the lives of people.
Blessings come forth.
Blessings come from actually living gospel principles in our everyday lives.
Blessings come from holding true to our principles.
Blessings come from making others happy.
Blessings come in a myriad of colors.
Blessings come our way each day.
Blessings come to the nation through family worship.
Blessings crown the head of the righteous, but violence overwhelms the mouth of the wicked.
Blessings has four novels cut and pasted into one.
Blessings involve meaningful touch.
Blessings kisses without encl.
Blessings speak even to unbelievers.
Blessings strengthen life and feed life just as water does.
Blessing always includes the power to bless others.
Blessings always follow obedience.
Blessings sometimes come from blunders.
All blessings come from within.
All blessings flow from obedience.
Any blessing given which fails to come true, then, is blamed on a lack of faithfulness.
Every Blessing has large numbers of international, interracial, and inter-religious couples.
Every blessing is apprehended and every obstacle is overcome by faith.
Many blessings can come from appropriate money management in marriage.
Some blessings are intangible and often come disguised.
Some blessings come with challenges.
Some blessings tide within, they say.
Bletted fruit has flesh with the consistency and taste of apple butter.
Bleu cheese is actually white cheese with a blue vein interior.
A bleu is cheese
Bleu is one of the besst in the genre.
Bleu is really a sculptor of sound.
Bleu is the fastest character in the game.
Bleu pulls it off in style.
Bleu serves lunch and dinner.
Bleus are cheese.
Blews are albums.
Blight affected plants produce poor yields of inferior quality fruit.
Blight appears first as purple blotches on the leave.
Blight attracts crime.
Blight causes ash gray spots on the bud scales and stems.
Blight causes brownish patches to develop on the skin and within the flesh of infected tubers.
Blight causes severe reductions in forage and seed yields.
Blight is active from about the blossoming period until rapid shoot growth ceases.
Blight is caused by high humidity.
Blight is desolation
Blight is devastation.
Blight is like cancer.
Blight is one of the game's greatest teachers.
Blight is plant diseases.
Blight is the latest.
Blight quickly spreads down into the trunk.
Blight usually appears when warm, wet weather follows a dry period.
Blight usually means a fungus disease.
Blight usually occurs at blooming time.
Blighter isa individual.
Blighter isa person.
Blighter isa somebody.
Blighter isa someone.
Blighters have (part) arms.
Blighters have (part) body substances.
Blighters have (part) cell membranes.
Blighters have (part) cells.
Blighters have (part) corpi.
Blighters have (part) cytoplasm.
Blighters have (part) heads.
Blighters have (part) human bodies.
Blighters have (part) legs.
Blighters have (part) material bodies.
Blighters have (part) necks.
Blighters have (part) nuclei.
Blighters have (part) personality.
Blighters have (part) plasma membranes.
Blighters have (part) sections.
Blighters have (part) vacuoles.
A blimp is a dirigible
Blimps also make good examples.
Blimps are air ships.
Blimps are airships.
Blimps are highly visible and can be seen for miles.
Blimps are large balloons stretched out to look like an egg or cigar.
Blimps are located in skies.
Blimps are reactionaries.
Blimps are slow, hard to turn.
Blimps are very manual labor dependent.
Blimps can stay aloft for long periods of time at little cost.
Blimps decides whether a sequence is DNA or protein based on composition.
Blimps have no structure of any kind within the envelope, only helium and air.
Blimps frequently drift out of bounds, however.
Most blimps use a rudder, an elevator, and a throttle channel.
Some blimps have engines that can rotate in different directions to help steer.
Blind acceptance breeds a deadly type of conformity.
Blind acceptance has interesting theoretical implications.
Blind acceptance is encouraged.
Blind ads offer only a few details, they are short, and bring in the largest response.
Blind adults are also welcome, but the primary focus of the list is the needs of the parents.
Blind adults discuss their experiences and their recommendations for helping blind children.
Most blind adults can contribute a dish to a family pot luck dinner.
A blind alley is a thoroughfare
Blind alleys are common.
Blind ambition can be a racer' s worst enemy and it can often override common sense.
Blind ambition is a strong incentive.
Blind ambition steals our reason.
Blind ambitions stumble.
Blind analogies can only make their proponents into laughingstocks.
Blind anglers are also welcome.
Blind animals can even learn to take walks in unfamiliar areas.
Most blind animals function very well.
Blind athletes play by the same rules but use assistants during competition.
Blind athletes use guides.
Blind bass show extreme changes in coloration because the pigments only react to direct light.
Blind belief can easily lead to one's own downfall.
Blind belief rules the millenial universe, dark and rangy as space itself.
Blind cats can lead happy lives if the household is adapted to their needs.
Blind cats compensate for their disability by using their whiskers to detect obstacles.
Blind cats relay on scent, memory and spatial orientation to navigate.
Blind cats rely on scent and memory to find their way around.
Blind cats rely on touch, scent, sound and memory to find their way around.
Many blind cats learn how dribble scrunched paper balls or jingly toys.
Many blind cats learn how to dribble paper balls or jingly toys across a room.
Most blind cats accept and adjust to their disability.
Blind chicken can also find a grain .
Blind children are excited about showing their pictures to sighted friends.
Blind children fare even worse.
Blind children find the pool a very secure environment, they can explore without fear of injury.
Blind children have the right to learn to become independent people.
Blind children have to face developmental challenges.
Blind children is trained by Early stimulation Helping the blind child learn to move about.
Blind children learn to read.
Blind children live in an audio world.
Blind children read Braille.
Many blind children have no idea what a hen or a sheep or a cow looks like.
Some blind children have more interest in color than others, just as some sighted children do.
Blind conservatism is of no value in producing a better world.
Blind copying is used to suppress the long list of other peoples' names and email addresses.
A blind corner is a corner
Blind corners created by wooded areas, corn fields or other tall crops are also hazardous.
Blind Culture Learn about the writers Brief bios of columnists here at New Vision.
Blind cuts are bad cuts.
A blind date is a date
Blind Date can be brutal, that's why it's entertaining.
Blind Date Goes Bad.
Blind dates are dates.
Blind dates are like chocolate - they are usually chunky and they quickly disappear.
Blind dates cause boredom.
Blind dates come to mind as more familiar territory.
Blind dogs lead happy lives as long as they are comfortable.
Blind dogs lead happy lives if they are comfortable.
Many blind dogs are afraid of stairs.
Blind dolphins communicate on wavelength that are yet to be discovered and interpreted.
Blind draw is based on a first-come first served basis where teams are unaware of their opponents.
Blind draws give great chance to meet new people and have a great night of darts.
Blind drives are a given in Scotland.
Many blind employees are more ambitious and efficient than some of their sighted peers.
Blind eyes are of no use to save the nation.
Blind eyes see, deaf ears hear, the lame leap like deer, and silent tongues sing with joy.
Blind eyes spend all their time in the darkness.
Blind fabric varies from netting, to burlap, to canvas, and so on.
Blind faith can be no substitute for reasoning trust.
Blind faith can jepordize one's health.
Blind faith can justify anything.
Blind faith has no way of safeguarding itself against evil.
Blind faith is a blind alley.
Blind faith is a contradiction.
Blind faith is a foolish basis for satisfaction that one's agents are acting on one's behalf.
Blind faith is a misrepresentation of reality.
Blind faith is an inferior form of faith.
Blind faith is faith without evidence.
Blind faith is just as much a handicap as physical blindness.
Blind faith is like a magical solution.
Blind faith is no faith at all.
Blind faith is right for the mystic.
Blind faith is the belief in something without evidence or contrary to the evidence.
Blind faith leads to blind fury when the basic tenets of a belief are dashed.
Blind ferrets adapt well to a familiar area and live otherwise normal lives.
Blind fillets frame central panel and rectangles.
Blind fingers loose an iron cloud To rain immortal darkness On strong eyes.
Blind fish inhabit the underground stream.
Blind flange is installed on the line stop fitting.
Blind flyer returns for the bill.
Blind galaxy has wraparound maps.
Blind guides can only produce blind followers.
Blind guides is what they are.
Blind guts serve functions.
Blind guts serve similar functions.
Most blind guts serve functions.
Most blind guts serve similar functions.
Blind guys are also deadly in hand to hand combat.
Blind guys are easy to trust.
Some blind hedgehogs reside in gardens.
Every blind hog finds an acorn now and then.
Blind holes restrict the flow of coolant.
Blind horizons are a pretty big gamble and the stakes are as high as they get.
Every blind horse wants to enjoy life.
Blind ignorance is also rife within psychiatry.
Blind impulse is the source of war, but it is also the source of science, and art, and love.
Blind individuals learn their home and workspace layouts and perform many duties by rote or habit.
Many blind individuals use scanners to read printed materials.
Some blind individuals use guide dogs.
Blind infants smile and frown.
Blind justice is an ideal that can never be achieved.
Blind justice lies trampled and bleeding.
Blind kids learn to use computers that speak.
Blind kids learn to walk too.
Blind kittens will have spots.
Blind length is adjusted simply by raising and lowering the bottom rail.
Blind links allow.
Blind links are very unproductive and result in very poor conversion rates.
Blind Links Click an image to go somewhere else.
Blind love mistakes a harelip for a dimple.
Blind loyalty leads one to see no evil.
Blind luck happens.
Blind luck is for losers.
Blind luck picks the order in which people pick the post positions.
Blind man driving a car fails to maintain a proper lookout, thereby causing plaintiff injury.
Blind men enjoy advantage.
Most blind men enjoy advantage.
Blind members experience the thrill of the shot with the guidance of a partner.
Blind moviegoers get a special headset to listen to a description of the visual elements of a film.
Blind nationalism seems to be the only explanation for the position of Japan's public figures.
Blind obedience can be a gross and wicked evil.
Blind obedience is dangerous.
Blind obedience is instilled as a positive virtue.
Blind obedience is stressed, and a very anti-intellectual approach is taken.
Blind obedience is un-American to begin with.
Blind observers analyze breathe patterns.
Blind observers analyze patterns.
Most blind observers analyze breathe patterns.
Most blind observers analyze patterns.
Blind optimism can appear in many forms.
Blind passion is only the weed Of fair, beautiful love.
Blind pensioners are exempt from the maintenance income test.
Blind people acquire a sixth sense.
Blind people are able to detect objects only by touch, sound and smell.
Blind people are always sad, deep inside.
Blind people are capable of being active and athletic.
Blind people are individuals.
Blind people are lawyers, teachers, counselors, parents, students.
Blind people are more sensitive in hearing and touch.
Blind people are no exception.
Blind people are really good at croquet.
Blind people are unable to use windows technology because icons are hard to read.
Blind people are very aware of their disability and can usually joke about it.
Blind people begging on the subway trains are a common sight.
Blind people begin to see.
Blind people can be a part of our society.
Blind people can be very independent when given half the chance.
Blind people can do packing jobs.
Blind people can get sight and finally see loved ones.
Blind people can learn and read and become incredible forces for change.
Blind people can obtain information they can read.
Blind people can use computers equipped with special software called screen readers.
Blind people can work with construction toys if they have accessible instructions.
Blind people come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
Blind people depend on organization and knowing where things are.
Blind people do dream.
Blind people do well enough without seeing.
Blind people drift later each day.
Blind people enjoy the same range of leisure activities as their sighted counterparts.
Blind people find many web sites unusable, because the coding falls below an acceptable standard.
Blind people get up everyday, make money, spend money, raise their kids and deal with their parents.
Blind people have a better sense of touch and hearing than sighted people.
Blind people have exceptional hearing.
Blind people have great difficulty in making swell paper materials without sighted assistance.
Blind people have more trouble sleeping than sighted people.
Blind people identify coins by touch.
Blind people know what a football looks like, feels like, throws like, is shaped like.
Blind people move through society and live happy lives.
Blind people own at least fifty canes.
Blind people read through their sense of touch.
Blind people receive training to travel independently.
Blind people ride bikes.
Blind people say it too.
Blind people see again.
Blind people succeed at using convergence to show objects receding and changing direction.
Blind people understand a lot about the directions of objects in the world.
Blind people use text synthesizers to convert visual text on the screen into spoken words.
Blind people use the same phrases.
Blind people use the web.
Blind people yawn more after hearing an audio tape of people yawning.
All blind people have good hearing.
All blind people have good memories.
All blind people love music.
Many blind people are proud of the accomplishments of their brothers and sisters.
Many blind people can have problems knowing how many error messages there are on a page.
Many blind people fold bills of different values in different ways.
Many blind people have excellent voice recognition.
Many blind people have the same concerns.
Many blind people listen to books on tape just as seeing people do.
Many blind people prefer to have a hard copy of materials just as sighted users do.
Most blind people are elderly and most have an additional disability or illness.
Most blind people are quite capable and lead full lives.
Most blind people can sign their own names.
Most blind people have a little sight of some sort or can sense light.
Most blind people move about without leaving a trail of destruction.
Most blind people prefer interpoint printed Braille because the finished product is less bulky.
Most blind people prefer low-tech devices.
Most blind people use a long white cane for independent travel.
Some blind people are frail.
Some blind people are young, but most are elderly because sight loss is most common in later life.
Some blind people can compensate in certain ways.
Some blind people like to put tape on their machines as guides.
Some blind people prefer to wear primarily one color of socks, all black, all white, all blue.
Some blind people sew tags on in different places to indicate colour.
Some blind people use guide dogs when they are traveling.
A blind person is a person
Blind person looks uncomfortable, asks carer the time, but carer has gone off, so no reply.
Any blind person engaging in business within the city is exempt.
Every blind person has the right to access written communication.
Blind priest mistakes gerbil statue as that of a cat.
Blind problem solving makes little sense.
Blind proofreaders listen to readings or recordings of the original script.
Blind rage causes targeted units to attack one another - a great setup for an attack.
Blind rationalizations are akin to daydreams.
Blind references are still a big problem.
Blind references occur when material linked to an authority record is withdrawn from the collection.
Blind revisions are unfair.
Blind riders lead their horses out of the barn and into the arena or riding ring.
Blind royalty is detested.
Blind search involves searching all possible solutions.
Some blind shots are existent off the elevated tees.
Blind signatures are one answer.
Blind signatures permit, in other words, the electronic equivalent of cash.
Blind skiers have a guide who calls instructions to the skier.
A blind snake is a snake
Blind snakes have a tiny mouth and mainly eat termites.
A blind spot is a point
Blind spot is the by-product in the operations of the plane rearview mirror systems.
Blind spots appear by the late teenage years to early adulthood.
Blind spots are a big problem here.
Blind spots are all around the vehicle.
Blind spots are areas on either side of a vehicle's rear fenders.
Blind spots are blinds.
Blind spots are even larger on that side.
Blind spots are frequently transparent but are consistently effective self-blinders.
Blind spots are points.
Blind spots are topics.
Blind spots exist along both sides of trucks.
Blind spots get increasingly worse.
Blind spots occur first in side vision.
Blind spots take a little getting used to.
Some blind spots can be terribly destructive.
Blind strategy is no strategy at all.
Blind struggle leads finally to enlightenment and freedom.
Blind students can arrange help in taking examinations.
Blind students learn skills best in the real world.
Blind students negotiate best in familiar surroundings.
Blind students prefer the PC platform.
Most blind student use a combination of methods including readers, audio taped books and lectures.
Some blind students use dog guides .
Some blind students use service dogs.
Blind submission forms the rule of conduct among all. . . .
Blind submission is requested.
Blind surfaces are perfect targets for cooking grease, dust and germs.
Blind swordsman move faster than the eye can see.
Blind tasting is the only way to remove preconceptions about a wine.
Blind tastings are often surprising when the bagged bottles are stripped.
Blind tastings inevitabley leave a bad taste in someone's mouth.
Blind terminations are only available for extruded features.
Blind terror has no logic and no reason.
Blind testing is used at two levels.
Blind traffic is fine too.
Blind training begins quite simply.
Blind training is an important aspect of martial arts practice, yet difficult to master.
Blind travelers are also frequent users of public transportation trains, buses, and subways.
Blind travelers face an additional obstacle, the well-meaning English pedestrian.
Some blind trials investigate effects.
Blind trips are available every morning and evening.
Blind tunnels are used in mines to protect workers from explosions.
Blind unit supplies maximum security and cost-effectiveness.
Blind users are a small, specialized group.
Blind users are generally unable to use a mouse.
Blind users are harder to support.
Blind users are welcome to report about their experiences on the seeingwithsound user group.
Blind users can opt for refreshable displays that convert text on the screen into tactile Braille.
Blind users can then press the tab key to jump from one link to the next.
Blind users find it difficult or impossible to navigate forms that have unlabeled elements.
Blind users have to carry out exercises and to answer to a questionnaire.
Blind users say they want basic instruction on how to navigate the Web and get what they want.
Many blind users have difficulty deciphering the content on a web page due to pop-up ads.
Many blind users use software called screen readers to access computers.
Most blind users prefer the keyboard commands because they increase their productivity.
Blind Vendors Call For Change .
Blind voting is a way for groups to vote on issues without the votes influencing others.
A blind is a people
Blinds also block sunlight, which is often a source of glare on computer monitors.
Blinds are available for the handicapped.
Blinds are available with cord and chain or wand control safety tracks.
Blinds are easy to install, and are available in a wide range of sizes, materials and colors.
Blinds are more effective in the summer, because they can block direct sunlight.
Blinds are people.
Blinds are preferable to curtains or drapes.
Blinds are protective covering.
Blinds are safe and easier to clean.
Blinds are screens.
Blinds are to be closed.
Blinds are to be hung properly and screens placed in windows.
Blinds can also help make a dorm room less gloomy.
Blinds can be accurately and easily adjusted to any height.
Blinds can come down to reduce glare but still allow the light to penetrate in.
Blinds can gather dust.
Blinds Click a picture above to see a full size view of vertical blinds.
Blinds come in both horizontal and vertical styles.
Blinds filter damaging sunlight and provide privacy while allowing in a view of the world outside.
Blinds give employees an opportunity to control sunlight to their best advantage.
Blinds have a corn feeder and food plot.
Blinds listed are horizontal unless otherwise noted.
Blinds look great alone or when combined with other window treatments, like valances or cornices.
Blinds provide another method of solar control.
Blinds pull and lock in place in front of a doorwall that leads out to the patio.
Blinds reflect some heat if they are light in color, however.
Blinds Reveals new content of the object with a motion that appears to open or close blinds.
Blinds shade the walls in hot weather.
All blinds are public property and are available for use on a first come-first served basis.
All blinds are very easy to access.
All blinds come with complete installation instructions for their product.
Many blinds allow geese a good look inside, and hunters who are seen don t shoot many geese.
Some blinds come with total light-blocking material.
Blinded reviewers read serial angiograms.
Blindeds are bands.
A blinder is a screen
Blinder bristles at the welfare comparison.
Blinders can be custom made with materials from the local home center.
Blinders gone, the trails hoofed down, they shake their pulled-at manes like dustmops.
Blinders prevent the horse from becoming visually distracted.
Blindfold games can help young people develop their sense of hearing, smell, and touch.
Blindfold training is only one aspect of our initiative.
A blindfold is a covering
Blindfold isa artifact.
Blindfolds are good.
Blindfolds are very useful to the experienced dominant.
Blindfolds have (part) sections.
Blindfolds make it impossible to see .
Blindfolds make it impossible to see.
Blindfolds represent the unknown element of business.
Blindfolded child guesses letter name by the feel of the feather strokes.
Blindfolded children stand one foot from the map and toss bean bags on it.
Blindfolded partners judge the winning dish of the day.
Blindings are books.
Blindness can also present unique challenges.
Blindness can also result if infections develop.
Blindness can be an isolated disability or part of a condition involving multiple disabilities.
Blindness can be hard, but so can many other things in life.
Blindness can be partial, with loss of only part of the vision.
Blindness can eventuate.
Blindness can happen to anyone at anytime.
Blindness can happen to anyone.
Blindness can occur due to retinal detachment from high blood pressure .
Blindness can occur rapidly, without any pain , since there are no nerves in the retina of the eyes.
Blindness can occur, but is extremely rare.
Blindness can occur.
Blindness can result from atrophe of the optic nerve.
Blindness can result from looking at the eclipse without protection.
Blindness can result from prolonged retraction pressure on the globe and nerve.
Blindness can result if infections do develop.
Blindness can result if the condition is left untreated.
Blindness can result, especially without treatment.
Blindness can result.
Blindness comes in a variety of degrees.
Blindness develops because high blood pressure in the eye causes the retina to detach.
Blindness gives way to vision.
Blindness has many causes, yet the incidence of true blindness in the United States remains low.
Blindness includes putting everything in Braille.
Blindness is a condition in which it is often easy to find alternative techniques.
Blindness is a little harder to pick.
Blindness is a major novel. . . .
Blindness is a seriously irreversible change.
Blindness is a substantial and permanent lack of sight.
Blindness is a terrible thing.
Blindness is a theoretical but very unlikely and rare risk.
Blindness is almost always preventable with aggressive treatment. .
Blindness is also a disability and yet it is ignored.
Blindness is also a risk, as it is with any type of eye surgery.
Blindness is also possible in horses.
Blindness is books.
Blindness is considered the most dreaded of all disabilities.
Blindness is directly proportional to discipleship.
Blindness is disability
Blindness is disability.
Blindness is human tragedy on an enormous scale.
Blindness is more prevalent than the other disabilities.
Blindness is nearly preventable.
Blindness is no excuse to stop living one's life.
Blindness is no respecter of persons.
Blindness is often a result of the disease, as is pneumonia.
Blindness is one of the worst things that can happen to a person.
Blindness is only one area that results in travel impairments, there are many others.
Blindness is permanent but many times doesn t have to be if caught in time.
Blindness is quite common.
Blindness is simply one of their many traits.
Blindness is still very common under the burning sun and among the blinding sands of the East.
Blindness is such a hardship.
Blindness is the most obvious complication of a retinal detachment.
Blindness is the number one complication of diabetes.
Blindness is the problem .
Blindness is the problem.
Blindness is the punishment of looking to long at the sun.
Blindness is the result.
Blindness is the total loss of light perception.
Blindness is the ultimate result.
Blindness is viewed in almost the opposite light.
Blindness is visual impairment.
Blindness isa disability.
Blindness isa impairment.
Blindness knows no borders.
Blindness knows no discrimination.
Blindness leaves no aspect of a person's life untouched.
Blindness limits the ability to begin or continue work and live independently.
Blindness means is to render insensitive to light or colour.
Blindness occurs essentially overnight.
Blindness results because of damage to the retina.
Blindness results from scaring in the eye.
Blindness robs people of their ability to be productive, happy and independent.
Blindness separates an individual from things, but deafness separates and individual fro people.
Blindness separates people from things, but deafness separates people from people .
Blindness skills specialist fund created.
Blindness often occurs in the later stages of the disease.
Blindness often results when the larvae reach the eyes.
Blindness usually goes away after a few weeks, once the thiamine treatment has been finished.
Some blindness is caused by nematodes.
Blindsight patients can discriminate, but they claim to see nothing.
Blinfold soccer is easy.
Blink dogs have yellow-brown fur and are larger and stockier than other kinds of wild dogs.
Blink rates vary with different activities and can become slower when concentrating.
A blink is a reflex
Blink is here.
Blinks are a shutting down of one's attention span long enough to miss pieces of the whole picture.
Blinks are reflexs.
Blinks arise from relatively simple neural circuits that control an uncomplicated mechanical system.
Blinks keyboard LEDs for an answering machine or fax machine.
Blinks occur most frequently at the end of an utterance.
A blinker is light
Blinker can also draw some nice spheres on the screen or switch the monitor to power-save mode.
Blinker is a very stable product and simply does what it is advertised to do.
Blinker is on.
Blinkers are cup-shaped devices that are designed to limit a horse's vision.
Blinkers are cup-shaped devices that limit a horse's vision.
Blinkers are light.
Blinkers are part of electrical systems.
Blinkers are really important.
Blinkers are very effective at communicating the intention to make a turn.
Blinkers are visual signals.
Blinkered dogmatism continues until new evidence is overwhelming and a new theory deposes the old.
Blinky lights are the essence of technology.
A blintz is a cake
Blintz fold through all layers.
Blintzes are the Jewish eastern European version of the French treat.
Blintzes are unique in other ways as well.
Blintzs are food.
Blintzs are pancakes.
A blintze is a cake
Blintzes are cheaper to mail than fruitcakes.
Blintzes are easier to mail than fruitcakes.
Blintzes are first-rate, as is the chopped chicken liver.
Blintzes make a good midnight nosh , and huevos rancheros are a hangover cure.
A blip is a blow
Blip is off. .
Blips are dumb.
Blips are shocks.
Blips suddenly appear on the screens at radar sites across northern Russia.
Bliss students are easily identifiable.
Bliss isa condition.
Blissful irrelevance plays into their hands.
Blister agents affect the respiratory tract and the skin.
Blister agents are toxic substances.
All blister agents are heavier than air.
Most blister agents cause little or no pain at the time of exposure.
A blister beetle is a beetle
Blister beetle can be fatal if consumed by horses and can cause illness in cattle.
Blister beetles are a serious concern for hay producers and livestock owners.
Blister beetles are an occasional, isolated problem.
Blister beetles are beetles.
Blister beetles are common insects found feeding on the flowers and foliage of various plants.
Blister beetles are gregarious and are often found in high numbers in localized areas of the field.
Blister beetles are gregarious and often congregate in large swarms within alfalfa fields.
Blister beetles are insects.
Blister beetles are narrow, elongate insects.
Blister beetles are occasional late-summer problems in Iowa alfalfa fields.
Blister beetles are slender, rather soft insects with a narrow thorax.
Blister beetles are soft bodied with leathery, rather soft fore wings.
Blister beetles are very poisonous to horses fed hay containing their dead bodies.
Blister beetles can also be harmful, especially to livestock.
Blister beetles come in many colors including black, gray, yellow, and metallic blue.
Blister beetles derive their name from the blistering agent cantharadin, found in their body fluids.
Blister beetles eat foliage.
Blister beetles eat leaves.
Blister beetles feed on alfalfa, potatoes, beans, and lupins.
Blister beetles get their name from the chemical, cantharidin, in their elytra.
Blister beetles have a complex life cycle that is characterized by several immature forms.
Blister beetles have a wide host range.
Blister beetles have an unusual life cycle.
Blister beetles have long, slender bodies with a relatively large head.
Blister beetles have ranges.
Blister beetles have seven instars and overwinter as mature larvae in the soil.
Blister beetles have wide host ranges.
Blister beetles have wide ranges.
Blister beetles produce cantharidin, a defense chemical toxic to livestock, particularly horses.
Blister beetles produce cantharidin, which is toxic to people and animals.
Blister beetles produce the highly toxic chemical cantharidin.
Blister beetles tend to congregate in large numbers in small areas.
All blister beetles contain the blistering agent cantharidin in their blood.
Most blister beetles have ranges.
Most blister beetles have wide host ranges.
Most blister beetles have wide ranges.
A blister pack is a packaging
Blister pack ensure safe handling.
Blister pack ensures freshness, safety and convenience.
Blister rust is a rust fungus
Blister rust is an invasive disease.
Blister rust is present but infection rates are unknown in Canada and the southern United States.
Blister rust is rust.
Some blister rust causes death.
A blister is a fault
Blister appear in the infected bark and release spores.
Blister feels that they are unlike most bands.
Blister is clear, creases.
Blister is clear, light crease.
Blister is crisp and clear, card has creases.
Blister is mint, card has light creases.
Blister is mint, minor price tag damage in upper right corner.
Blister is poured into anode molds.
Blister is present.
Blister is resealable.
Blister is usually a sign of moisture entrapment in the interply felt later.
Blister is usually a sign of moisture entrapment in the interply felt layer.
Blister is yellowing, and there is stain on backside.
Blister isa vesicle.
Blister plays for the enjoyment of their fans.
Blisters also appear on the foot, causing lameness.
Blisters also develop on the palms and soles and between the fingers and toes.
Blisters also form in the soft tissue around their hooves.
Blisters appear on the foot, causing lameness.
Blisters Apply vitamin E oil or zinc ointment or aloe vera gel twice daily.
Blisters are a bummer.
Blisters are a good clinical sign as long as they are filled with clear fluid.
Blisters are a main concern for dancers.
Blisters are accumulation of fluid lying within or below the epidermis.
Blisters are also common due to friction between the palm of the hand and the handle of the tool.
Blisters are another sign of athlete's foot.
Blisters are bad, real bad.
Blisters are characterization.
Blisters are collections of fluid below or within the epidermal layer of skin.
Blisters are common.
Blisters are defects.
Blisters are diseases.
Blisters are filled with black, powdery masses.
Blisters are generally mild and more superficial, although frequently numerous.
Blisters are injuries.
Blisters are located in fingers.
Blisters are much easier to handle at home.
Blisters are never in vogue.
Blisters are never sexy.
Blisters are often present.
Blisters are present.
Blisters are probably the most frequent medical problem a novice encounters is blisters.
Blisters are rare.
Blisters are seen on the snout, between the hooves, on the heel and just above the hoof.
Blisters are small but well visible.
Blisters are the most common problem for beginning b-packers.
Blisters are the result of too much friction.
Blisters are the walker s number one concern.
Blisters are usually circular in shape.
Blisters are usually due to rubbing from new or ill- fitting shoes.
Blisters are usually due to rubbing from new or ill-fitting shoes.
Blisters are usually the result of poor fitting shoes.
Blisters are vesicles.
Blisters Ask any walker - blisters are one of our biggest complaints.
Blisters begin to break out in one to two days in a variety of places.
Blisters benefit from soaking, as well.
Blisters bother all ages.
Blisters can also appear around the mouth.
Blisters can also develop on a female animal's teats, causing mastitis in dairy cattle.
Blisters can become infected.
Blisters can come back.
Blisters can form if shoes always rub the same spot.
Blisters can form on the seal face as air trapped in the carbon expands because of the face heat.
Blisters can heal quite slowly and make each step truly painful.
Blisters can involve the skin surface of the eyelids.
Blisters can occur due to too much exposure.
Blisters can occur from heat, frostbite, chemical injury, or friction.
Blisters can occur in any weather.
Blisters can occur.
Blisters can pop out on any part of the foot, and the skin appears red and raw.
Blisters can range in size from peas to large rings.
Blisters can ruin a hike.
Blisters come in the preferred multiple for the specific country.
Blisters continue to form over time without an obvious cause, such as friction or poison ivy.
Blisters develop a few days after infection.
Blisters develop and the skin takes on an intensely reddened, splotchy appearance.
Blisters develop on the rash, which are pimply bumps filled with a fluid.
Blisters develop, and skin is very red.
Blisters develop, and the skin takes on an intensely reddened appearance and becomes splotchy.
Blisters form after the laser, and the skin returns to normal in about a day or two.
Blisters form around the coronary band at the top of the hoof and in the mouth, eventually bursting.
Blisters form around the mouth, and the feet become extremely painful.
Blisters form by cytolysis within the epidermis or basement membrane zone of the skin.
Blisters form in the leaf tissue under the spots.
Blisters form on the feet, mouth, nose and teats, which then burst, leaving painful ulcers.
Blisters form on the feet, mouth, nose, and teats which then burst, leaving painful ulcers.
Blisters form on the hands, regardless of the gloves.
Blisters form several days later.
Blisters form, end if scratched can become infected.
Blisters form, pop, and a crust forms over the blisters.
Blisters have (part) corpi.
Blisters initiate the new walker, the new racquetball player, the new cyclist.
Blisters is a simple dice game for two or more players.
Blisters Never puncture blisters occurring due to overtaxing of feet or unsuitable footwear.
Blisters normally burst and crust over within three to five days.
Blisters occur most commonly on the feet from rubbing between skin and footwear.
Blisters occur on the nose, tongue, lips, between the toes, above the hooves and on the teats.
Blisters occur spontaneously and abruptly, usually without known antecedent trauma.
Blisters occurring primarily on the feet are due to excessive sweating.
Blisters result from undesirable friction.
Blisters rupture, leaving erosions.
Blisters simply occur as a direct result of poor fitting skates.
Blisters soon appear and later burst to become crusted sores.
Blisters soon appear on the penis in males and on the area around the vagina in females.
Blisters then develop.
Blisters then form and couple in a chain-like reaction.
Blisters then form and then couple in a chain-like reaction.
Blisters typically appear in thicker, pressure-bearing areas such as the palms and soles.
Blisters vary in size are pendulous and filled with clear yellow fluid.
Blisters vary in size, are delicate and can be easily rubbed off.
Blisters often burst spontaneously after which the wounds start to heal.
Blisters often lead to cracking of the skin.
Blisters often occur first on the elbows and knees with spread to buttocks, back, and scalp.
Blisters usually appear in the mouth first.
Blisters usually disappear in a day or two.
Blisters usually form, along with a thick black scar.
Blisters usually rupture and are followed by oozing of serum and subsequent crusting.
Many blisters coalesce, discoloring large continuous patches on the leaves.
Most blisters cause no pain unless they rupture, exposing tender skin underneath.
Most blisters disappear without ulcerating or cracking.
Some blisters fill with clear fluid.
Some blisters fill with fluid.
Some blisters occur for reasons other than osmosis.
Blistered leaves remain on the tree.
Blistered skin is fertile ground for future skin cancers.
Blitz chess is a timed event where the players have five minutes to complete a game.
A blitz is an attack
Blitz allows a player to move and make a block.
Blitz dreis for more information.
Blitz matches all day long.
Blitz result variations depend on the number and effectiveness of blitzers.
Blitz shows audiences of all ages how easy it is to turn simple shapes into finished cartoons.
Blitzes help, but they can be negated with three-step drops and slant patterns.
Blitzs are attacks.
Blitzs are events.
Blitzings are human activities.
A blitzkrieg is an attack
Blitzkrieg is a highly ambitious endeavor.
Blitzkrieg is one of a kind.
Blizzak tires are very helpful, but expensive.
Blizzard Beach is closed one month out of the year for annual maintenance.
Blizzard Beach is for the daring.
Blizzard Beach is quite a bit bigger than Typhoon Lagoon.
A blizzard is a storm
Blizzard isa storm.
Blizzards also can cause a variety of other problems.
Blizzards also cause sea levels to rise, which can lead to flooding.
Blizzards also develop rapidly any time of year, but especially in late fall, winter, and spring.
Blizzards are a rare occurrence in Atlantic Canada.
Blizzards are a time for rest, and who can argue with the wind.
Blizzards are a totally white snake with red eyes and very little to no visible pattern.
Blizzards are common in north-eastern United States and upper Midwest.
Blizzards are common with occasional sunny days and frigid nights between storms.
Blizzards are heavy snows, very cold temperatures and high winds.
Blizzards are heavy snows, very cold temperatures, and high winds.
Blizzards are particularly dangerous.
Blizzards are storms.
Blizzards are white storms that kill.
Blizzards bring snow.
Blizzards can be fun.
Blizzards can cause serious damage.
Blizzards can create a variety of dangerous conditions.
Blizzards can create life-threatening conditions.
Blizzards can include falling or blowing snow.
Blizzards can occur there even in summer.
Blizzards can occur virtually anytime.
Blizzards can produce a variety of dangerous situations.
Blizzards can reduce visibility significantly and produce life threatening wind chills.
Blizzards can turn bare pavement into hood-high drifts in a matter of minutes.
Blizzards cause accidents that can kill the driver, passengers, or pedestrians.
Blizzards cause damage.
Blizzards cause power outages, block roadways, and strand people in buildings and cars.
Blizzards cause terrible damage.
Blizzards have (part) storm centers.
Blizzards have (part) storm centres.
Blizzards have extent.
Blizzards have no equal in California.
Blizzards hinder aid, multiply the death toll.
Blizzards occur in locations.
Blizzards occur when it snows.
Blizzards paralyze much of Midwest.
Blizzards pose the greatest threat of any Canadian weather phenomenon.
Blizzards start when a high pressure system touches as low pressure system .
Blizzards start when a high pressure system touches as low pressure system.
Blizzards often cause normal activities to stop.
Most blizzards bring snow.
Most blizzards cause damage.
Most blizzards cause terrible damage.
Most blizzards have extent.
Most blizzards occur in locations.
Some blizzards occur in regions.
Bloat potential is similar to red clover .
Bloat can be a problem in pure or predominantly white clover stands.
Bloat can be a problem on wheat pasture.
Bloat causes bloat.
Bloat does have some problems, however.
Bloat is a swelling
Bloat is also a risk at night when the days have been very hot.
Bloat is commonest in hand fed or older animals.
Bloat is extremely painful.
Bloat is more common among older dogs.
Bloat is of little concern, especially in grassy alfalfa, during a drought.
Bloat is often a problem for animals on pastures that contain a large proportion of white clover.
Bloat is rare.
Bloat is responsible for substantial losses to the meat and dairy industries.
Bloat is right.
Bloat is swelling.
Bloat is when dry food is in the stomach and lots of water is ingested.
Bloat occurs in deep-chested breeds such as basset hounds.
Bloat occurs through the formation of foam in the cows' rumen.
Bloat occurs when gases fill the stomach like an inflating balloon.
Bloat occurs when rumen gas production exceeds the rate of gas elimination.
Bloat occurs when too much gas is produced in the rumen.
Bloat often is a problem for animals on pastured alfalfa.
Bloated balloons have a habit of stimulating debate.
Bloated bodies float passively in the slow moving river's current.
Bloated bureaucrats are against bloated bureaucracies.
Bloated cadaver falls to the ground.
Bloated code is ugly.
Bloated mothers have laborious miscarriages, and occasionally die themselves.
Bloated software is a bad thing.
Bloated software is a fact of life.
A bloater is a herring
Bloaters are larger than kippers but treated in a similar manner.
Any blob page contains data for only one blob.
A blob is a form
Blob isa shape.
Blobs are both compressed and encrypted.
Blobs are excellent for creating lumpy organic shapes.
Blobs are films.
Blobs are useful for modelling of smooth, organic shapes.
Blobs become squares with area proportional to variance, to convey relative weight.
BLOBs can be anything from a text string to an illustrated tech manual to a full-length movie.
Blobs can fragment into pieces of at least two people.
Blobs have much more complicated suface tiling logic than the simpler primitives do.
BLOBs is supported.
Blobs prefer to live here, but can live anywhere.
Some blobs have power.
Block booking remains in place at most large hospitals.
Block bookings are welcome and are charged at the same rate as student tickets.
Block capital is a letter
Block capitals are often critical when addressing envelopes.
Block chain has no rollers, and was reputed to be stronger than roller chain.
Most block ciphers have some internal constants that can be varied.
Block comments describe what a section of code within a function does.
Most block copolymers are phase separated, that is, the two kinds of blocks are immiscible.
Block cyphers can encrypt numerous bits of data at one time.
Many block designs correspond to decompositions of complete graphs.
A block diagram is a diagram
Block diagram shows operating status and power flow of system.
Block diagrams are a good way to give an overview of the system.
Block diagrams are also useful in showing the relationship of the components.
Block diagrams are diagrams.
Block diagrams are well suited for the modelling of control systems .
Block diagrams show a portion of the earth's surface and crust from an oblique viewing angle.
Block elements are elements that belong only to one block.
Block elements define a block of text or information.
Block elements define text blocks , which are generally preceded and followed by a line break.
Block elements start and end on a separate line from adjacent content.
A block grant is a grant
Block grants are also available for community developments projects.
Block grants are chunks of money for states to spend as they think best.
Block grants are funds distributed to states to spend on certain items as they see fit.
Block grants are grants.
Block grants are one of the lower-overhead ways of administering federal monies.
Block grants are the largest component of that aid.
Block grants can be an improvement when they free cities and counties from onerous mandates.
Block grants eliminate federal mandates that direct the use of federal funds by the states.
Block grants favor non-participation and require no repayment.
Block grants introduce new financial risks and inequities.
Block grants mean less money for the classroom.
Block grants offer state and local governments more control over programs.
Block grants offer states greater control but fewer federal dollars to do anything.
Block grants provide flexible funding and cut administrative costs.
Block grants represent a fixed level of spending for specific projects.
Block groups are a subunit of census block numbering areas.
Block groups are even smaller subdivisions within tracts and BNAs.
Block groups are smaller divisions within a census tract.
Block groups are the smallest area with sample data.
Block Island evokes memories of a simpler life in New England .
Block Island is a great place to get away for the weekend.
Block Island is a small island located thirteen miles from the coast.
Block Island is accessible only by ferry.
Block Island is another hop beyond South County, by ferry from Galilee or by air from Westerly.
Block Island is especially colorful as the seasons change.
Block Island is shown off the coast.
Block Island Take the ferry from Point Judith and enjoy a wonderful day on Block Island.
Block numbers are still barely visible on the corners of some of the town's buildings.
Block numbers have nothing to do with geography.
All block panchayats have computer links now.
Block parties accomplish two goals.
Block parties are in a sense desperate cries for bonding - but they can be terribly effective.
Block parties are subject to all pertinent ordinances.
Block parties give neighbours a chance to meet one another in a relaxed setting.
Block parties provide perfect opportunities for neighbors to become acquainted before an emergency.
Block prints accompany clear and precise text about one year in the life of a screech owl.
Block prints are one color pressed upon the main fabric, end to end.
Block programming can be either live or pre-recorded.
Block quotes are, of course, acceptable in endnotes.
Block quotes require that the page number be placed in parentheses after the ending punctuation.
Block quotes use double-spaced lines and include no quotation marks.
Block schedules are increasingly popular in high schools and middle schools around the country.
Block schedules come in many different sizes and shapes.
Block schedules offer many advantages.
Block scheduling allows small group instruction in reading and math.
Block scheduling allows students to complete a full-year course in half a year.
Block scheduling allows teachers to go in-depth in their lessons.
Block scheduling allows teachers to plan together daily and to group and regroup students as needed.
Block scheduling can enable students to spend more time engaging and learning.
Block scheduling can enhance school climate.
Block scheduling enables students to complete a full-year course in one semester.
Block scheduling entails teacher teams, clusters of students, and time to plan and learn.
Block scheduling gives students an opportunity to earn eight credits per year rather than six.
Block scheduling has both advantages and disadvantages, according to studies.
Block scheduling is characterized by flexibility and is consistent with middle school philosophy.
Block scheduling is employed to assist in maintaining more class time.
Block scheduling is far from perfect.
Block scheduling is simply a tool to manage personnel and facilities.
Block scheduling lends itself to team empowerment and creativity in the flow of a school day.
Block scheduling limits the students' choices.
Block scheduling provides many benefits.
Block scheduling provides real possibilities for positive and meaningful change.
Block sets make great conversation pieces and are best enjoyed where they can be easily played with.
Block style requires that the data be organized in records, or blocks.
Block time is available on all aircraft.
Block time is non-refundable.
Block times are available, depending on the intentions of the student.
Block times provide internet access without any monthly recurring fee.
Block trades happen at all price levels.
Block trades show that institutions are buying.
Block trading has stand-alone trading procedures.
Block units are busy planning and collecting plants for gorgeous neighborhood entranceways.
A block vote is a vote
Block votes are powerful.
A block is an artifact
Block blows with pillows, arms, clipboard, etc.
Block claims to be the second largest publisher of personal finance software in the world.
Block drafts to minimize chilling and huddling.
Block isa artifact.
Block passageways through the floor and caulk and seal openings in walls and cabinets.
Block takes on serious topics like homophobia, racism, and drug use in nearly every story.
Block works chiefly in environmental law, toxic torts, and product liability.
Blocks acetylcholine in muscarinic receptors.
Blocks adult, violent and other Internet use.
Blocks allow declarations and have a new level of nomenclature.
Blocks allow more opportunities for creative blocking.
Blocks also are available for international, long distance, and local toll calls.
Blocks also delimit variable scope within the main program.
Blocks also help maintain layer, colour and linetype consistency.
Blocks also keep a uniform look amongst the drawings on a project.
Blocks also lend themselves well to dramatic play.
Blocks also tell the computer what sounds lights and displays to use.
Blocks also tell the computer what sounds, lights and displays to use.
Blocks are a bonus.
Blocks are a classic toy still enjoyed today.
Blocks are a convenient supplement because they usually require little labour input.
Blocks are a great help to ease that pressure.
Blocks are a subdivision of a quadrant.
Blocks are always centred at prediction locations.
Blocks are an absolute staple in the toy box, beginning when babies can first grasp a toy.
Blocks are an excellent way to add repetitive objects placed in a current drawing session.
Blocks are areas.
Blocks are artifacts.
Blocks are as usual, but the labels are different colors.
Blocks are available in varying degrees of hardness to help regulate consumption.
Blocks are available now.
Blocks are collections.
Blocks are commonly angular and roughly eqidimensional.
Blocks are cubes.
Blocks are different to bans.
Blocks are either mountain mahogany or lilac.
Blocks are ejected as solid fragments with angular shapes.
Blocks are extremely efficient at keeping the database small.
Blocks are great for convenience and saving storage space within a drawing.
Blocks are housing.
Blocks are important for the purposes of variable scoping.
Blocks are in the foreground await their turn for assembly.
Blocks are injections of medication onto or near nerves.
Blocks are made of bricks.
Blocks are meant to be preventive.
Blocks are more jagged, and are older.
Blocks are now much less likely to have compile-time errors.
Blocks are of a fixed size determined by the operating system.
Blocks are OK if there's been little pro blem in the past.
Blocks are one of the most important early learning tools there are.
Blocks are one of the most important tools in a young child's development.
Blocks are one of the most overlooked measures of a defender's performance.
Blocks are quite easy to monitor for radioactivity releases, temperature changes, and for removal.
Blocks are real examples of shapes, numbers, dimensions, and volume.
Blocks are rectangular areas of input.
Blocks are regions on the table.
Blocks are roughly rectangular in shape and comprise both quarry sawn and split surfaces.
Blocks are self-correcting and provide instant, positive feedback when matched correctly.
Blocks are sets of fields that serve a common purpose.
Blocks are simply a unit of measurement, where all the macro nutrient density is the same.
Blocks are small areas usually bounded on all sides by streets.
Blocks are solid objects.
Blocks are solids.
Blocks are subdivisions within a tract.
Blocks are the smallest unit.
Blocks are too small, make large file transfers inefficient.
Blocks are useful, too.
Blocks are watercolor papers that are similar in form to a pad.
Blocks begin on natural time boundaries.
Blocks begin on Wednesdays.
Blocks can also help determine whether the condition is treatable.
Blocks can also help youngsters learn about depth, width, height, and length.
Blocks can be any desired dimension.
Blocks can be any pattern, pieced or appliqued.
Blocks can be associative doors and windows understand walls, for instance.
Blocks can be bored for straight or angle filled holes.
Blocks can be hand or machine made in an original or traditional design.
Blocks can be next to each other, in different areas of the field, or even in different fields.
Blocks can be square or rectangular.
Blocks can become castles, space ships or forts.
Blocks can contain non graphical information.
Blocks can execute at any rate allowing the modeling of complex multirate systems.
Blocks can help enhance the story.
Blocks can occur at any time in a conversation.
Blocks can reside inside groups and vice versa.
Blocks can work, but usually they are tried after other medications have been tried.
Blocks close approximately two weeks prior to show date.
Blocks contain more than one-word answers.
Blocks contain paragraphs followed by subblocks.
Blocks contains extensive on-line help.
Blocks continue to be broken down until only room groupings are left unfilled.
Blocks cookies , selectively.
Blocks cookies, selectively.
Blocks create different physical levels.
Blocks describe the action an entity can take.
Blocks do have an effect of the room.
Blocks do, however, have an end keyword at the bottom.
Blocks don t just screen the sun, they block the rays.
Blocks drop one line per move, and anyone can make a move at any time.
Blocks Encourage the children to build pigpens for toy pigs.
Blocks exist at both the entry and postentry levels.
Blocks extend and enrich the play value of other toys like cars and dolls and animals.
Blocks fall down from the top of the screen in groups of two.
Blocks feature animals and birds from the zoo, barn, sea, mountains and Australia.
Blocks Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Blocks have (part) sections.
Blocks have a variety of designs, and can be permanent or removable.
Blocks have eight corners, so, eight of the smaller blocks are painted on three sides.
Blocks have internal passageways.
Blocks have mass.
Blocks have passageways.
Blocks have zero or more statements in a list.
Blocks having small non-Abelian defect group are also of interest.
Blocks heat well and keeps hot water hot.
Blocks help children develop their spatial skills.
Blocks help children explore and discover.
Blocks help support elevated tracks.
Blocks hold atoms with valence electrons in same subshell configuration.
Blocks hold firmly together and also swivel.
Blocks involve geometry.
Blocks is a more complex architecture for managing metadata.
Blocks is a very addictive, fun, and colorful game, that the whole family can enjoy.
Blocks is an architecture for managing metadata.
Blocks is an online building toy for kids of all ages.
Blocks is completely public domain.
Blocks is our version of Tetris for Palm.
Blocks lead to horizontal, unreadable code.
Blocks learn how to report suspicious activity and how to safe guard their homes.
Blocks lists any overdue books or fines owed.
Blocks made of pebbles are conglomerate, formed from stream gravels.
Blocks makes it easy to select specific geographic areas of interest.
Blocks move onto the board across their starting line and over the border of the playing field.
Blocks move together and block stems can be reordered within the block.
Blocks multiply aligned segments corresponding to the most highly conserved regions of proteins.
Blocks neurotransmitter, acts on hypothalamus.
Blocks only inches high designate the unknown.
Blocks posterior third of tongue and tongue side of epiglottis.
Blocks progress from basic concepts to advanced topics.
Blocks projectiles most of the time.
Blocks promote problem solving, spatial reasoning and motor skills.
Blocks quarried are of promiscuous size and length.
Blocks quickly dissolves in fresh water.
Blocks range in colour from light brown to nearly black.
Blocks receiving bids are color coded by number of bids.
Blocks report nesting material carried to cavity.
Blocks respond to events and messages.
Blocks rotate between the members of the consortium.
Blocks run on three AA batteries which are included.
Blocks show usage.
Blocks slide as far as possible, and only one block can be pushed at a time.
Blocks slide one square at a time, and only one block can be pushed at a time.
Blocks stray basketball shots and returns the basketball to the shooter.
Blocks surround the play area each with different colors.
Blocks surrounded by a line indicate lectures to be delivered via videconferencing.
Blocks turn freely.
Blocks vary in shapes.
Blocks always return the value of the last statement executed.
Blocks often provide diagnostic information, helping to determine the source of the pain.
Blocks often result in new proposals which are more clear.
Blocks usually originate from the volcano's cone and are solid chunks of older lava flows.
All blocks are available alone, with bag, or with wagon.
All blocks are available as individual modules that can be exchanged by the user.
All blocks are available in a variety of woods.
All blocks are ball bearing.
All blocks are bored with new pistons, pins, and rings.
All blocks are either symmetric with respect to their center pattern, or are pyramids, or both.
All blocks are functional and have working sheaves on pins for ease of use.
All blocks are optional.
All blocks are to be treated with Bacillus thuringiensis, a non- chemical insecticide.
All blocks are tufnol.
All blocks are wood shelled and the only winches needed are for sheeting of the larger headsails.
All blocks contain the same number of cells, regardless of whether cells are big or small.
All blocks contain the same standard header.
All blocks generate pure integer code, when used with fixed-point signals and parameters.
All Blocks have cable access openings to feed through the center of the blocks for termination.
All blocks have double rows of metal bars in front as well as a gangway.
All blocks have kitchens equipped with microwaves.
All blocks have some combination of bails, beckets and shackles which seem endless to make.
All blocks have the same length.
All blocks have titles and lots of new buttons have been added.
All blocks offer multiple cross-curricular opportunities.
All blocks turn out amazingly accurate.
Any block trades outside of the spread.
Every block has a main curriculum focus.
Every block has at least one family with hubcap windchimes.
Every block has four corner lots.
Every block has one, a kid with a huge squirt gun and no sense of when it's appropriate to use it.
Every block has one.
Every block has the maximal stability and power needed to stop a strike.
Every block has to be accounted for exactly once.
Every block is assigned a unique number.
Every block is built on the others.
Every block is like an island of materia surrounded by empty space.
Every block is outlined.
Every block is randomized separately from every other block.
Every block is signed and includes birth dates.
Every block really counts, particularly now during the recovery phase.
Every block starts with sequence names.
Many blocks are traditional and have been around for hundreds of years.
Many blocks have names, which are used to describe the quilt designs.
Many blocks use quarter triangles joined together to form right triangles in their construction.
Most blocks are complete.
Most blocks are made of bricks.
Most blocks have a group of neighbors who are coordinating something all the time.
Most blocks have a title.
Most blocks have dialog menus which can be used to set or modify block parameters.
Most blocks have internal passageways.
Most blocks have mass.
Most blocks have one-word answers or no answers.
Most blocks have passageways.
Most blocks take up valuable counter space.
Most blocks vary in shapes.
Some blocks also cover a contribution to local renewable projects or salmon habitat restoration.
Some blocks are far more important than others.
Some blocks are lucky and have a natural-born storyteller as a neighbor.
Some blocks are special and can be treated as any color.
Some blocks contain state names only.
Some blocks cover surfaces.
Some blocks extend over legs.
Some blocks float on surfaces.
Some blocks have exposure.
Some blocks have familiar names and several variations.
Some blocks have holes.
Some blocks have just one adjoining neighbour.
Some blocks have large numbers of whitefly eggs on the fall flush growth.
Some blocks have potential.
Some blocks have rooms.
Some blocks have shackles that swivel or are adjustable to either side or front shackle locations.
Some blocks have shapes.
Some blocks have unique shapes.
Some blocks here exhibit honeycomb weathering.
Some blocks look like weathered, coarsely-grained wood.
Some blocks provide backgrounds.
Some blocks show as black in the photo but all are gold.
Some blocks slide across floors.
Some blocks slide across tables.
Some blocks slide across wooden tables.
A blockade is an action
Blockades are a weekly occurrence.
Blockades are military actions.
Blockades are obstructions.
Blockades arise during our life, by unprocessed emotions from negative or painful experiences.
Blockades create starvation and democracy.
Blockage monitoring is an available option.
Blockage causes backups.
Blockage causes difficulty.
Blockage causes infection.
Blockage causes medical problems.
Blockage causes problems.
Blockage causes symptoms.
Blockage is caused by cancer.
Blockage isa condition.
Blockage leads to impairment.
Blockbuster movies are part of the reason why people make art films .
Blockbuster movies are part of the reason why people make art films.
Blockbuster movies are very popular .
Blockbuster movies are very popular.
Blockbuster movies have a large amount of television advertising , billboards and internet sites .
Blockbuster movies have a large amount of television advertising, billboards and internet sites.
Blockbuster movies have famous actors and large budgets .
Blockbuster movies have famous actors and large budgets.
A blockbuster is a bomb
Blockbusters are cash cows.
Blockbusters are hits.
Blockbusters are made for commercial reasons and art films are made for personal reasons .
Blockbusters are made for commercial reasons and art films are made for personal reasons.
Blockbusters are television shows.
Blockbusters are the movies that seem most poised to rake in the big money.
Blockbusters have many uses, such as relaxation, crawling, hopping and tossing.
Blockbusters is out of bounds while sanctions are in force.
Blockbusters often use simple stories and characters that have been used before in other movies .
Blockbusters often use simple stories and characters that have been used before in other movies.
Some blockbusters do sell out in advance.
Some Blockbusters have collections of their work actually, it's pretty amazing.
Blocked gears are legal at all races except Nationals.
Blocker is football players.
Blocker is medicine
Blocker is medicine.
Blocker maintains an international career as a concert pianist.
Blocker operates a confined animal feeding operation with a state issued wastewater control permit.
Blocker starts in the middle of the net.
Blocker teaches contemporary art, critical theory and performance.
Blocker wants women to recognize the opportunities in high tech.
Blockers also have a special new move.
Blockers block, and the runners twist and turn.
Blockers know their primary blocking responsibilities.
Blockers move in a similar manner except that they move either left or right.
Blockers never move towards to net to block.
Blockers serve as a gatekeeper for the competition as well.
Blockers stand on chairs or boxes to eliminate timing errors.
Blockers start at the net with the ball.
Blockers surround ball with hands and catch the ball and the tosser's side of the net.
Blockers toss balls for hitters, from either over or under the net.
A blockhead is a person
Blockheads find comfort in consistency.
A blockhouse is defence
Blockhouses are like bunkers , but are built above ground .
Blockhouses are like bunkers, but are built above ground.
Blocking are obstructions.
Blocks Blocks are similar to boulders, but they are indestructible.
Blocks Blocks are the building units of each form.
Blocks Blocks are the holders for the teeth.
Blocks Blocks indicate what items are being held, overdue, lost or have fines.
Blocks Blocks provide a way to group a list of commands.
Blocky fruits are quite dry, but still quite tasty when eaten raw.
Blocky images are the result.
Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground .
Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground.
Blocky lava makes  piles of sharp chunks.
Blocky lava makes piles of sharp chunks .
Blocky structure has irregular shape.
Blocky structure is common in older clay soil in humid regions.
A blog is a diary
Blog isa diary.
Blog isa journal.
Blogs are a really cool way of telling stories.
Blogs are decidedly noncommercial.
Blogs are diaries.
Blogs are enigmatic.
Blogs are everywhere.
Blogs are immediate.
Blogs are many things to many people.
Blogs are neither commercial products nor do-gooding nonprofits.
Blogs are now hugely popular, for all sorts of subjects.
Blogs are often niche sites with a closely targeted audience.
Blogs are only one kind of new-era communication.
Blogs are radio's fantasy made real.
Blogs are silent and online journals lay in wait for the next big event to be recorded.
Blogs are the internets newest form of expression and community.
Blogs are updated.
Blogs are usually free to read, but nevertheless some have made fame and fortune for their writers.
Blogs are websites.
Blogs are, in short, hugely versatile.
Blogs are, in short, weblogs.
Blogs can have one or more writers.
Blogs can vary in length.
Blogs can verge on being commercial products, or the reverse.
Blogs contain glow recommendations.
Blogs contain recommendations.
Blogs cover same subjects.
Blogs cover stories.
Blogs cover subjects.
Blogs generally cover breaking news.
Blogs let people trade ideas for audience, an old-style gift economy.
Blogs seem to have devolved, in the majority, to a high-tech web ring of sorts.
Blogs serve as online diaries for their creators to vent and spew about the news of the day.
Most blogs contain recommendations.
Most blogs cover same subjects.
Some blogs are for play.
Some blogs are long and elaborate, even poetic.
Some blogs are written by certify experts.
Some blogs are written by certify fitness experts.
Some blogs are written by experts.
Some blogs are written by fitness experts.
Some blogs are written by keepers.
Some blogs contain details.
Some blogs have instruction.
Some blogs vigorously ban contrary opinions.
A blogger is a person
Bloggers add their own foraging notes to links discovered on other weblogs.
Bloggers are blogs.
Bloggers are people.
Bloggers are websites.
Bloggers bare their souls .
Bloggers build reputation by pointing out useful or interesting items.
Bloggers like to show folks what they have written.
Bloggers link to blogs they like, and blogging sites have member directories.
Bloggers frequently copy, parody and play with ideas from each other's sites.
Most bloggers are web designers, in their late twenties, and they tend to be critical and cynical.
Some bloggers really get into the spirit of the thing.
Blogs posts are like instant messages to the web.
Blogs posts are like instant messages to the Web.
A bloke is a male
Bloke isa individual.
Bloke isa person.
Bloke isa somebody.
Bloke isa someone.
Blokes are people.
Blokes browse here.
Blokes have (part) arms.
Blokes have (part) body substances.
Blokes have (part) cell membranes.
Blokes have (part) cells.
Blokes have (part) corpi.
Blokes have (part) cytoplasm.
Blokes have (part) heads.
Blokes have (part) legs.
Blokes have (part) necks.
Blokes have (part) nuclei.
Blokes have (part) personality.
Blokes have (part) plasma membranes.
Blokes have (part) sections.
Blokes have (part) vacuoles.
Blokes love steak.
Most blokes have their whole lives to sort out where they stand.
Some blokes are different.
Some blokes get a start by injury or poor form to other players and then their careers take off.
Some blokes have big heads.
Some blokes have heads.
Some blokes have lots.
Blond hair is ponytailed.
Blond hair is the result of having little pigmentation in the hair strand.
Blond hair works best.
Blond men are ok.
Blond is always fun, too.
Blond is color
Blond is people.
Blonds are like that.
Blonds are preferred.
Blonds have difficulty because of the lack of pigment in their hair.
Blonds have more hair than dark-haired people.
Blonds have the greatest density of hairs per square inch, redheads the least.
All blonds are fun.
Blonde ales are very popular and lend themselves to a fruit garnish.
Blonde bush abounds.
Blonde girl ignores blonde guy.
Blonde girl likes blonde hair.
Blonde guy ignores brunette girl.
Blonde guy likes blonde girl.
Blonde guys are dumb too.
Blonde hair darkens, And the summer tan slowly fades away.
Blonde hair is almost certainly a sexually selected trait in women.
Blonde hair is another plus, for both sexes.
Blonde hair is like a white sheet of paper - every bit of dirt makes it look dull and grimy.
Blonde hair is so wishy-washy.
Blonde hair is susceptible to chlorine and the sun.
Blonde hair turns brown, green eyes turn brown, pale skin becomes tanned.
Blonde men are stupid too.
Blonde slut gets naked by the fireplace.
Blonde women have a higher sperm count.
Many blonde women have black hair, by cracky.
Blonde woods support the look on headboards, dressers, desks and chairs.
Blonde has (part) arms.
Blonde has (part) body substances.
Blonde has (part) cell membranes.
Blonde has (part) cells.
Blonde has (part) corpi.
Blonde has (part) cytoplasm.
Blonde has (part) heads.
Blonde has (part) human bodies.
Blonde has (part) legs.
Blonde has (part) material bodies.
Blonde has (part) necks.
Blonde has (part) nuclei.
Blonde has (part) personality.
Blonde has (part) plasma membranes.
Blonde has (part) sections.
Blonde has (part) vacuoles.
Blonde is a person
Blonde is hair.
Blonde isa individual.
Blonde isa person.
Blonde isa somebody.
Blonde isa someone.
Blondes also demonstrate localized muscle control over skin movement, similar to Brahman cattle.
Blondes are almost always more flattering when they are neutral or have ash tones.
Blondes are miserable.
Blondes are okay.
Blondes are scared of the wind.
Blondes are stupid.
Blondes are too biased.
Blondes blend light brown with blonde to control the darkening themselves.
Blondes can do that math.
Blondes can look wonderful in gold or rust.
Blondes cost less per score.
Blondes do have more fun, and boy what they can do with a cock.
Blondes have more cum.
Blondes have more fun because they are easier to find in the dark.
Blondes have more fun, because of the saying 'Blondes have more fun'.
Blondes have more fun.
Blondes have more hair than dark haired people do.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people.
Blondes have the greatest number of scalp follicles, followed by brunettes.
Blondes take everything literally.
Blondes tend to have more hair follicles than brunettes, and brunettes more than redheads.
Blondes yield lean red meat with little fat that today's consumer demands.
All blondes are dumb.
Blood alcohol is measured by breath, blood, or urine tests.
Blood alcohol is measured in terms of weight of alcohol compared to volume of blood.
Blood analysis allows easy identification of carriers.
Blood analysis detects hormone the organ releases to protect itself.
Blood analysis indicates low pH, and the patient is rapidly breathing.
Blood analysis reveals significant hypoxemia and respiratory acidosis.
Blood analysis shows bacteremia involving gram-positive cocci in clusters.
A blood bank is a bank
Blood bank screening The implications of false negativity on blood bank screening are profound.
Blood banks agree to review blood donation rules barring people with epilepsy.
Blood banks are banks.
Blood banks continue only to screen donors.
Blood banks pay inadequate attention to the risks involved in transfusion.
Blood banks test all donors' blood each time they donate.
Blood banks use new, sterile, disposable equipment for each donor.
Blood banks use piggyback labels to assure record keeping accuracy.
Blood banks use pre-donation questionnaires to try to avoid accepting such units of blood.
Many blood banks allow people to donate their blood for only their use.
Many blood banks have facilities for apheresis , bone marrow donations, and related procedures.
Most blood banks have no upper age limit.
Some blood banks insist for donors for their own selfish reasons.
Blood banking includes typing the blood for compatibility and testing for infectious diseases.
Blood banking includes typing the blood for transfusion and testing for infectious diseases.
A blood blister is a bleb
Blood blisters are another form of bruising.
Blood Bubble is an instrumental, but stands up as a song in it's own right.
Blood cancer is caused by malignancy that attacks the blood , lymphatic system , or bone marrow .
Blood cancer is caused by malignancy that attacks the blood, lymphatic system, or bone marrow.
Blood cancers are uncommon diseases .
Blood capillaries are found beneath the dermis, and are linked to an arteriole and a venule.
Blood capillaries are found beneath the epidermis, and are linked to an arteriole and a venule.
Blood capillaries penetrate deeply into the interior.
Every blood capillary is surrounded on all sides by air.
Blood cell disorder causes pain.
A blood cell is a vegetative cell
Blood cell counters.
Blood cell deficiencies.
Blood cells are cells which fight disease in the body.
Blood cells are either white or red.
Blood cells are made in the bone marrow and in the spleen.
Blood cells are part of blood.
Blood cells are red.
Blood cells are somatic cells.
Blood cells are too large to go through the membrane and are returned to the body.
Blood cells are too large to pass across the semipermeable membrane used in dialysis.
Blood cells are too large to pass through the pores.
Blood cells are white.
Blood cells begin to break down into their component chemicals.
Blood cells burst releasing new meorozoites, each one entering a new blood cell.
Blood cells can clump together and clog vessels after a meal high in fat.
Blood cells circulate for months, while free hemoglobin is short-lived.
Blood cells contain hemoglobin, it holds oxygen and carry it throughout the body.
Blood cells develop in marrow within bone.
Blood cells formed in the bone marrow start out as a stem cell.
Blood cells go exactly where they are needed most in the body without ever stopping.
Blood cells grow in the bone marrow.
Blood cells have potassium in their center which as a positive bioelectric charge.
Blood cells have potassium in their center which has a positve bioelectric charge.
Blood cells help keep our bodies healthy.
Blood cells live for a few weeks, then die off and are recycled.
Blood cells look and work differently, but they repair and reproduce themselves in the same way.
Blood cells originate from the stem cells which are located in bone marrow.
Blood cells receive the oxygen and release carbon dioxide.
Blood cells remain in circulation for two to three months.
All blood cells appear to originate from a common progenitor cell or pluripotent.
All blood cells develop from a parent cell in the bone marrow.
All blood cells develop from pluripotential stem cells.
All blood cells develop in the bone marrow.
All blood cells have limited life spans and are produced throughout the life of an animal.
All blood cells originate and mature in the bone marrow.
All blood cells originate from what is called a stem cell.
More blood cells get the new, oxygen-rich air instead of the same old stale stuff.
Most blood cells are produced within the soft tissue in the bone.
Some blood cells are part of blood.
Some blood cells are part of bloodstreams.
Some blood cells engulf and destroy other virus infected cells.
Blood chemistries are useful to determine the possibility of recurrence in the bones or liver.
Blood chemistry is altered and can lead to coma, even death.
Blood chemistry is necessary to assess the severity of the base deficit and electrolyte imbalances.
Blood chemistry shows high liver enzymes-the start of fatty liver disease.
Blood chemistry stabilizes, allergies evaporate, and migraines cease.
Blood cholesterol is a fatty substance found in the blood.
Blood cholesterol is a waxy substance that occurs naturally in the body.
Blood cholesterol is a waxy substance, which occurs naturally in our body.
Blood cholesterol is a white, waxy substance which occurs naturally in our body.
Blood cholesterol is another important factor to watch.
Blood cholesterol is made mainly by the liver and is needed for our bodies to function properly.
Blood cholesterol is very serious and can lead to heart attacks, kidney failure, and strokes.
Most blood cholesterol is made by the liver.
Some blood cholesterol causes diseases.
Some blood cholesterol causes heart diseases.
Blood circulation becomes decreased so it has to be relieved immediately through surgery.
Blood circulation begins to improve.
Blood circulation ceases partially or completely.
Blood circulation delivers oxygen and removes carbon dioxide from all of the tissues of the body.
Blood circulation drops as heart begins to slow down.
Blood circulation gets better and better.
Blood circulation increases, but digestion slows down or even stops.
Blood circulation is enhanced as the capillaries open, for example.
Blood circulation is increased by the dilation of capillaries.
Blood circulation is increased.
Blood circulation is regulated in the lower abdomen.
Blood circulation is strong.
Blood circulation is very important to deliver nutrients especially oxygen to the organs.
A blood clot is blood
Blood clots affect the large vessels in the brain.
Blood clots are blood.
Blood clots are clots.
Blood clots are clumps of blood cells that can block the normal flow of blood.
Blood clots are common.
Blood clots are more likely to occur in smokers than in nonsmokers.
Blood clots are one of the causes of death to mothers who deliver babies normally.
Blood clots are present on the specimen.
Blood clots are the biggest causes of stroke.
Blood clots are the main sudden cause of heart attack.
Blood clots are the most common cause of artery blockage and brain infarction.
Blood clots are the most common of the serious side effects of oral contraceptives.
Blood clots are the most common side effects that are known.
Blood clots are very tricky.
Blood clots can be fatal if they reach the lungs or brain.
Blood clots can block the flow of oxygen-rich blood and lead to heart attack and stroke.
Blood clots can break away and threaten life.
Blood clots can cause immediate death and permanent disability.
Blood clots can cause ischemia and infarction in two ways.
Blood clots can cause life-threatening heart attacks and strokes.
Blood clots can cause severe and life-threatening problems.
Blood clots can cause some women to have miscarriages.
Blood clots can develop.
Blood clots can form at the plaque and cut off the flow of blood.
Blood clots can form in the legs after four or more hours sitting in a tight space.
Blood clots can form on an outer wound or internally.
Blood clots can form or lodge in a narrowed artery.
Blood clots can lead to heart attack and stroke.
Blood clots can lead to tissue death.
Blood clots can occur as well as pulmonary embolism.
Blood clots can produce pain and swelling in the legs.
Blood clots can rupture, causing dramatic blood loss, shock , and even death.
Blood clots can sometimes occur.
Blood clots can travel from the heart into the bloodstream and circulate through the body.
Blood clots can travel through the blood vessels to the brain and cause a stroke.
Blood clots can travel to the lungs where they can be serious, even fatal.
Blood clots cause strokes.
Blood clots consist of a mass of fibers and blood cells.
Blood clots do occur more frequently in patients who have cancer.
Blood clots form around the filament, stabilizing the aneurysm.
Blood clots form easily and when they block the circulation, the person can have a heart attack.
Blood clots form, so less blood can get through.
Blood clots form, usually painlessly, but some cause pain, swelling, even loss of the leg.
Blood clots formed during flights are the most common hazard of air travel.
Blood clots increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Blood clots interrupt the supply of oxygen to the brain and cells die.
Blood clots originate from sticky clumps of platelet cells in the blood.
Blood clots present more imminent danger than arteriosclerosis.
Blood clots prevent loss of blood.
Blood clots start in the legs and can travel to the lungs with fatal results.
Blood clots stop the wflow of blood and can cause serious medical problems, disability or death.
Most blood clots start as small clots originating in the legs that come loose.
Blood clotting can occur from an increase in hemoglobin, which has caused blood to thicken.
Blood clotting involves the fibrous protein called fibrin.
Blood clotting is a normal body process which protects the body from serious damage.
Blood clotting is a physiological process involving a cascade of biochemical events.
Blood clotting is a potential problem when blood flow is disturbed in any way.
Blood clotting is a process that requires the following three steps to be successful.
Blood clotting is actually a very complicated process.
Blood clotting is made possible by plasma proteins and cell fragments called platelets.
Blood clotting is prevented by either using approved anti-coagulants or mechanical defibrination.
Blood clotting is the body's way of protecting itself against blood loss when tissue is damaged.
Blood clotting requires vitamin K and proteins made by the liver.
Blood coagulation is coagulation
Blood coagulation is modulated by circulating inhibitors or by endothelial cell-bound inhibitors.
Blood collection can take place in hospitals, blood centers, or physician's offices.
Blood collection is sometimes very stressful while saliva collection is simple.
Blood components are expensive and, in some cases, unavailable due to shortages.
Blood components are under-utilized in veterinary medicine.
Blood components consist of pla maplus a number offormed elements.
Blood composition is regulated as it travels through various body organs.
Blood count tests measure blood.
A blood count is a count
Blood count increases.
Blood count is good.
Blood counts are counts.
Blood counts are obligatory.
Blood counts can be normal or show slight anemia and decreased white blood cells.
Blood counts remain normal.
All blood counts are at or near normal.
Blood culture is a blood test used to detect bacteria that cause infections in the bloodstream.
Blood culture is done to identify the responsible bacteria.
Blood culture is indicated in the setting of sepsis and endocarditis.
Blood culture is the best source for diagnosis.
Blood culture is the most important diagnostic method in a suspected case.
Blood culture results pending to rule-out sepsis.
Blood cultures are almost always negative, even with rare cases of endocarditis.
Blood cultures are nearly always positive with endocarditis.
Blood cultures are occasionally positive.
Blood cultures are often positive and there is also a high incidence of meningitis.
Blood cultures are often positive in the acute stage.
Blood cultures are positive in a few patients.
Blood cultures are positive in a minority of patients.
Blood cultures are positive in meningitis.
Blood cultures are positive in more than half of patients.
Blood cultures are positive late in the course of the illness.
Blood cultures are tests for infection in the blood, a serious condition.
Blood cultures are the most reliable means of obtaining a culture of the offending organism.
Blood cultures are to be taken before antibiotics are started.
Blood cultures are unreliable.
Blood cultures are usually negative but can be useful if positive.
Blood cultures are usually negative until the patient is moribund.
Blood cultures are usually negative.
Blood cultures are usually positive and the syndrome responds promptly to high-dose penicillin.
Blood cultures identify the causative organism.
Blood cultures require a prolonged period of incubation in the acute phase.
A blood disease is blood dyscrasia
Blood diseases are a potential risk.
Blood diseases are a real possibility when receiving a piercing or tattoo.
Blood disorder is blood dyscrasia
Some blood disorder interferes with ability.
Some blood disorders are a type of cancer.
Blood donation appears to help give men the iron lowering benefits enjoyed by women.
Blood donation is a simple procedure.
Blood donation is a very safe process.
Blood donation is also involves a significant loss of iron.
Blood donation is an essential part of biomedical services.
Blood donation is completely halal because it harms neither they donor nor the receipient.
Blood donation is easy and the entire process usually takes less than an hour.
Blood donation is important.
Blood donation is one way a little effort can make a big difference.
Blood donation is the process of giving blood willingly to help patients in hospitals.
Blood donation is therefore a very important personal event.
Blood donation remains one of the safest of all medical procedures.
Blood donations are a vital part of the health care delivery system in our community.
Blood donations are down sharply over the past three years.
Blood donations are kept liquid using citric acid .
Blood donations are kept liquid using citric acid.
Blood donations are on a walk-in basis.
Blood donations help save lives every day.
All blood donation is voluntary in Zimbabwe.
Every blood donation is tested for infectious disease.
A blood donor is a donor
Blood donors are donors.
Blood donors are the key.
Blood donors are volunteers.
Blood donors can give blood every eight weeks, or six times a year.
Blood donors can go to other campus locations, too.
Blood donors come from all walks of life.
Blood Donors do make a real difference.
Blood donors play a vital role in the treatment of sickle cell disease.
Blood donors play an important role in sickle cell disease care.
Blood donors save lives.
Most blood donors are volunteers.
Blood drive continues through tomorrow.
Blood drives are a convenient way for people to make a donation during work or school hours.
Blood drives are excellent opportunities for fellowship.
Blood drives are meetings.
Blood Drives are subject to last minute changes.
Blood Drives are wonderful opportunities for fellowship.
Blood drives can honor patients who have used large amounts of blood during their treatments.
Blood drives occur daily and many are open to the public.
Blood Drives register donors, serve refreshments, or label empty containers.
Blood Drives Sponsoring a blood drive with a local hospital is a good community project.
All blood drives operate on a walk-in only system.
Blood dyscrasia is a health problem
Blood dyscrasia is illnesses.
Blood dyscrasias are more likely in patients with serious concomitant illnesses.
Blood dyscrasias cause bleeding due to inability of the blood to clot.
Blood Elves are of medium height and very thin, ranging in color from brown to pink to white.
Blood fats are cholesterol, triyglycerides, fatty acids.
Blood feathers are new feathers that are still growing and developing.
Blood feathers have dark shafts indicating they still have a blood supply.
Blood flow can decrease from lack of exercise, dehydration, and thick blood.
Blood flow ceases and unless the heart rhythm is restarted, death follows swiftly.
Blood flow decreases to areas that are less important for basic survival, including the mouth.
Blood flow increases drastically.
Blood flow increases to the area to heal the wound, and blood vessels dilate and become red.
Blood flow increases to the brain and major muscles.
Blood flow is a prime method of distributing heat evenly throughout the body.
Blood flow is a very effective means of carrying heat away from tissue.
Blood flow is blocked or slowed down by the narrow arteries and the heart gets less oxygen.
Blood flow is constricted to the extremities.
Blood flow is critical to healthy kidney function.
Blood flow is critical, because it carries oxygen into the tissues and promotes natural healing.
Blood flow is crucial to bring all of the elements for cell growth to the brain.
Blood flow is decreased and the fingers turn white or even blue.
Blood flow is directed towards muscle and away from the gut and skin.
Blood flow is distributed differently to specific layers of the intestinal wall.
Blood flow is due to contraction of the heart muscle assisted by artery muscle contraction.
Blood flow is enhanced to the injured area thus promoting healing.
Blood flow is forward.
Blood flow is improved by vitamin E and it causes blood vessels to dilate or expand.
Blood flow is improved to the muscles themselves.
Blood flow is increased to the affected area to speed up the relief.
Blood flow is increased to vital organs, or organs that have higher oxygen extraction ratios.
Blood flow is known to be closely coupled to functional activation.
Blood flow is life itself.
Blood flow is maintained through small vessels.
Blood flow is measured by assessing pulse and penile blood pressure.
Blood flow is monitored to insure adequate reperfusion or restoration of blood flow.
Blood flow is more about arousal.
Blood flow is one of the reasons.
Blood flow is poor throughout the entire retina.
Blood flow is proportional to the fourth power of the radius of the blood vessel.
Blood flow is reduced after rotation.
Blood flow is reduced when constriction occurs.
Blood flow is restored through the artery.
Blood flow is restored to the brain.
Blood flow is restored to the donor kidney.
Blood flow is restored.
Blood flow is sluggish and abnormal compared to the brain of a non-user.
Blood flow is thick and dark.
Blood flow is thus impaired and death follows from lack of oxygen to the brain.
Blood flow makes blood vessels readily apparent.
Blood flow nourishes the skin and keeps it healthy.
Blood flow occurs through a series of vessels with different characteristics.
Blood flow starts when the pressure in the cuff becomes lower than the pressure in the artery.
Blood flow stops in the macula pellucida or stigma.
Blood flow stops, veins collapse and eventually disappear.
Blood flow supplies the nutrients the brain needs to survive.
Blood flow tends to slow as fluid leaves the capillaries.
More blood flow means increased oxygen availability to brain cells.
More blood flow means more heat is released.
Blood fluke eggshells lack an operculum.
Blood gas impedes the normal production and propulsion of oxygen through the blood stream.
Some blood gas analyses prevent diagnoses.
Blood glucose can also become elevated after exercise as a result of insulin deficiency.
Blood glucose is clearly an important marker for morbidity and mortality.
Blood glucose is glucose
Blood glucose is likely in the reference range.
Blood glucose is measured from a blood sample.
Blood glucose is most likely to be high first thing in the morning.
Blood glucose is nearly always normal or only slightly elevated.
Blood glucose is only one analyte that can be monitored noninvasively.
Blood glucose is replenished from liver glycogen stores.
Blood glucose is taken up by muscle.
Blood glucose is the substance that feeds our cells.
Blood glucose is used by muscles to replace the glycogen.
Blood glucose regulates growth hormone.
Blood glucose stays in the blood instead of going into the cells.
Some blood glucose leads to diseases.
Blood grooves line the blade.
A blood group is blood
Blood group antigens react with proteins called antibodies.
Blood groups are blood.
Blood groups are distinctive molecules, called antigens, on the surface of red blood cells.
Blood groups are permanent.
Blood infections can be quite serious, particularly in the very young or elderly.
Blood lactate is useful in ruling out mitochondrial diseases.
Blood levels are an accurate reflection of body levels.
Blood levels are, therefore, of little value in assessing the severity of the overdose.
Blood levels drop when the drug is metabolized by the liver and removed from the body.
Blood levels fall slowly delaying a return to consciousness.
Blood levels increase if portal blood bypasses the liver via shunts.
Blood levels peak and decline slowly until the next injection.
Blood levels require periodic monitoring to ensure proper dosage.
Blood levels rise very rapidly, leading to a rapid induction of anaesthesia.
Blood levels rise when a man is infected or has a cancer.
A blood line is a family tree
Blood line diluted by foreigners keep the bloodline strong in Rome.
Blood Lines is good, very, very, very good.
Some blood lines can be nervous, high-strung and timid.
Blood loss can be acute as in hemorrhage or trauma or long term as in heavy menstruation.
Blood loss can be significant.
Blood loss can cause anemia, a reduction in red blood cells that can cause weakness and fatigue.
Blood loss can even cause anemia.
Blood loss can quickly put a child into a life-threatening condition called shock.
Blood loss can quickly put a person into a life-threatening condition called shock.
Blood loss estimates in birthing pools - Machine better than midwife.
Blood loss is decreased by an average of one cup of blood per birth.
Blood loss is minimal and normal tissue is preserved.
Blood loss is minimal and recovery time much shorter.
Blood loss is minimal and recovery time short.
Blood loss is reduced, so the chance of iron deficiency anemia is much less.
Blood loss is the most common cause of iron deficiency.
Blood loss is the only way stored iron levels are lowered.
Blood loss leading to iron deficiency anaemia and protein loss are the most serious symptoms.
Blood losses are at a maximum as shown by loss of labelled red cells into the g.i tract.
Blood lust is in the air.
A blood meal is feed
Blood meal is a good product to use at that time.
Blood meal is a natural source of nitrogen, and bone meal provides phosphorous.
Blood meal is a quick source of nitrogen.
Blood meal is a rich source of nitrogen that is quickly available, so use with care.
Blood meal is also available in the market as animal feed.
Blood meal is completely soluble and can be mixed with water and used as a liquid fertilizer.
Blood meal is dried, powdered blood collected from cattle slaughter houses.
Blood meal is dried, powdered blood collected from cattle slaughterhouses.
Blood meal is the dried blood left over in the production of beef.
Blood meal makes a great fertilizer, worked into the soil just below the surface.
Blood meals are feed.
Blood meals are necessary during each stage of growth.
Blood meals are necessary for each life stage in order to reproduce.
Blood meals provide proteins.
Blood meals provide waste.
Most blood meals provide proteins.
Most blood meals provide waste.
Blood Mountain is absolutly amazinig.
Blood Mountain is one of the most scenic spots on the entire trail.
Blood oath is required.
Blood orange is red.
Blood oranges are red inside and have a red juice, hence the name.
Blood Oranges exhibit a red blush on a brilliant orange skin.
Blood oranges have dark red pulp and juice of excellent flavor.
Most blood oranges sold here come from California, although a few are imported from Italy.
Blood oxygenation is impaired.
Blood panels are now inexpensive since basic lab work is done in most veterinary offices.
Blood parasites infect animals.
Blood Parrots are a hybrid of two Cichlids species.
Blood plasma contains antibodies against the opposite antigen.
Blood plasma contains several substances, which are involved in blood clotting.
Blood plasma contains substances.
Blood plasma forms the matrix of blood.
Blood plasma is a straw coloured fluid containing proteins and inorganic materials.
Blood plasma is filtered across a very leaky capillary bed called a glomerulus .
Blood plasma is forced out of the glomerular blood capillaries into the renal capsule.
Blood plasma is humour
Blood plasma is like water.
Blood plasma is natural things.
Blood plasma is organic matter.
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid in which blood cells float .
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid in which blood cells float.
Most blood plasma contains substances.
Some blood plasma contains antibodies.
A blood platelet is a protoplasm
Blood platelets help blood clot.
Blood platelets play a crucial role in both hemostatis and thrombosis.
Blood platelets possess the power of ameboid movement.
Blood poisoning can be prevented, if the nail removed from a horse's hoof is stuck into lard.
Blood poisoning can be very serious.
Blood poisoning develops.
Blood poisoning is blood disorder
Blood poisoning is illnesses.
Blood poisoning is sepsis
Blood poisoning is sepsis.
Blood poisoning loves cuts and scrapes.
Blood Pressure Ask a trainer.
Blood pressure becomes dangerous when it's always high.
Blood pressure can become too low, leading to dizziness or fainting.
Blood pressure can drop and pulse become irregular.
Blood pressure can drop with every pound lost.
Blood pressure can increase during therapy with estrogens.
Blood pressure can rise for many reasons totally unrelated to pre-eclampsia.
Blood pressure can rise rapidly during pregnancy, resulting in toxemia or preeclampsia.
Blood pressure causes damage.
Blood pressure causes water to move from blood to tissue.
Blood pressure changes during barium enema.
Blood pressure changes during external counterpulsation.
Blood pressure changes during the day.
Blood pressure changes in the human body, either increased or decreased, involve complex mechanisms.
Blood pressure changes throughout the day.
Blood pressure check at least annually or at every visit if abnormal.
Blood pressure checks available on a walk-in basis.
Blood pressure climbs.
Blood pressure comes down, cholesterol and triglycerides are reduced and energy levels increase.
Blood Pressure cuffs and sets in different colors and designs.
Blood pressure cuffs-all sizes and stethoscopes.
Blood pressure decreases and the output of the heart increases.
Blood pressure decreases slightly during sleep and increases during exercise.
Blood pressure decreases with distance from left ventricle.
Blood pressure decreases.
Blood pressure deflects a membrane, and produces a change in signal voltage.
Blood pressure does fall during the middle of pregnancy in most women.
Blood pressure drives movement.
Blood pressure drops and excrutiatingly painful body cramps and raging thirst are common.
Blood pressure drops and fluid builds up in the lungs, resulting in ineffective breathing.
Blood pressure drops and heart rate slows, and drainage of waste products slows also.
Blood pressure drops and pulse drops to normal.
Blood pressure drops and the dog goes into shock .
Blood pressure drops and the heart has less work.
Blood pressure drops and the heart works less hard.
Blood pressure drops dangerously low and fluid builds up in the lungs.
Blood pressure drops down to normal.
Blood pressure drops slowly, until the next aggravation comes along.
Blood pressure drops with increasing distance from the left ventricle.
Blood pressure drops, and breathing passages swell.
Blood pressure drops, cholesterol drops, and clinical symptoms improve.
Blood pressure drops, heart rate slows, pain subsides.
Blood pressure drops, so put in fluids.
Blood pressure falls causing dizziness or fainting.
Blood pressure falls once drinking is reduced.
Blood pressure falls sharply, and blood flow slows in arterioles.
Blood pressure falls within a range.
Blood pressure falls.
Blood pressure fluctuates constantly.
Blood pressure fluctuates off and on during the day, minute to minute, second to second.
Blood pressure fluctuates ordinarily for short periods each day.
Blood pressure goes up as a normal response to stress and physical activity.
Blood pressure goes up in all people during periods of stress or exercise.
Blood pressure goes up postsurgery, and music can lower blood pressure.
Blood pressure goes up, cholesterol goes up, kidney function and lung function tends to decline.
Blood pressure has a dramatic effect on the rate at which the disease progresses.
Blood pressure has a similar low frequency peak but much attenuated high frequency power.
Blood pressure has a wide range of normal.
Blood pressure has effects.
Blood pressure has negative effects.
Blood pressure increases during puberty.
Blood pressure increases during the exercise but in the long run it decreases the blood pressure.
Blood pressure increases naturally with age.
Blood pressure increases progressively with age.
Blood pressure increases rapidly and the body s metabolism goes into high gear.
Blood pressure increases then abruptly falls when the person stands up.
Blood pressure increases when blood volume increases and it lowers when blood volume lowers.
Blood pressure increases with age because the arteries loose elasticity.
Blood pressure increases with increasing weight, increasing intake of salt and alcohol.
Blood pressure increases with weight and decreases when weight is reduced.
Blood pressure increases, which can cause strokes or heart attacks.
Blood pressure is a measure of how hard the heart is working to pump blood through the body.
Blood pressure is a measure of hydrostatic pressure of blood against inside of artery wall.
Blood pressure is a measure of the force of blood against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is a measure of the force of the circulating blood against the artery walls.
Blood pressure is a measure of the force of the circulating blood against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is a measure of the force that results from the heart's pumping action.
Blood pressure is a measure of the push of blood against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is a risk factor.
Blood pressure is a vital sign
Blood pressure is actually a surrogate marker that can be measured in clinical trials .
Blood pressure is also another.
Blood pressure is an excellent indicator of how hard the heart is working.
Blood pressure is below normal.
Blood pressure is categorized as normal, high normal, mild, moderate, severe, and very severe.
Blood pressure is categorized as optimal, normal, high normal and hypertensive.
Blood pressure is caused by depletion.
Blood pressure is caused by volume depletion.
Blood pressure is controlled with atenold and hydrochlorothiazide.
Blood pressure is determined by a number of factors with genetics playing a major role.
Blood pressure is determined with a device that can detect blood flow in arteries.
Blood pressure is determined.
Blood Pressure is divided into to values systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure.
Blood pressure is expressed as a fraction.
Blood pressure is expressed as one number over another.
Blood pressure is expressed as two different numbers.
Blood pressure is fairly easy to measure.
Blood pressure is fine.
Blood pressure is generally somewhat higher in birds than in mammals.
Blood pressure is governed by three main factors and there are medications that address each one.
Blood pressure is higher in arteries than in veins.
Blood pressure is higher in arteries than it is in other blood vessels .
Blood pressure is higher in arteries than it is in other blood vessels.
Blood pressure is higher in men than in women and is generally higher in blacks than in whites.
Blood pressure is highest in the veins and lowest in the arteries.
Blood pressure is highest when the heart contracts and drives the blood into the arteries.
Blood pressure is highly variable.
Blood pressure is important.
Blood pressure is increased in vessels leaving the aorta above the coarctation.
Blood pressure is increased throughout all the arteries when the ventricles of the heart contract.
Blood pressure is likely to be elevated.
Blood pressure is low and falls further when a person is standing, producing lightheadedness.
Blood pressure is low and falls further when standing, causing dizziness or fainting.
Blood pressure is low.
Blood pressure is lower in late pregnancy and during sleep.
Blood pressure is lowered to about the same extent in both standing and supine positions.
Blood pressure is lowered.
Blood pressure is lowest in children and increases thereafter.
Blood pressure is lowest in the veins.
Blood pressure is maintained by a combination of several factors.
Blood pressure is maintained by a combination of several things.
Blood pressure is maintained in arteries by the smooth muscle surrounding it.
Blood pressure is measured against the height of a column of mercury.
Blood pressure is measured along with heart activity.
Blood pressure is measured around the biceps.
Blood pressure is measured as two values.
Blood pressure is measured at both times.
Blood pressure is measured at regular intervals.
Blood pressure is measured at two point, a high point and a low point.
Blood pressure is measured by a gauge that indicates systolic and diastolic pressure.
Blood pressure is measured by a sphygmomanometer, which is constructed on the following principle.
Blood pressure is measured by the juxtaglomerular apparatus.
Blood pressure is measured by the use of a blood pressure cuff and a stethoscope.
Blood pressure is measured by two numbers, which are written on top of each other.
Blood pressure is measured by two numbers.
Blood pressure is measured continuously with a new non-invasive monitor.
Blood pressure is measured even today in a similar manner, although with more re- fined instruments.
Blood Pressure is measured in two numbers.
Blood pressure is measured until it returns to normal.
Blood pressure is measured using two numbers.
Blood pressure is measured while the patient is active or relaxed, asleep or awake.
Blood pressure is measured with a device called a sphygmomanometer.
Blood pressure is measured with a device that records two numbers.
Blood pressure is measured with the patient supine and standing to rule out orthostatic hypotension.
Blood pressure is measured with two numbers.
Blood pressure is monitored and recorded on all participants.
Blood pressure is monitored once toward the latter portion of each stage.
Blood pressure is monitored.
Blood pressure is normal or low.
Blood pressure is normal, but creeping up.
Blood pressure is normal.
Blood pressure is now unobtainable.
Blood pressure is often high in the arms and low in the legs.
Blood pressure is one of the easiest health problems to control.
Blood pressure is one of the most important factors for monitoring personal health and fitness.
Blood pressure is part of circulation.
Blood pressure is pressure exerted by the blood on the wall of any vessel.
Blood pressure is pressure
Blood pressure is pressure.
Blood pressure is read as systolic over diastolic.
Blood pressure is really two measurements, systolic and diastolic.
Blood pressure is recorded as the systolic pressure over the diastolic pressure.
Blood pressure is recorded as two numbers.
Blood pressure is recorded using two numbers.
Blood pressure is reduced and heart rate accelerates which produces a rushing sensation.
Blood pressure is regulated by tiny arteries called arterioles.
Blood pressure is regulated largely by the nervous system.
Blood pressure is related to thirst a.
Blood pressure is reported as two numbers.
Blood pressure is something that is a major risk factor for heart disease.
Blood pressure is strongest in the aorta, where the blood leaves the heart.
Blood pressure is taken and blood sugar is checked.
Blood pressure is taken by wrapping a cuff around the arm.
Blood pressure is taken by wrapping a cuff around the child's arm.
Blood pressure is taken in the sitting position.
Blood pressure is taken with a cuff around the arm.
Blood pressure is the amount of force blood exerts against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the amount of force exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the amount of force exerted by the blood against walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the amount of pressure the circulating blood puts on the artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force created by the heart as it pumps blood through the body.
Blood pressure is the force created by the heart to push the blood through the body.
Blood Pressure is the force exerted against the bloods vessel walls when the heart pumps .
Blood pressure is the force exerted by blood on the walls of the arteries when the heart beats.
Blood pressure is the force exerted on arterial walls when the heart moves blood through the body.
Blood pressure is the force of blood against artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force of blood against the arteries.
Blood pressure is the force of blood against the blood vessel wall.
Blood pressure is the force of blood against the walls of arteries.
Blood pressure is the force of blood against the walls of the artery.
Blood pressure is the force of blood as it moves through the blood vessels.
Blood pressure is the force of blood pushing against blood vessel walls.
Blood pressure is the force of blood pushing against the walls of the blood vessels.
Blood pressure is the force of the blood against the vessel walls.
Blood pressure is the force of the blood pushing against artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force of the blood pushing against our artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force of the blood pushing against the artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force of the blood pushing against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the force of the flowing blood against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the force that moves blood throughout the body.
Blood pressure is the force that the blood exerts on the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the force the blood exerts on the arteries .
Blood pressure is the force with which blood presses against artery walls.
Blood pressure is the force with which the blood pushes against the walls of the arteries.
Blood pressure is the forward thrust of the blood against the walls of the arteries in the body.
Blood pressure is the hydrostatic force that blood exerts against a vessel wall.
Blood pressure is the measure of force needed to push blood through the arteries.
Blood pressure is the measure of the force generated by the heart against the artery walls.
Blood pressure is the measure of the force of blood flowing against artery walls.
Blood pressure is the measure of the force of blood traveling through the circulatory system.
Blood pressure is the pressure exerted by the blood on the walls of the blood vessels.
Blood pressure is the pressure needed to circulate the blood through the body.
Blood Pressure is the pressure produced by the heart to pump blood around the body.
Blood pressure is the result of two forces.
Blood pressure is usually normal.
Blood pressure is usually unaltered unless bradycardia was previously present.
Blood pressure is very easy to measure in a doctor's office .
Blood pressure is very variable, which means it can change for a number of reasons.
Blood pressure is vital signs.
Blood pressure is within acceptable limits for patient.
Blood pressure is written with the highest pressure first , followed by the lowest pressure .
Blood pressure is written with the highest pressure first, followed by the lowest pressure.
Blood pressure is written with two numbers separated by a slash.
Blood Pressure Keep a record and bring to the eye clinic.
Blood pressure keeps blood and oxygen circulating.
Blood pressure lowering action is a minor side effect, and incidental to their intended action.
Blood pressure lowers.
Blood pressure measured at the arm or wrist is different from the blood pressure at the heart.
Blood pressure measured on the arm or wrist is different from the blood pressure at the heart.
Blood pressure measures the force the blood causes as it flows through the blood vessels.
Blood pressure measures two numbers.
Blood pressure needs to be controlled during pregnancy, to a reasonable level.
Blood pressure needs to be taken during the peak of contraction.
Blood pressure provides a picture of the heart's health .
Blood pressure raises gradually over several days with maximum effect at one to two weeks.
Blood pressure remains normal until late decompensation leads to hypotension.
Blood pressure remains stable as long as the patient remains on the diet.
Blood pressure results from the force of blood pushing against blood vessel walls.
Blood pressure results from two forces.
Blood pressure returns to normal.
Blood pressure returns to safe levels.
Blood pressure rise to life- threatening level.
Blood pressure rises and becomes irregular, and breathing rate increases.
Blood pressure rises and falls during a normal day.
Blood pressure rises as vessels to unneeded parts of the body constrict.
Blood pressure rises significantly with each cigarette.
Blood pressure rises substantially above normal.
Blood pressure rises temporarily each time a cigarette is smoked.
Blood pressure rises to pump more blood to our muscles.
Blood pressure rises while on a cocaine high.
Blood pressure rises with age and is much more common in the elderly.
Blood pressure rises with age.
Blood pressure rises, adrenaline flows, pulse increases.
Blood pressure rises.
Blood pressure screens alone are free.
Blood Pressure See how a brass tube was used to determine blood pressure.
Blood pressure soars, stress levels increase and ulcers can form if anger is managed poorly.
Blood pressure soars.
Blood pressure stimulates secretion.
Blood pressure sustains blood pressure.
Blood pressure sustains pressure.
Blood Pressure Take one teaspoonful of garlic juice mixed with two teaspoonful of honey.
Blood pressure taken by a nurse is more likely to be accurate.
Blood pressure tends to be higher at the doctor's office than at other times.
Blood pressure tends to be lower in people who exercise.
Blood pressure tends to be lower in the evening and lowest during sleep.
Blood pressure tends to drop in pregnancy.
Blood pressure tends to increase with weight gain.
Blood pressure tends to rise with stress or exercise.
Blood pressure varies considerably during the course of an average day.
Blood pressure varies during the day and from person to person.
Blood pressure varies from day to day, and even within a given day.
Blood pressure varies from person to person, as well as from time to time in the same person.
Blood pressure varies from person to person.
Blood pressure varies with activities and time of day.
Blood pressure varies with age and sex of the individual.
Blood pressure varies with age, sex and physical state of a person.
Blood pressure varies with normal activities during the day.
Blood pressure varies with position.
Blood pressures are always popular.
Blood pressures rise, with cause, at the mention of the place.
Blood pressures rise.
Most blood pressure causes damage.
Most blood pressure drives movement.
Most blood pressure has effects.
Most blood pressure has negative effects.
Most blood pressure is caused by depletion.
Most blood pressure is caused by volume depletion.
Most blood pressure sustains blood pressure.
Most blood pressure sustains pressure.
Some blood pressure affects maturation.
Some blood pressure causes water.
Some blood pressure contributes to death.
Some blood pressure induces damage.
Some blood pressure induces further damage.
Some blood pressure induces further kidney damage.
Some blood pressure induces kidney damage.
Some blood pressure leads to cardiovascular diseases.
Some blood pressure leads to damage.
Some blood pressure leads to death.
Some blood pressure leads to diseases.
Some blood pressure leads to disorder.
Some blood pressure leads to heart diseases.
Some blood pressure leads to kidney damage.
Some blood pressure lowers effects.
Some blood pressure occurs during dehydration.
Some blood pressure prevents diseases.
Some blood pressure prevents heart diseases.
Some blood pressure provides drive forces.
Some blood pressure provides forces.
Some blood pressure pushes proteins.
Some blood pressure results in damage.
Some blood pressure results in kidney damage.
Blood products are essential for many medical treatments.
Blood products are now heat-treated to kill viruses before they are given to patients.
Blood products help prevent viral and infectious diseases and are used in the treatment of shock.
Blood products provide life-saving help to people in many different circumstances.
Some blood proteins find in vertebrates.
Blood pudding is sausage
Blood pudding looks like a dense black coin speckled with white oat grains.
Blood pump is stopped.
Blood pythons have only two large pits on each side.
Blood quantum is a sterile, inhuman way of calculating authenticity.
Blood red is the ultimate red.
Blood reds can be intense, but for the most part, none of the hues appear over saturated.
A blood relation is a relative
Blood Relation See Consanguinity.
Blood relationships can be good or bad, but they are there nonetheless.
A blood relative is a relative
Blood relatives are films.
Blood relatives are preferable.
Blood relatives can be from either the mother's or father's side of the family.
Blood relatives go out to share the truth and cement the bond of faith.
Blood replacement is available to employees and their families at no charge.
Blood replacement is done via intravenous administration.
Blood reserves are extremely low.
Blood root is used today in some toothpaste preparations.
Blood root soes the most amazing dance when it appears in the spring.
Blood sacrifice rooted in years of fear, the foreskin is the scapegoat again.
Blood sacrifices are to be condemned as barbaric and cash sacrifices usually benefit only one party.
Blood sacrifices have a divine origin.
Blood sample is sent to lab for analysis.
Blood samples are blood.
Blood samples are easily obtainable by cardiac puncture.
Blood samples are more likely than feathers to give a recent history of mercury uptake.
Blood samples are no longer necessary.
Blood samples are samples.
Blood samples are very fragile and results are some time questionable.
Blood samples arrive by overnight delivery, or are drawn at the lab.
Blood samples indicate a rare blood disease.
Blood samples provide a better measure, but are subject to detection limits.
Blood samples provide the greatest number of possible genetic systems for testing.
Blood samples remain acceptable for testing for several days.
Blood samples taken from affected animals appear to be watery.
Blood sampling is considered a procedure in most Western countries.
Blood sampling is of significance in predicting the risk from benzene carcinogenesis to human.
Blood sausage is exactly what it sounds like.
Blood sausage is sausage
Blood sausages are also common.
Blood serum is humour
Blood serum is the clear liquid that separates from blood upon clotting.
Blood serum is used to detect antibodies for specific diseases.
Blood smears contain only mature cells .
Blood spatters help a great deal in recontructing a crime scene.
Blood stage infection causes diseases.
Blood stains are gone, grass grows over the graves.
Blood stains are still visible on the floor.
Blood stains are still visible on the old pine floors.
Blood stains are still visible on the wooden floor.
Blood stains show through it.
Blood stasis can also lead to further disorders as a pathogenic factor.
Some blood streams carry carbon dioxide.
Some blood streams carry dioxide.
Blood substitutes offer unique opportunities to the delivery of oxygen in critically ill patients.
Blood suckers die in a plane crash.
Some blood suckers have jaws.
Blood sugar can continue to fall for several hours even after the exercise.
Blood sugar causes excretion.
Blood sugar causes follow symptoms.
Blood sugar causes potassium excretion.
Blood sugar causes symptoms.
Blood sugar goes up after eating, but returns to normal range within one to two hours.
Blood sugar is also lower in early pregnancy months, which contributes to stomach upsets.
Blood sugar is glucose
Blood sugar is glucose.
Blood sugar is monitored at least four times daily.
Blood sugar is stabilized and a sense of well-being is established.
Blood sugar is tested regularly each day.
Blood sugar is used by the body for energy.
Blood sugar is usually high in people with diabetes because they have become resistant to insulin.
Blood sugar is very important to everyone's brain and nervous system.
Blood sugar needs to be kept in tight control.
Blood sugar rises after a meal.
Blood sugar rises and builds up in the blood.
Blood sugar tends to increase with age, accelerating aging by cross-linking with proteins.
Blood sugars are never constant, that makes it tricky.
Most blood sugar causes excretion.
Most blood sugar causes potassium excretion.
Most blood sugar causes symptoms.
Some blood sugar contributes to health.
Some blood sugar contributes to overall health.
Some blood sugar increases concentration.
Some blood sugar increases sugar concentration.
Some blood sugar increases urination.
Some blood sugar leads to diabetes.
Blood supplies are critically low.
Blood supplies are dangerously low, please donate blood today.
Blood supplies are still extremely low.
Blood supply deficiencies mainly lie within the large centres such as Toronto and Vancouver.
Blood supply features a portal system between hypothalamus and anterior pituitary.
Blood supply follows along with the nerve rootlets themselves.
Blood supply is better in the upper extremities than in the lower.
Blood supply is cut and the arteries and veins are reconnected in the new area.
Blood supply is in severe shortage in the Delaware Valley.
Blood supply is low.
Blood supply is therefore impaired to organ tissue and fascia.
All blood supply travels through the liver to be detoxified.
A blood test is biopsy
Blood test are even more confusing.
Blood test are often necessary to determine the cause of the illness.
Blood test are the more accurate of the two types of testing.
Blood test detects heart attacks in early critical stages.
Blood test detects most forms of cancer.
Blood test is contributory.
Blood test show low white cells and low platelets.
Blood test shows an elevated serum bilirubin and other liver enzymes.
Blood tests adjust the probability of a given diagnosis up or down depending on the result.
Blood tests are all normal.
Blood tests are also available to diagnose allergies, but their use is more controversial.
Blood tests are also available.
Blood tests are also informative.
Blood tests are also necessary.
Blood tests are also part of the evaluation for liver cancer.
Blood tests are also part of the evaluation for pancreatic cancer.
Blood tests are also useful for diagnosis for some patients in some instances.
Blood tests are among the most convincing evidence in a paternity case.
Blood tests are another useful diagnostic tool for evaluating IgE-mediated food allergies.
Blood tests are available Blood tests done in the early stage of illness can be negative.
Blood tests are available from doctors.
Blood tests are available to identify vWD victims.
Blood tests are available.
Blood tests are biopsy.
Blood tests are especially tough on children who are sensory-defensive.
Blood tests are generally part of annual physical exams.
Blood tests are generally positive one to two weeks before urine tests.
Blood tests are inexpensive and sometimes free.
Blood tests are invasive and are only as good as the lab that does the testing.
Blood tests are invasive, and are only as good as the lab that does the testing.
Blood tests are invasive, painful, and inadequate.
Blood tests are medical tests.
Blood tests are more expensive than urine tests.
Blood tests are more reliable than skin tests.
Blood tests are most common, but new saliva tests are increasingly available.
Blood tests are most common.
Blood tests are most specific for the levels of hormone.
Blood tests are necessary to diagnose the condition and monitor treatment.
Blood tests are no longer necessary.
Blood tests are nonspecific.
Blood tests are normal, even when the disability from pain, weakness, and stiffness is severe.
Blood tests are normal.
Blood tests are of limited value.
Blood tests are of little use.
Blood tests are ok.
Blood tests are ordered, they are negative.
Blood tests are pending.
Blood tests are quicker and more accurate.
Blood tests are sometimes necessary for people with other medical problems or with severe disease.
Blood tests are suggestive of the diagnosis, but a small bowel biopsy is the definitive test.
Blood tests are the best method for detecting recent exposures to large amounts of PBBs.
Blood tests are the best method for detecting recent exposures to large amounts.
Blood tests are the most accurate and sensitive, while urine tests take a little longer.
Blood tests are the most common, but can be very difficult to interpret.
Blood tests are unreliable.
Blood tests are used more often , because they are easier to do .
Blood tests are used more often, because they are easier to do.
Blood tests are usually normal and the only way to confirm a silent carrier is by DNA studies.
Blood tests are usually unnecessary.
Blood tests are very accurate and can detect pregnancy by the second week after conception.
Blood tests are very reliable, which is why so few paternity cases go to trial.
Blood tests are very useful diagnostic tool.
Blood tests can also check for anemia.
Blood tests can also offer a valuable warning.
Blood tests can be helpful in ruling out certain diseases.
Blood tests can be unreliable.
Blood tests can be useful in establishing the progress of treatment.
Blood tests can confirm the diagnosis.
Blood tests can confirm the high glucose level and the buildup of acid in the body.
Blood tests can detect delayed as well as immediate food allergies.
Blood tests can detect hCG levels.
Blood tests can detect the problem, and it can often be treated with nutrition and supplements.
Blood tests can determine if a person has iron excess.
Blood tests can determine if someone is a carrier.
Blood tests can determine if thyroid function or blood sugar is abnormal.
Blood tests can determine problems such as mononucleosis.
Blood tests can determine that leflunomide has been eliminated from the body.
Blood tests can determine whether someone has had a reaction to beryllium dust.
Blood tests can determine whether the amount of iron stored in the body is too high.
Blood tests can determine which vitamin is in short supply.
Blood tests can diagnose thyroid disorders.
Blood tests can distinguish between the type of white cell seen in leukemia and that with mono.
Blood tests can find out for sure.
Blood tests can further rule out other disorders that mimic multiple sclerosis.
Blood tests can give much information about the state of a patient's health.
Blood tests can help determine what is happening.
Blood tests can help diagnose infection or determine if a person has been exposed in the past.
Blood tests can help establish the correct diagnosis.
Blood tests can help evaluate and monitor the herd status.
Blood tests can help strengthen a doctor s suspicion.
Blood tests can help with the diagnosis.
Blood tests can identify carriers.
Blood tests can indicate anaemia and how much inflammation there is in the body.
Blood tests can make the diagnosis.
Blood tests can provide important information about heart muscle damage during a heart attack.
Blood tests can reveal a low platelet level.
Blood tests can show the presence of both viruses.
Blood tests can tell if someone has either virus.
Blood tests confirm diagnoses.
Blood tests detect abnormalities in people who have macroglobulinemia.
Blood tests detect presence.
Blood tests detect the bacterium during fever episodes.
Blood tests give information on how well the liver is working.
Blood tests help conditions.
Blood tests help diagnoses.
Blood tests help make the diagnosis.
Blood tests indicate megaloblastic anemia by revealing very large oval red blood cells.
Blood tests indicate the approach is working.
Blood tests measure average blood glucose levels.
Blood tests measure average levels.
Blood tests measure blood glucose levels.
Blood tests measure levels.
Blood tests measure the levels of certain tumor markers, or chemicals, in the blood.
Blood tests measure the levels of tumor markers .
Blood tests measure the levels of tumor markers.
Blood tests measure thyroid levels.
Blood tests offered by supermarkets use similar methods to specialist allergy clinics.
Blood tests performed by commercial companies are a case in point.
Blood tests play an important role in the diagnosis and treatment of many cardiovascular conditions.
Blood tests provide a measure of security.
Blood tests provide an indication of heart muscle damage.
Blood tests require different collection tubes for different tests.
Blood tests reveal an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate and neutrophilia.
Blood tests reveal decline kidney functions.
Blood tests reveal elevated thyroid hormone level and often elevated liver enzymes.
Blood tests reveal functions.
Blood tests reveal kidney functions.
Blood tests reveal little change from the mild elevations of bili and enzymes.
Blood tests reveal liver problems.
Blood tests reveal problems.
Blood tests show a decreased growth hormone level.
Blood tests show activities.
Blood tests show blood glucose levels.
Blood tests show calcium levels.
Blood tests show decreased numbers of red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets.
Blood tests show elevated levels of substances known as blood urea nitrogen and creatinine .
Blood tests show high blood glucose levels.
Blood tests show high levels.
Blood tests show hormone levels.
Blood tests show levels.
Blood tests show low calcium levels.
Blood tests show low levels.
Blood tests show no infection.
Blood tests show serum ceruloplasmin is low.
Blood tests show that one or all of the different blood cell types are decreased.
Blood tests show whether the kidneys are failing to remove wastes.
Blood tests to detect infection.
Blood tests to evaluate functions.
Blood tests to evaluate gland functions.
Blood tests to evaluate pituitary functions.
Blood tests to evaluate pituitary gland functions.
Blood tests to measure levels.
Blood tests used include the fasting blood glucose test or oral glucose tolerance test.
All blood test are normal.
All blood tests are normal.
All blood tests come back normal.
Most blood tests are nonspecific and can only suggest that a person has an inflammatory process.
Most blood tests confirm diagnoses.
Most blood tests detect presence.
Most blood tests help conditions.
Most blood tests help diagnoses.
Most blood tests measure average blood glucose levels.
Most blood tests measure average levels.
Most blood tests measure blood glucose levels.
Most blood tests measure thyroid levels.
Most blood tests reveal decline kidney functions.
Most blood tests reveal kidney functions.
Most blood tests reveal liver problems.
Most blood tests reveal problems.
Most blood tests show blood glucose levels.
Most blood tests show calcium levels.
Most blood tests show high blood glucose levels.
Most blood tests show high levels.
Most blood tests show hormone levels.
Most blood tests show low calcium levels.
Most blood tests show low levels.
Some blood tests can also help show some of the signs of shock.
Some blood tests confirm pregnancy.
Some blood tests confirm problems.
Some blood tests detect antibodies.
Some blood tests detect deformities.
Some blood tests detect physical deformities.
Some blood tests determine presence.
Some blood tests help drug usage.
Some blood tests help usage.
Some blood tests indicate infection.
Some blood tests indicate presence.
Some blood tests measure hormones.
Some blood tests measure oxygen carbon dioxide.
Some blood tests reveal alcohol.
Some blood tests reveal anemia.
Some blood tests reveal blood lead levels.
Some blood tests reveal blood.
Some blood tests reveal negative blood.
Some blood tests reveal toxic levels.
Some blood tests show abnormalities.
Some blood tests show babies.
Some blood tests show calcium.
Some blood tests show enzymes.
Some blood tests show fathers.
Some blood tests show health.
Some blood tests show mercury.
Blood testing can help ascertain if additional estradiol is needed.
Blood testing does have certain advantages over skin testing.
Blood testing is an important tool for people who are regularly exposed to lead.
Blood testing is an important tool in aiding a physician in making a diagnosis.
Blood testing is available for animals and man.
Blood testing is done by a variety of labs.
Blood testing is done to detect the presence of any infectious diseases.
Blood testing is much less reliable when low-grade food intolerances or sensitivities are involved.
Blood testing is much more exact.
Blood testing is neither completely reliable nor useful early in the infection process.
Blood testing is ordered.
Blood testing is performed by a clinician and the results are compared with known normal levels.
Blood testing is scheduled for child support cases that appear on the docket.
Blood testing is the cornerstone of diagnosis during the secondary phase.
Blood testing refers to laboratory analysis of blood, usually drawn from a patient's arm.
All blood testing is free of charge to the owner.
Blood thinner are medicine.
Blood thinner works better than aspirin.
Blood thinners are necessary to prevent clotting of the valve.
Blood thinners help prevent further TIAs or strokes.
Blood thinners work by slowing the clotting action of the blood.
Some blood thinners are very powerful.
Blood ties appear to be a big key to wielding influence in Kazakstan.
Blood ties are blood ties.
Blood ties end at death.
A blood transfusion is movement
Blood Transfusion explains pros and cons of blood transfusions and alternatives.
Blood transfusion increase risk of infection in trauma surgery.
Blood transfusion is also a risk factor for induced malaria in newborn infants.
Blood transfusion is done if required.
Blood transfusion is especially unsafe in rural areas.
Blood transfusion is indicated in case of bone marrow depression.
Blood transfusion is often essential.
Blood transfusion is the giving of blood to a patient who needs it in order to survive and recover.
Blood transfusion is the standard treatment for patients with anemia.
Blood transfusion is to the benefit of the welfare of the recipient.
Blood transfusion is very safe today with a very low risk of infectious consequences.
Blood transfusion leads to an inflammatory response in patients undergoing routine surgery.
Blood transfusion remains a cornerstone in the management of patients with sickle cell disease.
Blood transfusion Treat the symptoms as they occuro.
Blood transfusions are also a factor.
Blood transfusions are critical for patients suffering from anemia.
Blood transfusions are crossmatched to reduce the risk of incompatibility reactions.
Blood transfusions are done to replace blood lost during surgery or a serious injury.
Blood transfusions are fluid movement.
Blood transfusions are indicated in horses with clinical signs of hypoxia .
Blood transfusions are medical treatments.
Blood transfusions are necessary in severe cases.
Blood transfusions are one method used by athletes to engage in blood doping.
Blood transfusions are one way to treat severe anemia.
Blood transfusions are one way.
Blood transfusions can be life-saving and certainly have their place in medicine.
Blood transfusions can cause allergic reactions and infections.
Blood transfusions can have serious risks.
Blood transfusions can relive symptoms, but there is no cure.
Blood transfusions can save lives.
Blood transfusions carry a risk of allergic reaction and infection.
Blood transfusions carry a risk of allergic reactions and infections.
Blood transfusions continue to be banned.
Blood transfusions give the opportunity for another's spirits to enter the patient's body.
Blood transfusions help certain children with sickle cell disease.
Blood Transfusions Learn the benefits, and risks involved in life-saving blood transfusions.
Blood transfusions take place in the meantime, which wear the little boy down.
Some blood transfusions improve situations.
A blood type is blood
Blood type is an easily accessible factor in patients' genetic makeup.
Blood type is an example of codominance.
Blood type is determined by inherited antigens and antibodies.
Blood type is inherited, just like eye color.
Blood types are as fundamental as creation itself.
Blood types are inherited and represent contributions from both parents.
Blood types are types.
Blood types prevent that .
Blood types prevent that.
All blood types are useful.
All blood types are welcome.
All blood types exist in almost all races.
Every blood type is covered.
Every blood type is needed.
Some blood types are common, some rare, and others very rare.
Some blood types are more rare than others.
Some blood types have peanuts.
Some blood types make recommendations.
Some blood types play important roles.
Some blood types play roles.
Blood typing are diagnosises.
Blood typing can give indications to food compatibility and related health issues.
Blood typing confirms they are of Spanish decent.
Blood typing is a very poor method to resolve important questions about paternity.
Blood typing is also a registration requirement.
Blood typing is especially important during pregnancy .
Blood values are now within the normal range.
Blood values continue to be normal, and the stomach irritation seems to be greatly reduced.
A blood vessel is a vessel
Blood vessel dilates.
Blood vessel is damaged.
Blood vessels absorb the sugars and amino acids across villus border.
Blood vessels allow water to pass through to replenish the space outside our cells.
Blood vessels appear in the yolk sac.
Blood vessels are absent as well.
Blood vessels are also frequently targets of disease in the kidney.
Blood vessels are arranged vertically along the tissue junctions.
Blood vessels are intricate networks of tubes that transport blood throughout the entire body.
Blood vessels are often intact presumably due to their particular basal lamina.
Blood vessels are part of circulatory systems.
Blood vessels are red.
Blood vessels are similar to garden hoses, some are larger and some are as small as one cell.
Blood vessels are the first indicator of the formation of the circulatory system.
Blood vessels are the suppliers of oxygen, nutrients, and regulatory factors.
Blood vessels are tiny tubes that carry blood through the body.
Blood vessels are tubes of different sizes that transport blood to and from the heart.
Blood vessels are tubes of various diameters through which the blood is transported.
Blood vessels are vessels.
Blood vessels are visible beneath the intestinal mucosa, which glistens from mucous secretions.
Blood vessels are visible in the lesion.
Blood vessels become edematous, with hemorrhage and clotting leading to tissue necrosis.
Blood vessels become less elastic.
Blood vessels become more visible.
Blood vessels become wider and more elastic, blood pressure decreases and new capillaries form.
Blood vessels being pinched can impair the circulation into one or both upper extremities.
Blood vessels bring nourishment and minerals to the bone.
Blood vessels can vary and some people have extra blood vessels or are missing blood vessels.
Blood vessels carry blood from the heart to the entire body and then back to the heart.
Blood vessels carry blood throughout the body, which moves because of the beating of the heart .
Blood vessels carry blood.
Blood vessels collapse and pressure is put upon the organs surrounding the stomach.
Blood vessels collect blood and take blood to gills.
Blood vessels collect food for the growing embryo from the energy-rich yolk material.
Blood vessels connect to the placenta.
Blood vessels consist of several kinds of cells.
Blood vessels constrict in an attempt to divert the blood to better-oxygenated areas of the lung.
Blood vessels constrict.
Blood vessels cover all but the midventral part of the yolk.
Blood vessels develop rapidly.
Blood vessels dilate so the blood can circulate more quickly, closer to the skin's surface.
Blood vessels dilate, the flow of blood to the skin increases and the muscles relax.
Blood vessels dilate.
Blood vessels emerge perpendicular to the falciform process to run on the surface of the retina.
Blood vessels enter and leave the thymus via the connective tissue septae.
Blood vessels enter the central nervous system through holes in the meningeal layers.
Blood vessels form and grow into the perichondrium, transporting stem cells into the interior.
Blood vessels get leaky.
Blood vessels get stiffer with age.
Blood vessels going to the penis dilate, and blood fills the penis causing it to become engorged.
Blood vessels grow into matrix, and cells give rise to osteoblasts that form superficial bone.
Blood vessels have a lining of a layer of cells.
Blood vessels have a thin lining composed a single layer of a special type cell.
Blood vessels have capillaries.
Blood vessels have elastic fibers.
Blood vessels indicate a viable embryo.
Blood vessels invaginate into the ventricular system forming the choroid plexus.
Blood vessels leak and are no longer able to carry blood to organs.
Blood vessels leak fluid and blood into the retina, causing loss of vision.
Blood vessels lose a certain amount of elasticity with aging.
Blood vessels move blood.
Blood vessels penetrate it to supply blood to the nerve fibers and surrounding tissue.
Blood vessels provide a closed transport system for blood leaving and returning to the heart.
Blood vessels provide for a continuous route for blood leaving The heart to return to the heart.
Blood vessels provide nourishment.
Blood vessels pump blood.
Blood vessels relax and high blood pressure drops.
Blood vessels relax and pressure goes down.
Blood vessels remain somewhat dilated, providing oxygen-rich blood.
Blood vessels reorganize thru the new dura membrane.
Blood vessels run through a bone, and nerves surround it.
Blood vessels run throughout and marrow fills the spaces between the tissue.
Blood vessels run throughout the spongy bone, and marrow fills the spaces between the bone tissue.
Blood vessels rupture because of being softened.
Blood vessels spread and bring life to what is becoming living tissue.
Blood vessels supply heart muscles.
Blood vessels supply muscles.
Blood vessels supply tissues with oxygen and nutrients necessary for survival and growth.
Blood vessels surround and penetrate the perichondrium, becoming the periosteum.
Blood vessels surround the renal tubule, and urine forms in it.
Blood vessels swell or shrink, muscles know and head pain in the result.
Blood vessels transfer heat to other vessels.
Blood vessels traverse the dome and cast shadows on the underlying structures.
Blood vessels warm the air and mucus moistens it.
All blood vessels have three layers called tunics .
Many blood vessels nourish the optic nerve with blood rich in oxygen and nutrition.
Most blood vessels carry blood.
Most blood vessels have capillaries.
Most blood vessels move blood.
Most blood vessels possess sympathetic vasoconstrictor nerves but lack vasodilator nerves.
Most blood vessels pump blood.
Most blood vessels supply heart muscles.
Most blood vessels supply muscles.
Some blood vessels affect blood pressure.
Some blood vessels affect pressure.
Some blood vessels are evident in among the cells.
Some blood vessels are near skin surfaces.
Some blood vessels are near surfaces.
Some blood vessels bring blood.
Some blood vessels can narrow.
Some blood vessels carry calcium.
Some blood vessels carry nicotine.
Some blood vessels carry nourishment.
Some blood vessels cause blockage.
Some blood vessels cause damage.
Some blood vessels cause renal damage.
Some blood vessels connect arteries.
Some blood vessels enter channels.
Some blood vessels fill with red wax.
Some blood vessels fill with wax.
Some blood vessels form scars.
Some blood vessels have walls.
Some blood vessels lead to damage.
Some blood vessels look like books.
Some blood vessels pass through canals.
Some blood vessels pass through central canals.
Some blood vessels pass through cord.
Some blood vessels pass through umbilical cord.
Some blood vessels regulate nutrition.
Some blood vessels show blockage.
Some blood vessels sit on tops.
Some blood vessels supply arms.
Some blood vessels supply brain structures.
Some blood vessels supply structures.
Some blood vessels support horny sheaths.
Some blood vessels support sheaths.
Some blood vessels support thin sheaths.
Some blood vessels surround pancreases.
Some blood vessels surround renal tubules.
Some blood vessels surround tubules.
Blood viscosity is determined by multiple factors.
Blood volume begins to change.
Blood volume changes during three-week residence at high altitude.
Blood volume continues to drop until it reaches the end-systolic volume.
Blood volume decreases.
Blood volume increases, blood pressure and pulse rise, and cardiac output increases.
Blood volume is a factor necessary for function and survival of an organism.
Blood volume is augmented by a number of factors.
Blood volume is important in many surgical and medical conditions.
Blood volume is increased.
Blood volume is the total amount of blood circulating within the body.
Blood volume refers to the amount of blood in the human body.
Blood volumes are less than priming volumes.
Blood work appears to be ok.
Blood work can also pick up signs of kidney or liver disease.
Blood work is improved somewhat.
Blood work is in order.
Blood work is mandatory.
Blood work is performed twice a year, or more often if there was an abnormality on a previous test.
Blood worms are a favorite.
Some blood worms make up diets.
Blood absorbs carbon monoxide.
Blood absorbs more slowly, dulling as it dries.
Blood absorbs oxygen.
Blood absorbs virtually all substances to which a person is exposed.
Blood accumulates in three cylindrical spongy sinuses that run lengthwise through the penis.
Blood accumulating under the fingernail produces alot of pain.
Blood actually represents severe pulmonary edema with extravasation of red cells into airspaces.
Blood adheres to wall.
Blood affects development.
Blood affects functions.
Blood affects nerve functions.
Blood again splatters the room.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Blood already is safe.
Blood also builds community.
Blood also carries hormones to places where they are needed.
Blood also delivers nutrients that are essential to good hair health.
Blood also drains into the cavernous sinuses via the superior and inferior ophthalmic veins.
Blood also enables hormones and other substances to be transported between tissues and organs.
Blood also enters the subarachnoid space.
Blood also has the capacity to be categorized, and there are more than a dozen canine blood groups.
Blood also has to be taken to run tests.
Blood also passes through the small intestine during systemic circulation.
Blood also picks up waste products from the body's cells as it flows through the body.
Blood also plays roles in body temperature regulation.
Blood also seems to thicken and clot differently upon exposure, according to some studies.
Blood also supplies glucose principal energy source of neurons.
Blood also transports the products of the urea cycle to the kidneys for removal.
Blood also transports wastes away from cells.
Blood also travels between neighboring regional blood centers.
Blood antioxidants changes in young women following beta-carotene depletion and repletion.
Blood apparently is thicker than diesel fuel.
Blood appears in the sputum.
Blood appears in the stool and has a odd odor.
Blood appears in the urine.
Blood appears in vomitus.
Blood appears to be another cause.
Blood appears to be necessary for development of eggs.
Blood appears to ooze from the upstairs foyer.
Blood appears to trickle down the blade.
Blood Apply a cool solution of enzyme detergent with a sponge.
Blood arrives at the glomerulus for filtration.
Blood arrives in the left atrium and passes through the left ventricle.
Blood attracts sharks.
Blood auburn it was called in the high court of the fey royalty.
Blood backs up in the heart and the lungs, resulting in congestive heart failure.
Blood backs up in the liver and other parts of the body.
Blood backs up in veins.
Blood backs up, and excess fluid collects in the lungs and other tissues.
Blood becomes less concentrated.
Blood becomes more concentrated.
Blood becomes more efficiently oxygenated.
Blood becomes static within central veins and necrosis insues .
Blood becomes trapped within the endometrioma, and over time, it becomes dark and thick.
Blood begins to back up, and pressure within the heart rises.
Blood begins to circulate though a closed set of channels.
Blood begins to circulate, Facial features start to develop.
Blood begins to flow from every one of the body's orifices.
Blood begins to flow from the atrium into the ventricle.
Blood begins to flow more easily to the peripheral area of the extremities.
Blood begins to flow.
Blood begins to form in the bone marrow.
Blood breaks down into protein components that are converted to ammonia.
Blood briefly squirts out as several people are shot to death.
Blood bring nutrients into the liver.
Blood brings oxygen and nutrients to the heart.
Blood buy sneakers online.
Blood Calls to Blood .
Blood can also be present with urinary tract infections or other causes.
Blood can also begin accumulating in the uterus, a serious condition known as hematocolpos.
Blood can also indicate injury or trauma of the urinary tract.
Blood can also mean fertility as when it is connected with menstruation.
Blood can back up in the spleen causing it to enlarge and sequester blood cells.
Blood can be either serum or plasma.
Blood can be red clots or black in color with sticky fowl smelling stools.
Blood can be red, meaning it is fresh, or black, meaning it is old.
Blood can be warm or cold.
Blood can carry both bacteria and viruses.
Blood can carry diseases that can be transferred from person to person.
Blood can come and go, causing a patient to delay seeing a physician.
Blood can easily drip off the side of the strip and get in or on the meter.
Blood can flow before the wound appears.
Blood can flow from one or both nostrils and can flow into the throat.
Blood can get into nooks and crannies.
Blood can help restore an individual's health or save a life in an emergency situation.
Blood can leak from literally every bodily orifice, including the eyes and pores of the skin.
Blood can leak from literally every bodily orifice, including the eyes and the pores of the skin.
Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum.
Blood can move throughout the body faster.
Blood can now flow into the aorta and the volume of blood in the left ventricle drops.
Blood can now flow through the new channel to the heart.
Blood can only come from volunteer donors willing to give regularly to save another persons' life.
Blood can only flow through a smooth conduit.
Blood can pool and clot in the chambers, which can lead to stroke in some cases.
Blood can pool if it weakens or leaks, causing heart failure and thousands of deaths each year.
Blood can pool in the atria and clot.
Blood can pool under the scar , and raise it to the surface of the skin .
Blood can pool under the scar, and raise it to the surface of the skin.
Blood can reach the pulmonary arteries only through a patent ductus arteriosus.
Blood can spatter, potentially exposing personnel to bloodborne pathogens.
Blood can then flow more easily through the opened artery.
Blood can then flow normally again.
Blood can then flow throughout the tissue, promoting the growth of new flesh.
Blood can then spill out of the circulatory system into the body cavity.
Blood can track around the brain and between the leaves of the falx.
Blood can wash out debris that has been left at the inner wound site.
Blood capillaries a. arise from venules.
Blood capillaries in the villi absorb nutrients and transport the food to all the cells in the body.
Blood carries a great deal of life force.
Blood carries blood cells.
Blood carries carbon dioxide from all organs to the lungs for removal.
Blood carries carbon dioxide waste to the gills.
Blood carries carbon dioxide, lactic acid, and other waste products away.
Blood carries cholesterol from the gut or the liver to the various tissues where it is needed.
Blood carries elements.
Blood carries energy to all the cells in the form of nutrients and oxygen.
Blood carries fresh oxygen.
Blood carries fuel to the brain and waste products away from the brain.
Blood carries glucose through the body.
Blood carries glucose.
Blood carries heat.
Blood carries hormones from the endocrine glands to their target cells.
Blood carries indispensable oxygen necessary to create new cells and begin healing.
Blood carries life.
Blood carries nourishment and infection fighting calls to the body.
Blood carries nutrients to the brain.
Blood carries nutrients.
Blood carries oxygen , waste products, and hormones from one place in the body to another.
Blood carries oxygen and glucose from digested food to individual cells.
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients throughout the body, making life possible.
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to all of the body.
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to and waste materials away from all body tissues.
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to body cells and carries wastes away.
Blood carries oxygen away from the lungs to every cell in the body where it is used for respiration.
Blood carries oxygen from the heart to all parts of the body.
Blood carries oxygen from the lungs to other organs.
Blood carries oxygen throughout the body.
Blood carries oxygen to the body through the arteries.
Blood carries oxygen to the body.
Blood carries oxygen to the brain.
Blood carries oxygen to the heart muscle.
Blood carries oxygen, water and food to all cells of the body.
Blood carries oxygen.
Blood carries oxygen.
Blood carries protein for use by cells throughout the body.
Blood carries substances.
Blood carries the oxygen and nutrients necessary to meet the entire body's needs.
Blood carries the sugar to the body's cells for energy.
Blood carries the sugar to the cells for energy.
Blood carries toxic waste.
Blood carries various substances.
Blood carries waste products to the kidneys via the renal artery.
Blood carries waste.
Blood carries white blood cells that destroy bacteria.
Blood carrying nutrients to the cells is pumped from the heart through the arteries to the legs.
Blood causes pressure.
Blood circulates around the alveoli through capillaries.
Blood circulates back to the lungs and the process repeats.
Blood circulates better and removes waste products more efficiently.
Blood circulates in two loops as it flows through the heart.
Blood circulates through the body by flowing down one leg and up the other.
Blood circulates through the body two to three times every minute.
Blood circulates through the body via a complex system of vessels.
Blood circulates through the intervillous spaces of the cotyledons.
Blood circulates throughout our bodies pumped along by the heart.
Blood circulates throughout the body in sixty seconds.
Blood cleanses honor.
Blood clots Blood clots can block or stem the blood flow, causing a heart attack.
Blood clotting The survival value of any mechanism that prevents the loss of blood is obvious.
Blood coagulates even more rapidly in the earthworm, for example, than in man.
Blood coating the outside of stool suggests a lesion in the anal canal.
Blood collects in the right and left atrium continuously.
Blood collects inside the skull, creating more pressure.
Blood collects under a nail AND becomes very painful.
Blood comes from hearts.
Blood comes from martyrs.
Blood comes from veins.
Blood comes in via arteries, and empties into veins which take it back to the heart.
Blood comes into compartments.
Blood comes into kidneys.
Blood comes into the heart through the atria and leaves through the ventricles.
Blood comes only from people - no other source is currently available.
Blood comes out from all pores of the skin.
Blood comes out from under it.
Blood comes to the skin.
Blood consists mainly of a watery liquid called plasma.
Blood consists mostly of red blood cells with a smaller number of white blood cells.
Blood consists of antigen.
Blood consists of blood cells, platelets, and plasma.
Blood consists of colorless fluid.
Blood consists of fluid.
Blood consists of formed elements transported in a fluid called plasma.
Blood consists of liquid plasma.
Blood consists of plasma and cells floating within it.
Blood consists of plasma, red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
Blood consists of plasma.
Blood consists of red and white blood cells, plasma, and platelets.
Blood contains a fluid matrix commonly called plasma.
Blood contains a soluble protein called fibrinogen .
Blood contains antibodies, nutrients, oxygen and much more to help the body work.
Blood contains antibodies.
Blood contains antifreeze proteins.
Blood contains blood.
Blood contains electrically charged ions.
Blood contains hemoglobins.
Blood contains iron, which stays in body after blood has been used up.
Blood contains irons.
Blood contains many life saving components which can help treat different illnesses and injuries.
Blood contains mg irons.
Blood contains oxygen.
Blood contains pigment hemoglobins.
Blood contains plasma.
Blood contains proteins.
Blood contains red and white blood cells and platelets which float in a liquid called plasma.
Blood contains red pigment hemoglobins.
Blood contains two types of cells - red and white.
Blood contains vital cells and substances that keep humans alive.
Blood contains water.
Blood continues to circulate during the process.
Blood continues to flow into the atria.
Blood continues to flow through the body via the heart-lung machine.
Blood continues to soak through the bandage.
Blood count to investigate anemia, infection.
Blood covers concrete.
Blood covers the icy wall behind a man who's been shot.
Blood covers the inside of the truck's windshield.
Blood cries out for blood.
Blood cultures no growth.
Blood cultures positive for streptococcus.
Blood degrades with time, resulting in changed signal characteristics.
Blood delivers life-sustaining oxygen to the body's cells.
Blood delivers nutrients to all of the body's cells and tissues.
Blood diffuses back into the heart and is pumped out to the body again.
Blood diseases Even the differences are illuminating.
Blood dissecting up around the great vessels can close off the carotids.
Blood distinguishes mortal self.
Blood distributes the nutrients to the body cells.
Blood does accumulate within the uterus because of the further development of the mucus plug.
Blood does flow quickly in the upper extremities.
Blood does mean something.
Blood does the same thing that it does when it senses a wound.
Blood donated by the community is available for use within the community.
Blood draining from the breast does so via the veins that run with the arteries mentioned above.
Blood draining from the intestine is filled with digested food substances for the liver to process.
Blood drains from the body by gravity and fills the 'bladder' or reservoir shown in the diagram.
Blood drains from the legs assisting removal of the waste products of an over-burdened muscle.
Blood drains in each.
Blood drains into the dialysis machine to be cleaned.
Blood draw or check swabs are two commonly used techniques to collect samples for DNA extractions.
Blood drawn at birth is preserved as drops dried onto paper cards.
Blood drawn from a victim is useless.
Blood drawn from an artery is blood leaving the lungs with a full load of oxygen.
Blood dries up to.
Blood dripping from posterior nasopharynx confirms a nasal source.
Blood Drives Giving blood is an easy way to help someone next door or someone across the country.
Blood Drives Several times each year electric distribution employees organize a blood drive.
Blood dyes the canvas as the phase whitens.
Blood engorges the tissues and the lips swell and become redder or darker.
Blood entering on the left is shunted into the anterior ones.
Blood entering on the right is shunted into the more posterior arches.
Blood entering systemic capillaries is bright red due to oxyhemoglobin.
Blood entering the heart first passes through the tricuspid valve and then the pulmonary valve.
Blood entering the nephron is filtered through a cluster of capillaries called the glomerulus.
Blood entering the right atrium is shunted to the left atrium across the foramen ovale.
Blood entering the testis is cooled by the venous blood leaving the testis.
Blood enters capillaries.
Blood enters central veins.
Blood enters chambers.
Blood enters heart ventricles.
Blood enters hearts.
Blood enters kidneys.
Blood enters lung capillaries.
Blood enters small veins.
Blood enters the area and engorges the tissue.
Blood enters the corpuscle via an afferent arteriole.
Blood enters the glomerulus under pressure.
Blood enters the heart through five pairs of ostia, each pair lead- ing into a chamber of the heart.
Blood enters the heart through pores in the side of the heart.
Blood enters the heart via the superior and the inferior vena cava.
Blood enters the heart via the vena cava into the right atrium.
Blood enters the kidney through the artery.
Blood enters the kidney via the renal artery at the hillus.
Blood enters the kidneys through the renal arteries.
Blood enters the kidneys through the renal artery and travels through branching arteries .
Blood enters the liver at the hepatic artery and hepatic portal vein.
Blood enters the lungs via the pulmonary arteries.
Blood enters the machine from veins that empty into the heart.
Blood enters the posterior vena cava from the capillaries of the abdominal organs and hind limbs.
Blood enters the right atrium through two large veins called vena cavae.
Blood enters the right atrium, the chamber on the upper right side of the heart.
Blood enters the tube through little openings called ostia , along the sides.
Blood enters through an inlet at the top of the cone and exits via an outlet at the base.
Blood enters tissue.
Blood enters veins.
Blood enters ventricles.
Blood erupts at high pressure in the brain or in tissue surrounding the brain.
Blood erupts at high pressure into the soft brain tissue or spaces surrounding the brain.
Blood eventually backs up into the lungs causing congestion.
Blood exiting the ventricle is diverted, some to the pulmonary circuit , some to systemic circuit .
Blood exits each ventricle through a semilunar valve.
Blood exits the retina through the central retinal vein.
Blood exits the tissues , travels toward the heart, and enters the right atrium .
Blood falls on the left thigh above the knee, but lower than the abdomen.
Blood fights against infection and helps heal wounds.
Blood fills sponge-like spaces in the penis and is trapped there, causing erection.
Blood fills the collection bag by gravity in a few minutes.
Blood fills the spaces of the eye and the patient goes temporarily blind.
Blood fills the vial.
Blood fills the whole cavity of the grasshoppers body and bathes all the organs and muscles.
Blood filters in, and reabsorption and secretion take place.
Blood flagellate .
Blood flies everywhere and even comically sprays across the camera.
Blood flies everywhere.
Blood floods the brain and the massive swelling cuts off the oxygen flow.
Blood flow out of the penis is blocked and the glans becomes swollen.
Blood flowing from the ventricles to the body or lungs leaves through the semilunar valves.
Blood flowing out of the heart slows, causing blood coming into the heart to back up in the veins.
Blood flowing through it has oxygen added and carbon dioxide removed.
Blood flowing through the lung picks up oxygen from the fresh air inhaled into it.
Blood flows afresh.
Blood flows and is pushed from the left atrium through the open valve into the left ventricle.
Blood flows anteriorly, from the sinus venosus to the bulbus cordis.
Blood flows back and back and back and back like a river from a secret source.
Blood flows back and back and back and back, Like a river from a secret source.
Blood flows back to the heart faster and the body is cooled quicker in the water than on land.
Blood flows continuously through the body in a closed system.
Blood flows differently in different people.
Blood flows directly from efferent arterioles into afferent arterioles.
Blood flows directly from interlobar arteries into arcuate arteries.
Blood flows directly from interlobular arteries into arcuate arteries.
Blood flows directly from the peritubular capillary plexus into arcuate arteries.
Blood flows directly from the vasa recta into afferent arterioles.
Blood flows down one leg and up the other leg.
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
Blood flows down one leg and up the the other.
Blood flows down the back of the mouth and throat even when the patient is sitting up or standing.
Blood flows from an area where there is higher pressure to an area where there is lower pressure.
Blood flows from aortas.
Blood flows from arteries into arterioles.
Blood flows from arteries to veins, and nutrition is sent through fine capillary vessels.
Blood flows from below the heart back up to it with less effort, resulting in a lowered heart rate.
Blood flows from capillaries into venules which eventually empty into larger thin-walled veins.
Blood flows from dorsal aortas.
Blood flows from general circulation through renal arteries to the glomerular capillaries.
Blood flows from heart to lungs , where it exchanges carbon dioxide for oxygen.
Blood flows from hearts.
Blood flows from realistic wounds, the knees are skinned, and the legs have lesions.
Blood flows from the atrium into the ventricle through a valve.
Blood flows from the body into the right atrium.
Blood flows from the heart through arteries.
Blood flows from the hearts through the tissues and picks up the carbon dioxide inside the body.
Blood flows from the intestines and directly goes to the liver through the portal vein system.
Blood flows from the lungs, where it picks up oxygen, and into the heart through the mitral valve.
Blood flows from the placenta through the umbilical vein to the fetus.
Blood flows from the spinal needle.
Blood flows from the vein through the needle and is collected in a syringe or vial.
Blood flows from the vein through the needle and is collected into a syringe or vial.
Blood flows from the vein through the needle, and is collected in a syringe or vial.
Blood flows from the vein through the needle.
Blood flows from the vessel through the tubing to the collection bag.
Blood flows from the wound.
Blood flows in all of the aortic arches and through the subclavian loop.
Blood flows in capillaries.
Blood flows in dorsal vessels.
Blood flows in from the periphery and leaves via the central vein.
Blood flows in one direction through the four chambers with the aid of the four heart valves.
Blood flows in only one direction.
Blood flows in streams.
Blood flows in the path of least resistance.
Blood flows in the rebellious town.
Blood flows in the street.
Blood flows in vessels.
Blood flows into arteries.
Blood flows into body cavities.
Blood flows into capillaries.
Blood flows into cavities.
Blood flows into heads.
Blood flows into the corpora faster than it can escape, and engorgement occurs.
Blood flows into the dialyzer for cleansing and is then returned to the patient via that vein.
Blood flows into the left atrium from the pulmonary veins and then into the left ventricle.
Blood flows into the lungs from around the body.
Blood flows into the pulmonary artery .
Blood flows into the syringe once the needle is put into the artery.
Blood flows liberally.
Blood flows like water.
Blood flows more freely providing a higher quality blood specimen.
Blood flows mostly freely in the open spaces of the grasshopper.
Blood flows on all sides.
Blood flows one way through the valve.
Blood flows out from the heart through the aorta, which is the largest artery in the body.
Blood flows out of hearts.
Blood flows out of the cavernous spaces of the penis.
Blood flows out of the sinusoids via the hepatic veins, which drain into the inferior vena cava.
Blood flows out the aorta to feed the systemic circulation.
Blood flows slowest through the capillaries.
Blood flows slowly in the legs, allowing it to form clots.
Blood flows smoothly past the pressure cuff.
Blood flows through a capillary bed in the opposite direction to the flow of water.
Blood flows through arteries.
Blood flows through blood vessels.
Blood flows through capillaries.
Blood flows through cardinal veins.
Blood flows through channels.
Blood flows through dorsal vessels.
Blood flows through glomeruluses.
Blood flows through hearts.
Blood flows through kidneys.
Blood flows through large tissue spaces or blood channels in the tissues.
Blood flows through layers.
Blood flows through posterior cardinal veins.
Blood flows through posterior veins.
Blood flows through small capillaries within the dermis layer of the skin.
Blood flows through specially designed tubing, away from the patient s heart and into the pumps.
Blood flows through the arteries in the body, supplying nutrition to all the body's cells.
Blood flows through the body in an endless, figure-eight loop.
Blood flows through the donor vessel, around the point of blockage in the diseased artery.
Blood flows through the graft, and the shell of the aneurysm eventually shrinks.
Blood flows through the heart from veins to atria to ventricles out by arteries.
Blood flows through the inside of the hollow membranes.
Blood flows through the kidneys.
Blood flows through the lamellae in the direction opposite to the flow of water over the lamellae.
Blood flows through the left atrium into the left ventricle.
Blood flows through the liver sinusoids and empties into the central vein of each lobule.
Blood flows through the lungs carrying wastes.
Blood flows through the needle and is collected in a syringe or vial.
Blood flows through the pig heart in the same manner as through a human's.
Blood flows through the right atrium into the right ventricle.
Blood flows through the streets of our ghettos, oftentimes reaching our more tranquil suburbs.
Blood flows through there at a very high rate.
Blood flows through tissue.
Blood flows through valves.
Blood flows through veins.
Blood flows through vessels.
Blood flows throughout the body in a cycle.
Blood flows throughout the body, and in doing so it carries oxygen to every cell in the body.
Blood flows to all injection points simultaneously from a single fluid bag.
Blood flows to different organs.
Blood flows to extremities.
Blood flows to hearts.
Blood flows to lungs.
Blood flows to muscles.
Blood flows to organs.
Blood flows to provide vital oxygen and nutrients to all the cells.
Blood flows to the brain through tubes called arteries.
Blood flows to the lungs via branches of the pulmonary artery .
Blood flows to the penis by two very small arteries that come from the Aorta.
Blood flows to the shoulders and arms through the right and left subclavian arteries.
Blood flows to the viscera, organs and tissues, for growth and metabolism.
Blood flows up through the valve from the left ventricle, pushing the cusps out of the way.
Blood flows, buildings burn.
Blood flows, heads are sliced from shoulders.
Blood flows, lymphatics drain, cerebral spinal fluid fluctuates.
Blood flows, poison and wine, A sword rings, and money.
Blood flows, Red to rivers, from hearts to men's souls.
Blood flows, they grin.
Blood flukes are parasites of terrestrial vertebrates, including man, throughout Africa and Asia.
Blood flukes inhabit the blood in some stages of their life cycle .
Blood flukes inhabit the blood in some stages of their life cycle.
Blood flukes, Schistosoma, are important human pathogens in some parts of the world.
Blood gets thicker after bleeding for a few minutes.
Blood gets thicker and is more likely to form clots.
Blood gives some fluid to cells, so blood consistency changes.
Blood goes all over the place.
Blood goes back to lab for first analysis.
Blood goes back to the heart.
Blood goes from the heart to the lungs where it picks up oxygen.
Blood goes from the truncus both to the body and to the lung arteries.
Blood goes into veins.
Blood goes through arteries.
Blood goes through pulmonary veins.
Blood goes through small veins.
Blood goes through veins.
Blood goes to brains.
Blood goes to the wound to coagulate and heal it.
Blood going away from the heart is carried in arteries .
Blood going away from the heart is carried in arteries.
Blood going to the heart is carried in veins .
Blood going to the heart is carried in veins.
Blood going towards the heart is carried through veins.
Blood gushing from the face and chest of a dying inmate is repugnant to the conscience of mankind.
Blood has (part) blood cells.
Blood has (part) cell membranes.
Blood has (part) cytoplasm.
Blood has (part) nuclei.
Blood has (part) plasma membranes.
Blood has (part) sections.
Blood has (part) vacuoles.
Blood has a hard time flowing through.
Blood has a variable appearance, depending on whether it is hyperacute, acute, subacute, or chronic.
Blood has a voice and cries out for vengeance.
Blood has additional haemoglobin.
Blood has cells within called Platelets or thrombocytes.
Blood has components.
Blood has concentration.
Blood has diagnoses.
Blood has different pigment.
Blood has features.
Blood has functions.
Blood has heal properties.
Blood has hemoglobin, which includes iron.
Blood has hemoglobins.
Blood has high concentration.
Blood has less waste.
Blood has magical heal properties.
Blood has magical properties.
Blood has many functions.
Blood has oxygen.
Blood has pigment.
Blood has properties.
Blood has proteins.
Blood has red blood cells and white blood cells.
Blood has respiratory pigment.
Blood has substances.
Blood has the same temperature throughout the vasacular system.
Blood has the soul in itself, there is no animate life without blood.
Blood has three main functions.
Blood has two main constituents.
Blood has types.
Blood has unusual features.
Blood has values.
Blood has waste.
Blood has water.
Blood hemorrhages from the salivary glands.
Blood holds the truth.
Blood however is only good for a short time.
Blood increases in the brain, heart lungs and external muscles.
Blood is a big expense.
Blood is a body fluid that is a type of connective tissue.
Blood is a cherry-red color at the time of death.
Blood is a connective tissue and it carries and delivers oxygen and nutrient to tissues.
Blood is a connective tissue in which a fluid matrix called plasma separates cells.
Blood is a connective tissue in which the intercellular matrix, the plasma, is a liquid.
Blood is a connective tissue.
Blood is a constant.
Blood is a fluid carried through the body in tubes called arteries, veins, and capillaries.
Blood is a fluid tissue containing cellular elements that are derived from mesoderm.
Blood is a fluid with amazing properties.
Blood is a fluid, and fluids reflect a lower value echo.
Blood is a fragile substance.
Blood is a good conductor of heat.
Blood is a good example of a heterogeneous mixture.
Blood is a good thing unlike math.
Blood is a great gatherer of evil spirits.
Blood is a great gatherer of 'super-naturals'.
Blood is a heavy, cold, shining color.
Blood is a life giving fluid - a gift given by one person to another.
Blood is a liquid organ.
Blood is a liquid.
Blood is a living tissue and it dies if separated from the body.
Blood is a living tissue composed of blood cells suspended in plasma.
Blood is a major component of liver absorption.
Blood is a mixture of red cells, white cells, plasma, platelets, water and more.
Blood is a much more satisfactory medium, but the concentrations of drug are much smaller.
Blood is a peculiar sort of juice.
Blood is a perishable commodity and the supply needs to constantly be replenished.
Blood is a perishable item.
Blood is a poor specimen for bacteriologic culture for other than anthrax diagnosis.
Blood is a potent substance carrying powerful and varied meanings.
Blood is a precious and limited resource.
Blood is a precious human resource for which there is no substitute.
Blood is a precious resource for which there is no substitute.
Blood is a priceless gift that saves lives.
Blood is a recurring visitor to the film.
Blood is a red coloured liquid that circulates in our body.
Blood is a short film that gets in the face of menstruation.
Blood is a significantly different fluid.
Blood is a source of life and healing.
Blood is a strength giver, no doubt.
Blood is a symbol of life and and is being used as a metaphor .
Blood is a symbol of life.
Blood is a transport system.
Blood is a transportation medium.
Blood is a type of specialized connective tissue.
Blood is a very special fluid.
Blood is a very special juice.
Blood is a word used for the liquid contained within a closed circulatory system.
Blood is able to flow freely and is sucked up the proboscis.
Blood is able to flow through the implant, cutting off the supply of blood to the aneurysm.
Blood is able to work as an antennae for wide range of photon energy.
Blood is academic journals.
Blood is almost an embarrassment.
Blood is also in high demand heading into the new millennium.
Blood is also possibly present as it leaks from damaged vessels.
Blood is also replaceable.
Blood is also slightly heavier than water.
Blood is also the delivery vehicle for oxygen levels.
Blood is also the material foundation for mental activities.
Blood is also the medium of transport throughout the body.
Blood is among the deepest, most personal of all materials in Chinese medicine.
Blood is an amazing commodity.
Blood is an amazing substance.
Blood is an awful word for one who reveres the ancient writings, and yet has no sacrifice.
Blood is an awkward material to make a living from.
Blood is an electrolyte and removes toxins by polarity.
Blood is an essential substance that can come only from another human being.
Blood is an example of a. epithelial tissue.
Blood is an example of connective tissue.
Blood is an extremely strong source of human odor.
Blood is an important part of our body.
Blood is an important substance.
Blood is an inevitable result of gun shot wounds.
Blood is an organ essential for human life.
Blood is anechoic.
Blood is animes.
Blood is associated with life.
Blood is available to any patient who needs it.
Blood is believed to control the hot or cold state of the body.
Blood is big business.
Blood is blood.
Blood is body parts.
Blood is bright red only after it leaves the lungs where it picks up oxygen.
Blood is brought into the heart by veins and carried away by arteries.
Blood is broughto to the kidneys via the renal artiers.
Blood is carried back to the heart in blood vessels called veins.
Blood is carried from the arteries to what is called arterioles.
Blood is carried from the heart to the body s tissue and organs through the arteries.
Blood is carried from the heart to the body's tissue and organs through the arteries.
Blood is carried from the heart to the lungs via different blood vessels called pulmonary arteries.
Blood is carried in blood vessels .
Blood is carried in blood vessels.
Blood is carried through the heptic artery.
Blood is carried throughout the body by arteries.
Blood is carried throughout the body within a network of blood vessels.
Blood is carried to all parts of the fetus through systemic arteries that branch off the aorta.
Blood is carried to the heart in vessels called veins.
Blood is carried when needed.
Blood is centrifuged to remove cellular components .
Blood is centrifuged to remove cellular components.
Blood is checked for healthy levels of blood sugar, cholesterol and other nutrients.
Blood is circulated around the body through blood vessels by the pumping action of the heart.
Blood is circulated inside a tube-shaped dialyzing membrane.
Blood is circulated through blood vessels by pumping action of the heart.
Blood is circulated through the heart once during a gas- exchange cycle.
Blood is circulated through the lungs where carbon dioxide is removed and oxygen added.
Blood is circulated through the nasal passages first to cool it off, then it goes to the brain.
Blood is collected and placed into a vial.
Blood is collected and processed by our skilled Animal and Laboratory technicians.
Blood is collected and sera is analyzed see below.
Blood is collected and stored in sterile bags.
Blood is collected as whole blood.
Blood is collected directly from the umbilical cord immediately after delivery.
Blood is collected early the next morning.
Blood is collected from a clipped toenail or directly from a vein.
Blood is collected from healthy volunteer donors.
Blood is collected from the blood vessel bellow the eye region using a pastuer pipette.
Blood is collected into a capillary pipette.
Blood is collected into a capillary tube.
Blood is collected under painless and calm condition.
Blood is collected using a syringe treated with heparin.
Blood is collected, dried on a postcard, and sent off for analysis called tandem mass spectrometry.
Blood is collected, processed and then re-used within the patient.
Blood is composed mainly of plasma, which is mostly water.
Blood is composed of a liquid portion called plasma and formed elements called blood cells.
Blood is composed of a mixture of cells, suspended in a fluid called plasma.
Blood is composed of plasma and formed elements.
Blood is composed of plasma, blood cells and platelets.
Blood is composed of plasma, red and white blood cells, and platelets.
Blood is composed of plasma, red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
Blood is composed of red blood cells, plasma and platelets.
Blood is composed of several different types of cells and proteins.
Blood is composed of two major constituents.
Blood is confined to vessels a.
Blood is considered to be a rapid half time tissue.
Blood is considered to be a. nervous tissue c. muscle tissie b.
Blood is constantly on the move.
Blood is critical to the proper development of their eggs.
Blood is dark red and flows in a steady stream.
Blood is definitely thick.
Blood is delivered to the heart muscle through the coronary arteries.
Blood is delivered to the legs through arteries and returns to the heart through veins.
Blood is dispositions.
Blood is distinct from interstitial fluid.
Blood is diverted from the horse's hooves causing the death of living tissue.
Blood is diverted from the neck and back to vital organs preparing for battle one that never comes.
Blood is divertedaround the liver without undergoing hepatic detoxification.
Blood is divided into types for the purposes of matching blood from the donor to the recipient.
Blood is donated by dedicated volunteers.
Blood is drained from a limb by elevating it until the skin pales.
Blood is drawn and checked for venereal disease.
Blood is drawn and collected in a tube, which is then sent to a laboratory for testing.
Blood is drawn and tests conducted to diagnose encephalitis.
Blood is drawn at intervals following ingestion of a sugary substance.
Blood is drawn at most visits.
Blood is drawn at one hour, two hours and three hours to check glucose levels.
Blood is drawn at set intervals and glucose is measured.
Blood is drawn by gloved phlebotomists using only sterile, disposable needles and supplies.
Blood is drawn from a vein, usually on the inside of the elbow.
Blood is drawn from all horses to check for disease.
Blood is drawn from the children at three to six month intervals.
Blood is drawn from the donor and into the system by the inlet pump during the collection process.
Blood is drawn from the donor animal into a sterile receptacle.
Blood is drawn from the necks of the cattle, coagulated and roasted.
Blood is drawn from the patient and disposed of.
Blood is drawn into plastic syringes and placed inside metal free tubes.
Blood is drawn no longer.
Blood is drawn once a month to monitor the effects of treatment and drug side effects.
Blood is drawn.
Blood is dropped onto a filter paper postcard and sent to the laboratory.
Blood is eighty percent water.
Blood is enclosed in vessels throughout the body and carries oxygen to the body tissues.
Blood is energy for the energy feeder.
Blood is essential for life.
Blood is essential in the treatment of many illnesses and injuries.
Blood is essential to life.
Blood is essential.
Blood is even necessary for a transplant.
Blood is everything.
Blood is everywhere in our past.
Blood is everywhere, from start to finish.
Blood is everywhere.
Blood is extracted and shipped to labs and then the crabs are released.
Blood is far more complex and has far more to do with life than science ever imagined.
Blood is filtered at the kidneys and liver .
Blood is filtered by kidneys.
Blood is filtered in the kidney.
Blood is filtrated in the corpuscle, removing most of the water and smaller solutes.
Blood is fire Blood and breath.
Blood is fluid connective tissue moving throughout body in arteries, veins, and capillaries.
Blood is for cleansing and life.
Blood is for life.
Blood is forbidden to be consumed.
Blood is forced from the atrium into the ventricle.
Blood is forced into the foot so that the tip of the foot dilates and forms a pedal anchor.
Blood is forced through the arteries in waves called a pulse.
Blood is forced through the flexible membranes which form the valves.
Blood is formed from essence, including the essence of food and essence of the kidney.
Blood is formed in bone marrow, circulates throughout body, and is broken down in liver.
Blood is formed in the bone marrow.
Blood is found on the wall, and a recording is heard in Latin.
Blood is fresh for only forty-eight hours.
Blood is gang.
Blood is gathered into the heart, blood is expelled from the heart, over and over.
Blood is generally an inhospitable environment for microbes.
Blood is given to replace what is lost.
Blood is good to give.
Blood is good.
Blood is gushing.
Blood is hard to get out of carpet.
Blood is hard to get out of khakis.
Blood is harder to wash than mud.
Blood is heavy in nature and descends normally.
Blood is human tissue, a biological product, so it carries a degree of risk.
Blood is humour
Blood is imaged in red.
Blood is in constant demand around the world.
Blood is in our minds so much because it's so important.
Blood is in short supply.
Blood is in the air.
Blood is in the urine.
Blood is indeed something special.
Blood is jolly, red.
Blood is just a major headache to deal with.
Blood is kept flowing to the brain throughout the procedure with the use of a shunt.
Blood is kinda like snot.
Blood is Life .
Blood is life energy.
Blood is life.
Blood is like the paint streaming silently inside, swelling upon waves rocked by aortic shudders.
Blood is like wine unconscious all the time.
Blood is liquids.
Blood is located in animals.
Blood is located in arteries.
Blood is located in capillaries.
Blood is located in hospitals.
Blood is located in people.
Blood is located in veins.
Blood is located in war.
Blood is love.
Blood is made into fertilizer or used to fill out pet food.
Blood is made mostly in bone marrow.
Blood is made up of a liquid portion plus all the various blood cells.
Blood is made up of both cellular and liquid components.
Blood is made up of four parts.
Blood is made-up of plasma, red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets.
Blood is manufactured by bone marrow.
Blood is more important to the poem than to the novel.
Blood is more prone to clotting.
Blood is more visible on a white pouch therefore preventing an accidental exposure.
Blood is mostly water.
Blood is moved along the dorsal vessel by waves of contraction in the wall of the vessel.
Blood is moved by the pumping of the heart and carries oxygen to the tissues .
Blood is moved by the pumping of the heart and carries oxygen to the tissues.
Blood is necessary for egg development following mating.
Blood is necessary for the adult flea to reproduce.
Blood is needed badly.
Blood is needed by many people.
Blood is needed by someone every two seconds.
Blood is needed everyday, around the clock and in communities all across the country.
Blood is needed everywhere.
Blood is needed for emergencies, but also for people with cancer, leukemia and blood disorders.
Blood is needed for emergencies, but also for people with cancer, leukemia, and blood disorders.
Blood is needed for patients undergoing aggressive chemotherapy.
Blood is needed on a constant basis in Connecticut.
Blood is needed to nourish any body structure, to support growth and maintain integrity of tissues.
Blood is needed.
Blood is never ordinary.
Blood is non-reactive to the test procedure accomplished in the laboratory.
Blood is normally a bluish color, but turns red when oxygen is present.
Blood is nothing.
Blood is now safe, thanks to improved collection and screening by blood banks.
Blood is now white.
Blood is nowhere near as thick.
Blood is obtained for laboratory testing.
Blood is of slightly higher specific gravity in men than in women.
Blood is often demonstrable in the excreta.
Blood is often drunk mixed with milk or with honey.
Blood is on their hands, instruments, and the patient's leg.
Blood is one of the body fluids that has been used in art.
Blood is one of Tibet's favorite things.
Blood is only of value as it flows before thine altar.
Blood is our life.
Blood is oxygenated in gills, then travels to capillaries of body.
Blood is part of bodies.
Blood is part of the sport.
Blood is passed over a large surface area to absorb oxygen.
Blood is passed through the dialyzer, cleansed, and then returned to the body.
Blood is passion and the medium of life.
Blood is people.
Blood is perishable.
Blood is physical evidence.
Blood is placed on slides with antigens that bind with the antibody being tested.
Blood is poured on blood.
Blood is present in the dissection space created in the media of the artery.
Blood is present in the lumen.
Blood is pretty complex.
Blood is produced in the spleen and spinal bone marrow.
Blood is projected back towards the shooter through the entry wound.
Blood is pulsed through the body.
Blood is pumped around the body by a heart .
Blood is pumped around the body by a short tubular heart.
Blood is pumped away from the heart through arteries and returns to the heart through veins.
Blood is pumped by a heart into the body cavities, where tissues are surrounded by the blood.
Blood is pumped by the heart and circulated throughout the body through the blood vessels.
Blood is pumped by the heart into blood vessels called arteries.
Blood is pumped by the heart through vessels to bring oxygen and nutrients to the body.
Blood is pumped by the heart to the lungs to be purified.
Blood is pumped from chamber to chamber with the aid of the heart valves.
Blood is pumped from the arm to a dialysis machine.
Blood is pumped from the heart through large blood vessels to the kidneys.
Blood is pumped from the heart to the lungs.
Blood is pumped from the right side to the lungs via the pulmonary arterial system.
Blood is pumped from the right side to the lungs, where waste gases are removed and oxygen added.
Blood is pumped in the bottom end, through thousands of tiny little tubes, and out the top.
Blood is pumped into the foot, causing it to swell and thus forming an anchor.
Blood is pumped out of the heart through the large artery known as the aorta.
Blood is pumped past the last valve of the heart, the aortic valve, into the aorta.
Blood is pumped through arteries and veins to various parts of the body.
Blood is pumped through the chambers with the help of four heart valves.
Blood is pumped through the chambers, aided by four heart valves.
Blood is pumped through the umbilical cord and placenta for waste excretion and oxygen exchange.
Blood is pumped through vessels by five pairs of aortic arches, or hearts.
Blood is pumped to the extremities and quickly cooled.
Blood is pumped with each contraction of the two ventricles, or lower chambers of the heart.
Blood is pushed through man's veins just as the water coursed through the rocks.
Blood is pushed through the organism by the heart , and brings nutrients and oxygen to our tissues .
Blood is pushed through the organism by the heart, and brings nutrients and oxygen to our tissues.
Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass .
Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass.
Blood is quickly perishable, requiring refrigeration within one week of collection.
Blood is rapidly ejected into the arteries and ventricular volume falls.
Blood is red because it contains hemoglobin and iron rich pigment.
Blood is red due to hemoglobin.
Blood is red only in the arteries after it has left the heart and is full of oxygen.
Blood is red.
Blood is rejected if it fails to pass all of the tests.
Blood is removed from and returned to the body at the same time.
Blood is removed from the donor and the stem cells are separated from other blood cells.
Blood is removed from the right atrium and returned to the main pulmonary artery.
Blood is replaced with a spiritual fluid at ressurection.
Blood is reported as being a pale yellow or whitish substance.
Blood is returned from the body wall to the lateral-neural trunks.
Blood is returned from the lungs via the pulmonary veins.
Blood is returned to the heart at a leisurely rate.
Blood is returned to the left atrium via the pulmonary vein.
Blood is rich in proteins .
Blood is rich in proteins.
Blood is rich with symbolic meanings.
Blood is said to nourish the skin in Chinese medicine.
Blood is sampled at the start of dialysis and at the end.
Blood is scooped out and all four quadrants of the abdomen sequentially explored and packed.
Blood is screened for different diseases and cholesterol levels.
Blood is seen entering the glass tube.
Blood is seen in the eyeball.
Blood is seen on a corpse's chest.
Blood is seen on a floor.
Blood is seen on a man's chest.
Blood is seen on a man's face.
Blood is seen on a man's torso.
Blood is seen on a sidewalk due to gunfire and on a woman's arm, a man's mouth and face.
Blood is sent to a laboratory and results are available a week later.
Blood is separated into different components.
Blood is sex, they say.
Blood is shared with others, only after local needs are met.
Blood is shed, but it is a life giving flow of blood.
Blood is shown coming from people's eyes and noses.
Blood is shown in a vial during a medical exam.
Blood is shunted from poorly insulated areas to well insulated areas.
Blood is shunted from the surface of the tail, thereby minimizing heat loss.
Blood is slick stuff, mop it up before someone gets killed.
Blood is slightly alkaline.
Blood is smeared all over the faces of two people.
Blood is smeared on walls.
Blood is so beautiful.
Blood is so eager to get out.
Blood is so important to life that the body constantly makes new blood.
Blood is so vital as it transports oxygen nutrients and removes waste products.
Blood is somewhat viscous and slightly heavier than water.
Blood is spattered over the floor.
Blood is species specific-dogs can receive only dog blood and cats can receive only cat blood.
Blood is spilled.
Blood is splattered across the face of the older lion, who seems surprised at the attack.
Blood is splattered throughout a room.
Blood is strangely compelling, intelligent, dangerous music full of mystery, madness and compassion.
Blood is sucked into the mouth through the other.
Blood is sucked upinto the stomach by the cibarial and pharyngeal pumps in the head.
Blood is supplied to the glands by two major arterial supplies.
Blood is supplied to the spleen by a large artery that branches extensively within the organ.
Blood is sweet.
Blood is taken at the doctor's office through a finger stick.
Blood is taken for osmolality at intervals during the test.
Blood is taken from a jugular vein, a large vein in the neck.
Blood is taken from an artery in the wrist, elbow, or groin.
Blood is taken from the affected individual to obtain cells with DNA carrying the faulty gene.
Blood is taken out of the baby's body and replaced with a simple fluid.
Blood is taken, sent to a laboratory, and examined for substances related to causes of incontinence.
Blood is tested for evidence of syphilis infection.
Blood is tested for evidence of transmissible disease.
Blood is tested for glucose, growth hormone, cortisol, and prolactin.
Blood is tested regularly to monitor the levels of anticonvulsants.
Blood is tested to match six antigens.
Blood is that sticky, red fluid that circulates throughout our bodies in veins and arteries.
Blood is the best and persons can acquire through sex, parenteral drug usage or transfusions.
Blood is the best colloid in severe haemorrhagic shock.
Blood is the body's delivery system.
Blood is the carrier of oxygen to all the vital organs of the body.
Blood is the chief means of transport within the body.
Blood is the cleansing agent, and water is the flushing agent.
Blood is the dynamic, mobile, flowing substance that flows through the whole body.
Blood is the elixir of life.
Blood is the fluid of life.
Blood is the juice of life.
Blood is the largest depository for iron.
Blood is the life and blood carries the family genes.
Blood is the life stream literally for the healing process.
Blood is the link between the body and the nefesh -the life force of the body.
Blood is the living river of life that is sacred to our existence.
Blood is the medium that transports oxygen from the respiratory system to the body's cells.
Blood is the mixture which life depends upon.
Blood is the most common due to ease of collection and ease of DNA extraction.
Blood is the most common source of infection.
Blood is the most important of our immunity system.
Blood is the most significant transmission source.
Blood is the mother of energy.
Blood is the natural concomitant of death.
Blood is the nector that hosts both life and death.
Blood is the nourishing and structural component.
Blood is the oldest family value, the oldest responsibility and burden.
Blood is the only body fluid that can carry bloodborne diseases.
Blood is the only price adequate to cover payment for sin.
Blood is the only source of nourishment.
Blood is the preferred sample.
Blood is the preferred specimen for measuring acute or recent exposure to the aromatic solvents.
Blood is the preferred specimen for measuring acute or recent exposure.
Blood is the preferred specimen for measuring an acute or recent exposure.
Blood is the preferred specimen, but other tissues can be used.
Blood is the price of liberty.
Blood is the seat of life.
Blood is the sign of death.
Blood is the sign of life energy and flow.
Blood is the substance that contains the life force of living things.
Blood is the vehicle of egoic control of the physical body.
Blood is the vehicle used by our bodies to transport nutrients and wastes.
Blood is the vital substance.
Blood is therefore the channel of life.
Blood is thick with hemoglobin, carrier of oxygen.
Blood is thick.
Blood is thicker than fluids.
Blood is thicker than the sport of volleyball.
Blood is thicker than water - characters involved in family loyalties.
Blood is thicker than water .
Blood is thicker than water and thicker than objectivity.
Blood is thicker than water, and all that.
Blood is thicker than water, and it's certainly more corrupt.
Blood is thicker than water, and much greener.
Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
Blood is thicker than water, and tastier.
Blood is thicker than water, but schmaltz can clog the arteries.
Blood is thicker than water, lady.
Blood is thicker than water, meaning family relationships have powerful influences.
Blood is thicker than water.
Blood IS thicker than water.
Blood is thicker that water.
Blood is thicker when it is lacking in water and the heart has to work harder.
Blood is thinner than kindness.
Blood is thrown from one end of the screen to the other.
Blood is to be promptly and thoroughly cleaned from mats, gis, etc.
Blood is transfused through a vein.
Blood is transported through our veins.
Blood is transported through the body via the circulatory system.
Blood is transported through the muscles by embedded capillaries.
Blood is transported via arteries, veins and capillaries.
Blood is trapped between the clear conjunctival tissue and the white scleral tissue below.
Blood is trapped in the penile chambers by valves.
Blood is trapped in the spongy tissue of the corpora.
Blood is unique and interesting as a character and as an agent.
Blood is unkosher because it symbolises life.
Blood is used as a metaphor for life.
Blood is used as cold cream in some subcultures.
Blood is used in antiquity to seal a contract.
Blood is used in mass quantities and displayed very realistically.
Blood is used in sexual play.
Blood is used to move fuel and oxygen to all of the brain cells.
Blood is used to treat many different patients.
Blood is usually the preferred test sample because it transports nutrients to all parts of the body.
Blood is very convincing.
Blood is very rich in protein and is good for the immune system.
Blood is video games.
Blood is visible on scarf's right tail.
Blood is visible.
Blood is vital for life of every tissue in the body.
Blood is vital for life.
Blood is vital to brain cells, because it bears oxygen and glucose.
Blood is vital to human life, and for it there is no substitute.
Blood is warmed as it passes by the heat-generating tissues in the body's core.
Blood is warmed as it passes through the heart and lungs, and cooled at the body surface.
Blood is what causes an erection in men and excites the clitoris in women.
Blood is what pumps up the erection.
Blood is wholesome.
Blood is withdrawn from one arm and circulated through the machine which separates the stem cells.
Blood is withdrawn from the patient as for a blood donation.
Blood is, after all, a liquid organ, and a blood transfusion is an organ transplant .
Blood is, in effect, made the crux of selection.
Blood isa substance.
Blood islands first form in the yolk and then become contiguous to form a network of vessels.
Blood knows no national boundaries.
Blood lactate accumulation in top level swimmers following competition.
Blood lasts twice as long in vinyl than in alternative containers.
Blood leaks from damaged blood vessels, seeping into the surrounding body tissues.
Blood leaks from every orifice and into the intestines, lungs, stomach, eyes, and beneath the skin.
Blood leaks into the lining of the artery, reducing the amount of blood that reaches the brain.
Blood leaves the left ventricle via the aortic valve .
Blood leaves the liver through the hepatic vein.
Blood leaves the renal veins and returns to general circulation.
Blood leaves ventricles.
Blood leaves vessels and bathes tissues in sinuses.
Blood leaving the heart enters arteries.
Blood literally feeds and nourishes every cell within our bodies.
Blood looks alot like salsa.
Blood looks remarkably like tomato paste.
Blood looks so fake.
Blood lurks at the very heart of religion.
Blood lusting meat addicts crave their drug of choice just like any other substance abusing addict.
Blood maintains harmony by carrying oxygen and nutrients and by removing wastes.
Blood makes atonement.
Blood makes poor mortar.
Blood makes the vampire stronger and quicker.
Blood means human blood, human blood components, and products made from human blood.
Blood means life.
Blood means taking life.
Blood mixed with saliva makes the bleeding look worse than it actually is.
Blood mixes with the snow.
Blood moves centrally through the sinusoids toward the central vein.
Blood moves easily, and blood pressure falls.
Blood moves from a renal artery to capillaries in the cuplike structure.
Blood moves from the left ventricle to the right.
Blood moves from the stomach into the skeletal muscles.
Blood moves from the tissues in the giraffe's lower body up into the head.
Blood moves into atriums.
Blood moves into veins.
Blood moves more slowly through narrowed arteries.
Blood moves slowly and with very little pressure in veins.
Blood moves through blood vessels.
Blood moves through capillaries.
Blood moves through each side of the heart systematically.
Blood moves through tiny blood vessels.
Blood moves through tiny vessels.
Blood moves through veins because of the skeletal muscle movement.
Blood moves through vessels.
Blood moves within blood vessels.
Blood moving from the heart, delivers oxygen and nutrients to every part of the body.
Blood moving through a vessel is an example of bulk flow.
Blood nearest the central vein is oxygen-poor.
Blood needs to be cooked indirectly from time to time.
Blood needs to be pumped through the blood vessels by a pumping organ known as the heart.
Blood needs to remain fluid in our bodies.
Blood normally contains several factors that enable clotting to occur.
Blood nourishes the heart through the right and left coronary arteries.
Blood now gushes from bullet holes, leaving a trail behind injured players.
Blood occupies less than one-third of the anterior chamber volume.
Blood only goes so far.
Blood only knows itself.
Blood oozes from the mouth.
Blood oozes from the old man's nose and mouth.
Blood oozes from the open wound.
Blood oozes from the wound.
Blood oozes out from under the door.
Blood oozes with swift authority.
Blood oranges on their own are pretty interesting.
Blood passes from hearts.
Blood passes from the atria into the ventricles through two processes.
Blood passes from the left atrium through the mitral valve to the left ventricle.
Blood passes from ventricles.
Blood passes into right ventricles.
Blood passes into ventricles.
Blood passes on one side of the filter.
Blood passes through arteries.
Blood passes through blood veins.
Blood passes through blood vessels.
Blood passes through capillaries.
Blood passes through glomeruluses.
Blood passes through hearts.
Blood passes through kidneys.
Blood passes through leave ventricles.
Blood passes through lungs.
Blood passes through nephrons.
Blood passes through pulmonary arteries.
Blood passes through small veins.
Blood passes through the capillaries.
Blood passes through the kidneys during renal circulation and is filtered.
Blood passes through the spleen, which has a concentration of lymphocytes to attack intruders.
Blood passes through valves.
Blood passes through vein arteries.
Blood passes through veins.
Blood passes through ventricles.
Blood passes through vessels.
Blood passing to any part of the body passes through the femoral artery.
Blood picks up oxygen from the lungs and flows directly to the heart.
Blood picks up the nutrients from the villi.
Blood plays a key role in the lives of the people who inhabit a planet locked in perpetual winter.
Blood plays many roles in preserving tissue homeostasis in addition to the delivery of oxygen.
Blood plays several roles in inflammation.
Blood plays the role of the carrier of substances.
Blood pours like a little waterfall from a fur mountain.
Blood pours out of a person's mouth.
Blood pours out of the animal immediately, and the animal dies instantaneously.
Blood pours out of the female figure, then a close-up of a distorted mouth.
Blood pours out, beneath the smoke.
Blood pours out.
Blood prevents body fluid loss through clotting.
Blood produces waste.
Blood provides much of the eye with nourishment, including oxygen, and removes wastes from it.
Blood provides nutrients.
Blood pumped by the avian heart enters the blood vessels.
Blood pumping from the heart goes through the arteries.
Blood pumping into the veins of the wings causes the wings to unfold.
Blood pumping through it stretches the weakened wall of the artery often creating a bulge.
Blood pumps through the main vessels.
Blood pushes against the walls of the arteries.
Blood puts pressure on the surrounding brain tissue, causing damage.
Blood reaches hearts.
Blood reaches major organs.
Blood reaches organs.
Blood reaches the kidneys through the renal arteries.
Blood reacts to light.
Blood really is thicker than water.
Blood reduces blood loss by clotting.
Blood regulates pH levels via buffers and amino acids.
Blood remains in the penis and clots.
Blood represents life.
Blood represents our very lives.
Blood reroutes itself into other healthy veins of teh leg's deeper vein system.
Blood results in making bone, nerves, skin,muscles, and organs.
Blood returning from the heart fills atria, pressing against AV valve.
Blood returning from the vasa recta exits the medulla at approximately normal blood concentration.
Blood returning from various parts of the body arrives in the right atrium.
Blood returning to the heart from the head and front legs does so through the cranial vena cava.
Blood returning to the heart from the lungs enters the A. left ventricle.
Blood returning to the heart from the tissues enters the right atrium.
Blood returning to the lungs contains surplus oxygen.
Blood returning to the right atrium from the veins crosses the ASD into the LEFT atrium.
Blood returns from all organs to the right side of the heart by way of the veins.
Blood returns from extremities.
Blood returns from feet.
Blood returns from legs.
Blood returns from lower legs.
Blood returns from major veins.
Blood returns from the lungs and empties into the left atrium.
Blood returns from veins.
Blood returns to correct osmotic concentration.
Blood returns to general circulation from the head.
Blood returns to hearts.
Blood returns to mammalian hearts.
Blood returns to the heart by the veins.
Blood returns to the heart through the vena cavae.
Blood returns to the heart through veins.
Blood returns to the placenta through the umbilical arteries.
Blood returns to the venous system through veins that empty into the internal iliac veins.
Blood rises like the fount of a rock from panting heroes around.
Blood rises on hot summer wind, rose petals trickle past rough solemn wood.
Blood rises to their brains, their hearts pound, and they have no calmness.
Blood ruins some boys.
Blood runs cold.
Blood runs dark and quick to the drain.
Blood runs deep, runs red.
Blood runs down slowly.
Blood runs from pores.
Blood runs from the jackal spigots and then turn to sand.
Blood runs from the women's lips to trickle down their necks and bosoms.
Blood runs high, and words are exchanged.
Blood runs hot.
Blood runs in the streets.
Blood runs the heart.
Blood runs thicker in winter.
Blood runs through the streets up to the horses' neck.
Blood runs, from the mark of the lash.
Blood rushes north, rushes south.
Blood rushes out.
Blood rushes to the head, temporary but complete paralysis of mind over body occurs.
Blood rushes to vital organs.
Blood sampling through the side catheter access port also is contraindicated.
Blood sampling through the side catheter access port is contraindicated.
Blood saves lives.
Blood Saves Lives.
Blood seems to be associated with punctures, needles, and bullets.
Blood seen squirting from a horny toads' face is a sign of fatal injury.
Blood seeps from the curtain, oozes from the curtain onto the floor.
Blood seeps into the cloth, covering the victim.
Blood seeps into the tissue causing the discoloration.
Blood seeps onto a on a map.
Blood shows amazing improvement.
Blood shunts through it from left to right.
Blood sloshes around inside the insect, but is moved by the heart.
Blood soaks the soil.
Blood soaks through the bandage.
Blood spatters the statue of a cute golden calf that adorns the conference table.
Blood specimens as ordered.
Blood spills between families of disrepute.
Blood spills during training, spills in combat.
Blood spills into the area around the brain, which is filled with a protective fluid.
Blood spills onto the floor and bloody hands are seen.
Blood spills out into the brain.
Blood spills out of a person's mouth in what turns out to be a nightmare.
Blood splashes everywhere and there are dead bodies galore.
Blood splashes onto the camera, giving the scenes a documentary feel.
Blood splashes up against the wall.
Blood spoils so easily - it's as fallible as the human organism.
Blood sprays out of open wounds.
Blood spreads from the rupture into the surrounding brain tissue.
Blood springs eternal if the heart be burning.
Blood spurts out of a statue's mouth and into some water, staining the water and a man's face red.
Blood spurts out.
Blood squirts across the sink and hits the shaving mirror like a full, fat white-head popped.
Blood squirts everywhere.
Blood squirts on a woman's white dress.
Blood squirts out and splatters onto a wall and a second man as a soldier is shot in the head.
Blood squirts out as a person is shot, and then does so for another person who's shot in the head.
Blood squirts out as another person is shot.
Blood squirts out from a man who's been shot.
Blood squirts out of a person's body as they're shot several times.
Blood stains the carpet.
Blood stains the mall without walls.
Blood stains the mat.
Blood stands for life.
Blood stands out, even on a red cloak.
Blood starts to run down the grenade shields from their hands.
Blood stay at an twenty still swollen jets cap.
Blood still flows through, but the device is designed to catch any debris.
Blood still wet, still rich with urgent color.
Blood stinks, urine stinks, feces stink, garbage stinks.
Blood streams in from the network over the yolk and is pumped to the embryo by the heart.
Blood substitutes for transfusion.
Blood substitutes in development.
Blood substitutes in surgery.
Blood substitutes Principles, methods, products and clinical trials.
Blood substitutes program project.
Blood sugars can vary much faster in patients on pumps than patients on other forms of therapy.
Blood sugars typically return to normal levels within the first day or two after the period starts.
Blood supplies oxygen and warmth amongst other things.
Blood supplies proteins to build eggs with, rather than being a food source.
Blood supplies the axon with the oxygen and glucose it needs to function.
Blood supplies the body cells with all the materials needed to carry away wastes.
Blood supplies the body with oxygen, food and other nutrients and takes away waste products.
Blood surges - tidally.
Blood surges from the wound to the table to the once-white floor.
Blood surges in young veins and it is an opportune time for maidens to polish their charms.
Blood surges in yung veins and it is an opportune time for maidens ter polish their charms.
Blood sustains life because it carries essential oxygen to the body's cells.
Blood symbolizes excitement - speed, activity and mobility.
Blood symbolizes the final result of an epoch of extreme suffering and pain.
Blood takes a roller-coaster ride through the heart.
Blood takes longer than ink to transform into icy sludge.
Blood takes longer to clot once bleeding has started.
Blood takes oxygen from the lungs to all the living cells in the body.
Blood tastes pretty good.
Blood tells, pedigrees count.
Blood tells', they say.
Blood tends to pool in the legs after exercise and can deprive the body of much-needed oxygen.
Blood tends to run faster around a thrombus than a clean arterial wall.
Blood tests a.
Blood tests Blood tests are usually normal.
Blood tests Blood tests for serum markers are often elevated in testicular cancer.
Blood tests Much research is being done in the area of heart failure.
Blood tests negative for infection or abnormal cells, and subsequent rectal was normal.
Blood tests normal.
Blood tests One of the most common is a blood test.
Blood tests without a needle.
Blood then accumulates in the veins leading to the heart.
Blood then backs up in the blood vessels which congests the portal veins in the liver.
Blood then begins to flow slowly.
Blood then clots around it, neutralizing the aneurysm and preventing rupture.
Blood then courses into the abdomen, killing within hours or even minutes.
Blood then drains into the red pulp where the RBCs are screened by resident macrophages .
Blood then engorges the small vessels in the retina where oxygen is low.
Blood then enters and damages surrounding brain tissue.
Blood then flows from the right ventricle into the pulmonary artery.
Blood then flows out of the ventricle through the pulmonary artery and on to the lungs.
Blood then flows slowly or is blocked from flowing through the artery.
Blood then flows through the implant instead of the aneurysm.
Blood then flows through the implant, effectively depressurizing the aneurysm.
Blood then flows through the polyester implant, cutting off the supply of blood to the aneurysm.
Blood then is obviously much less safe.
Blood then is returned to the heart.
Blood then leaks backward from the ventricular chambers to the atrial chambers.
Blood then moves on to the organs of the body, where nutrients, gases, and wastes are exchanged.
Blood then passes from the right atrium through the tricuspid valve to the right ventricle.
Blood then passes into the Left Ventricle.
Blood then passes through the bisucpid valve to the left ventricle.
Blood then passes through the tricuspid valve into the right ventricle.
Blood then pools in the legs, causing the pain.
Blood then pools in the limbs, leading to faintness and cramps .
Blood then pools in the lower cavity of the skull.
Blood then pools in the veins to cause the enlargement.
Blood then returns to the heart via the left atrium.
Blood then returns to the lungs, receives a fresh dose of oxygen and gives off carbon dioxide.
Blood then rushes in and brings a lot of heat with it to the surface.
Blood then spills out of a person's mouth in what turns out to be a nightmare.
Blood then squirts on the door, but in the next scene the blood is gone.
Blood thickens and becomes sluggish and lymph becomes stagnant when that happens.
Blood thickens to reduce bleeding, carry more oxygen, and fight infection.
Blood thinners Increased anticoagulant effect.
Blood thinners The next group of drugs is blood thinners.
Blood thinning medication is required for up to a week after surgery.
Blood Ties a site dedicated to the character anya from btvs and the actress emma caulfield.
Blood touches blood.
Blood transports both oxygen and glucose, which is the food for cells.
Blood transports essential nutrients to vital organs and removes harmful wastes through the kidneys.
Blood transports nutrients from the digestive organs to the cells in the body.
Blood transports oxygen and nutrients to cells and carbon dioxide to the lungs.
Blood transports oxygen to the muscles for activities such as exercise.
Blood transports the oxygen to the systemic capillaries.
Blood travels across the body through the network of blood vessels .
Blood travels across the body through the network of blood vessels.
Blood travels at near constant speed through the vessels.
Blood travels from the gills to other parts of the body, providing oxygen along the way.
Blood travels from the heart through the major arteries down to the feet or up to the head.
Blood travels from the tissues and enters the right atrium.
Blood travels to the right side of the heart through veins, from all over the body.
Blood travelss from aortas.
Blood travelss from arteries.
Blood travelss from hearts.
Blood travelss from renal arteries.
Blood travelss through arteries.
Blood travelss through branch arteries.
Blood travelss to body tissue.
Blood travelss to lungs.
Blood travelss to organs.
Blood travelss to tissue.
Blood trickles from under the door and bloody footprints extend down the hallway.
Blood Try cold clear water first, then add a few drops of ammonia.
Blood turns red after returning to our arteries from the lungs, where it picks up oxygen.
Blood typifies the life, for the life is in the blood.
Blood undergoes a battery of tests in order to determine the safety of the product.
Blood varies in color from a bright red in the arteries to a duller red in the veins.
Blood veins go from the armpit to the heart and lungs.
Blood vessels Blood vessels are the series of arteries and veins which carry blood through the body.
Blood vessels Tiny arteries and veins that carry blood to the retina.
Blood vessels to the brain.
Blood vessels to the head.
Blood watches as workers trundle past, wheelbarrows loaded with sodden remnants of people's lives.
Blood work all normal.
Blood work very good.
Blood's flowing better, muscles are relaxed.
Blood always has some sugar.
Blood always tells in mythic stories.
Blood frequently flows.
Blood frequently is present in the intestine.
Blood often appears in the bowel lumen after rupture of the mucosa.
Blood often contains amoebocytes as well as hemocyanin.
Blood often occurs with a bladder infection.
Blood often passes from the nostrils and mouth near the time of death.
Blood sometimes flows for real.
Blood usually indicates tissue damage.
All blood has a cry .
All blood is alike ancient.
All blood is circulated through the heart therefore the energy quickly goes throughout the body.
All blood is considered to be potentially infected.
All blood is precious.
All blood is red and sacred.
All blood is tested extensively before being released to hospitals.
All blood is the same color, the color of living fire.
All blood is typed and tested after each donation.
All blood returning to the heart collects into a sinus venosus.
All blood work normal.
All blood work up and urinalysis appears to be normal except for the urine containing blood.
Any blood appears in the diarrhea.
Any blood drawn into the syringe means the needle tip has penetrated a vein or artery.
Any blood seeping out, bulging, swelling, or redness is a reason to call the vet.
Any blood testing positive is destroyed.
More blood arriving in the heart muscle means more oxygen.
More blood flows in through the corpus cavernosum and the clitoris is filled with blood.
More blood flows into the larger muscles.
More blood flows near the surface of the skin and more heat is lost.
More blood flows through the Broca's area when one is talking.
More blood flows through the kidneys every minute than through any other organ.
More blood flows to the lungs as well.
More blood gets on the walls.
More blood is spilled over oil.
More blood means a faster sweat rate.
More blood oozes out.
More blood passes through the bypass shunts to maintain that critical volume.
More blood returning stretches the atria and ventricles more.
More blood rushes to the area to begin the healing process.
More blood spatters the fancy TV screens in the background.
Most blood absorbs oxygen.
Most blood affects development.
Most blood affects nerve functions.
Most blood carries elements.
Most blood carries fresh oxygen.
Most blood carries glucose.
Most blood carries heat.
Most blood carries nutrients.
Most blood carries oxygen.
Most blood carries substances.
Most blood carries toxic waste.
Most blood carries various substances.
Most blood carries waste.
Most blood causes pressure.
Most blood comes from hearts.
Most blood comes from veins.
Most blood comes into compartments.
Most blood comes into kidneys.
Most blood consists of antigen.
Most blood consists of colorless fluid.
Most blood consists of fluid.
Most blood consists of liquid plasma.
Most blood consists of plasma.
Most blood contains antibodies.
Most blood contains antifreeze proteins.
Most blood contains blood.
Most blood contains hemoglobins.
Most blood contains irons.
Most blood contains mg irons.
Most blood contains oxygen.
Most blood contains pigment hemoglobins.
Most blood contains plasma.
Most blood contains proteins.
Most blood contains red pigment hemoglobins.
Most blood contains water.
Most blood enters capillaries.
Most blood enters central veins.
Most blood enters chambers.
Most blood enters heart ventricles.
Most blood enters small veins.
Most blood enters veins.
Most blood enters ventricles.
Most blood flows from aortas.
Most blood flows from dorsal aortas.
Most blood flows from hearts.
Most blood flows in vessels.
Most blood flows into arteries.
Most blood flows into body cavities.
Most blood flows into capillaries.
Most blood flows into cavities.
Most blood flows into heads.
Most blood flows out of hearts.
Most blood flows through arteries.
Most blood flows through blood vessels.
Most blood flows through capillaries.
Most blood flows through cardinal veins.
Most blood flows through channels.
Most blood flows through dorsal vessels.
Most blood flows through glomeruluses.
Most blood flows through hearts.
Most blood flows through kidneys.
Most blood flows through layers.
Most blood flows through posterior cardinal veins.
Most blood flows through posterior veins.
Most blood flows through tissue.
Most blood flows through valves.
Most blood flows through veins.
Most blood flows through vessels.
Most blood flows to different organs.
Most blood flows to muscles.
Most blood flows to organs.
Most blood goes into veins.
Most blood goes through arteries.
Most blood goes through pulmonary veins.
Most blood goes through small veins.
Most blood goes through veins.
Most blood goes to brains.
Most blood has components.
Most blood has concentration.
Most blood has diagnoses.
Most blood has different pigment.
Most blood has features.
Most blood has functions.
Most blood has hemoglobins.
Most blood has high concentration.
Most blood has less waste.
Most blood has magical heal properties.
Most blood has magical properties.
Most blood has oxygen.
Most blood has pigment.
Most blood has properties.
Most blood has respiratory pigment.
Most blood has substances.
Most blood has types.
Most blood has unusual features.
Most blood has values.
Most blood is filtered by kidneys.
Most blood is used to treat cancer, heart and liver diseases, sickle-cell anemia and hemophilia.
Most blood moves into veins.
Most blood moves through blood vessels.
Most blood moves through capillaries.
Most blood moves through vessels.
Most blood passes from hearts.
Most blood passes from ventricles.
Most blood passes into right ventricles.
Most blood passes into ventricles.
Most blood passes through arteries.
Most blood passes through blood veins.
Most blood passes through blood vessels.
Most blood passes through capillaries.
Most blood passes through glomeruluses.
Most blood passes through hearts.
Most blood passes through kidneys.
Most blood passes through leave ventricles.
Most blood passes through lungs.
Most blood passes through nephrons.
Most blood passes through pulmonary arteries.
Most blood passes through small veins.
Most blood passes through valves.
Most blood passes through vein arteries.
Most blood passes through veins.
Most blood passes through ventricles.
Most blood passes through vessels.
Most blood produces waste.
Most blood provides nutrients.
Most blood reaches hearts.
Most blood reaches major organs.
Most blood reaches organs.
Most blood reacts to light.
Most blood returns from legs.
Most blood returns from lower legs.
Much blood flows from the five wounds and from large lesions at the knees.
Much blood is shed, and most of it comes from persons who are ripe for the gallows.
Much blood is the provenance of kings.
Some blood attracts sharks.
Some blood capillaries surround nephron tubules.
Some blood capillaries surround tubules.
Some blood carries burdens.
Some blood carries carbon dioxide.
Some blood carries copper.
Some blood carries dioxide.
Some blood carries diseases.
Some blood carries food.
Some blood carries lead body burdens.
Some blood causes diseases.
Some blood causes heart diseases.
Some blood causes infection.
Some blood causes inflammation.
Some blood causes problems.
Some blood causes reaction.
Some blood combines with saliva.
Some blood comes from chickens.
Some blood comes from intestines.
Some blood comes from lungs.
Some blood comes from noses.
Some blood comes from urea.
Some blood comes in contact.
Some blood comes into contact.
Some blood comes out of ears.
Some blood comes out of noses.
Some blood comes out when a person is shot.
Some blood contains carbon dioxide.
Some blood contains carry pigment.
Some blood contains dioxide.
Some blood contains fluid.
Some blood contains metabolic waste.
Some blood contains much carbon dioxide.
Some blood contains pigment.
Some blood contains respiratory pigment.
Some blood contains sodium.
Some blood contains urea.
Some blood contains waste.
Some blood destroys germ.
Some blood enters alveoluses.
Some blood enters dialysis machines.
Some blood enters intestines.
Some blood enters lungs.
Some blood enters nephrons.
Some blood enters placentas.
Some blood enters right atriums.
Some blood falls to earth.
Some blood fills cavities.
Some blood fills chambers.
Some blood fills mouths.
Some blood fills tissue.
Some blood flows along dorsal vessels.
Some blood flows along vessels.
Some blood flows from heads.
Some blood flows from legs.
Some blood flows from lungs.
Some blood flows from noses.
Some blood flows from posteriors.
Some blood flows into artificial kidneys.
Some blood flows into cartilages.
Some blood flows into ears.
Some blood flows into glomeruluses.
Some blood flows into kidneys.
Some blood flows into shafts.
Some blood flows out of atriums.
Some blood flows out of kidneys.
Some blood flows out of right atriums.
Some blood flows through lungs.
Some blood flows through muscles.
Some blood flows through walls.
Some blood flows to brains.
Some blood flows to heads.
Some blood flows to recta.
Some blood goes into atriums.
Some blood goes into kidneys.
Some blood goes into right atriums.
Some blood goes to skin.
Some blood has acidity.
Some blood has effects.
Some blood has low water potential.
Some blood has nasty taste.
Some blood has pierce stylets.
Some blood has potential.
Some blood has power.
Some blood has salinity.
Some blood has stylets.
Some blood has tissue.
Some blood includes carbon dioxide.
Some blood includes dioxide.
Some blood is evident.
Some blood is expelled from tracheae.
Some blood is filtered by glomeruluses.
Some blood is ingested but most of the fluid comes from dissolved tissue.
Some blood is released into the heart to check for leaks.
Some blood is seen and also the actual events of the murder.
Some blood is taken from the crab, which is then returned to wild unharmed.
Some blood is visible.
Some blood lead confirmation and retest intervals have been changed.
Some blood leads to blood pressure.
Some blood leads to death.
Some blood leads to high blood pressure.
Some blood leads to high pressure.
Some blood leads to pressure.
Some blood looks like ink.
Some blood looks like octopus ink.
Some blood lowers blood pressure.
Some blood mixes with blood.
Some blood mixes with poor blood.
Some blood mixes with regular blood.
Some blood moves into glomeruluses.
Some blood moves through ears.
Some blood needs to leak from our eyeballs.
Some blood neutralizes venom.
Some blood passes into ears.
Some blood passes through bars.
Some blood passes through brains.
