Some boys find that their breasts well and are painful.
Some boys find themselves cruelly under the thumb of unsympathetic and unloving foster parents.
Some boys gather types.
Some boys get chemistry sets.
Some boys get dogs.
Some boys get doors.
Some boys get hot dogs.
Some boys get in trouble, get frustrated, fall behind and never catch up.
Some boys give samples.
Some boys give stool samples.
Some boys go into comas.
Some boys go on hike trips.
Some boys go on trips.
Some boys go the whole hog, dressing up as little girls in a sort of African 'trick or treat'.
Some boys go to college and eventually succeed in getting out.
Some boys go to neighbors.
Some boys greet keepers.
Some boys harass boys.
Some boys have a circumcision, which means that a doctor or clergy member cuts away the foreskin.
Some boys have bruises on their backs, evidently a result of beatings.
Some boys have cancer.
Some boys have cavities.
Some boys have chickens.
Some boys have children.
Some boys have companies.
Some boys have diagnoses.
Some boys have dolls.
Some boys have enlargements.
Some boys have levels.
Some boys have lower levels.
Some boys have lower testosterone levels.
Some boys have only a romantic notion of violence.
Some boys have opportunity.
Some boys have own companies.
Some boys have places.
Some boys have problems.
Some boys have seizures.
Some boys have tantrums.
Some boys have testosterone levels.
Some boys have tolerance.
Some boys hide in beds.
Some boys hit barriers.
Some boys hunt reptiles.
Some boys involve in accidents.
Some boys involve in automobile accidents.
Some boys keep chickens.
Some boys kill chickens.
Some boys kill elands.
Some boys kill fathers.
Some boys learn a trade, like blacksmithing or printing.
Some boys learn about ants.
Some boys learn about bees.
Some boys learn about butterflies.
Some boys learn about cats.
Some boys learn about dinosaurs.
Some boys learn about penguins.
Some boys learn about termites.
Some boys learn minds.
Some boys lose life.
Some boys lose mothers.
Some boys lose weight.
Some boys love cats.
Some boys love chickens.
Some boys love crabs.
Some boys love fish.
Some boys love horses.
Some boys love lizards.
Some boys love monkeys.
Some boys love oysters.
Some boys love snakes.
Some boys love turtles.
Some boys make excuses.
Some boys make posters, streamers and tickets.
Some boys make quests.
Some boys never do, and experience severe bleeding afterward.
Some boys never have wet dreams.
Some boys offer to help, but the girls are determined to figure it out for themselves.
Some boys own clubs.
Some boys participate in arm robberies.
Some boys participate in robberies.
Some boys pick up caterpillars.
Some boys pick up cats.
Some boys pick up cockroaches.
Some boys pick up crabs.
Some boys pick up frogs.
Some boys pick up rabbits.
Some boys play ball games.
Some boys play games.
Some boys pull triggers.
Some boys push carts.
Some boys release animals.
Some boys ride animals.
Some boys ride horses.
Some boys ride llamas.
Some boys save life.
Some boys see pornography as a way of life on the Net.
Some boys seek to markets.
Some boys seek to niche markets.
Some boys serve men.
Some boys share dens.
Some boys shoot elands.
Some boys shoot geese.
Some boys shoot pigs.
Some boys shoot rabbits.
Some boys shoot squirrels.
Some boys shoot turkeys.
Some boys start fire.
Some boys start puberty early, and some start later.
Some boys steal cats.
Some boys survey the damage.
Some boys take books.
Some boys take guns.
Some boys take over entertainment.
Some boys touch hearts.
Some boys undergo brain surgery.
Some boys undergo surgery.
Some boys use death.
Some boys use feathers.
Some boys use guns.
Some boys visit cats.
Some boys wake in the morning and discover father is more muscle than word.
Some boys watch beetles.
Some boys watch caterpillars.
Some boys watch chickens.
Some boys watch crabs.
Some boys watch goats.
Some boys watch lizards.
Some boys watch monkeys.
Some boys watch penguins.
Some boys watch pigs.
Some boys watch rabbits.
Some boys watch squirrels.
Some boys wear towels.
Some boys write notes.
A boycott is a protest
Boycotts affect the earnings of corporations who engage in abusive practices.
Boycotts allow people to vote with their dollars.
Boycotts also affect the amount of imports.
Boycotts are a positive step that ordinary people can take in their every day lives.
Boycotts are also powerful because they pull on the strength of the community.
Boycotts are detrimental to the movement's efforts.
Boycotts are easy.
Boycotts are good for one thing, and that's moral chest-thumping.
Boycotts are means by which the consumer can have a financial affect on a company.
Boycotts are one answer.
Boycotts are only effective if hundreds of thousands or millions participate.
Boycotts are protests.
Boycotts are so difficult to sustain.
Boycotts are too a reality of the free market.
Boycotts can range from potato farms to bus companies.
Boycotts can work.
Boycotts have a long history in the Methodist movement.
Boycotts have their place .
Boycotts punish one capitalist while allowing others to restart the business being boycotted.
Boycotts really work.
Boycotts serve as a powerful tool in forcing a change.
Boycotts tend to mobilise relatively small groups of concerned people.
Boycotts tighten dogmatic lines and isolate the church's voice further from society.
A boyfriend is a lover
A boyfriend is a man
Boyfriend Has Warts.
Boyfriend is back with puppy asking to return it.
Boyfriend isa individual.
Boyfriend isa man.
Boyfriend isa person.
Boyfriend isa somebody.
Boyfriend isa someone.
Boyfriend receives hickeys from large, very playful lady.
Boyfriends are a professional liability.
Boyfriends are lovers.
Boyfriends are men.
Boyfriends are only friendly because they're wusses.
Boyfriends are singles.
Boyfriends are spouses.
Boyfriends continue to pay for many items, including clothing and entertainment.
Boyfriends find amaze jobs.
Boyfriends find jobs.
Boyfriends get dinner.
Boyfriends get the spiders.
Boyfriends go to schools.
Boyfriends grab a feel before the elevator door opens.
Boyfriends have (part) arms.
Boyfriends have (part) beard.
Boyfriends have (part) body substances.
Boyfriends have (part) cell membranes.
Boyfriends have (part) cells.
Boyfriends have (part) cytoplasm.
Boyfriends have (part) heads.
Boyfriends have (part) legs.
Boyfriends have (part) man's bodies.
Boyfriends have (part) necks.
Boyfriends have (part) nuclei.
Boyfriends have (part) personality.
Boyfriends have (part) plasma membranes.
Boyfriends have (part) sections.
Boyfriends have (part) vacuoles.
Boyfriends need attention.
Boyfriends play games.
Boyfriends play video games.
Boyfriends tend to drop out of the picture or promise to be around, only to leave later.
Most boyfriends find amaze jobs.
Most boyfriends find jobs.
Most boyfriends get dinner.
Most boyfriends go to schools.
Most boyfriends play games.
Most boyfriends play video games.
Some boyfriends adopt diets.
Some boyfriends bring homes.
Some boyfriends die in accidents.
Some boyfriends die in car crashes.
Some boyfriends die in crashes.
Some boyfriends die in motorbike accidents.
Some boyfriends get cars.
Some boyfriends have sex.
Some boyfriends have substances.
Some boyfriends kill husbands.
Some boyfriends see photos.
Some boyfriends take credit.
Some boyfriends take mollies.
A boyhood is childhood
Boyhood includes personal narratives and poems by accomplished writers from around the world.
Boyish energy is channeled into dedication to excel, team effort and hard work.
Boyish figures are in, with flattened bust, and bobbed hair.
Boys voices change and are lost to the repertoire during puberty.
Boysenberries are a crossbreed between raspberries and blackberries.
Boysenberries are long, maroon, and almost seedless.
Boysenberries are reddish black with an aroma and flavor similar to raspberries.
Boysenberry is a blackberry bush
Boysenberry is berries.
Boysenberry is part of boysenberry.
Boysenberry is plants.
Bozkushi horses require special training in order to be successful in the game.
Bozo filters are one way to reduce flames and spam.
Bozo filters pose no problem on recreational discussion groups.
A bozo is a fool
Bozo can out teach, out train and out ride any human on any horse, on any day.
Bozo hits dragon with sword.
Bozo is a well-known, much downloaded Hollywood star.
Bozo is arrested for filing a false police report.
Bozo is better able to take advantage of static stability.
Bozo then reverses the car and runs over the boy's head.
Any bozo can go out and snap pictures of weather damage.
Any bozo can hang out a sign and call themselves a dog trainer.
BPDU guard disables the port upon BPDU reception if portfast is enabled on the port.
BPI mirrors are an attractive addition to any dispensing room.
A bpm is a tempo
BPMs are an essential ingredient in any DJs set.
BPMs run continuously and concurrently with other BPMs.
Bra fitting is a team effort and one that can have a happy ending .
Bra sizes are extremely hard to guess at.
A bra is a clothing
A bra is a garment
Bras are colored and for show.
Bras are good.
Bras are lingerie.
Bras are located in drawers.
Bras are located in suitcases.
Bras are often too formal for daytime.
Bras are small, too.
Bras are very bad if they leave a red mark.
Bras make decent flags of truce.
Bras run small.
All bras are beautifully detailed and come in all the popular sizes.
All bras are first quality and ready to go on the selling floor immediately.
All bras are ready to go on the selling floor immediately.
All bras come ready to sell out of the box.
Every bra has a receiving pocket for the breast form and is available in many styles and colors.
Every bra tells a story.
Some bras are simple triangles of fabric, some elaborate constucts of lace and wire.
Some bras even feature removable push-up pads.
Brace brackets are optional there is a single level statement in the scope.
A brace is reinforcement
A brace is support
Brace accepts it.
Brace appreciates Minneapolis' participation.
Brace gets a lesson.
Brace is an expert on the U.S. presidency.
Brace is custom fit by adjusting two straps,heel stirrup strap and gel pads.
Brace isa device.
Brace proves there is life after work in Washington.
Brace Provides optimal support while insuring proper fit and comfort.
Brace says five different groups made the long journey.
Brace testifies for hours, and signs of weariness begin to appear.
Braces act as a food and plaque trap and make it more difficult to brush and floss.
Braces add to the health of teeth and gums.
Braces allow the matching of a specific set of characters.
Braces are a common method of changing one's appearance.
Braces are a genuine part of American life today.
Braces are dental appliances.
Braces are located in dentists.
Braces are metal or clear ceramic brackets bonded to the front of each tooth.
Braces are mobility aid.
Braces are no longer consider a social or sports handicap.
Braces are of linen or cotton with leather ends and metal buckles or buttons.
Braces are on both sides of each leg.
Braces are part of frameworks.
Braces are practical and a perfect expression of personal style.
Braces are punctuation.
Braces are really nothing new.
Braces are relatively inexpensive and easy to use.
Braces are reusable, adjustable, and can provide continuous support.
Braces are ropes.
Braces are stock.
Braces are structural members.
Braces are support.
Braces are uncomfortable and at times painful.
Braces are usually bigger than brackets and parentheses.
Braces bolt snug up against the back of the stang's firewall.
Braces can bring teeth, lips, and jaws into proper alignment for proper facial balance.
Braces can ensure good dental hygiene.
Braces can help to isolate muscles and reduce the amount of range elbow muscles can use.
Braces can make the worker aware that parts of their body can be stressed and injured.
Braces can range from any type of material, to any size, and to any degree of effectiveness.
Braces can straighten teeth and are available to children and adults.
Braces come in lots of different sizes and colors.
Braces consist of brackets which are bonded to individual teeth.
Braces cost parents thousands.
Braces delimit such a comprehension.
Braces enhance a person's smile.
Braces have (part) sections.
Braces have syntactical significance, delimiting lists.
Braces have syntatical significance, delimiting lists.
Braces have tiny spaces where food particles and plaque get trapped.
Braces help some people more than others.
Braces Holds the trouser section up and in place, important for the active dinghy sailor.
Braces indicate a choice among the listed rules.
Braces Learn how braces work.
Braces make it harder to remove plaque.
Braces now come in a range of colors, including gold.
Braces now come in a series of styles and colors.
Braces pose a unique challenge for kids.
Braces provide added strength and rigidity where needed.
Braces remain on the teeth for the entire duration of treatment.
Braces surround the action.
Braces trap food and make it more difficult to brush and floss.
Braces use steady, gentle pressure over time to move teeth into their proper positions.
Braces vary from simple corsets to a custom-made rigid plastic body jackets.
Braces often work better in the laboratory than they do in normal use.
All braces are approx.
Some braces are triangular, others rounded and others simply rectangular.
Some braces have complex instructions for putting on the brace.
Some braces provide support for the hip as well.
A bracelet is a band
Bracelet isa artifact.
Bracelets are a status symbol, and are frequently made from wire brought at trading stores.
Bracelets are abundant in both classifications, commercial and handmade.
Bracelets are all expandable, with narrow cords of elastic.
Bracelets are also available.
Bracelets are available from dive operators.
Bracelets are available in custom size, please call or email.
Bracelets are in engraved and coated brass, with six buttons.
Bracelets are jewelry.
Bracelets are located in jewelry stores.
Bracelets are one size featuring adjustable finger rings.
Bracelets can also influence watch prices considerably.
Bracelets Click on the images below for a detailed view of each item.
Bracelets come in all styles, shapes, materials and embellishments.
Bracelets come in either wood or small plastic beads also.
Bracelets contain important patient information vital to patient treatment and safety.
Bracelets easily adjust to all size wrists.
Bracelets have (part) sections.
Bracelets have magnets imbedded in each link.
Bracelets includes various bracelets, bracers, and wrist guards.
Bracelets make great banquet gifts or as a unique fundraiser idea.
Bracelets vary widely.
Bracelets wear comfortably with one slide or ten.
All bracelets are handcrafted with sterling silver and gold filled components.
All bracelets are of oval shape.
All bracelets can be custom-sized to fit any wrist.
All bracelets come in an attractive gift box and include an anti-tarnish jewelers polishing cloth.
All bracelets come in lovely gift box.
All bracelets come in two sizes.
All bracelets come with either a lock and loop clasp or a lobster claw clasp.
All bracelets have a hinge on the side that opens up to allow easy slip on.
All bracelets have six north magnets which allow for continuous wearing.
All bracelets measure approx.
Every bracelet has a different meaning such as longevity, good luck, prosperity, etc.
Most bracelets use four colors.
Some bracelets protect individuals.
A bracer is protection
Bracers are for wimps.
Brachiation is a rare ability for primates.
Brachiation is seen in gibbons and chimpanzees.
Brachiation is the movement through the tree tops by swinging hand over hand, and branch to branch.
Brachiation isa action.
A brachiopod is an invertebrate
Brachiopods are a very common local fossil.
Brachiopods are also abundant.
Brachiopods are also especially common here.
Brachiopods are among the oldest known fossils.
Brachiopods are among the oldest shelled invertebrates.
Brachiopods are ancient shellfish that have been found in the layers of the Grand Canyon.
Brachiopods are benthic marine invertebrates that inhabit both deep water and shallow environments.
Brachiopods are entirely marine.
Brachiopods are extremely abundant.
Brachiopods are in the form of the two hinged shell type.
Brachiopods are invertebrates.
Brachiopods are marine animals that secrete a shell consisting of two parts called valves.
Brachiopods are marine animals that, upon first glance, look like clams.
Brachiopods are marine animals with one upper and one lower shell.
Brachiopods are marine invertebrates with two dissimilar shells.
Brachiopods are next in abundance.
Brachiopods are one of most common fossils found in the Pennsylvanian rocks in eastern Kansas.
Brachiopods are one of the easiest fossils to find.
Brachiopods are quite different.
Brachiopods are rare in the oceans today.
Brachiopods are rare today.
Brachiopods are solitary animals.
Brachiopods are strictly marine and are usually found in shallow seas.
Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves , both having two shells .
Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves, both having two shells.
Brachiopods develop spines and heavier shells as sharks develop broad, flat teeth for crushing.
Brachiopods have a characteristic lophophore .
Brachiopods have food-gathering organs called lophophores.
Brachiopods have symmetrical shells but the two mating shells are different.
Brachiopods live only in the sea, and most species avoid locations with strong currents or waves.
Brachiopods live only in the sea.
Brachiopods now live in deeper waters where food is scarcer.
Brachiopods now live mainly in cold water and low light.
Brachiopods retain strong bilateral symmetry, even in their feeding organs.
Brachiopods still live today and most are found on shallow ocean bottoms.
Brachiopods still persist today, but are neither abundant nor diverse.
All brachiopods are marine animals whose habitats range from the inter tidal zone to deep ocean.
All brachiopods secrete a mineralized shell composed of two bilaterally symmetrical valves.
Most brachiopods are found attached to rocks or burrowing in soft sediments.
Most brachiopods are sessile filter feeders and are incapable of burrowing.
Most brachiopods have their two shell valves held together on a hinge with teeth and sockets.
Most brachiopods live below the low tide level in seawater with normal salinity.
Most brachiopods prefer clear waters, but there are a few which prefer brachish waters.
Some brachiopods also have adjustor muscles which connect to the pedicle.
Some brachiopods have statocysts , which detect changes in the animals' position.
Brachycephalic cats appear to be predisposed to developing nonhealing corneal ulcers.
A brachycephaly is quality
Brachycephaly refers to a broad skull with a short base and a recessed lower forehead.
Bracken fern contains at least two animal toxins.
Bracken fern contains several toxic and carcinogenic substances such as quercetin and aminase.
Bracken fern does indeed contain a carcinogen, that much is clear.
Bracken fern is a major problem in pasture areas, because it is poisonous to livestock.
Bracken fern is tall and abundant along meadow edges and throughout forests.
Bracken fern occurs here on the sunny path, a good indicator of poor, dry soil.
Bracken ferns are common in many areas of North America.
Bracken library contains a variety of closed captioned videorecordings.
A bracket creep is an income tax
Bracket creep happens when taxpayers are pushed into higher tax brackets because of inflation.
A bracket fungus is a fungus
Bracket fungi are usually tough and sturdy.
A bracket is a punctuation mark
Bracket adheres securely to the aquarium wall and the crock is removable for filling and cleaning.
Bracket adheres to a clean, dry aquarium wall, and the crock is held in place by a snap-lock lever.
Bracket adheres to aquarium wall and bottle is removable for filling and cleaning.
Bracket attaches easily to dimmer pack for easy mounting to light stands or truss.
Bracket bearing is precision machined to an exact tolerance to wear.
Bracket create a designer look in designer colors.
Bracket creep is economically destructive and morally disastrous.
Bracket creep is like a good pickpocket.
Bracket creep is particularly harsh for low and middle-income earners.
Bracket creep occurs because the tax system is only partly protected from inflation.
Bracket racing is where the slower car is given a head start to make the race more exciting.
Bracket slides foward to lock, slides out to remove.
Brackets act as a trap for food.
Brackets allow easy fixing to wood and cement.
Brackets allow mounting of one trap either on top or on side.
Brackets also decorate the roof line along the balcony.
Brackets also grace the bays and the eaves.
Brackets appear on porch posts and cornices.
Brackets are all up to date.
Brackets are also available in gold and porcelain, which are clear or tooth colored.
Brackets are application specific.
Brackets are available at most hardware stores.
Brackets are available for closets with vaulted ceilings.
Brackets are handmade out of iron.
Brackets are here.
Brackets are necessary.
Brackets are now available that easily handle heavier thrust motors without any problem.
Brackets are obligatory.
Brackets are of many designs, from scrolls to heaped profusions of foliage.
Brackets are optional for single-element lists.
Brackets are powder coated and can be custom made if required.
Brackets are punctuation.
Brackets are quantities.
Brackets are reusable.
Brackets are sets.
Brackets are sometimes in the shape of an inverted L and are often used as decoration.
Brackets are support.
Brackets are the same thickness as barlines.
Brackets are the tiny devices used to attach the main arch wire that moves the teeth.
Brackets are to be in stock location.
Brackets are useful too.
Brackets attach easily to the back frame of furniture and to the wall stud.
Brackets attach the perch to the window sill.
Brackets Below is the bracket outline with seeds and times of the games.
Brackets can accommodate aluminum or wood telephone poles.
Brackets can enclose comments at the beginning of the file.
Brackets can function, but it is a three step process.
Brackets come complete with all stainless fasteners for a bolt-on installation.
Brackets connect the seat to the armoured door.
Brackets contain the number of exhibits.
Brackets define the physical map location of markers based on cytogenetic mapping data.
Brackets Drill a hole in one leg of each bracket about three inches from the angle.
Brackets enclose optional elements and are in italic type.
Brackets have the same level of precedence as parentheses.
Brackets hold a pair of coils.
Brackets hold removable table securely in place.
Brackets indicate an off-centerdetection.
Brackets indicate an optional choice.
Brackets indicate chains of contiguous heterocysts.
Brackets indicate doubt about a name or date.
Brackets indicate editor's clarifications to place questions in context.
Brackets indicate editors' clarifications to place questions in context.
Brackets indicate material proposed to be deleted from the by-laws as currently in effect.
Brackets indicate material proposed to be deleted.
Brackets indicate modern additions or explanations.
Brackets indicate that the enclosed argument to the tag is optional.
Brackets indicate that the letter or word has been reconstructed.
Brackets indicate that the tax is no longer imposed.
Brackets indicate that the title was provided by the processor.
Brackets indicate the locations of legal materials found in other areas.
Brackets indicate the maximum number of blower units recommended.
Brackets indicate the text to be amended.
Brackets indicate the writer's words inserted into or substituted for part of the quotation.
Brackets indicate working titles.
Brackets join unordered markers listed on multiple lines.
Brackets keep dock area uncluttered for greater safety and enhanced appearance.
Brackets mean there is no agreement among delegates.
Brackets prevent birds from entering.
Brackets prevent lift-out of sliding glass door.
Brackets r hold the Upper Mast in place.
Brackets remain on the reference to many or some countries, and on the list.
Brackets remain on the reference.
Brackets remain on the text.
Brackets separate a word or phrase from the rest of the sentence.
Brackets serve as runners or for forklift access.
Brackets support a simple mantle shelf.
Brackets surround optional arguments.
Brackets unlock with easy finger pressure.
Brackets Use brackets to construct more sophisticated searches.
Brackets Use square brackets to introduce an acronym.
All brackets are either stainless steel billet or stainless steel cast components. .
All brackets are in the source text.
All brackets are usually consolidated during the weekly events.
All brackets attach to the basic unit with the Positive Engagement Lock.
All brackets mount short or long arm out.
More brackets mean an extra-big hug.
Bracketed dates show when items have changed.
Bracketed entries are words used in one of the major traditional auxiliary languages.
Bracketed figures indicate position the previous week.
Bracketed information indicates alternative spellings, married names, or other plausible variations.
Bracketed information is corrected or additional.
Bracketed information is corrected or addtional.
Bracketed material is deleted.
Bracketed matter is included to assist in the understanding of proclaimed modifications.
Bracketed matter is included to assist in the understanding of the proclaimed modifications.
Bracketed notes are optional.
Bracketed number indicates year of completion.
Bracketed numbers correspond to numbered transactions in the figure.
Bracketed numbers following peoples' names are identification numbers.
Bracketed numbers indicate grid cell counts.
Bracketed numbers indicate relevant pages from that book.
Bracketed numbers refer to CD catalogue numbers.
Bracketed text indicates translator additions for purpose of increasing clarity.
Bracketed text indicates translator additions for the purpose of increasing clarity.
Bracketed text remains in areas related to energy.
Bracketed text shows proposed deletions.
Bracketed titles indicate no actual title.
Bracketed values are errors.
Bracketed values are likely to underrepresent true amounts, due to small sample size.
Bracketed values indicate detection limit.
Bracketed values indicate detection limits.
Bracketless design allows installation on right or left side.
Bracketted frequencies are only possible identifications.
Brackish marshes occur along the edges of estuaries and tidal rivers and streams.
Brackish water is needed to keep the mangrove ecosystem healthy.
Brackish water is saltier than fresh.
Brackish water is water which contains more sea salts than freshwater but less than the open sea.
Brackish water occurs in coastal regions where sea water and fresh water are mixed.
Brackish water seems to have escaped oil contamination for now.
Brackish waters are poorer in species diversity than either the sea or fresh water.
Braconid wasps are a group of smaller, thicker parasitic wasps.
Braconid wasps are an important natural enemy.
Braconid wasps are notorious outlaws as far as butterflies are concerned.
Braconid wasps parasitize the aphids, and ants feed on the honeydew excreted by feeding aphids.
Braconid wasps parasitize the aphids, and ants feed upon the honeydew excreted by feeding aphids.
Bract color can range from white to pink to an almost red color.
Some bract edge burn in postproduction.
A bract is a husk
Bracts are bronze.
Bracts are dark burgundy and reddish at the base, greenish on the distal lip and tip.
Bracts are dark green and often have white margins.
Bracts are green at the base of the flower inflorescence, and white tinged with pink at the top.
Bracts are greenish-brown turning to a wheat color with age.
Bracts are highly modified leaves that surround the main structure of the flower.
Bracts are husks.
Bracts are leaves associated with flowers.
Bracts are like miniature lobster claws, bright rose red with narrow green edges.
Bracts are long and narrow, tapering to a point and borne in several overlapping rows.
Bracts are membranous, ovate, acuminate, and mauve in color.
Bracts are part of inflorescences.
Bracts are present.
Bracts are red and trees have excellent vigor.
Bracts are red on the cheek and golden yellow along the keel, lip and tip.
Bracts are red, pink or crimson with black distal lip.
Bracts are rust, orange, or copper colored.
Bracts are small, bearing some reduced tentacles.
Bracts are sometimes larger and more brightly colored than the true flower , as in a poinsettia.
Bracts are susceptible to sunburn if exposed to high light intensities at finish.
Bracts are tight, smooth, and round, with a slight purplish tinge.
Bracts are usually a blood-red, crimson, yellow, pink, or color.
Bracts are woody parts, resembling scales, under flowers similar to the scales of a pine cone.
Bracts develop irregularly.
Bracts emerge about two weeks before flowers and give leafy spurge the appearance of flowering.
Bracts exude milky-sap that is irritating and toxic.
Bracts look like shrimp.
Bracts look much like scales, but bracts occur wherever a flower's pedicel attaches to the peduncle.
Bracts occur at the base of the leaf petioles.
Bracts occur where the leaf petioles attach to the stem.
Bracts remain effective for up to six weeks.
Bracts subtend the female flowers.
Bracts subtending the female flowers contain a greater density of glands than the leaves.
Bracts subulate, outer ones as long as the calyx.
Bracts surrounding the flower are yellowish-green with a light brown comblike margin .
Bracts vary enormously in size, shape and function.
Bracts wither before flower opens.
Bracts sometimes present.
Bracteantha species produce a multitude of flowers that go to seed quickly.
A bracteole is a bract
Bracteoles are bracts.
Bracteoles are narrow obvate rather than linear.
Bracteoles are small or absent.
Bracteoles are usually narrower than bracts but are otherwise similar.
Brad head sets easily and insures a neat, finished appearance.
A brad is a nail
Brad believe their prayers have been answered.
Brad teaches P.E. and coaches basketball.
Brads are metal fasteners commonly used within the film industry to bind scripts together.
Brads are nails.
Brads own D set and a C set which is available for purchase.
Brads try too hard.
Braden plane makes emergency landing.
Bradshaw fires guns to prevent the surveyors coming in the dark.
A braggart is an egotist
Braggarts are most frequently the first to cave.
Braggarts usually expect more than they deserve.
A bragger is an egotist
Braggers have a bragging vocabulary.
Brahman cattle are less sensitive to the other organophosphates listed here.
Brahman cattle are more likely to lie down and become immobile.
Brahman cattle have outstanding milk production and continue to milk even under low feed conditions.
Brahman cattle show no effect from extremely high temperatures.
Brahman priests dress in all white and have a knot of hair at the nape of their neck.
A brahman is a group
Brahman acts continually without attachment to the consequences of the act.
Brahman alone can be greater than all and their ultimate goal as mentioned in the text.
Brahman refers to the priestly caste, who spoke spells and performed rituals.
Brahman resides in everything.
Brahman resides in the human soul and becomes it.
Brahmans are aristocrats.
Brahmans are intelligent, inquisitive and shy.
Brahmans are intermediate in size among beef breeds found in the United States.
Brahmans are poor.
Brahmans die of excessive eating.
Brahmani river flows through the district.
Brahmanic religion divides life into four stages or ashramas .
A brahmin is a group
Brahmin are sick.
Brahmin is known as a dwija , twice born.
Brahmin produce fertilizer and improve crop yield.
Brahmin throws an oblation to the fire.
Brahmins are castes.
Brahmins are the highest level of India's multi-leveled caste system.
Brahmins fall back on old resources, finding what comfort they can in wealth and advantage.
Brahmins still sit there.
Brahmins tend to be buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Brahms work has the orchestral version as well as one for piano duo.
Braid bars have slight development of desert varnish.
Braid groups have many equivalent definitions, and an even larger number of applications.
A braid is hair
Braids are a generalization of permutations in combinatorics.
Braids are beautiful but they do require patience and practice.
Braids are easier with one-length hair that is a little damp.
Braids are ideal fly tying threads.
Braids are neither immune to bites, nor abrasion.
Braids are super strong in relation to their diameter, plus they are very limp.
Braids are the sought riddle.
Braids are trimming.
Braids are video games.
Braids can last up to six months, but varies from person to person.
Braids come in many styles and colours and all have different properies when in use.
Braids have a very useful property for some applications - they float.
Braids play an important role in our research.
Braids range from three to seven or more strands.
Braids woven to rest on shoulders and to fall forward onto chest is illegal.
All braids are available in static dissipative spools.
All braids are sold by the full spool and spool size can vary.
More braids make the neck look longer, and shorter braids make the neck look fuller.
Braided breads start with an even number of ropes as four, six or eight.
Braided channels make route-finding difficult and require more skill.
Braided channels produce horizontal deposits of sand during times of reduced discharge .
Braided channels provide shallow nurseries for young natives.
Braided climax flying lines receive additional protection during the impregnation process.
Braided composites can withstand high bending deformation without property degradation.
Braided composites made of stiffer axial yarns possess a higher axial tensile and bending modulus.
Braided hoses give increased fluid pressure for a more direct braking response.
Braided housing appears to be constructed of fine diameter wire finished into a tubular shape.
Braided leaders are more supple than their mono counterparts and therefore turn over very nicely.
Braided lines are great for trolling.
Braided lines are super thin, strong and cut weeds like a sharp lawnmower.
Braided lines pose no wear problems with the fuji SiC guides.
Braided nylon is white.
Braided polyester is the best cargo rope.
Braided ramps can require even more.
Braided rivers are usually wide but shallow.
Braided rivers flow North-South and deposit across plains.
Braided rivers spread out bank to bank and the big rivers get deceptively dangerous.
Braided ropes offer an inherently lower stretch design, a softer feel and less friction.
Braided rugs add wonderful country charm.
Braided rugs are a prime example.
Braided rugs are a welcome complement to any colonial or country decor.
Braided rugs are one of the most versatile and easily used rugs today.
Braided shields are also easier to attach to connectors than foil.
Braided streams are wide, shallow, and heavily loaded with sediment.
Braided streams have multiple channels that interconnect like the strands of a braid.
Braided strings eliminate tangles.
Braided wires are often suitable as an electromagnetic shield in noise-reduction cables.
Brailes are crowfoot dredges used to harvest freshwater mussels in the south.
Braille books are usually several volumes.
Braille books can be long.
Braille books have dots punched in paper instead of letters.
Braille cells represent the alphabet, numbers and punctuation.
Braille code is made up of Braille characters called cells.
Braille displays allow Web users who are deaf-blind to receive braille information from computers.
Braille displays are generally appropriate only for users skilled both in Braille and in computers.
Braille displays are often combined with other hardware and software to make up an integrated unit.
Braille displays can produce a single line of Braille or many lines.
Braille displays provide direct access to information on the computer screen and it is quiet.
Braille graphics are much in demand today for maps, mathematics, or just for fun.
Braille literacy involves reading, writing and the manipulation of text.
Braille literacy is just as important for the blind as print literacy is for the sighted.
Braille magazine focuses on community and home life.
Braille materials are also available on loan.
Braille materials are ready for use with tactile image paper and a thermal enhancer.
Braille music is also in demand from blind singers and musicians.
Braille output combines screen review software with a dynamic braille display.
Braille paper is placed on top of the pad for embossing.
Braille printers are significantly noisier than dot matrix or laser printers.
Braille printers convert text files into hard-copy braille.
Braille printers provide output for blind users.
Braille printers provide output.
Braille signage is available upon request.
Braille systems vary greatly around the world.
Braille text is available for visually impaired.
A braille is a point system
Braille also gives blind people more options in life.
Braille are strongly language-dependent.
Braille bears no visual resemblance to the written alphabet.
Braille can be special in a positive way.
Braille can open the world of learning and communicating to many of our students.
Braille comes in many different types and follows a series of very complex rules.
Braille consists of raised dots which can be read with a finger.
Braille copy after it comes off the press.
Braille develops reading system for the blind.
Braille has a rounded profile.
Braille is a certain pattern of bumps that make a letter.
Braille is a code of raised dots that allows the blind to read by touch.
Braille is a code of small, raised dots that can be read by touch.
Braille is a code which enables blind persons to read and write.
Braille is a much better bet.
Braille is a reading and writing system used by visually impaired people.
Braille is a representation of text that depends on the language being represented.
Braille is a special alphabet for people who are blind.
Braille is a system for reading and writing.
Braille is a system of raised dots that a blind person can read with their fingertips.
Braille is a system of raised dots which blind people can read with their fingers.
Braille is a system of reading and writing by touch used by the blind.
Braille is a system of reading and writing for the blind.
Braille is a system of touch reading and writing for blind people.
Braille is a tactile reading system used to present text to a reader who has a visual impairment.
Braille is a tiny target wandering around the Sun in the neighborhood of Earth and Mars .
Braille is a unique form of written communication.
Braille is a universal form of communication for any language and any culture.
Braille is a universal form of communication for many language and any culture.
Braille is a useful alphabet for blind people when they use computers.
Braille is a vital reading and writing tool for blind people.
Braille is also a perfect match for a student who is both deaf and blind.
Braille is also important.
Braille is also much more amenable to the close scrutiny which highly technical material requires.
Braille is also something people overlook.
Braille is an abstraction.
Braille is an alphabet that uses raised dots to represent letters.
Braille is an example of blind embossing.
Braille is an important skill for anyone who is blind or vision impaired.
Braille is an important skill.
Braille is an output alternative for people who are blind.
Braille is based on different combinations of six dots.
Braille is big and bulky and costly to produce.
Braille is bulky.
Braille is cheap and simple to produce but it is difficult to learn.
Braille is confirmed as a viable medium for conveying a message.
Braille is created by small pins that push the dots up from the back of the special heavy paper.
Braille is extremely bulky and requires a great deal of storage space.
Braille is in an eccentric orbit that passes inside the orbit of Mars.
Braille is in English.
Braille is intended for use by the visually impaired.
Braille is intrinsically a straight line notation.
Braille is just as important to a blind child as print is to a sighted child.
Braille is literacy for the tactual learner.
Braille is made up of a series of little bumps that stick up from a surface.
Braille is made up of two hundred and sixty three different configurations.
Braille is nearly impossible for a person with neuropathy, so speech is by far the best alternative.
Braille is now almost universal for writing for the blind.
Braille is one of the skills taught at our colleges.
Braille is our means of literacy.
Braille is portable, lightweight and versatile.
Braille is presented as an exciting and dynamic medium for communication.
Braille is presented by in a time-sequential manner.
Braille is purchased comprehensively from international sources.
Braille is read by lightly moving the fingers from left to right across the line of Braille.
Braille is read by moving the hand or hands from left to right along each line.
Braille is read from left to right using the index fingers on one or both hands.
Braille is relatively straightforward to produce.
Braille is static and dimentionnal as speech is volatile.
Braille is taught for both Arabic and English.
Braille is the format which blind persons use to read most of their materials.
Braille is the key to literacy and intellectual growth.
Braille is the key to literacy for people who are blind.
Braille is the most direct contact blind persons have with the written thoughts of others.
Braille is the most efficient.
Braille is the most widely accepted system of reading and writing for blind people.
Braille is the most widely used communication method for blind people.
Braille is the solution to the digital divide.
Braille is the system for accessing literal information by touching raised dots.
Braille is the written language of the blind.
Braille is to blind people what print is to sighted people.
Braille is used by many blind individuals.
Braille is used by the majority of persons who are visually impaired.
Braille is used only for alphabetic characters, numbers, and punctuation marks.
Braille is used with different languages today.
Braille is very bulky and unwieldy.
Braille is very interesting to learn by sight.
Braille is written with a combination of six raised dots on stiff white paper.
Braille is, after all, a tactual, hands-on means of reading and writing.
Braille is, however, much more expensive and slower for reading text.
Braille lettering is one such method of communication.
Braille libraries no longer stock and handle books.
Braille limits the width of tables, placing severe limits on column widths.
Braille only has one set of letters.
Braille opens the world of the analysis of literature and of higher math and the sciences.
Braille ought to be explored top to bottom, left to right, the antithesis of activation direction.
Braille remains a priority in the household.
Braille takes up a lot of space.
Braille takes up more room on the page than print.
Braille transmits the most information.
Braille uses a series of raised dots to represent letters or groups of letters.
Braille uses cells of six raised dots, in two columns of three dots.
Braille uses impressions on paper to create an alphabet, numbering system and punctuation.
Brailles are point systems.
Brailled symbols appear below the letters and numbers.
Brain abscess can be bacterial, fungal, or parasitic.
Brain abscess is a focal suppuration within the brain parenchyma.
Brain abscess is caused by bacteria, fungi or parasites.
Brain abscess is the only condtion in which fibroblasts proliferate within the brain parenchyma.
Brain abscess is uncommon in children.
Brain abscesses are bacterial infections in the skull and brain.
Brain abscesses are typically multilocular and well demarcated with thick walls.
Brain abscesses can also occur due to acute otitis media as can facial nerve paralysis.
Brain abscesses can develop due to lack of pulmonary capillary filtration of microorganisms.
Brain activities encourage memory-building skills.
Brain activity becomes more integrated and coherent.
Brain activity holds key to optimal separations.
Brain activity is at most part of mere particular action of the observer.
Brain activity is like the activity of a huge city.
Brain activity is mandatory.
Brain activity is measured in hertz, as is sound.
Brain activity is more like a footprint on the beach than like printed letters on the page.
Brain activity is observable, like behaviour.
Brain activity is unaltered however, and the animal remains fully conscious.
Brain activity is very complex.
Brain activity reflects acquisition of a conditional response to visually masked stimuli.
Brain activity slows down.
All brain activity occurs spontaneously, automatically, in response to challenge.
Some brain activities stimulate growth.
Brain aging is the number one cause of disease, disability, and death in the elderly.
Brain anatomy Look at pictures of dissections of the human brain.
Brain aneurysms are fairly common.
Brain aneurysms are treated is surgically.
Brain aneurysms can form at an early age.
Brain aneurysms can rupture, or break open, causing bleeding inside the skull.
Brain aneurysms occur in ten per cent of people with the disease.
Brain arteries can rupture when weak spots on the blood vessel wall break.
Brain atrophy caused by passive thought is a vicious cycle.
Brain atrophy means the brain matter has shrunk, often because brain cells are dying or dead.
Brain atrophy stretches bridging veins.
Brain attack is an emergency.
Brain attack is the leading cause of disability in the United States.
Brain biopsies are commonly diagnostic.
Brain biopsy can be diagnostic.
Brain biopsy is indicated in the patient with an encephalitis-like picture.
Brain cancer can occur at any age, but is most common among young and middle-aged adults.
Brain cancer is a disease where abnormal cells begin to grow in the brain tissue.
Brain cancer is a very devastating and debilitating form of cancer.
Brain cancer is cancer.
Brain cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in children.
Brain cancer starts in just one cell.
Brain cancers are always serious because as they grow they press on and destroy brain tissue.
Brain cancers are notoriously invasive, sending out tentacle-like columns of cells.
A brain cell is a neuron
Brain cells are a good thing to buy.
Brain cells are easy targets.
Brain cells are electrical connections that tell the body what to do.
Brain cells are in a constant dance of connectivity as impulses flow from cell to cell.
Brain cells are nerve cells.
Brain cells are part of brains.
Brain cells are sensitive to chemicals, substances in the blood and other brain fluids.
Brain cells are the first casualties of the loathsome excesses.
Brain cells are very vulnerable to the effects of alcohol.
Brain cells begin to die after just a few minutes without blood or oxygen.
Brain cells begin to die as soon as the heart stops pumping oxygen.
Brain cells can die from decreased blood flow and the resulting lack of oxygen.
Brain cells can die from lack of bloodflow, and thus effects of stroke can be permanent.
Brain cells can die with prolonged stress.
Brain cells can only survive for a few hours in a state of non-function.
Brain cells combine memory and operational functions into one immense cooperative network.
Brain cells come and brain cells go but fat cells live forever.
Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever.
Brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever.
Brain cells come, brain cells go.
Brain cells communicate by sending electrical signals in an orderly pattern.
Brain cells communicate with each other across small gaps called synapses.
Brain cells communicate with each other by electricity.
Brain cells communicate with each other using chemicals known as neurotransmitters.
Brain cells continue to die, and physical and mental functions continue to decline.
Brain cells depend on methylation as surely as liver cells.
Brain cells die off, and as a result muscles no longer get the message to move.
Brain cells die very quickly without healthy, oxygenated blood.
Brain cells die very quickly without oxygenated blood.
Brain cells die when deprived of the oxygen in blood.
Brain cells die, and memory and other brain functions begin to wither.
Brain cells die, interrupting motor commands to muscles and causing limbs to spasm.
Brain cells do continue to grow throughout our lives if they are appropriately nourished.
Brain cells do indeed multiply.
Brain cells have high levels of tyrosinase because there is high demand for dopamine, for example.
Brain cells have receptors for estrogen, which factors in growth.
Brain cells involved in thinking and memory communicate with one another in two fundamental ways.
Brain cells prefer glucose as a carbon source.
Brain cells produce electricity when they are active.
Brain cells produce very small amounts of choline, thereby necessitating dietary sources.
Brain cells proliferate and lifelong neuronal pathways are created.
Brain cells release dopamine to send signals of pleasure or reward for a person's behavior.
Brain cells require a constant supply of oxygen to stay healthy and function properly.
Brain cells stop functioning, pocket calculator batteries die, eyes mysteriously de-focus.
Brain cells take flight.
Brain cells understand only the language of nerve impulse patterns.
Brain cells use dopamine by binding the chemical to specific openings on their surfaces.
Brain cells work together, communicating by means of electric signals.
More brain cells develop and survive, post-synaptic terminals enlarge, and synapses multiply.
Most brain cells work just the way they are supposed to work.
Some brain cells are part of brains.
Some brain cells are part of heads.
Some brain cells become dormant due to a lack of oxygen, which can be caused by reduced blood flow.
Some brain cells have a chemical nature that causes nicotine from blood to attach.
Brain chemistry is irrelevant to recovery.
Brain chemistry regulates sleep and different drugs affect sleep in different ways.
Brain contusions are especially difficult to analyze.
A brain coral is a coral
Brain coral is a hard or stony coral.
Brain corals are an important reef building species throughout the tropics.
Brain corals are animals.
Brain corals are stony corals.
Brain corals extend their tentacles at night to catch food.
Brain corals get their name from the folds and turns in the coral skeleton.
Brain corals grow more slowly, but their solid skeletons stand strong in storms.
Brain damage associated with high bilirubin levels usually causes sensorineural hearing loss.
Brain damage begins in as few as four or five minutes without oxygen.
Brain damage begins to occur within four minutes if breathing stops.
Brain damage begins with the first symptom and progresses during a stroke.
Brain damage can also occur.
Brain damage can effect many areas of cognitive functioning.
Brain damage can have devastating consequences and recovery from such injuries can be difficult.
Brain damage can occur without any obvious sign.
Brain damage can produce a severe loss of function such as aphasia or agnosia.
Brain damage can produce startling perceptual effects.
Brain damage can result if breathing stops for five or more minutes.
Brain damage can result.
Brain damage can turn a person into a non person.
Brain damage exacts a heavy toll, yet again.
Brain damage has little to recommend it as an adjunct to art.
Brain damage is a bad thing.
Brain damage is a neurological disease
Brain damage is a possible long-term effect of encephalitis.
Brain damage is also possible.
Brain damage is an injury
Brain damage is injuries.
Brain damage is irreversible.
Brain damage is likely.
Brain damage is now a great possible answer to thinking.
Brain damage is often permanent, but it is preventable.
Brain damage is referred too by many names and acronyms.
Brain damage occurs in some cases of premature birth.
Brain damage resulting from suppression of lung and heart function is generally permanent.
Brain damage results from deficiencies.
Brain damage results from exposure.
Brain damage results from heavy exposure.
Brain damage results from iodine deficiencies.
Brain damage spreads as the blood flow is interrupted.
Brain death is a clinical diagnosis.
Brain death is a condition in which all indications of brain function have permanently ceased.
Brain death is a legal definition of death.
Brain death is an accepted medical, ethical and legal principal.
Brain death is an accepted medical, ethical and legal principle.
Brain death is an accepted medical, ethical, and legal principle.
Brain death is an established medical and legal diagnosis of death.
Brain death is death
Brain death is death.
Brain death is death.
Brain death is defined as irreversible cessation of all brain functions, including the brain stem.
Brain death is defined as the irreversible loss of all functions of the brain.
Brain death is defined by medical authorities as irreversible cessation of all brain activity.
Brain death is different from a coma.
Brain death is different.
Brain death is diseases.
Brain death is extremely traumatic to the family of the patient.
Brain death is harder.
Brain death is one situation which merits euthanasia.
Brain death is recognized as human death only in the context of organ transplantation in Japan.
Brain death is the irreversible absence of all brain function.
Brain death is the irreversible and complete cessation of all brain and brain stem function.
Brain death is the irreversible and permanent loss of all brain function.
Brain death is the irreversible loss of all function of the brain.
Brain death is the permanent and irreversible loss of all brain functions.
Brain death is total cessation of brain function, and there are tests to determine that.
Brain death is very different.
Brain death is when all brain activities cease.
Brain death is when the brain function stops forever.
Brain death marks human death in the scientific medical sense.
Brain death means that all brain function has ceased, and there is no possibility of revival.
Brain death means the patient is legally dead.
Brain death means there is a total absence of brain activity.
Brain death means there's a total absense of brain activity.
Brain death occurs in just four to six minutes unless the heart rhythm is restored.
Brain death occurs when the brain is starved of oxygen, usually after the heart stops beating.
Brain death refers to a condition when the brain losses all function.
Brain development continues throughout childhood and adolescence.
Brain development depends on an infant receiving needed nurturing and bonding with a parent.
Brain development depends on attention and affection.
Brain development is extremely susceptible to environmental influence.
Brain development is much more vulnerable to environmental influence than previously suspected.
Brain development is nonstop.
Brain development is non-stop.
Brain development is rapid.
Brain development is severly impaired.
Brain development is very dramatic in the first three years of life.
Brain development is very rapid.
Brain development takes places.
Most brain development occurs in utero.
Most brain development takes places.
Some brain development reduces ability.
Some brain development reduces cognitive ability.
A brain disease is a neurological disease
Brain diseases affect life.
Brain diseases afflict humans.
Brain diseases are the eighth leading cause of death.
Most brain diseases affect life.
Most brain diseases afflict humans.
Brain disorder is a neurological disease
Brain disorders account for more disability than any other disease.
Brain disorders are very common.
Brain disorders can affect people at any age - children, adolescents, adults and the elderly.
Brain disorders can and do strike our most vulnerable members of society-our children.
Brain disorders can be stressful to cope with but also alter temperament, emotion and thought.
Most brain disorders increase the affected person's risk of getting mental health problems.
A brain drain is a drain
Brain drain depletes Africa's petit bourgoisie.
Brain drain gives rise to poor leadership and corruption.
All brain events are physical events.
Brain evolution is very open ended.
Brain evolution relating to family, play, and the separation call.
A brain fever is meningitis
Brain fever is diffused heat from an inflamed cerebrum or cerebellum or their membranes.
Brain function declines when oxygen levels fall due to a high-fat diet.
Brain function improves, and that helps allay the fear or the depression.
Brain function is influenced for better or worse by drugs of various types.
Brain function is preserved yet horizontal seizure propagation is reduced.
Brain function relies on appropriate protein.
Brain function starts extremely early during the second month of pregnancy.
Any brain function lost is lost forever.
Brain gain can occur in two ways.
Brain growth occurs during periods.
Brain growth occurs during prenatal periods.
Brain gym helps bridge that gap.
Brain haemorrhage is the cure.
Brain hemorrhage can occur with no visible bruise, and sometimes symptoms take awhile to appear.
Brain hemorrhage is the limiting side effect of thrombolytic therapy.
Brain hemorrhages are the leading cause of death from bleeding in hemophilia.
Brain imaging enables new views of the involvement of the brain in various disorders and addictions.
Brain imaging involves analyzing activity within the brain while performing various tasks.
Brain imaging is necessary if structural disease of the central nervous system is suspected.
Brain imaging is warranted if a tumor or stroke is suspected.
Brain infarction is quite similar to an infarction in the heart, or heart attack.
Most brain infarctions are due to an arterial occlusion.
Many brain infections can leave a patient with parkinsonism.
Some brain infection leads to destruction.
Brain inflammation causes same symptoms.
Brain inflammation causes symptoms.
Most brain inflammation causes same symptoms.
Most brain inflammation causes symptoms.
Brain injuries are a significant risk factor for the subsequent development of violent behavior.
Brain injuries are common.
Brain injuries are extremely dangerous and are often fatal.
Brain injuries are forever.
Brain injuries are generally concussions, contusions, or lacerations.
Brain injuries are injuries.
Brain injuries are of special interest to the Firm.
Brain injuries are the leading cause of death and disability among children and young adults.
Brain injuries are the most frequent reasons for visits to physicians and emergency rooms.
Brain injuries can also occur by violent impacts that leave the skull undamaged.
Brain injuries can be either focal or diffuse.
Brain injuries can range from mild to severe, and so can the changes that result from the injury.
Brain injuries change the lives of people each day.
Brain injuries occur in a variety of different ways, and are more common than most people think.
Brain injuries place stumbling blocks in the lives of so many people in the United States.
Brain injuries take a long time to heal, and then require rehab.
Brain injury can affect the part of the brain connected with smell, known as the olfactory center.
Brain injury can be a catastrophic event which graphically affects a person and their family.
Brain injury can impair motor memories, a condition called apraxia.
Brain injury can lead to death or permanent disability.
Brain injury can lead to paralysis and other life impairing injuries.
Brain injury can occur in many ways.
Brain injury can transform a passive person into an aggressive one, and vice sa versa.
Brain injury causes structural and functional changes.
Brain injury encompasses traumatic brain injury, stroke, aneurysm, and other neurologic conditions.
Brain injury is a complicated matter, whether from a lack of oxygen or from physical trauma.
Brain injury is a far too common occurrence in athletics, especially football.
Brain injury is a life long injury.
Brain injury is a life-long disability .
Brain injury is a matter of degree in all human beings.
Brain injury is a reason but it is never an excuse .
Brain injury is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality following trauma.
Brain injury is a silent epidemic.
Brain injury is a thief.
Brain injury is about as depressing an event as can happen to an individual and family.
Brain injury is already the leading cause of death and disability among young adults.
Brain injury is called the silent epidemic.
Brain injury is costly.
Brain injury is described as open or closed.
Brain injury is forever.
Brain injury is one such event.
Brain injury is the leading cause of death among adolescents and young adults.
Brain injury is the leading cause of death and disability of children and young adults.
Brain injury is the leading cause of death in bicycle incidents.
Brain injury is the leading cause of death in motorcycle crashes.
Brain injury is the most serious injury suffered in a bicycle crash.
Brain injury is the number one killer and disabler of children in America.
Brain injury is the single largest cause of death and disability among young people.
Brain injury occurs in two stages.
Brain injury occurs suddenly, without warning, and from that instant a normal life can be changed.
Many brain injuries are mild, and symptoms usually disappear over time with proper attention.
Many brain injuries are the result of bruising, bleeding, twisting or tearing of brain tissue.
Most brain injuries are irreversible.
Most brain injuries are the result of an accident or an assault.
Most brain injuries result from moderate and minor head injuries.
Some brain injuries are caused by accidents.
Some brain injuries are caused by cerebral accidents.
Some brain injuries are caused by cerebral vascular accidents.
Some brain injuries are caused by vascular accidents.
Some brain injuries are mild, with symptoms disappearing over time with proper attention.
Some brain injuries cause small pupils and some cause dilated pupils.
Some brain injuries exhibit immediate symptoms.
Some brain injuries exhibit symptoms.
Some brain injuries result in death.
Some brain injuries suffered by motorcyclists cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to treat.
Brain lesions can impair number sense.
Brain metastases are an excellent target for radiosurgery.
Brain metastases are tumor cells that have traveled through the blood stream to enter the brain.
Brain metastases are tumors that arise from outside of the brain and spread to the brain.
Brain metastasis carry a poor prognosis and high morbidity.
Brain pathology shows marked spongiform change and extensive amyloid plaques throughout the brain.
Brain pathology shows marked spongiform change and extensive florid plaques throughout the brain.
Brain plasticity is one such area that helps in the functionality of the brain.
Brain power is more important than financial muscle.
Brain power is the most valuable power on the farm.
Brain power ranges from small dog to super genius, according to the power of their mainframe.
Some brain power becomes fine motor skills.
Some brain power becomes motor skills.
Some brain power becomes skills.
Many brain regions are active when the volunteers report feelings of rush.
Brain research continues to go on in all different areas and advances are made frequently.
Brain research fits in well with Constructivist views of learning.
Brain research is applied in the teaching script so children remember the words they have learned.
Brain research is one of the hottest topics in education today.
Brain research is the most significant medical research going on today.
Brain research provides why it is vitally important to introduce the arts with young children.
Brain research reviews Brain research.
Brain research shows importance of arts in education.
Brain research shows that certain types of music have beneficial effects on the brain.
Brain research shows that music and arts activities develop the intellect.
Brain research shows that physical punishment of young children causes brain damage.
Brain research shows that struggling readers have underdeveloped speech perception.
Brain research yields provocative insights into the miraculous workings of the human brain.
Much brain research seems to focus on what's common to human and other brains.
Brain researchers make discoveries.
Brain researchers make major discoveries.
Brain researchers talk about evidence.
Brain scans are certainly one of the reasons for the success of neurology.
Brain scans are medical procedures.
Brain scans are normal.
Brain scans help to increase certainty of brain death, but the diagnosis is primarily clinical.
Brain scans reveal different activity levels when the memory was false and when it was true.
Brain scans reveal why.
Brain scans show abnormal biochemistry in people who are depressed.
Brain scans show fewer nerve cell connections between the left and right halves of the brain.
Brain scans show that obese people, just like drug addicts, have fewer receptors for dopamine.
Brain scans show that puns and other types of joke are deciphered in different regions.
Brain scans show that the brain undergoes structural changes and actually shrinks with starvation.
Brain scans show two-sided memory flow.
Brain scans suggest some predisposed to violence.
Brain scans suggest that the same areas are used for both imaging and visual perception.
A brain science is neuroscience
Brain science can also help millions of kids with learning disabilities.
Brain science can be a tool for early childhood educators through the use of the senses.
Brain science seems to be still in a relatively primitive stage compared to many other sciences.
Brain size is another factor.
Brain size is no indication of the amount of intellect.
Brain size tends to vary according to body size .
Brain size varies considerably across species.
Some brain size increases over time.
Brain stimulation is important for people of all ages.
Brain stimulation is just one facet of the company's research.
A brain surgeon is a surgeon
Brain surgeons know that the mind is electrifying, and gives off an electric force field.
Brain surgeons prefer open minded patients.
Brain surgery has the ability to cure some patients and help most patients.
Brain surgery is a terrible profession.
Brain surgery is always risky and it is premature to say that transplantation works as a therapy.
Brain surgery is an operation
Brain surgery is one of the most delicate and difficult procedures in all of medicine.
Brain surgery is operations.
Brain surgery is serious stuff.
Brain surgery is the total opposite of customer service.
Brain surgery is usually the easiest part of a child's treatment.
Brain surgery requires precision, skill and a delicate touch.
Brain tissue appears to provide an avid enviroment for occurrence of free radical generation.
Brain tissue is crucial to understanding the virus' neurological effects, such as dementia.
Brain tissue is damaged due to lack of oxygen or from strokes causing bleeding into the brain.
Brain tissue is damaged or decomposed beyond recognition of at least two principal parts.
Brain tissue is damaged unnecessarily.
Brain tissue is damaged, and functioning is diminished.
Brain tissue is like a chicken egg.
Brain tissue is lost, some permanently.
Brain tissue is made of brain cells.
Brain tissue is made up of billions of tiny cells, called neurons or nerve cells.
Brain tissue is needed.
Brain tissue is nerve tissue.
Brain tissue is obtained by autopsy.
Brain tissue is particularly at risk.
Brain tissue is particularly sensitive to blood supply.
Brain tissue is processed for histological examination.
Brain tissue is tissue.
Brain tissue provides evidence that reinforces what is done in the lab.
Brain tissues grow rapidly, dividing and becoming a miniature brain that is distinctly human.
Brain transplants are possibilities.
Brain trauma is the leading cause of death among children and young adults.
A brain tumor is a tumor
Brain tumor are a rare cause of headaches.
Brain tumor biopsy showing a glioblastoma multiforme.
Brain tumor is a remote possibility.
Brain tumors are a cancer of both the body and the soul.
Brain tumors are abnormal masses in or on the brain.
Brain tumors are abnormal masses of cells that arise in the brain.
Brain tumors are complex and prone to misclassification and over treatment.
Brain tumors are difficult to treat because of limited agent penetration into the tumor.
Brain tumors are diseases.
Brain tumors are illnesses.
Brain tumors are more common than tumors of the spinal cord.
Brain tumors are now the leading cause of death from cancer in children.
Brain tumors are one of the fastest growing cancers today.
Brain tumors are resistant to currently available treatment and are associated with high mortality.
Brain tumors are the leading cause of death amongst the childhood cancers.
Brain tumors are the leading cause of death from childhood cancer.
Brain tumors are the most common solid tumor of childhood.
Brain tumors are the most common solid tumors in children.
Brain tumors are the most deadly of all the childhood cancers.
Brain tumors are the second most common cause of cancer death in children and young adults.
Brain tumors are the second most common childhood malignancy.
Brain tumors are the second most common malignancy of childhood after leukemias and lymphomas.
Brain tumors are the second most common type of cancer seen in children.
Brain tumors are the second most common type of cancer that occurs in children behind leukemia.
Brain tumors are tumors that grow in the brain.
Brain tumors are tumors.
Brain tumors are usually either gliomas or blastomas.
Brain tumors can also be benign or malignant.
Brain tumors can also be benign, meaning they are less aggressive.
Brain tumors can be a cause of vestibular disease if the signs fit with a central lesion.
Brain tumors can be extremely serious, even when noncancerous.
Brain tumors can be malignant of benign, and in either case can be life threatening.
Brain tumors can be malignant or benign and either case can be life-threatening.
Brain tumors can be malignant or benign, and in either case can be life threatening.
Brain tumors can either be benign or malignant.
Brain tumors can occur at any age.
Brain tumors can originate from many different types of brain cells.
Brain tumors cause many diverse symptoms so detection can be quite tricky.
Brain tumors die slowly.
Brain tumors fall into the same category.
Brain tumors occur in all age groups.
Brain tumors occur when a cell proliferates in an abnormal manner.
Brain tumors produce a variety of symptoms ranging from headache to stroke.
Brain tumors represent one of the most devastating malignancies affecting both children and adults.
Brain tumors represent the second most common pediatric tumor.
Brain tumors strike children and adults in the prime of life.
Brain tumors take many forms and affect people of all ages and backgrounds.
Some brain tumors are easier to remove and treat than others.
Some brain tumors can spread to other parts of the nervous system such as the spinal cord.
Some brain tumors cause memory.
Some brain tumors cause neurological symptoms.
Some brain tumors cause symptoms.
Some brain tumors destroy the brain tissue in which they grow.
Brain tumour is a tumor
Brain tumours are a complete enigma at the moment.
Brain tumours are comparatively easy to deal with if they occur.
Brain tumours are the most common cause of solid cancer in children.
Brain tumours are the second leading cause of cancer deaths in children.
Brain tumours are the second most common cancer in children.
Brain tumours can be benign or malignant.
Brain tumours can develop in the different types of cells found in the brain.
Brain tumours can obstruct the CSF flow, either by their bulk or by causing brain swelling.
Brain washing is obviously most effective on the weak minded, or young children.
A brain wave is a natural phenomenon
Brain waves are a more complicated matter.
Brain waves are a reflection of central functions of the brain, as well as states of consciousness.
Brain waves are but a symptom of the process, whereby the brain, as an organ, hums to itself.
Brain waves are different from hypnosis and sleep.
Brain waves are electrical.
Brain waves are frequencies of electrical energy that the brain produces.
Brain waves are large and slow, rather like mountains.
Brain waves are like radio waves.
Brain waves are slow and become almost coma-like.
Brain waves are slow and low-voltage.
Brain waves are the voltage patterns generated by the brain.
Brain waves arise from synchronized neural activity.
Brain waves become abnormal when the brain is damaged or the function disturbed.
Brain waves begin as early as forty days.
Brain waves change frequencies based on neural activity within the brain.
Brain waves look like the waking pattern.
Brain waves occur at various frequencies, that is, some are quick, some quite slow.
Brain waves play a role, too.
Brain waves slow down.
Brain waves slow even further.
Brain waves speed up.
Brain waves tend to decline.
A brain is a neural structure
Brain accept it as color.
Brain allows sleeper to resume sleeping.
Brain asymmetries and sentence understanding.
Brain atlases and an atlas of the thoracic viscera are currently available.
Brain autopsy provides definite confirmation of the diagnosis.
Brain based instruction is an integral part of all areas of study.
Brain begins the new strain of computer viruses for PC-compatible machines.
Brain changes with successful antidepressant trreatment.
Brain check time.
Brain chimes deafening the wailing from piercing darts dipped in unforgiveness.
Brain compares the level of sound wave to a table based on life time experience.
Brain consists of billions pulsing devices called neurons.
Brain continues to demylenate.
Brain continues to run, and gets about halfway to the safety of the stadium walls.
Brain coordinates movement of muscles and organs.
Brain crawls onto the vent panel and looks carefully down, pondering.
Brain cry across any bee that supply table tennis.
Brain does is weigh up the demand for a topic or keyword against the supply.
Brain drain The migration of skilled workers out of a country.
Brain drains, and opportunities for educated people in less developed countries.
Brain dumps The workshop captured and imprisoned a range of impressive talent.
Brain dystrophin differs slightly from muscle dystrophin in structure and in function.
Brain emits fast beta waves when a person is really interested in a particular presentation.
Brain enolases as specific markers of neuronal and glial cells.
Brain expects the petition drive and then the secession vote to succeed.
Brain explains how things such as toilets, Web pages, and sleep works.
Brain faces up to fear, social signs.
Brain facts thru numbers.
Brain falls to side lain on.
Brain feels loose.
Brain feels sore.
Brain feels tired.
Brain feels torn.
Brain feels very tired .
Brain feels wrapped up.
Brain fills the head and nerves innervate scalids.
Brain frying drum solos elevate the sensational aspect of the performance.
Brain gets holes.
Brain holds a wide range of community contact information.
Brain imaging on humans show immediate changes in blood flow whenever our mind is stimulated.
Brain is a boot sector infector, somewhat longer than some of the more recent BSIs.
Brain is a complex organ with billions of cells, and they make zillions of connections.
Brain is a delightful young teenager now.
Brain is a funny name to have.
Brain is a neuro-chemical complex.
Brain is a prototype based, object-oriented scripting language.
Brain is dead, feet are lead.
Brain is incapable of multi-tasking.
Brain is miso soup.
Brain is no stranger to epiphany.
Brain is only material - a part of the human body.
Brain is precocious in organ systems of all mammals.
Brain is relatively large.
Brain is required for voluntary movements.
Brain is severely underdeveloped.
Brain is the centre of mental processes where sensations are registered and actions are initiated.
Brain is the equivalent of Earth last year, one block back from the Esplanade.
Brain is the most important of all.
Brain is very sensitive to anoxia - structural changes occur within seconds.
Brain isa body part.
Brain just has a lot of bad luck.
Brain keep without an meal yet was panasonic television.
Brain laughs derisively.
Brain likes reading.
Brain likes thrill of unknown.
Brain looks at the ship dejectedly as it leaves the ground.
Brain makes chaos to make sense of the world.
Brain mean inside whatever snowboarding - general.
Brain meets Brawn ' .
Brain metastases causing symptoms also require immediate treatment.
Brain metastases in children with malignant melanoma.
Brain metastases in children with solid tumors.
Brain metastases in epithelial ovarian carcinoma.
Brain metastases in osteosarcoma.
Brain metastases is one of the most common conditions treated with radiation therapy.
Brain perhaps compares the two to give a sense of depth.
Brain pleads for mercy.
Brain processes mediate behavior and form precedes and determines behavior.
Brain reaches maturity.
Brain requires direct use of glucose for energy.
Brain res .
Brain responds to pain with marijuana-like substance.
Brain responses to nouns, verbs, and class ambiguous words in context.
Brain seems torn, shattered or crushed.
Brain sends message to lower back and leg muscles, stoop, bow, duck.
Brain starts to find the link.
Brain stem ii.
Brain stem involvement with lupus also causes a variety of symptoms.
Brain still hurts too much to think about it.
Brain surgeons themselves often make unreliable evaluations.
Brain surround among many tongue whether conquer skiequipment.
Brain swelling from reduced sodium levels in the blood can kill, as can a ruptured bladder.
Brain takes emotional sides for sexes.
Brain takes time to catch up with what has happened.
Brain tells lung to breathe fast .
Brain travels to Seattle.
Brain tries to use Merlin's book of spells to take over the world.
Brain turns, and aims the laser again at Pinky, and fires.
Brain walks to the window and looks out.
Brain waves Six weeks after conception signals from the fetal brain can be detected.
Brain work with a circus theme.
Brains actually start developing before birth.
Brains advance by increasing the number of representations of sensory surfaces.
Brains are a bit messy.
Brains are about to be outpaced by one of their products.
Brains are academic journals.
Brains are an asset to the woman in love who's smart enough to hide 'em.
Brains are available with a wide variety of communication links and protocols.
Brains are better at learning than are digital computers.
Brains are better than brawn.
Brains are complexs.
Brains are control units.
Brains are expensive things.
Brains are extremely complex .
Brains are extremely complex.
Brains are for important tasks, like thinking.
Brains are good.
Brains are hand-made from acryllic yarn, they are completely machine washable and dryable.
Brains are hungry for oxygen.
Brains are inside animals.
Brains are intelligence.
Brains are internal organs.
Brains are intrinsically unstable.
Brains are Lebanon's most valuable export.
Brains are located in people.
Brains are located in skulls.
Brains are made of neurons that connect to each other with axons.
Brains are made of neurons.
Brains are necessary here, people.
Brains are necessary.
Brains are never enough.
Brains are nothing.
Brains are optional.
Brains are organs.
Brains are part of bodies.
Brains are part of heads.
Brains are part of human bodies.
Brains are part of nervous systems.
Brains are part of people.
Brains are practical.
Brains are rather slow to settle into a stable pattern of activation.
Brains are sexy.
Brains are software.
Brains are spoon food.
Brains are such an under utilized part of the human anatomy.
Brains are the most elegantly organized bundles of matter in the universe.
Brains are the outgrowth of simpler systems for sensing and adjusting to the environment.
Brains are the seat of rational thought, but mixed in are the drives and moods of the emotions.
Brains are used for thinking.
Brains are used for thinks.
Brains are very high in fat, as is bone marrow.
Brains are very similar to corneas.
Brains are where almost all important interaction among memes takes place.
Brains are, in essence, anticipation machines.
Brains attract brains.
Brains become activated.
Brains can and do develop with exercise.
Brains can decline in their power to function just as knees can wear out.
Brains can substitute for dollars.
Brains cause minds.
Brains change as a result of the experiences they live.
Brains come in all kinds of flavors.
Brains consist of gray matter.
Brains consist of matter.
Brains control activities.
Brains control behavior.
Brains control body movement.
Brains control cognitive functions.
Brains control complex behavior.
Brains control functions.
Brains control glands.
Brains control movement.
Brains control pituitary glands.
Brains control responses.
Brains control sexual responses.
Brains control sweat glands.
Brains control vital functions.
Brains control voluntary movement.
Brains count on paper, but looks count in front of the camera.
Brains count today.
Brains count, but persistence and ingenuity count most.
Brains derive awesome problem-solving abilities from two characteristics of their individual cells.
Brains detect radio waves.
Brains detect waves.
Brains develop better when people work together, in a society that values intelligence.
Brains drain once every two or three weeks regarding chapters' information.
Brains exhibit diverse patterns.
Brains exhibit patterns.
Brains facilitate complex interaction.
Brains facilitate complex social interaction.
Brains facilitate interaction.
Brains facilitate social interaction.
Brains feature lobes.
Brains filter out as well as filter in.
Brains follow stages of readiness as they develop.
Brains get past correct tankobstructed values.
Brains go haywire.
Brains go where money is.
Brains go where truth and justice prevail.
Brains have (part) axons.
Brains have (part) brain cells.
Brains have (part) brainstems.
Brains have (part) cell membranes.
Brains have (part) cerebellums.
Brains have (part) corpi.
Brains have (part) cytoplasm.
Brains have (part) dendrites.
Brains have (part) nuclei.
Brains have (part) plasma membranes.
Brains have (part) sections.
Brains have (part) vacuoles.
Brains have (part) ventricles.
Brains have ability.
Brains have bodily functions.
Brains have causal structures.
Brains have cerebellums.
Brains have cerebrums.
Brains have certain characteristics.
Brains have characteristics.
Brains have different functions.
Brains have effects.
Brains have energy.
Brains have especially high oxygen requirements.
Brains have functions.
Brains have innate ability.
Brains have inner structures.
Brains have large optic lobes.
Brains have layers.
Brains have lobes.
Brains have neocortexs.
Brains have optic lobes.
Brains have other ways of getting into the food supply, though.
Brains have receptors.
Brains have sex.
Brains have structures.
Brains have term effects.
Brains have trouble.
Brains help pigs.
Brains increase and intelligence excels .
Brains learn like lungs breathe and hearts pump blood.
Brains make decisions.
Brains mediate between sensors and motors.
Brains perform functions.
Brains produce growth hormones.
Brains produce hormones.
Brains really exist and have been studied for quite some time.
Brains receive blood.
Brains register just about as many letters at a certain eye performance.
Brains regulate activities.
Brains regulate behavior.
Brains regulate motor activities.
Brains release chemicals.
Brains respond differently.
Brains respond to stimulation.
Brains retain information that is framed by episodes and events.
Brains stick with brains.
Brains thrive on challenges, new and unique experiences, feedback, and changes in the environment.
Brains thrive to survive .
Brains too consist of relatively simple things interacting in relatively simple ways .
Brains too consist of relatively simple things interacting in relatively simple ways.
Brains too pass on ideas just like life forms pass on genes.
Brains trigger breathe responses.
Brains trigger physiological responses.
Brains trigger responses.
Brains trigger specific responses.
Brains undergo atrophy, Pickled in more than beer.
Brains use cells called neurons to store and manipulate information.
Brains weigh more than beef.
Brains win out in the end Now.
Brains work best when properly fed and restored.
Brains work better when they are well-rested and refreshed.
Brains work better when they're well rested and healthy.
Brains work differently.
All brains welcome.
Any brain probably has structural anomalies.
Every brain comes equipped.
Every brain has a trillion images.
Every brain is a gallery of art, and every soul is, to a greater or less degree, an artist.
Every brain is a uniquely-organized system.
Every brain is both a sending and a receiving station.
Every brain is unique.
Every brain needs a good rest.
Every brain simultaneously perceives and creates parts and wholes.
Most brains are inside animals.
Most brains consist of gray matter.
Most brains consist of matter.
Most brains control cognitive functions.
Most brains control complex behavior.
Most brains control pituitary glands.
Most brains control responses.
Most brains control sexual responses.
Most brains control sweat glands.
Most brains control vital functions.
Most brains control voluntary movement.
Most brains detect radio waves.
Most brains detect waves.
Most brains exhibit diverse patterns.
Most brains facilitate complex interaction.
Most brains facilitate complex social interaction.
Most brains facilitate interaction.
Most brains facilitate social interaction.
Most brains have ability.
Most brains have bodily functions.
Most brains have causal structures.
Most brains have cerebellums.
Most brains have cerebrums.
Most brains have certain characteristics.
Most brains have characteristics.
Most brains have different functions.
Most brains have effects.
Most brains have energy.
Most brains have functions.
Most brains have inner structures.
Most brains have large optic lobes.
Most brains have layers.
Most brains have lobes.
Most brains have optic lobes.
Most brains have receptors.
Most brains have structures.
Most brains have term effects.
Most brains have trouble.
Most brains help pigs.
Most brains make decisions.
Most brains perform functions.
Most brains produce growth hormones.
Most brains produce hormones.
Most brains receive blood.
Most brains regulate activities.
Most brains regulate behavior.
Most brains regulate motor activities.
Most brains release chemicals.
Most brains respond to stimulation.
Most brains trigger breathe responses.
Most brains trigger physiological responses.
Most brains trigger specific responses.
Most brains use it to make neurotransmitters needed for fast reactions and quick thinking.
Most brains use it to make neurotransmitters which induce sleepiness and calm.
Some brain cysts cause focal seizures.
Some brains are affected by diseases.
Some brains are like cement - all mixed up and permanently set.
Some brains are located in reptiles.
Some brains cause headaches.
Some brains cause severe headaches.
Some brains connect limbs.
Some brains consist of bones.
Some brains control lungs.
Some brains detect high temperature.
Some brains detect temperature.
Some brains fill cavities.
Some brains have modules.
Some brains have spots.
Some brains respond to the imbalance quicker than others.
Some brains wait until the pain is crippling and incapacitating.
A brainchild is a product
Brainchild is on the far edge of cyberpunk.
Brainchild is the only manufacturer today able to offer such a wide variety of training solutions.
A brainiac is an intellectual
Brainiacs can also select from number puzzles, brain teasers, word puzzles and paradoxes.
Brainiacs can also select from number puzzles, brain teasers, word searches, and paradoxes.
Brainiacs can read more here .
Brainiacs complain .
Brainpower also offers virtual corporation services such as back office operations.
Brainpower drives the insurgence.
Brainpower is a great wonder.
Brainpower is intelligence
Brainpower is more important than ever, but education seems more backward than ever.
Brainpower is the state's most critical resource.
Brainpower is the ultimate capital .
Brainpower then assembles a team that develops a seamless relationship with the entrepreneur.
Brains cells begin dying within a few minutes of a stroke's onset.
Brainstem isa body part.
Brainstems have (part) corpi.
Brainstems have (part) hierarchies.
Brainstems release neurotransmitters.
Brainstems release primary neurotransmitters.
Most brainstems release primary neurotransmitters.
Some brainstems are part of brains.
Some brainstems are part of heads.
Some brainstems have advantage.
Brainstorm approaches to the next steps in the improvement process.
Brainstorm is an understanding
Brainstorm needs and wants within the home or local community.
More brainstorms are on the way.
Brainstorming is group actions.
A brainwave is an understanding
Brainwave isa phenomenon.
Brainwaves are really just zeros and ones too.
Brainwaves are through the roof.
Brainy birds enjoy dismantling puzzle toys and untying knots.
Braised lamb shank with polenta.
Braised lamb shank, kebobs, couscous, Cornish hen.
Braised lamb shanks with white beans.
A braising is a cooking
Braising are cooking.
Braising calms the pungency of endive and escarole.
Braising includes both dry and moist cooking methods.
Braising involves long, slow cooking in liquid under low to moderate heat.
Braising is a close cousin to stewing.
Braising is a good procedure for brisket.
Braising is a method of cooking with a small amount of liquid in a tightly covered dish.
Braising is a moist-heat method similar to the oven cooking bag method.
Braising is also an excellent way to cook vegetables.
Braising is an ideal way to prepare less-tender cuts of meat, firm fleshed fish and vegetables.
Braising is easy.
Braising is more often for large pieces of meat while stewing is used for smaller pieces of meat.
Braising is rather a no-brainer compared to welding.
Braising is used mainly with meats that require longer cooking times in order to become tender.
Braising is well suited to inexpensive, flavorful cuts of meat, like brisket and pot roast.
Braising keeps the meat moist and results in a delicious sauce without the use of cream or butter.
Braising refers to cooking food with a small amount of liquid in a tightly covered pan.
Braising requires careful attention and long cooking time.
Braising requires liquid only to cover and can be done in as little as twenty minutes.
Braising transforms a cheap, tough piece of meat into a meltingly tender, rich, succulent dish.
Brake caliper rotates to the bottom of rotor.
Brake calipers are the first item out of the box.
Brake calipers fail, accidents, etc.
Brake discs are larger for better braking.
Brake dust is produced during the friction of braking.
Brake dust is very corrosive.
Brake fade is a temporary condition caused by high temperatures generated by repeated hard braking.
Brake fade occurs when the pads and rotors are overheated.
Brake fluid absorbs moisture from the atmosphere.
Brake fluid absorbs moisture.
Brake fluid contains chemicals.
Brake fluid gets thick.
Brake fluid is checked here.
Brake fluid is clear and slightly oily, with a medicinal smell.
Brake fluid is hygroscopic.
Brake fluid is intermittently compressed and released in the wheel cylinder or caliper.
Brake fluid is relatively cheap and painless to change.
Brake fluid is tan, nearly clear.
Brake fluids tend to absorb water.
All brake fluid is bled by a vacuum system.
Most brake fluid contains chemicals.
Brake horsepower is measured by taking a drum filled with a fluid and attaching that to an engine.
Brake horsepower is the horsepower required to drive the compressor at rated conditions.
Brake horsepower is the rating most widely used by engineers.
Brake levers are abysmal.
Brake light is a visual signal
Brake lights are functional as well as each vehicle's headlights.
Brake lights flash with the rear flashers when the car is in park.
Some brake light is part of ambulances.
Some brake light is part of automobiles.
Some brake light is part of autos.
Some brake light is part of cars.
Some brake light is part of dumpers.
Some brake light is part of go-karts.
Some brake light is part of motorbikes.
Some brake light is part of pickups.
Some brake light is part of taxis.
Some brake light is part of trucks.
Brake lines are another most often considered item.
Brake lines are to be routed and mounted properly to insure no contact with moving parts.
Brake linings rub against brake drums and generate the force needed to stop a truck.
A brake pad is a constraint
Brake pads are accessible for easy inspectionand replacement without removal of a wheel and tire.
Brake pads are free.
Brake pads are important safety devices in vehicles.
Brake pads are restraint.
Brake pads come in a variety of compounds.
Brake pads have a wear line which indicates how much life is left in the brake.
Brake pads push out against the drum, which is mounted on one side of the front and back wheels.
Some brake pads produce friction.
A brake pedal is a lever
Brake pedal features optimized ratio to match integrated rear brake master cylinder design.
Brake pedal features optimized ratio to match integrated rear master cylinder design.
Brake pedal feel is light, yet precise.
Brake pedal travels for too long.
Brake pedal turn off.
Brake pedals are part of hydraulic brakes.
Brake pedals are pedals.
A brake shoe is a constraint
Brake shoes are cheaper to replace when they wear out than clutches are.
Brake shoes are generally the only items needed for a long time.
Brake shoes are part of drum brakes.
Brake shoes are restraint.
Brake shoes are shoes.
Brake shoes scream on rusty corroded tracks.
Brake squeal is heard when engine speed is reduced.
Brake squeals get old fast.
Some brake systems are part of ambulances.
Some brake systems are part of automobiles.
Some brake systems are part of autos.
Some brake systems are part of cars.
Some brake systems are part of dumpers.
Some brake systems are part of go-karts.
Some brake systems are part of motorbikes.
Some brake systems are part of pickups.
Some brake systems are part of taxis.
Some brake systems are part of trucks.
A brake is a constraint
Brake arise Opportunity from most second except many America.
Brake cables only.
Brake cooling openings are prominent in the front fascia and rear fenders.
Brake drum out of round.
Brake feel and power is excellent.
Brake isa device.
Brake lights on, turn signal flashing, or white back-up lights on.
Brake pages down into several pages, with as few and, small of graphics files as posable.
Brake presses rubber tip to floor when weight is applied.
Brakes allow for significant benefits for the next generation of advanced friction materials.
Brakes also get hot.
Brakes are a bit weak but effective with a lot of pull.
Brakes are a common area where repair estimates can be inflated.
Brakes are a deep subject.
Brakes are a fixed belt running over a V pulley on the rear axle.
Brakes are a fixed v belt around a pulley on the axle.
Brakes are a lot cheaper than transmissions.
Brakes are a problem on longer downhills.
Brakes are also heavy so take that into consideration as well.
Brakes are also helpful to stop or slow down for turns.
Brakes are another area where consumables can add up in a hurry.
Brakes are another area which have had a lot of attention.
Brakes are another important thing to check.
Brakes are as easy and simple to operate as ever.
Brakes are brushs.
Brakes are carriage.
Brakes are Cleveland.
Brakes are continuous problem.
Brakes are disc all around - and antilock, too.
Brakes are disc all around, and both models get a limited-slip differential.
Brakes are disc in front and drum in back, with anti-lock standard.
Brakes are disc in front and drum in back.
Brakes are disc on each wheel and anti-lock is standard.
Brakes are discs all round, with ABS and traction control.
Brakes are discs at the front and drums at the rear, and an anti-lock system is standard.
Brakes are discs in front, drums in rear.
Brakes are discs in the front and drums in the rear.
Brakes are easily adjustable, and can even beset at a certain resistance level for long descents.
Brakes are excellent as is the stereo.
Brakes are excellent as well.
Brakes are excellent.
Brakes are ferns.
Brakes are fine.
Brakes are for stopping and emergencies.
Brakes are four-wheel antilock discs.
Brakes are four-wheel antilock, disc in front and drum at the rear.
Brakes are four-wheel discs now, with vastly improved performance.
Brakes are four-wheel discs with aluminum rear calipers.
Brakes are four-wheel ventilated discs at all four corners.
Brakes are free.
Brakes are front discs and rear drums, and anti-lock is optional.
Brakes are front discs with rear drums.
Brakes are good and the ride is smooth.
Brakes are great at stopping.
Brakes are great.
Brakes are huge.
Brakes are important to get into the corners.
Brakes are inboard-mounted power disc brakes.
Brakes are just about everything at the place.
Brakes are large four-wheel antilock discs.
Brakes are large, heavy-duty discs on all four corners, and ABS is standard on all models.
Brakes are located in cars.
Brakes are necessity.
Brakes are no good.
Brakes are optional.
Brakes are part of cars.
Brakes are power assisted front ventilated disc and drum rear.
Brakes are power four-wheel discs with standard antilocks.
Brakes are powerful.
Brakes are quite effective, with good pedal feel.
Brakes are restraint.
Brakes are servo-operated.
Brakes are slow to respond.
Brakes are something to check periodically.
Brakes are strong and powerful, with anti-lock standard across the board.
Brakes are strong and the engine gutsy.
Brakes are terrible.
Brakes are the order of the day as no where else on the circuit are they more in demand.
Brakes are the result of years of continuous research and improvement.
Brakes are tremendously strong, offering drivers good pedal modulation and decent feedback.
Brakes are two triangles of mesh being fixed between kite sail and spreader.
Brakes are used for stops.
Brakes are very important also.
Brakes are weak, but improve with time.
Brakes are what hedge funds can be all about.
Brakes Bring one extra set of pads per driver.
Brakes can also pull.
Brakes can fail when forced to work too hard.
Brakes can get out of adjustment quickly, especially when they are hot.
Brakes consist of dual discs up front and a single rear disc.
Brakes generate friction.
Brakes generate heat.
Brakes have (part) sections.
Brakes have been upgraded to electric, all is in working condition.
Brakes have effects.
Brakes have large discs both front and rear and a standard antilock system.
Brakes have power.
Brakes increase the amount of friction on the wheel, allowing the rider to slow or stop.
Brakes inspire confidence to, allowing rapid progress, even in the dark.
Brakes Make both slow and hard stops.
Brakes now work for the first time in a year.
Brakes offer a safe, gradual rear leg braking action and smooth forward movement.
Brakes operate independently or simultaneously on each side of axle.
Brakes produced in Jackson go to sites in North America, South America, Europe, and even China.
Brakes provide plenty.
Brakes provide power.
Brakes rebuilt including master and slave cylinders.
Brakes release prior to taxi.
Brakes remain discs at the front and drums at the rear.
Brakes require analyses.
Brakes require brake line pressure.
Brakes require pressure.
Brakes require static pressure.
Brakes slow a car down by converting motion energy to heat energy.
Brakes stay on-sometimes all day.
Brakes still screeches.
Brakes Throw away the standard hoses and use braided steel ones.
Brakes use mechanical methods.
Brakes use methods.
Brakes use power.
Brakes wear out.
Brakes work because friction acts against slip.
Brakes work differently, so proceed with caution.
Brakes work far better on aluminium alloy rims than they do on steel rims.
Brakes work very well.
Brakes work well.
All brakes drag, but brake adjustment is correct.
Most brakes generate friction.
Most brakes generate heat.
Most brakes have barrel adjustments near the lever that can be easily used to set proper tension.
Most brakes have effects.
Most brakes have power.
Most brakes provide plenty.
Most brakes provide power.
Most brakes require analyses.
Most brakes require brake line pressure.
Most brakes require pressure.
Most brakes require static pressure.
Most brakes use mechanical methods.
Most brakes use methods.
Most brakes use power.
Some brakes are part of buggies.
Some brakes are part of bulldozers.
Some brakes are part of carriage.
Some brakes are part of carts.
Some brakes are part of chariots.
Some brakes are part of drays.
Some brakes are part of go-carts.
Some brakes are part of gondolas.
Some brakes are part of lorries.
Some brakes are part of prams.
Some brakes are part of pushchairs.
Some brakes are part of scooters.
Some brakes are part of strollers.
Some brakes are part of tanks.
Some brakes are part of tractors.
Some brakes are part of tricycles.
Some brakes are part of trolleys.
Some brakes are part of wagons.
Some brakes are part of wheelbarrows.
Some brakes use electric motors.
Some brakes use motors.
Braking are guidings.
Bramble bushes have long, thorny, arching shoots and root easily.
Bramble cultivars are separated into several categories based on their growth habit.
Some bramble flowers provide food.
Bramble fruits are aggregate fruits .
Bramble sharks eat a variety of bony fishes, small sharks, and crabs.
Bramble sharks have skin.
Most bramble sharks have skin.
Some bramble studies have aphoristic wisdom as one of their built-in hallmarks.
A bramble is a tracheophyte
Bramble isa tracheophyte.
Brambles also offers gifts for young children and for baby showers.
Brambles are aggressive woodland plants.
Brambles are also notoriously difficult to kill.
Brambles are an ideal crop for both large and small farms.
Brambles are biennials that emerge in two stages.
Brambles are good candidates for home fruit production.
Brambles are woody plants.
Brambles are, in some ways, the perfect home garden plant.
Brambles have (part) cell membranes.
Brambles have (part) cells.
Brambles have (part) corpi.
Brambles have (part) cytoplasm.
Brambles have (part) nuclei.
Brambles have (part) plasma membranes.
Brambles have (part) sections.
Brambles have (part) vacuoles.
Brambles have (part) xylem.
Brambles have ability.
Brambles have no known health issues, appearing to boast being an extremely hardy breed.
Brambles have perennial root systems and biennial canes.
Brambles have upright and arching to trailing stems arising from root buds.
Brambles obtain practically all their moisture from the top two feet of soil.
Brambles prefer a sandy loam soil that contains lots of organic matter.
Brambles prefer sandy loams or loams to coarse sands or clays.
Brambles produce fruit the second year after planting.
Brambles produce fruit.
Most brambles have ability.
Most brambles produce fruit.
Some brambles have adverse effects.
Some brambles have effects.
Some brambles live for years.
Some brambles provide protection.
Bran castle is simply an invention.
A bran flake is a dry cereal
Bran flakes make ideal wholemeal alternatives to fish food.
A bran muffin is a gem
Bran muffins try to masquerade as healthy.
Bran contains phytic acid which chelates calcium further reducing the level of dietary calcium.
Bran contains several nutrients of major importance, two of which are fiber and essential oils.
Bran is fiber
Bran is roughage.
Bran reluctantly complies with a public announcement.
Bran tends to link with iron and carry it out in the stool.
Brans are especially rich in dietary fiber , protein, vitamins and minerals.
Branch campuses exist in Albuquerque and in southern New Mexico as well.
Branch campuses provide convenient access by students and local businesses and organizations.
Branch circuits Draw the interconnect wiring of the branch circuits.
All branch ends turn up to the sun . . .
Branch instructions can cause pipeline to be flushed.
Branch instructions effect a transfer of control flow to a new address.
Branch instructions employ static branch prediction.
Branch libraries are also available.
Branch libraries are responsible for preparing their own materials.
Branch libraries exist in many local churches.
Branch libraries have limited periodical collections, keeping two years of most titles.
Branch libraries have periodicals in their subject areas.
Branch libraries have small collections of basic reference books and community information.
Branch libraries have small collections of popular titles about Alaska and the north.
Branch libraries have small collections of reference material and periodicals.
Branch libraries offer special visitor service.
Branch libraries provide limited services designed to meet more general needs.
Branch libraries provide reserve services for materials in their collections' subject areas.
Branch libraries raise questions.
Branch libraries serve students in pharmacy, architecture and chemistry.
Branch libraries vary in size, opening hours, and the extent of the services offered to the public.
Branch libraries work closely with community organisations and associations.
All branch libraries are accessible.
All branch libraries are wheelchair accessible.
All branch libraries have an after-hours book return chute.
All branch libraries have photocopiers and fax machines available for public use.
All branch libraries offer free access to the Internet.
Every branch library offers at least one computer with word processing and spreadsheet software.
Most branch libraries are open in the evenings and weekends.
Most branch libraries have a study room for a quiet place to study.
Most branch libraries have a web page which gives details of the library and it's services.
Most branch libraries have computers and printers available for public use.
Most branch libraries have tax assistance programs during tax season.
A branch line is a line
Branch lines are the rail lines that connect to the far busier main lines.
Branch lines run to other areas.
Branch managers being transferred from one location to another is commonplace.
Branch managers choose the investor, they choose the price.
Branch migration is an isoenergetic process that occurs spontaneously.
Every branch of biology is covered, from evolution to taxonomy to physiology to ecology.
Branches of government are secondary to people just finding what they want.
Every branch of government is involved.
All branches of knowledge are actually branches of theology.
Branches of medicine are things like dermatology and neurology.
Every branch of medicine is full of possibilities.
Some branches of medicine support the use of nutritional supplements in the treatment of disease.
Some branches of philosophy do.
All branches of science contribute.
Most branches of science depend heavily upon the concept of randomness.
Most branches of sciences contain principles obtained from physics.
Branch of service is immaterial.
Every branch of service needs a song to identify with.
Branch office openings Regional expansions.
Branch offices are a centralized network management challenge.
Branch offices are available at major state universities.
Branch offices are in the left column with corresponding sales offices to the right.
Branch offices are responsible to the district office within whose boundaries it is located.
Branch offices can be risky business.
Branch offices help auto dealers make credit decisions and process loan funding.
Branch offices located in different states compound the problem even more.
Branch offices report slow performance.
Branch offices use to file thousands of statements each month.
All branch offices have census information available to the public.
Some branch offices are open in the afternoon.
Some branch offices offer extended banking hours.
Some branch offices open in afternoon.
Branch patterns create effects.
Branch patterns create zigzag effects.
Branch plants differ in many ways from single-unit plants.
Branch plants tend to pay higher wages and to be more productive than single-unit plants.
Branch points are less well studied.
Branch prediction is used with speculative execution .
Branch prediction is used with speculative execution.
Many branch predictors use branch execution history to identify repetitive branch behavior.
A branch is division
Branch also works as a verb.
Branch appoint Thunder at market with the ardmore apartments whether limit upon none holidays.
Branch appoint Thunder at market with the equity whether limit upon none holidays.
Branch can install fibre or wireless to campus wide systems.
Branch cause Victory below confusion till no rupp snowmobile meanwhile have under the blackboard.
Branch closures Traditional banks also face a similar threat from telephone banking.
Branch code no.
Branch die-back is typical in trees deficient in zinc.
Branch dieback progresses until much of the tree is dead.
Branch does have some flexibility with report dates.
Branch embraces our clients' building agendas as our own.
Branch fear within most road bike frames.
Branch has available cars.
Branch has two career punt return TDs.
Branch has two missions.
Branch hyphae from the main trunk of the arbuscule narrow incrementally to numerous fine tips.
Branch intend onto little struggle although owe beckett baseball card.
Branch intend onto little struggle although owe dog world.
Branch intend onto little struggle although owe Outdoor life.
Branch intend onto little struggle although owe scientific american.
Branch is a man on a mission, relentlessly pursuing the American dream of fame and fortune.
Branch is a redshirt junior who switched positions a year ago.
Branch is an operating division or office of the same organization housed in a different location.
Branch is directly across the street.
Branch is directly ahead.
Branch is in a temporary location during building renovations.
Branch is located about one mile north of the town, and is known as the Walnut Hill cemetery.
Branch is located in a residential area.
Branch is located in Northeast corner of intersection.
Branch is located in the West Town Shopping Mall.
Branch is located within Chicago Park District fieldhouse.
Branch is on the Northeast corner of intersection.
Branch is on the right.
Branch is stubby with many scars and short spur shoots.
Branch is the branch point base.
Branch is the defending division champion.
Branch is used to name streams in Maryland and Virginia.
Branch is very unrealistic, especially right at the faucet.
Branch isa organization.
Branch jumps to a routine based on the value in the w register.
Branch just puts officers where there s a requirement without considering professional development.
Branch layering is the easiest method of layering.
Branch lead negotiator.
Branch leads the discussion.
Branch leaves ending in a sharp, smooth cell.
Branch leaves ending in a truncate, pluripapillose cell .
Branch leaves ending in a truncate, pluripapillose cell.
Branch leaves similar to stem leaves, but slightly smaller and narrower.
Branch leaves similar to the secondary stem leaves.
Branch leaves smaller and narrower than stem leaves.
Branch leaves smaller and sometimes narrower than stem leaves.
Branch leaves smaller than stem leaves and sometimes narrower.
Branch leaves smaller than stem leaves, differing only slightly in shape.
Branch leaves smaller than stem leaves.
Branch leaves smaller, less falcate-secund, otherwise similar to stem leaves.
Branch leaves smaller, with similar features.
Branch look along few money since stay ucla bruins jersey.
Branch meets quarterly.
Branch normally charge members a participation fee.
Branch offer out little savings after weigh major league baseball uniforms.
Branch owe to little struggle although burn country music magazine.
Branch provides info about mental health disorders through written publications.
Branch provides year round support for our students and staff.
Branch regulates toxic waste exports.
Branch ridden except many yakimas.
Branch rightsizing For our branch network our emphasis is on service and technology.
Branch runs through property near house site.
Branch shaking, swinging, and moving around the tree crowns accompany the calling.
Branch sneaks up on a giant who was peering east into Black Velvet Canyon.
Branch stems in the panicle rise in whorls and inay be few or many.
Branch tagging a file now updates that file automatically with the newly applied sticky tag.
Branch takes the Michigan punt and returns it all the way.
Branch tells the stories of the front line heros of the movement and other national figures.
Branch trimming allows new branch divisions and desired branch twiggyness.
Branch womens tshirt.
Branches act autonomously, with activities focussed on local issues.
Branches almost form tiers and create a layered effect.
Branches also arrange one or two day conferences to meet local interests.
Branches also conduct social, educational and cultural events.
Branches also constrain compiler efficiency and underutilize the capabilities of the microprocessor.
Branches also have audio visual items including videos, audio books, cd-roms, and dvds.
Branches also issue newsletters containing information for their members.
Branches also organise training activities for members.
Branches also organise training which tends to be of shorter duration.
Branches also place a limited number of full-time IT professionals.
Branches also prepare newsletters for members.
Branches also provide natural give when birds land.
Branches also publish their own newsletters regularly.
Branches appear layered, especially with age.
Branches appear on the ground with tight scale-like spikes.
Branches appear to be seeking the light.
Branches appear to be the most realistic option for expanding library services.
Branches arch and touch the ground at the tips.
Branches arch gently over the roadway, unadorned, but perfect venues for an ornament or two.
Branches are a golden-brown, arching, and somewhat exfoliating.
Branches are a popular material for supporting tendril-climbers.
Branches are active in each of the nine provinces throughout South Africa.
Branches are always keen to hear from new members located in their area.
Branches are ashy-gray and sometimes nearly thornless.
Branches are brittle, and easily broken.
Branches are brown or gray, and the winter buds are oval and sharp-pointed.
Branches are called nodes.
Branches are chipped and stockpiled.
Branches are classified under different orders.
Branches are close to the industries that train our students and employ our graduates.
Branches are coarse in texture.
Branches are community oriented and run on a volunteer basis.
Branches are compact and the shape is conical.
Branches are cream or white colored.
Branches are deformed and clusters of small branches form.
Branches are dependant on the status of the flag bits when the op code is encountered.
Branches are determinate.
Branches are divisions that stem from a main trunk.
Branches are erect and spreading, with thin, scaly bark.
Branches are erect.
Branches are especially useful for adding totally new features.
Branches are fine and often quite pendulous.
Branches are fleshy and have prominent tubercles that bear small areoles at their apex.
Branches are formed in pairs on each side of the growing tip.
Branches are free to operate under their own guidelines, visions and goals.
Branches are fun and make the cage easier to clean because droppings and urine fall to the bottom.
Branches are gray and are many-branched, forming a dense, compact crown.
Branches are greenish-yellow, and typically spiney.
Branches are heavy and leaf-like, and fork bluntly near the ends.
Branches are horizontal or spreading, and form a flat-topped tree.
Branches are horizontal to main stem, in tiers of bright green, with soft, awl-shaped needles.
Branches are horizontal to weeping and the leaves have a tinge of red.
Branches are in definite whorls of long lateral branches sweeping upward in graceful curves.
Branches are in most main centres.
Branches are in operation in Durban and Cape Town.
Branches are in whorls with a strong central leader resulting in a pyramidal growth pattern.
Branches are killed or weakened when large numbers of individuals are present.
Branches are laid across the top of the pit which are covered with dirt.
Branches are left bare.
Branches are local groups.
Branches are long, arching and square.
Branches are long, slender, and arching.
Branches are long, slender, and often pendulous.
Branches are mainly within Tokyo.
Branches are mostly erect to ascending, sometimes spreading.
Branches are move able.
Branches are much smaller and there is less likely to be wind damage.
Branches are natural capture points.
Branches are nearly thornless.
Branches are nice for flower arrangements or wreath making.
Branches are numerous, and usually feature telegraph and telephone services.
Branches are often armed with short recurved prickles .
Branches are open seven days a week and late at night, for example.
Branches are open seven days a week.
Branches are opposite and thick.
Branches are oppposite, resulting in a featherlike appearance.
Branches are points in the web where a route splits into two or more routes.
Branches are preferable, as dowel sticks tend to be too smooth.
Branches are pruned and roots trimmed to create the desired effect.
Branches are rather advantageous.
Branches are rather rigid.
Branches are reddish brown with long white hairs.
Branches are reddish brown.
Branches are reddish-brown in the second year.
Branches are relatively narrow and flat.
Branches are responsible for ensuring current procedures are included in branch procedure manuals.
Branches are responsible for scheduling their workstations.
Branches are rigid, horizontal, completely surrounded by the scarlet berries.
Branches are roots in the air.
Branches are rough and scaly.
Branches are seperate development areas.
Branches are short and divaricate, forming a broad open crown.
Branches are short, rigid, and sometimes spinescent.
Branches are slender, smooth, brown to reddish in color, and glossy.
Branches are slender, usually yellow-green to olive in color.
Branches are small, soft and damage easily.
Branches are smooth, shiny, and red-brown at maturity.
Branches are somewhat thickened, horizontal to ascending with dense, alternate branchlets.
Branches are spiny, leaves are lanceolate.
Branches are spiny, slender, gnarled and zigzagged.
Branches are stiff and ridged by numerous leaf scars.
Branches are still a bank's main channel of distribution.
Branches are stout and coarse.
Branches are stout and dense.
Branches are stout and spreading.
Branches are stout rather than twiggy and easy to prune.
Branches are stout, with the lowermost drooping and others spreading.
Branches are succulent, as are the leaves.
Branches are supernatural aspirations and roots represent the mysterious unconscious.
Branches are swollen at the base, leaf stalks slightly so.
Branches are the additional operations of the bank that carry out banking operations.
Branches are the cable, roads, pipelines, and routes that connect nodes with one another.
Branches are the connections through which water is supplied to the community areas.
Branches are the elements of the central object.
Branches are the first point of contact for members on most issues.
Branches are thin, flexuous, and pubescent.
Branches are thorny.
Branches are too numerous to list here.
Branches are usually a larger grouping serving individual members and groups.
Branches are very engaged in conservation projects on a community and regional basis.
Branches are very liable to develop at the expense of the leading shoot.
Branches are zig-zag and pendulous.
Branches are, however, administered from the central library.
Branches arise from a swollen base.
Branches arrive n times more frequently in a n-issue machine.
Branches ascend vertically, narrow crown, gaunt-appearing in winter.
Branches Assume positive down.
Branches attach whatever they contact.
Branches bear regularly arranged leathery leaves lined with sharp teeth.
Branches bear small clusters of fragrant white flowers, followed by groups of woody nuts.
Branches bearing flowers are leafless, while others retain leaves.
Branches bearing leaves, flowers, berries are only a few inches high.
Branches bearing the seedheads are tall and slender, occurring singly or in pairs.
Branches become more widely spaced further down the central stem.
Branches believes that client satisfaction is directly related to on-going employee training.
Branches bend down, leaves cup upward and twist on their petioles.
Branches break because of weak attachment, decay and poor tree health.
Branches break off because of poor branch structure and weak angles.
Branches break off.
Branches can bear fruit only if they are attached to a vine or a tree.
Branches can have any number of children.
Branches can help to change that.
Branches can make a choice as to what they prefer.
Branches can now get big orders from customers in other regions.
Branches can still add their events.
Branches can take turns being in charge from year to year.
Branches Click on branch name for map and more information.
Branches comprise a key image or key word printed on an associated line.
Branches connect nodes uniquely and represent genetic relationships.
Branches contain a distinct midrib.
Branches contain fewer fibers and more vessels than bole-wood.
Branches contain substances.
Branches continue downward and attach to the extensor tendons.
Branches continue to form in opposite pairs as the sapling develops.
Branches currently keep the merchants fees for Kingdom events that they host.
Branches curve somewhat inward, and joints are yellowish in color.
Branches dedicate to photosynthesis.
Branches define the shape and form of a tree.
Branches desiccate, turn a grayish-green and then drop from the tree, sometimes within a few months.
Branches develop with one to two flowers near the connection to the main stem.
Branches die at any time.
Branches die back to the canker.
Branches die because of the girdling effect of the larval feeding tunnels.
Branches die, and entire trees often die prematurely.
Branches discharge three valuable functions.
Branches droop as the tree matures.
Branches droop to the ground.
Branches enable a further means of trustee representation at the provincial level.
Branches encircled by aecia die after aeciospore discharge.
Branches enter trunks from the top.
Branches erect in youth, later spreading.
Branches erect, but with drooping twigs and swollen, purplish nodes.
Branches erect, without spines.
Branches establish sub-committees for special projects.
Branches execute in parallel.
Branches exist in Canada, Germany, Switzerland, Australia, Central America and Nigeria.
Branches exist in Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne and Perth.
Branches extend hours.
Branches fall from central leader.
Branches fall from gum trees, particularly on stormy days.
Branches fall off, float downstream, and plant themselves miles from their origin.
Branches falling onto visitors, neighbouring property or cars are a frequent source of claims.
Branches follow in order.
Branches form a part of the foreign investors legal entity.
Branches form a picturesque canopy over the paths, effectively hiding homes from view.
Branches form a sharp angle, twist, or bend.
Branches form interesting layers or tiers.
Branches forming the portal vein are also variable.
Branches get longer, and in the right season, fruits are produced.
Branches Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Branches grow almost horizontally.
Branches grow from a main tree, which in turn grows out of a root.
Branches grow from the trunk.
Branches grow horizontally layered and bear flat white blossoms in midspring.
Branches grow in a zig-zag pattern.
Branches grow upright and then cascade out in all directions.
Branches grow upward in a slender canopy and can reach thirty-five feet in height.
Branches growing from the same point on the trunk are more likely to split off in later years.
Branches handle retail commercial transactions.
Branches has a definite noir tang.
Branches have a considerable autonomy in the organisation of their activites.
Branches have a shadow.
Branches have a single delay-slot.
Branches have a team of volunteers who foster adoptable animals until permanent homes can be found.
Branches have access to current information without having the expense of a dedicated phone line.
Branches have compositions.
Branches have customers.
Branches have fringes.
Branches have large pith and winter buds with few outer scales.
Branches have leaves.
Branches have regular meetings, seminars and workshops.
Branches have sides.
Branches have small collections of similar materials.
Branches have stipular spines.
Branches have their own committees of management, executives and other structures.
Branches have their own notification procedures.
Branches have twigs.
Branches help address the complications.
Branches hold fund raisers, organize social events and perform community service.
Branches hold leaves and help make food.
Branches hold monthly night meetings and regular field days.
Branches hold regular meetings to share DX information and improve the listeners knowledge.
Branches hold regular meetings, courses, seminars and conferences and publish newsletters.
Branches horizontal more than weeping.
Branches imply further distribution or processing.
Branches include leaves.
Branches is a genealogical reference and reporting tool.
Branches is a resource directory.
Branches lead off to the north, south, east, and west.
Branches lie in a single plane.
Branches look jointed, bulging at points along the branches.
Branches lying on the ground make perfect homes for snakes, salamanders and shrews.
Branches meet regularly for talks, seminars and visits to local enterprises.
Branches Meet the branch secretaries and use the links to their web sites.
Branches move nicely in breeze.
Branches obscuring traffic signals stop signs and other traffic control devices are also removed.
Branches offer help, advice, mutual support, and social and fundraising activities.
Branches offer shelter.
Branches originate endogenously.
Branches originate from a main trunk below the wire and are trained up and across the wires.
Branches overhanging shallows make essential fishing perches.
Branches partially block the way, and traffic navigates a twisting road.
Branches performing binding operations are online with few exceptions.
Branches produce leaves.
Branches produce many small, stiff, branchlets.
Branches provide additional coverage.
Branches provide coverage.
Branches provide homes.
Branches provide local information and support services to people with dementia and their carers.
Branches provide nutrition.
Branches provide shelter.
Branches provide support, information, and encouragement to area members.
Branches reach equal height.
Branches reach height.
Branches reach levels.
Branches reach upward as if frozen in some earlier agony.
Branches reciprocate as they are able to do so as agreed upon by their partnering branch.
Branches refer precisely to the persistence of a DNA sequence through time.
Branches represent populations through time.
Branches root as they creep.
Branches root as they grow, further knitting soil.
Branches route transactions from one node to another.
Branches run to points.
Branches rustle as countless birds take flight, squawking a shrill warning to the animals below.
Branches serve many purposes, most importantly helping to communicate information to the members.
Branches serve the abdominal organs and the spine.
Branches sets the highest standards in all of our services.
Branches show bumps that look like tiny knife cuts.
Branches showing orthologous gene groups of three bivalves are highlighted in yellow.
Branches slowly die.
Branches spread, often touching other vegetation.
Branches spreading along the ground, shoot tips pointing to the ground.
Branches stay open into the evening and are open on weekends.
Branches stout, smooth.
Branches stout, spreading, branchless brittle, pubescent when young.
Branches stretching heaven- ward symbolizes eternal life.
Branches sur votre avenir.
Branches take it in turns to present a festival, which moves around the country.
Branches take on a brown-purple color as they age.
Branches tend to be horizontal and lower ones droop to ground.
Branches tend to be somewhat pendent.
Branches tend to grow in an upward direction.
Branches tend to thicken and ruin the taper of the design.
Branches tend to turn up at ends.
Branches tend to weep downward.
Branches tend to weep in graceful arch.
Branches tomentose when young but becoming glabrous.
Branches tomentose when young but soon becoming glabrous.
Branches touch and leaves seem to fill every space in the canopy.
Branches touching a building can allow carpenter ants easy access to it.
Branches trail like vines.
Branches undulate up and out, forming broad, tall ground cover unless staked.
Branches unite their members by corresponding regions and orientations.
Branches use a relative offset which is encoded in the next two bytes of the bytecode.
Branches use the animal names.
Branches weep somewhat and foliage is pendulant somewhat like a willow.
Branches weep when fully leafed out.
Branchs are division.
Branchs are located in forests.
Branchs are located in trunks.
Branchs are organizations.
Branchs are stalks.
Branchs are streams.
Branches frequently die during the dormant season.
Branches often break at stem lesions.
Branches often droop from weight of flowers and seed capsules.
Branches often have corky ridges or wings.
Branches often reach down to become roots.
Branches often respond to local issues.
Branches often spiny.
Branches sometimes serve to confuse more than they solve.
Branches usually conduct diver training over a number of weeks at weekly training sessions.
All Branches also offer library resources.
All branches are available in Belfast at Queen's.
All branches are CAMS recognised and actively involved in motor sport.
All branches are conditional.
All branches are essential for a well-functioning government.
All branches are full service, unless otherwise indicated.
All branches are full-service branches.
All branches are now dead, but new growth is coming from the ground.
All Branches are open that day .
All branches are pleased to offer storytimes for groups also.
All branches carry road maps .
All branches carry video cassettes.
All branches connect back to the main line.
All branches emanate from the centre of the section.
All branches go up and down in membership.
All branches handle extremely critical and life-saving functions.
All Branches have a network of job representatives in workplaces where they have members.
All branches have a quiet place or places to study.
All branches have a section of their library devoted to younger learners.
All branches have at least one Internet workstation.
All branches have book drops for returns after hours.
All branches have educational software designated for children's use.
All branches have free Internet stations for the public to use.
All Branches have monthly newsletters.
All branches have rock bands several times a week.
All branches have Spanish language browsing collections.
All branches have wart-like projections called verrucae that are covered with calices.
All branches hold a range of books in large type for the visually impaired.
All branches lose some members each year.
All branches maintain full autonomy on matters within their jurisdiction.
All branches maintain full autonomy on matters within their respective jurisdiction.
All branches meet regularly and also hold social and fund raising events during the year.
All branches offer free public access to the Internet.
All branches offer public access to the Internet.
All branches offer wordprocessing applications for a small charge.
All branches produce flowers at the same time, providing whole-plant bouquets.
All branches release only photos and factual information to the next of kin and the public.
All Branches Sign language interpreters are available upon request.
All branches subscribe to at least two or three magazines for children.
All branches welcome.
Any branch can be true in order for the column to be true.
Any branch provides a potential freeway or congestion point.
Every branch has a children's collection which has been carefully chosen by librarians.
Every branch has a mortgage loan officer available.
Every branch has at least one such terminal.
Every branch has at least two computers and most have around five.
Every branch has items which have been carefully selected for adults and children.
Every branch has many basic forms along with accompanying instructions.
Every branch has story times for preschoolers, toddlers, and families.
Every branch is dotted with music and dance.
Every branch is loaded with tightly wrapped blooms.
Every branch is responsible for the integrity of the members it admits.
Every branch is wheelchair accessible.
Every branch knows how every other branch has done right up to yesterday.
Every branch offers different programs.
Every branch uses 'k' sounds to indicate a question.
Many branches also have their own Web pages.
Many branches also organise recreational activities for the elderly and handicapped.
Many branches are in the midst of developing their own web pages.
Many branches are unsustainable.
Many branches become extinct in time, as has happened in human evolution.
Many branches contain gaps, that await to be filled in.
Many branches grow in a distinctive zig-zag pattern.
Many branches hold programs geared to seniors on a regular basis.
Many Branches hold seminars for their Members and parliamentary officials.
Many branches make small local levies to pay for meeting rooms and other running expenses.
Many Branches offer free continuing education opportunities at their meetings.
Many Branches offer job-support materials specifically geared toward local residents.
Many branches offer programs throughout the year for children, adults and senior citizens.
Many branches offer special group programs.
Many branches organise walks for their members on a regular basis.
Many branches randomly team each sales person up with two people in operations.
Many Branches show a healthy programme of events and support to members.
Many branches support the flowering heads which are about an inch across.
More branches become involved in following years.
More branches mean more flowers which are very attractive.
Most branches also have good food supermarkets.
Most branches are accessible facilities.
Most branches are accessible through electric-powered doors.
Most branches are in that prefecture.
Most branches are small enough to create a bond between the employees and the customers.
Most branches contain several divisions.
Most branches contain substances.
Most branches dedicate to photosynthesis.
Most branches have a book and extensive tape library.
Most branches have a book discussion group which meets monthly.
Most branches have a core collection of sources useful for beginning a genealogical search.
Most branches have a slot near the door or circulation desk for the return of materials.
Most branches have a slot to drop off books after hours.
Most branches have book chutes for after-hours return.
Most branches have book drops for returning items when the library is closed.
Most branches have compositions.
Most branches have customers.
Most branches have fringes.
Most branches have leaves.
Most branches have limited resources - offices, autocratships, regular meetings, money, etc.
Most branches have sides.
Most branches have strict rules about the naming of organisms or celestial bodies or compounds.
Most branches have the little leaves, but some branches are barren of the little leaves.
Most branches have twigs.
Most branches meet monthly.
Most branches meet once a month for a range of fun activities, both indoors and outdoors.
Most branches now offer online service.
Most branches offer courses for birders ranging from beginners to specialists.
Most branches offer shelter.
Most branches operate extended hours and new branches open monthly.
Most branches produce leaves.
Most branches provide additional coverage.
Most branches provide coverage.
Most branches provide homes.
Most branches provide nutrition.
Most branches provide shelter.
Most branches publish a regular newsletter.
Most branches reach equal height.
Most branches reach height.
Most branches reach levels.
Most branches run special displays in their showcase windows throughout the year.
Most branches then die.
Some branches aim to provide activities for older children, but space is limited.
Some branches also have publications for sale.
Some branches also organise student conferences.
Some branches are a little lacking in information, as they're taken from personal memories.
Some branches are long and some are too short.
Some branches are more rigid than others.
Some branches are online.
Some branches are over staffed.
Some branches are semi-ascendant but then weep towards the ground.
Some branches are stronger than others depending on how close to the trunk they are.
Some branches bare.
Some branches become branches.
Some branches become fruit production.
Some branches become production.
Some branches bleed sap from the wounds sustained by ovipositing.
Some branches cause injuries.
Some Branches circulate periodicals.
Some branches consist of presidents.
Some branches contain water.
Some Branches continue to operate in-line hockey programs.
Some branches create baskets.
Some branches create litter problems.
Some branches create problems.
Some branches create tops.
Some branches deal with motion.
Some branches depend on conditions in the floating-point unit.
Some branches develop brown color.
Some branches develop color.
Some Branches divide their vote between two delegates.
Some branches do add many good titles from their gifts.
Some branches do have classes on Internet use.
Some branches dry up in extinction.
Some branches employ ornithologists.
Some branches encourage growth.
Some branches end in short thorns.
Some branches go to the joints, muscles, and skin of the back.
Some branches have angles.
Some branches have bottles.
Some branches have carers funds.
Some branches have computer stations which are designated for word processing.
Some branches have executive officers or project officers who work on specific tasks.
Some branches have extensive information.
Some branches have flowers.
Some branches have local sections where people from a smaller area can meet.
Some branches have male flowers.
Some branches have materials for children with disabilities.
Some branches have more than one classmark sequence of shelves, such as Oversize or Reference.
Some branches have origins.
Some branches have parking restrictions.
Some branches have puppets, filmstrips and filmstrip projectors to check out.
Some branches have their own web site.
Some branches hold ornaments.
Some branches lead to chimpanzees.
Some branches lead to modern chimpanzees.
Some branches lead to tetrapods.
Some branches make addition.
Some branches make differences.
Some branches make senses.
Some branches now carry CD books also.
Some branches offer library facilities and a loan service for videos.
Some Branches organize one or more plant shows each year.
Some branches produce fruit.
Some branches produce pinecones.
Some branches produce small pinecones.
Some branches promote development.
Some branches provide areas.
Some branches provide bask areas.
Some branches provide day care services and support for people in the home.
Some branches provide excellent protection.
Some branches provide habitats.
Some branches provide information.
Some branches provide Internet check-outs of fifteen minutes at express machines.
Some branches provide large areas.
Some branches provide large surface areas.
Some branches provide nest areas.
Some branches provide protection.
Some branches provide sites.
Some branches provide surface areas.
Some branches reduce erosion.
Some branches require extensive treatments.
Some branches require reservations and all locations have a sign-up sheet one hour prior to class.
Some branches require treatments.
Some branches run support groups.
Some branches show abnormal growth.
Some branches show growth.
Some branches show outward growth.
Branched alkanes boil at a lower temperature than the n-alkane with same molecular weight.
Branched alkanes have a lower boiling point than their corresponding unbranched isomer.
Branched canes are also more able to support the crop off the ground than unbranched canes.
Branched carbon is the form of carbon powder that is the most conductive.
Branched forms are rare in nature, but seem to be more common in cultiva- tion.
Branched molecules form into amorphous structures.
Branched starch is called amylopectin.
Branched systems are far more common.
Branched veins are much better for transporting water.
A branchial arch is a structure
Branchial arches develop about the neck area resembling gills.
Branchial arches develop late in embryogenesis.
Branchial heart increases blood pressure pushing blood through each gill.
Branching are division.
Branchiostegal spine is reduced as is the suborbital angle.
Brand awareness can double or triple without difficulty.
Brand awareness is a highly overrated concept.
Brand awareness is high, and famous foreign and domestic brands sell well.
Brand awareness is key, too.
Brand awareness is one of the buzzwords that links all four manufacturers.
Brand building has nothing to do with the speed of the microchip.
Brand building is an important step for a pharma company.
Brand building is company building too.
Brand building is exactly such a response.
Brand building is expensive.
Brand building is firstly about developing intrinsic organizational strengths.
Brand building is important.
Brand building is on-going.
Brand building is the name of the game.
Brand building is the path to market share on the Web.
Brand development involves the repetition and fine tuning of the same message over time.
Brand development is a realistic opportunity.
Brand equity is a form of customer capital.
Brand equity is as big an issue as anything.
Brand equity is everything .
Brand equity is no longer enough.
Brand equity is one of the hardest marketing aspects to build.
Brand equity is where the value lies for brands.
Brand equity seems tough to measure and hard to control because mainly based on customer opinion.
Brand experience is obviously a lot more of a complex package than just a logo or design.
Brand extensions can also create connections across media.
Brand identity can be a double-edged sword.
Brand identity includes brand names, logos, positioning, brand associations, and brand personality.
Brand identity is important in the airline industry, and benefits larger airlines.
Brand image is everything.
Brand image is how customers and prospective customers feel about a product or service.
Brand image is the element of advertising most likely to create brand loyalty.
Brand images are an image or logo representing the brand of a product.
Brand institute is the world s premier branding company.
Brand integration ensures message consistency across mediums.
Brand loyalty builds repeat customers.
Brand loyalty can also get in the way when someone is reviewing games.
Brand loyalty can run deep.
Brand loyalty comes from meeting and shaping customer expectations through experience over time.
Brand loyalty fluctuates wildly between different markets.
Brand loyalty is also much higher in the corporate world.
Brand loyalty is bigger in beauty than in perhaps any other category.
Brand loyalty is built by local dealers.
Brand loyalty is encouraged by quality, promotion and guarantees.
Brand loyalty is fragile and privacy concerns are daunting, be it online or offline.
Brand loyalty is good, but sometimes it gets in the way of our judgment.
Brand loyalty is important, but the Greens have the party's reputation to worry about.
Brand loyalty is more stable for market leaders than for others.
Brand loyalty is on the decline among all age groups.
Brand loyalty is product-specific.
Brand loyalty is strong.
Brand loyalty is the intersection of the two.
Brand loyalty starts to build and sales increase.
Brand management adds emotional value to that.
Brand management is a tricky proposition.
Brand management is critical.
Brand managers are also responsible for new product development.
Brand managers are critical to launch success.
Brand managers can potentially assemble demographically-select, panels for specific research.
Brand managers can tailor global strategies to best match local selling situations.
Brand managers insure a certain quality of service.
Brand managers plan, develop, and direct the marketing efforts for a particular brand or product.
Most brand managers oversee a product for just two to three years.
Some brand managers increase distribution.
Brand marketing is based on owning a position in the mind of the consumer.
A brand name is a name
Brand name can be extremely important, and having the original box and paper is a big plus.
Brand name can give comfort to buyers unsure of their decision by reducing their perceived risk.
Brand name computers many times design a machine for obsolescence.
Brand name condoms.
Brand name is barely readable.
Brand name is often more valuable online.
Brand name is often the name given by the packaging company.
Brand name is powerful.
Brand name is something that can be incredibly important in a business.
Brand name is superior to generic.
Brand name labels like fruit of the loom.
Brand name matters.
Brand name means they ve achieved name recognition as a result of their long-standing reputations.
Brand name perfumes.
Brand name saddles on request.
Brand name serves as collateral.
Brand name speaks for itself.
Brand name watches at discount prices.
Brand name watches.
Brand name wristwatches.
Brand names are also important.
Brand names are another way of creating trust in a free market.
Brand names are cross indexed for many different countries.
Brand names are effective validators.
Brand names are expensive to create and sustain in terms of both money and manhours.
Brand names are for reference purposes only.
Brand names are important here.
Brand names are in all caps, generic names are in all lowercase for easy identification.
Brand names are in capital letters.
Brand names are in parentheses.
Brand names are in the public domain if used for ordering product.
Brand names are more important online than they are in the physical world.
Brand names are the products of their manufacturers.
Brand names are trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
Brand names are trademarks of their respective owners and are used here for reference purposes only.
Brand names are trademarks of their respective owners.
Brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Brand names are unnecessary.
Brand names are well established and start-up obstacles daunting.
Brand names belong to the company they are associated with.
Brand names can also affect the cost of barber school.
Brand names can be helpful.
Brand names can be particularly troublesome.
Brand names carry the day, quality is often a relative concept, and middlemen are everywhere.
Brand names count.
Brand names create barriers.
Brand names grow in importance and customer satisfaction becomes the order of the day.
Brand names hold the loyalty of both customers and investors.
Brand names indicate goods that are of the highest possible quality.
Brand names mentioned are the sole property of their respective owners.
Brand names pop when they depart from description.
Brand names retrieve few, if any, records.
Brand names sell better over the Internet.
Brand names simplify shopping, guarantee a certain level of quality and allow for self expression.
Brand names weigh heavily in consumer trust in a product and retailer.
Brand names welcome.
All brand names are property of their owners.
All brand names are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names are registered trademarks of their respective owners.
All brand names are the property of their respective companies.
All brand names are the property of their respective holders.
All brand names are trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names are trademarks of their respective holders.
All brand names are trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
All brand names are trademarks of their respective owners.
All brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their designated organizations.
All brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their prospective holders.
All brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
All brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
All brand names listed above are trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names listed are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names listed are trademarks and registered trademarks of their respective owners.
All brand names mentioned are trademarks of their respective owners.
All brand names shown are trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names used in the online catalog are trademarks of their respective companies.
All brand names used on the web pages are trademarks or tradenames of their respective owners.
Any brand name is fine.
Many brand names have unexpected spellings, spaces, or hyphenations.
Most brand names are available.
Some brand names get magical by association with their products.
Some brand names have a value just because of the name, though.
Brand preference is difficult to attain.
Brand preference means that target customers usually choose the brand over other brands.
Brand protection extends to the entire company.
Brand recognition becomes increasingly valuable as markets converge and change.
Brand recognition goes well beyond a simple advertising slogan.
Brand recognition is a key in successfully advertising a product or service.
Brand recognition is another.
Brand recognition is complicated by the strange partnerships the category seems to engender.
Brand recognition is secondary.
Brand recognition is the degree to which consumers recognize a company's brand name.
Brand recognition is very difficult to get.
Brand recognition is what the Internet companies want to achieve.
Brand recognition means that customers remember the brand.
Brand recognition occurs when a. the product has become familiar to the consumer.
Brand relationships are the result of brand experiences.
Brand strategies include analyses.
Brand strength is a comparative concept.
Brand strength is as important as management strength.
Brand strength makes a critical difference.
A brand is a name
Brand also can use fluorescence to measure the tumbling of proteins on short time scales.
Brand also is stymied.
Brand also sees the program as a home-grown teacher pipeline.
Brand also summarizes quarterly reports on food commodities.
Brand appears to offer a much more sustainable advantage.
Brand becomes less important because information is more readily accessible on individual products.
Brand builds aura around an institution.
Brand can become one, if the brand has credibility.
Brand comes first, customers come second, and revenues come third.
Brand covers breaking news and provides both short and in-depth features.
Brand drives the equity, but technology facilitates the transaction.
Brand dunks against Kentucky.
Brand dunks over Maryland.
Brand explores the exciting programs, and gives readers a look at the future of communications.
Brand fits that blueprint perfectly.
Brand gets on the other end of the phone momentarily.
Brand gives daily updates on the newsletter.
Brand gives meaning and direction to products .
Brand goes far beyond a logo, but a logo is a vital piece of a brand's manifestation.
Brand goes on to describe the skin as mutable.
Brand has a good chance to become the best power forward the Bulls have ever had.
Brand has an even better deal.
Brand has an extensive background as a competitor as well.
Brand has lots of interesting pictures showing changes that have taken place in buildings.
Brand helps users identify the product and or company behind a product.
Brand is a categorical factor one type of popcorn or another.
Brand is a distant second for hardware, even less so for software.
Brand is a father and a grandfather.
Brand is a forward.
Brand is a long-time exponent of experiential learning.
Brand is a mixture of ideas, propositions, personality, vision and values.
Brand is a moose who led the league in offensive rebounding.
Brand is a power forward.
Brand is a tremendous driver of online behavior.
Brand is a very overworked and abused word right now.
Brand is also important, if one has been established.
Brand is cognitive shorthand that helps customers make decisions in a crowded marketplace.
Brand is everything.
Brand is hesitant to call the resurgence of faith among young people a mere trend.
Brand is in the minority.
Brand is no exception.
Brand is no longer packaged goods.
Brand is now a verb.
Brand is one of the great differentiators, one of the great barriers to entry.
Brand is one of the most widely recognized consumer brands in the world.
Brand is recognition of the integrity of the product, or lack of it.
Brand is scheduled for release in the fourth quarter.
Brand is something very specific that the consumer produces.
Brand is the boat on the left.
Brand is the great buzzword in sign space, if it was perceived as biased.
Brand is the safest bet.
Brand is the third consecutive Atlantic Coast Conference player to win the award.
Brand is the watchword Brand, brand, brand.
Brand is unfailingly cooperative and pleasant, a model of hard work and professionalism.
Brand is what it's all about.
Brand isa part.
Brand isa portion.
Brand isa symbol.
Brand kills UVA player.
Brand lays it in over Kentucky.
Brand loads up.
Brand locks with worker's name and other identification.
Brand makes a difference.
Brand makes no difference.
Brand means nothing on the Internet.
Brand pauses for a moment, deliberately, to let that idea sink in.
Brand periodically records editorial commentaries for Indiana radio stations.
Brand provides a common focus and a solid structure to do just that.
Brand provides clear direction to people at every level.
Brand really does make a difference.
Brand remains important, but only when the customer perceives value in it.
Brand says with a laugh.
Brand sends it home.
Brand serves on a number of boards, including national higher education associations.
Brand supplies all the answers, some of which are surprising.
Brand takes some pictures.
Brand tells the stories of the children in the rest of the novel.
Brand uses the analogy of turning down the volume of college sports instead of turning it off.
Brands act as signals of quality and reliability.
Brands act to focus and neatly package multiple levels of meaning for the consumer.
Brands also differ in size, effectiveness, and comfort.
Brands also have to develop trust and loyalty.
Brands also help inspectors trace stray livestock.
Brands also vary in calcium and vitamin A and D content.
Brands are a currency within a social system.
Brands are a proven means of building long-term loyalty.
Brands are a shortcut to decision making.
Brands are about trust, which takes a long time to build.
Brands are about trust.
Brands are always subject the attention span of the shopper.
Brands are assets with value.
Brands are below.
Brands are cities.
Brands are critical.
Brands are firewoods.
Brands are fluid and multifaceted.
Brands are important at the local level.
Brands are in a period of discontinuity.
Brands are in alphabetical order.
Brands are in trouble.
Brands are intangible, but rank among the most valuable assets a company can create.
Brands are kinds.
Brands are markers.
Brands are mentioned as an integral part of the content.
Brands are more important on the cyberstreet than on main street, and for good reason.
Brands are mountains.
Brands are much less important than prices.
Brands are one such mechanism.
Brands are organic.
Brands are part of our sense of identity, but brand integrity is being eroded.
Brands are relationships and experiences that customers have with products and companies.
Brands are reputations.
Brands are still to be built.
Brands are the best guarantee of corporate survival.
Brands are the essence of the company itself.
Brands are the king in the increasingly crowded online retail world.
Brands are the new religion.
Brands are the only ones speaking to young people in the language of inspiration.
Brands are the richest currency on the Internet.
Brands are valuable.
Brands are where it's at.
Brands attract brands.
Brands breed confidence.
Brands build companies and add to both customer and shareholder values.
Brands build consumer loyalty and repeat business.
Brands build loyalty.
Brands can also develop into valued corporate assets.
Brands can build awareness and positively shift key image dimensions with online imagery.
Brands can even assist moves across industries to penetrate new markets.
Brands can vary.
Brands come at the price of diversity and at the cost of the local.
Brands come in fashionable colors.
Brands constitute the bulk of shareholder value in many Canadian and global companies.
Brands construct Europe faster than politics.
Brands crowd the commercial scenery placing customer time and attention in high demand.
Brands differ in potency, onset of action, and peak time.
Brands encapsulate the sum meaning of the associations consumers have about the brand.
Brands exist because of the way people make decisions.
Brands give online shoppers a sense of security and minimize the risk of return.
Brands grow into multiple products and evolve over time.
Brands have a language all their own.
Brands have awareness, reach, values and associations.
Brands have depth and are part of multiple points of contact.
Brands have personality, attitude and appeal.
Brands have the ability to command a price premium and higher margins versus unbranded competitors.
Brands have to be introduced, and playing off existing name strength is a great starting point.
Brands have to be reapplied on growing animals.
Brands have to find a position and show commitment beyond the mere writing of a cheque.
Brands have to understand how to do something for the consumer.
Brands inspire trust independent of the media delivering the message.
Brands is the most experienced of the bunch.
Brands offer familiarity and identity, making things, strangely, taste better to people.
Brands offer intangible benefits beyond the product.
Brands operate on multiple levels.
Brands play a bigger role.
Brands play an important role in a unit's efficiency.
Brands play in an intensely competitive attention economy.
Brands promise many things, including a level of quality, reliability, and service.
Brands remain anonymous to avoid biased decisions.
Brands sold are likely to be familiar to the target market.
Brands speak to their consumers.
Brands still rule supreme.
Brands suit the masses.
Brands take time to establish and can be lost in quickly on the Web.
Brands use promotions, freebies to remain competitive in the market.
Brands vary in content.
Brands vary in iron content.
Brands vary in size.
Brands vary with composition.
All brands allow programming.
All brands appear to communicate reliably with one another.
All brands are about equal in quality.
All brands are available from our stock.
All brands are -ed .
All brands are equally dangerous.
All brands are equally effective regardless of price.
All brands are equally effective.
All brands are from major manufacturers and have a guaranteed good quality.
All brands are property of their respective owners.
All brands are the property of their respective owners.
All brands are the same.
All brands are trademarks are rights of their respective owners.
All brands are trademarks of their respective holders.
All brands are trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
All brands are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All brands are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
All brands are welcome.
All brands belong to the respective owners.
All brands claim to be superior waterproof, structural adhesives.
All brands do come with at least a limited, one-year manufacturer's warranty.
All brands have a life cycle.
All brands have an international reputation for innovation and first-class service.
All brands have similar warnings and procedures.
All brands listed are property of their respective holders.
All brands mentioned are trademarks of their respective owners.
All brands motorcycle club, Pennsylvania.
All brands motorcycle touring club.
All brands represent an implicit information transaction.
All brands run a little differently.
All brands specify a tensile strength, however, there is no set standard for testing and labeling.
All brands welcome.
Any brand is acceptable.
Any brand is fine .
Any brand is fine, and there are different forms.
Any brand is just fine.
Any brand works.
Every brand has a different ratio to a cup of sugar.
Every brand has a story to tell.
Every brand has an essential truth.
Every brand has at least a five or six different models available.
Every brand has several models to choose from including ratcheted and non-ratchet options.
Every brand is different.
Every brand is discounted to rock bottom prices.
Every brand is serviced in accordance to each factory specifications.
Every brand needs the right language.
Many brands are available by prescription and over the counter.
Many brands are available, and all seem to perform well.
Many brands are available, but some brands are finer granulation than others.
Many brands are available.
Many brands are easy to wash and inexpensive.
Many brands are regional with limited distribution.
Many brands are toxic and some have been identified as possibly carcinogenic.
Many brands assure customers that they have made a wise choice that doesn t require second guessing.
Many brands contain a good bit of salt, so give the final dish a taste before adding any more.
Many brands contain a good bit of salt, so give the final dish a taste before adding salt.
Many brands contain glycerine.
Many brands contain huge amounts of sugar and unacceptably high levels of salt.
Many brands contain milk solids.
Many brands contain small amounts of alcohol.
Many brands die young.
Many brands have vents that are so tiny they are invisible to the naked eye.
Many brands offer a hypoallergenic, alcohol-free, biodegradeable wipe.
Many brands offer both executive and casual collections.
Many brands offer leg protectors in youth, intermediate and adult sizes.
Many brands offer mesh or all-leather options.
Many brands rush out to hire an ad agency without a plan.
Many brands still contain corn or soy, which are difficult grains for most dogs to digest.
Many brands still taste sweet to dogs, and ingested in even small amounts, it is fatal.
Most brands also have fragrances and perfumes.
Most brands are a form of nylon.
Most brands are available in assorted flavors.
Most brands are available with a neoprene sock or boot combination.
Most brands are available with or without a connecting cord.
Most brands are expensive, since they are imported from Europe.
Most brands are freezer-safe.
Most brands are made of powdered potassium nitrate, which speeds up the rotting process.
Most brands are similar but some are decidedly high end and some are low end.
Most brands are very much the same inside the tank and many of the parts are interchangable.
Most brands come with a thin tube for accurate, high-pressure delivery.
Most brands contain anchovies.
Most brands contain fruit jam which is high in sugar and low in nutritional benefit.
Most brands contain nearly as much alcohol as regular beer.
Most brands found in drug stores are worthless.
Most brands go through several markups on the way to the store.
Most brands have distinct regional support.
Most brands have easy to find drain and vent screws.
Most brands have little or no real ginger and lots of high-fructose corn syrup.
Most brands offer at least one such model.
Most brands offer several styles with different ingredients.
Most brands use cromoly frames as the standard, but several offer aluminum.
Some brand s also contain substances called additives.
Some brands add hydrogenated vegetable oil or sugar .
Some brands also add sweeteners, salt and a stabilizer to keep the oil from separating.
Some brands also come in filed and unfiled.
Some brands also contain corn syrup.
Some brands also contain substances called additives.
Some brands also offer a toddler size.
Some brands are a surprisingly good source of whole grains and fiber.
Some brands are advertised as being selective to blue-green algae.
Some brands are also colorful, to appeal to birds' natural curiosity.
Some brands are available in waterproof island dressings.
Some brands are available ready mixed.
Some brands are better than others.
Some brands are delish.
Some brands are even dry hopped for added bouquet.
Some brands are good for narrow feet while others are more accommodating to wide feet.
Some brands are hotter than others.
Some brands are low in protein.
Some brands are milder than others.
Some brands are more expensive, but in the long run are well worth the expenditure.
Some brands are more healthful than others.
Some brands are more sophisticated and have a higher learning curve.
Some brands are product based.
Some brands are sweeter, others spicier or more peppery.
Some brands are used at the rate of one per animal.
Some brands are very high in fat.
Some brands are whimsical, such as the Circle Two Step, a circle with short legs.
Some brands are worse offenders than others.
Some brands argue that wood in the ends is the way to go for a consistent flex pattern.
Some brands can also turn on another pump.
Some brands can be tough to configure, while others are a piece of cake.
Some brands can become brittle or yellow with age.
Some brands claim to last twice as long.
Some brands come in flavors such as apple and cinnamon, cheese and taco-flavored.
Some brands come with grip holes instead of screws.
Some brands come with or without spermicide.
Some brands contain egg or dairy products, though, so read labels carefully.
Some brands contain excessive levels of lead.
Some brands contain more fat and calories than others.
Some brands contain oil but for the flavor it imparts is worth the calories.
Some brands contain onion powder.
Some brands contain vitamins, herbs, and other compounds.
Some brands cost more because of high marketing costs.
Some brands do better than others.
Some brands emit the toxic fumes at several thousand times the established threshold value.
Some brands even come with the dressing and croutons in the same package.
Some brands even have convenient length markings printed on the insulation.
Some brands even have hip padding for protection in falls.
Some brands even offer special ramp covers.
Some brands feature a temperature dial with a wider variety of choices.
Some brands fit better than others.
Some brands fit wider in the forefoot or narrower in the heel.
Some brands have a heater guard that fits around the glass tube and provides some protection.
Some brands have a replacement guarantee if the prints deteriorate.
Some brands have a tar content equivalent to tobacco cigarettes.
Some brands have additional benefits.
Some brands have more effective additives and some use bigger doses in their premium grades.
Some brands have more of a negative effect on the signals than do others.
Some brands have optional fan or reducing nozzles that can be attached.
Some brands have products that are self-extinquishing.
Some brands have slightly different schedules than others.
Some brands have softer handles while others have a rougher hickory for a firmer grip.
Some brands have zero calories actually meaning there are less than five calories per serving.
Some brands now offer inflating boarding ramps that make entering the raft easier and safer.
Some brands offer additional vitamin and mineral fortification.
Some brands offer an eggshell finish.
Some brands offer more lenses and accessories than others do.
Some brands produce several collections that require individual description.
Some brands promote an image that is influenced by sport, music or youth culture.
Some brands require a bottom heat shield also.
Some brands require a special reducer for thinning and to clean brushes.
Some brands require particular heating or exposure settings.
Some brands seem much better than others for longevity.
Some brands sell products.
Some brands slap their name on products they hired others to manufacture.
Some brands taste less bitter and are based in glycerin rather than alcohol.
Some brands use minerals derived from rocks.
Some brands utilize artificial sweeteners of questionable safety.
Some brands work better than others.
Brandes also owns a nine-game hitting streak.
Brandes are a significant shareholder.
Branded experts are firms that become truly renowned in a particular area.
Branded goods are usually more consistent in the cut quality and cost more.
Branded lounges offer a break from baccarat, blackjack and roulette.
Branded marketers have more to lose by offending the Internet consumer than they have to gain.
Branded merchandise is vulnerable to price comparison, made easier in the online environment.
Branded merchandise seems to be doing well.
Brandied Cherries are a delicious treat served warm over vanilla ice cream.
Brandied cherries harmonize with wild king salmon, but Swiss chard adds a cacophonous note.
Brandied ginger keeps like fresh.
Most branding efforts end with wasted dollars and little results.
Branding are marking.
Brandon tans hides very well.
A brandy snifter is glass
Brandy snifters are a surprisingly good wine glass.
Brandies are aged in wood, which contributes to the flavor.
Brandy asks where people play basketball.
Brandy hopes for a career designing cars with computers.
Brandy is alcoholic drinks.
Brandy is hard liquor.
Brandy is liquor
Brandy is liquor.
Brandy is located in bars.
Brandy isa liquor.
Brandy lives in Texas.
Brandy sells homes fast.
Brandy specializes in personal lines of insurance, such as vehicles and homeowners insurance.
All brandies come from distilled wines.
Some brandy has tradition.
Branes can have any dimension.
A brant is a goose
Brant also eat some aquatic invertebrates.
Brant are casual migrants and accidental winter visitors inland.
Brant believes there are no problems, only solutions.
Brant does the company no favors.
Brant is a shallow lake with pike, perch and bass.
Brant is a shallow lake with pike, perch, and bass.
Brant is a third-year member of the club.
Brant is also an assistant professor of medicine.
Brant is at the show and signing copies.
Brant is multifaceted, both as a person and as a writer.
Brant isa goose.
Brant personally oversees all new product development.
Brant sees follies as sins.
Brant visit the area in spring.
Brants are gooses.
Brants have (part) air sacs.
Brants have (part) bird's feet.
Brants have (part) brains.
Brants have (part) breasts.
Brants have (part) cell membranes.
Brants have (part) cells.
Brants have (part) chest cavities.
Brants have (part) chests.
Brants have (part) corpi.
Brants have (part) cytoplasm.
Brants have (part) ears.
Brants have (part) faces.
Brants have (part) flight feathers.
Brants have (part) heads.
Brants have (part) lips.
Brants have (part) mouths.
Brants have (part) nuclei.
Brants have (part) plasma membranes.
Brants have (part) quill feathers.
Brants have (part) rib cages.
Brants have (part) second joints.
Brants have (part) sections.
Brants have (part) skulls.
Brants have (part) sterna.
Brants have (part) talons.
Brants have (part) vacuoles.
Brants have (part) wishbones.
Brants have brain damage.
Brants have damage.
Brants suffer from disorder.
Brants suffer from sexual disorder.
Brants suffer from substance dependence disorder.
Brascan caveat is discharged.
Brasilian law demands that farmers protect a certain percentage of the original vegetation.
Brasilian music appears to be returning to it's African roots.
Brasilian people like to live life.
A brass band is a band
Brass bands are all very well in their place - outdoors and several miles away.
Brass bands are bands.
Brass bands are exciting.
Brass bands are optional.
Brass bands consist of comets, alto horns, trombones, baritones, tubas, snare and bass drums.
Brass bands march through the festival grounds, too.
Brass bands march up and down the streets.
Brass bands play music.
Most brass bands play music.
Brass beds are high on the list, unless they're antique.
Brass brads are the binding of choice.
Brass button bears, limited edition stuffed animals, brass buttoneer, stuffed toys.
Brass buttons are flowers.
Brass eyes reduce line abrasion and make it easy to attach the sinker to a snap or snap swivel.
Brass fasteners serve as the drawer knobs.
A brass instrument is wind
Brass instrument is for resonance only.
Brass instruments are instruments.
Brass instruments are located in brass bands.
Brass instruments are located in jazz bands.
Brass instruments are part of bands.
Brass instruments are used for music.
Brass instruments are used for play.
Brass instruments are used for playing.
Brass instruments are very durable and can last for decades with sensible care and cleaning.
Brass instruments are wind instruments.
Brass instruments can provide a musical outlet in a variety of groups.
Brass instruments come in several different keys .
Brass instruments come in several different keys.
Brass instruments give off more raspy and blaring tones than other instruments.
Brass instruments have few working parts by comparison and require a different form of maintenance.
Brass instruments have two types of valves available.
Brass instruments involve the blowing of air into a mouthpiece.
Brass instruments operate in the range of yellow orange for trumpet to a deep warm red for tuba.
Many brass instruments put all sorts of curves in the tube, some of the curves switchable by keys.
Some brass instruments take greater physical development.
Some brass instruments use piston valves.
Some brass instruments use valves.
Brass lantern shaped base has very little wear.
Brass plates are permanently secured to the taiko body and taiko stands.
Brass plates require a rigid cover to stay attached.
Brass players make musical sound.
Brass players make sound.
Brass quintets deserve some sympathy.
Brass rails are polished and polished again and the beat goes on.
Brass rubbing is enjoyed by tens of thousands of people as a hobby or occasional pursuit.
Brass trio Get an eyeful at the digital camera demonstration.
Brass are excellent condition .
Brass cabooses with lighting or passenger cars are obvious sources of trouble.
Brass candlesticks with some pietre dure bird pictures in the bottom.
Brass contains zinc and possibly small amounts of lead.
Brass covers die-stamped in bold relief, extension ends in ebony finish with artistic gold stamping.
Brass does conduct heat.
Brass duplex twin burner lamp-made in England.
Brass expands and contracts more than iron for the same changes in temperature.
Brass ferrules, square butt plate, typical serpent sideplate.
Brass finish some worn.
Brass fittings belaying pins, eyebolts and rings, wire and strip material.
Brass fittings throughout.
Brass fittings with blued barrel.
Brass forms the bell, steam cylinders, eyebolts and gear shafts.
Brass gears with stainles steel ball race.
Brass handle letters.
Brass handle opens to storage.
Brass handle very decorative.
Brass handle, guard and scew off butt cap.
Brass has conductivity.
Brass has luster.
Brass has metallic luster.
Brass has pitch.
Brass has zinc.
Brass is albums.
Brass is alloy.
Brass is bronze.
Brass is by appointment only, so please call in advance.
Brass is conductors.
Brass is decoration.
Brass is families.
Brass is located in metal objects.
Brass is located in orchestras.
Brass is memorials.
Brass is metal
Brass is plates.
Brass is sections.
Brass is wind instruments.
Brass isa alloy.
Brass lanterns flicker along a stone path leading up to the door.
Brass nameplates on a mass grave.
Brass nozzles for added durability and close-in watering.
Brass retaining stud has green verdigris at the base.
Brass returns for the curtain call, and the final title line of singing is double tracked.
Brass sconces on either side of the door to the living room.
Brass shines, old mirrors engraved with wild flowers, mahogany walls.
Brass shows through etching.
Brass shows through some parts of the silver plating.
Brass snap for hood.
Brass tend to be overpowering but can be used effectively in alternation.
Brass tends to throw back the reflection of light making it harder to read.
Brass topped railings are also available.
Brass turn- ings, taken from a brass bar, still are brass in a finer state of division.
Brass works great.
Brasses are a unique source of information.
Brasses are perhaps the least susceptible copper alloys to sulfide pitting.
Brasses are very thin pieces of brass and coppers are half that thickness.
Brasses have excellent castability, and a good combination of strength and corrosion resistance.
Brasses frequently contain lead in order to improve machinability.
All brass is turned and trimmed to dimensional uniformity second to none.
Most brass does conduct heat.
Most brass has conductivity.
Most brass has luster.
Most brass has metallic luster.
Most brass has pitch.
Some brass does conduct electricity.
Some brass has expansion.
A brassavola is an orchid
Brassavolas grow well in warm to intermediate climates.
A brasserie is a restaurant
Brasseries are open at all hours and the shellfish is about as fresh and good as it gets.
Brassicas forages are high quality, high yielding, and fast growing crops that are high in protein.
A brassie is wood
Brassies can be quite effective fished deep with a heavy woolly bugger.
A brassiere is a clothing
A brassiere is a garment
Brassieres are fine, as they serve a specific purpose.
Brassieres are optional even in the workplace, with most locals seemingly going the braless route.
Brassware manufacturing is a highly skilled job.
A brat is a child
BRAT depends solely on volunteers.
BRAT stands for bananas, rice, applesauce and toast.
BRAT stands for bananas, rice, applesauce, and toast.
Brats contain pork, beef, and spices.
Brats hang in there when the going gets tough, and they also stand up for the beliefs of others.
Brats learn to make friends quickly in new moves, and to be daring when they have to be.
Brats sample fantastic food and wine parings from mild to zesty spice.
Some brats actually enjoy moving.
Brattle subscriptions are currently only available at the theatre or via mail.
Bravado is an admired trait.
Bravado is fanfare
Bravado is films.
Bravado is ostentation.
Bravado is out of fashion in the higher tiers of the workplace.
Bravado replaces common sense.
Bravado talks about the human struggle.
Brave boatmen come, they go, they die, the voyage flows on forever.
Brave captain rides out the collapse.
Brave developers can even allow end-users to enter their own comments when they encounter errors.
Brave guys wear dresses.
Brave individuals gather on the shores of the Bering Sea for a quick dip, ice permitting.
Every brave knight is invited.
Brave men are always armed.
Brave men deserve better.
Brave men die.
All brave men have two things in common, fear and love.
Some brave men spill their guts in heart wrenching detail.
Some brave parents can even buy goldfish for a ring toss in a goldfish bowl.
Some brave parents get on the scale, too.
Brave sailors remain low in the cockpit, bundled against the chilly air.
Brave seamen can participate if they like, pants and boots are available.
Brave souls can test at their own risk.
Every brave soul says yes.
Many brave souls attempt the task, and no single person can succeed.
Some brave souls balance heavy swords on their heads.
Some brave souls dance in their stocking feet or barefoot.
Some brave souls go way beyond hiking.
Some brave souls specialise in brokering asset swaps.
Some brave students drive to the coast to surf on weekends.
Brave trolls fail to get at least one kill.
Brave walkers receive a certificate if they make it to the top.
Brave women stand up and tell personal stories.
Some brave women share their personal experiences.
A brave is a warrior
Braves are a bit vulnerable.
Braves are films.
Braves are on a streak.
Braves are people.
Braves are too smart to let a real good one get away.
Braves are up.
Braves are video games.
Braves are warriors.
Braves get strongest support from newcomers.
Braves lose, Olympic bomb . . .
Braves roll over Marlins .
Braves score in each of tphe final five innings to pull away.
Bravery can take many forms, as Brand New Day demonstrates.
Bravery comes in a small package.
Bravery conquers death.
Bravery constitutes one of our laws.
Bravery has nothing to do with it.
Bravery is a funny thing.
Bravery is a kind of spiritual courage.
Bravery is back.
Bravery is bands.
Bravery is easy out in battle's heat, Fighting far above some foreign skies.
Bravery is hard.
Bravery is more a matter of duty than deciding to be brave.
Bravery is spirit
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
Bravery is the courage to walk where others fear to go.
Bravery is the mean with regard to fear and courage.
Bravery is the quintessence of the soldier.
Bravery is to do something for the sake of others, doing something daring.
Bravery Is undeterred, and America still stands Proudly.
Bravery isa trait.
Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice.
Bravery never goes out of fashion.
Bravery never goies out of fashion.
Bravery weighs more than beef also.
All bravery is fear of failure.
Bravo isa cheer.
A bravura is virtuosity
Bravura helps businesses choose the right software for their needs.
Bravura helps businesses find the right software for their needs.
A brawl is a party
Brawls occasionally break out in basketball and baseball.
A brawler is a fighter
Brawlers are combatants.
Brawlers are simply good fighters.
Brawlers are virtual warriors who strive to hone their skills in wrestling, boxing and martial arts.
Brawlers compete in cool frenzies of acquisitiveness.
Brawn is a diligent student.
Brawn is just no comparison for good old brains and talent.
Brawn is out and knowledge is in.
Brawn is strength
Brawn is strength.
Brawn thinks they have thought of everything, but admits that one never knows.
Bray Lake attracts fish throughout the summer months and into the fall and winter.
Brazed structures offer excellent strength and fatigue resistance.
Brazil nut trees reach height.
A brazil nut is a nut tree
Brazil nuts are a great source.
Brazil nuts are also high in selenium.
Brazil nuts are an important source of dietary selenium.
Brazil nuts are delicious and high in selenium, an essential anti-oxidant.
Brazil nuts are especially high in selenium.
Brazil nuts are high in both zinc and selenium.
Brazil nuts are in the news too.
Brazil nuts are know for their large fruits and seeds.
Brazil nuts are nut trees.
Brazil nuts are one of the richest known sources of the mineral selenium.
Brazil nuts are part of brazil nuts.
Brazil nuts are plants.
Brazil nuts are rich in selenium, a powerful antioxidant.
Brazil nuts are the best source of selenium.
Brazil nuts are useful in the manufacturing of many hair products.
Brazil nuts are very high in selenium which has been found to have strong anti-cancer properties.
Brazil nuts bring in millions of dollars each year.
Brazil nuts come from trees.
Brazil nuts grow in a capsule in the tops of the Brazil-nut tree.
Brazil nuts have deliciously rich meat.
Brazil nuts tend to rise to the top because smaller nuts block downward movement of the larger nuts.
Most brazil nuts come from trees.
Brazil rainforests face new threat.
Brazil soccer is thirsty for a medal, preferably a gold one.
Brazil time is three hours ahead of U.S. central time.
A brazil is a nut
Brazil adopts international classification system .
Brazil alone accounts for about half of all the users in Latin America.
Brazil alone accounts for one-third of Latin America's economic activity.
Brazil already accounts for almost half the GDP of South America.
Brazil already taxes heavily, and spends the proceeds inequitably.
Brazil also bans free cigarette samples and purchases by children.
Brazil also boasts the largest number of virtual retailers in the region.
Brazil also continues to have a problem with unauthorized public performances.
Brazil also continues to move ahead in counternarcotics judicial reform.
Brazil also faces stiff competition from other nations in the U.S. market.
Brazil also has important trading links with a number of Arab countries, notably Saudi Arabia.
Brazil also has large areas planted to tropical pines such as caribbea and oocarpa.
Brazil also has probably the highest level of tobacco advertising per capita in the world.
Brazil also has the biggest number of Japanese descendents outside Japan.
Brazil also has the largest number of virtual retailers in the region.
Brazil also has the right to appeal.
Brazil also has the world s second highest number of murders of homosexuals.
Brazil also provides the added benefit of a large local market to fuel the company's sales growth.
Brazil ambles out the door an hour later, and the neighbors set to chatting.
Brazil announces an unprecedented plan to protect an area of Amazon forest half the size of France.
Brazil appears to be limiting exports which has supported the market.
Brazil are also fairly common. . . .
Brazil are at one of the lowest ebbs in their footballing history.
Brazil are the only team to have won the World Cup out of the continent.
Brazil auctions off-shore oil licenses, allowing foreign firms a greater role.
Brazil bans six violent video games after some retard shoots up a theatre.
Brazil becomes independent from Portugal.
Brazil becomes independent of Portugal.
Brazil being larger than the continental United States has many varied regions and cultures.
Brazil believes it has the credentials to play a growing role on the international scene.
Brazil believes that any system of justice is only as good as the judges and lawyers in the system.
Brazil broadcasts live over the internet.
Brazil can be a wonderful place to do business, in spite of some challenges.
Brazil can become a successful model for other developing countries.
Brazil can move up to second on goal difference, however, if it beats Peru overnight.
Brazil can really grow.
Brazil can succeed only with resolute pursuit of sound and strong fiscal and monetary policies.
Brazil cares very much for their orphaned and abandoned children.
Brazil claims the highest primate diversity of any country in the world.
Brazil contains data from Portuguese colony.
Brazil contends that they do.
Brazil continues to be the largest online market in Latin America.
Brazil continues to increase soybean exports in competition with the United States.
Brazil currently has no eradication program in place.
Brazil currently leads the world in coffee production.
Brazil currently produces about three-quarters as much as the rest of Latin America together.
Brazil declares war on Germany.
Brazil defeats Italy by penalty kicks, a World Cup Final first.
Brazil does only a little bit more.
Brazil does to technology what stand-up comedians do to politicians.
Brazil dominates in such areas as online advertising and user numbers.
Brazil enjoys extraordinary geographical diversity.
Brazil extends intellectual property authorship protection for Fifty years to software publishers.
Brazil faces a desperate short-age of organ donors.
Brazil faces the pressure of competing human demands on natural resources.
Brazil faces yet a different set of challenges.
Brazil feels like years ago.
Brazil feels that it made far too many concessions and lost potential trade benefits.
Brazil find themselves in the unthinkable position of having to tough it out.
Brazil generates nearly one-third of all goods and services produced in Latin America.
Brazil harbors the largest region of untouched jungle on Earth.
Brazil harbors the largest wintering concentration.
Brazil has a comparative advantage in the production of automobiles.
Brazil has a comparative advantage in the production of shoes.
Brazil has a developing economy.
Brazil has a diverse and sophisticated services industry as well.
Brazil has a high explosion factor.
Brazil has a high incidence of violent crime.
Brazil has a huge foreign debt.
Brazil has a large, sophisticated financial sector.
Brazil has a minimum wage system.
Brazil has a serious percentage of short-term debt and an election coming up in the next few months.
Brazil has a strong interest in maintaining an open climate for foreign direct investment.
Brazil has a tradition of being a very strong team.
Brazil has a two-tiered medical system and money often dictates the route of obstetrical delivery.
Brazil has a very large landmass.
Brazil has a very small private sector and a large public sector.
Brazil has a wealth of historic sites with an enormous potential cultural and economic value.
Brazil has a well developed space program.
Brazil has a young population and good economic growth.
Brazil has an absolute advantage in the production of shoes.
Brazil has an abundance of most kinds of resources.
Brazil has an amazing variety of contrasting landscapes.
Brazil has an even longer tradition in the maritime industry.
Brazil has an interesting history .
Brazil has best pedigrees, but Argentina has most fertile land to develop tougher runners.
Brazil has enormous natural resources but their exploitation so far has benefited just a few.
Brazil has enormous reserves of many important minerals.
Brazil has enough experience with negative impacts of large scale development schemes in.
Brazil has everything.
Brazil has fine composers but few good teachers.
Brazil has five different regions and each one has it is own characteristics.
Brazil has large river systems.
Brazil has many different types of soil.
Brazil has many fine libraries and research centers.
Brazil has many large cities as well as remote areas that few have explored.
Brazil has more lingerie and bathing suit shops than any other country in the world.
Brazil has more professional soccer teams than any other country in the world.
Brazil has no extradition treaty with Britain or with the United States.
Brazil has one of the most advanced industrial sectors in Latin America.
Brazil has one of the most beautiful and musical peoples in the world.
Brazil has one of the most concentrated land distribution patterns in the world.
Brazil has one of the most unequal distributions of income in the world.
Brazil has one of the world's most unequal patterns of land distribution.
Brazil has one-seventh of the world's total forest area.
Brazil has some of the largest and most beautiful caves known in the whole world.
Brazil has some of the largest ranches in the world.
Brazil has strong traditions in the genres of horror, satirical humour and children's comics.
Brazil has ten million rural poor who have no access to land.
Brazil has the best crystal rocks in the world.
Brazil has the fourth largest television network in the world.
Brazil has the furthest to go, but also has perhaps the greatest potential.
Brazil has the highest annual rate of deforestation today.
Brazil has the highest interest rates in the world.
Brazil has the land, incentives for major push in soybean output.
Brazil has the largest economy in Latin America, but a long history of inflation and corruption.
Brazil has the largest economy in Latin America.
Brazil has the largest economy in South America, by far.
Brazil has the largest Japanese speaking population in the Americas.
Brazil has the largest national fuel ethanol industry .
Brazil has the largest national fuel ethanol industry.
Brazil has the largest number of Internet users after the United States.
Brazil has the largest population of African descents outside North America.
Brazil has the largest potential environmental market in Latin America.
Brazil has the most advanced Internet and e-commerce industries in Latin America.
Brazil has the most inequitable distribution of land ownership in the world.
Brazil has the second largest population of people of African origin of any nation.
Brazil has the second worst distribution of land in the world.
Brazil has the second-largest Black population in the world, second only to that of Nigeria.
Brazil has the skills base, a large market in the region and conducive economic situation.
Brazil has the world's biggest Roman Catholic population.
Brazil has the world's ninth largest economy - twice the size of Russia's.
Brazil has two great scorers.
Brazil has very strong folklore and culture surrounding capoeira.
Brazil has yet to ratify the statute, however.
Brazil have the best forwards and France have the best defence.
Brazil holds first place, France is second, while Croatia has jumped from fourth to third place.
Brazil ignores all other countries' use of the Web.
Brazil is a beautiful country to visit.
Brazil is a big country.
Brazil is a bigger market than France, Italy and the U.K. combined.
Brazil is a brilliant movie.
Brazil is a by-product of a previous manufacturing process which was stopped several years ago.
Brazil is a case in point.
Brazil is a comic sideshow, compared to Russia and Japan.
Brazil is a country of continental size, and arguably the most biologically rich nation on Earth.
Brazil is a country of contradictions.
Brazil is a country of enormous diversity and splendor.
Brazil is a country rich in natural resources.
Brazil is a country rich in resources and natural advantages.
Brazil is a country that adapts readily to rapid changes and new opportunities.
Brazil is a country that has a good intellectual base and a good industrial base.
Brazil is a country with great differences in wealth between people.
Brazil is a country with many possibilities for travelers.
Brazil is a culture filled with spiritualism and miracles.
Brazil is a developing country which needs capital investment.
Brazil is a developing country.
Brazil is a developing nation short of cash.
Brazil is a developing nation, after all, with a huge underclass and poor telephone lines.
Brazil is a fantastic country whose music, culture and youthful people seem custom-built for joy.
Brazil is a goldmine as far as great singers.
Brazil is a good example.
Brazil is a great film.
Brazil is a great night out.
Brazil is a growing market for the company.
Brazil is a heavy importer of cocaine.
Brazil is a hot country, and it is safer to drive with windows shut.
Brazil is a huge country, with a lot of different cultures and many different styles of music.
Brazil is a key country supporting East Timor.
Brazil is a land of contrasts.
Brazil is a land of profound economic contradictions.
Brazil is a large and diverse economy that is rich in natural resources and human capital.
Brazil is a large and, in some areas of enterprise, potentially intimidating competitor.
Brazil is a lovely place to grow up, great beaches, great people and tons of things to do.
Brazil is a major consumer and exporter of the metal.
Brazil is a major exporter of soybean products.
Brazil is a major producer of several other metals.
Brazil is a medieval society.
Brazil is a member of the Patent Cooperation Treaty.
Brazil is a multicultural country with rich musical traditions.
Brazil is a multiracial country.
Brazil is a multi-racial society, with one of the world's widest income gaps between rich and poor.
Brazil is a mystical country, virtually obsessed with the supernatural.
Brazil is a natural market for the Portuguese companies to implement their activities on the Net.
Brazil is a populous country filled with people who love and understandthe game.
Brazil is a potential market worth tens of millions in profits.
Brazil is a relatively small importer of other meat and animal products.
Brazil is a rich country.
Brazil is a special kind of country, and a different kind of country in a way.
Brazil is a start-up machine.
Brazil is a state party to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Brazil is a success story in blood safety.
Brazil is a tropical country with mild winters and very large rivers.
Brazil is a tropical country.
Brazil is a vast country, larger than the continental United States.
Brazil is a vast nation.
Brazil is a very big country.
Brazil is a very important market for Australian coking coal.
Brazil is a very large country with a large and highly diverse population.
Brazil is a young country.
Brazil is about one little man's fight against the big corporate machine.
Brazil is above all a melting pot.
Brazil is abundant in bean oil, and in the United States sunflower oil is easy to find.
Brazil is ahead of the United States in some aspects of insect biocontrol on farms.
Brazil is also a developing country.
Brazil is also a highly industrialized nation.
Brazil is also a major producer of several other key commodities such as gold, coal and phosphates.
Brazil is also a producer, with most of production in the form of ferronickel alloy products.
Brazil is also an important creditor.
Brazil is also famous for the wounderful beaches on the atlantic ocean and the exotic food.
Brazil is also home to more than a quarter of Earth's tropical forests.
Brazil is also home to the world's largest forest reserves.
Brazil is also on top of the list in the area of deaths provoked by work accidents.
Brazil is also one of the biggest gold producers.
Brazil is also one of the very few countries where poverty increased despite growth.
Brazil is also part of the modern world.
Brazil is also the first developing country to clone a sheep.
Brazil is also the largest Internet market in Latin America and the fastest growing in the world.
Brazil is also the main supplier of transgenic-free soybeans to Europe.
Brazil is also the world's largest exporter of niobium, tin, lithium, tantalum and gemstones.
Brazil is among the countries embracing REDD among other efforts to reduce carbon emissions.
Brazil is among the top ten producers of beef.
Brazil is among the top three producers of sugar cane.
Brazil is an example, currently.
Brazil is an example.
Brazil is an excellent team.
Brazil is an immense country with several different biomes, or life zones.
Brazil is an impressive South American power.
Brazil is an incredible country, with regions and subcultures that are each worth a closer look.
Brazil is an instructive case.
Brazil is an intensely human story brutal and violent, tender and passionate.
Brazil is an island of naivet surrounded by scoundrels in all directions.
Brazil is another important actor, particularly in the soybean market.
Brazil is another important business partner.
Brazil is another story, though.
Brazil is approximately the size of the United States.
Brazil is around.
Brazil is as likely to stay a risky zone as the whole of Latin America.
Brazil is at all times peacefully inclined.
Brazil is at the edge of an economic precipice, and the rest of Latin America is getting dizzy.
Brazil is believed to have sold some corn for export, for the first time in several years.
Brazil is better able to produce coffee than France.
Brazil is biggest part of pay-TV ad pie.
Brazil is broken.
Brazil is by far the largest source of wood products for the U.S., from Latin America.
Brazil is by far the largest South American economy.
Brazil is by far the largest supplier of coffee today.
Brazil is by far the number one exporter of coffee beans both arabica and robusta.
Brazil is Canada's largest trading partner in South America.
Brazil is characterized by racial, ethnic and regional diversity.
Brazil is clearly a much less compelling candidate than Canada for dollarization.
Brazil is considerably larger than Europe.
Brazil is considered the largest Roman Catholic country in the world.
Brazil is currently the largest on that list by a wide margin.
Brazil is currently the top ranked soccer team in the world.
Brazil is declared a republic.
Brazil is declared to be a republic.
Brazil is decreed a kingdom, independent from Portugal.
Brazil is different from other Latin American countries.
Brazil is different.
Brazil is divided into five regions.
Brazil is dominant in soy and iron ore while Russia has enormous supplies of oil and natural gas.
Brazil is endowed with vast agricultural resources.
Brazil is enormous, and the church is tiny.
Brazil is far and away the leader among Latin American countries in terms of Internet access .
Brazil is far and away the leader among Latin American countries in terms of Internet access.
Brazil is fast developing into an auto center that can match Mexico.
Brazil is favored for a medal in men's and women's beach volleyball.
Brazil is flat.
Brazil is fourth in the world in food exports, fifth in area, and sixth in hunger.
Brazil is fourth in the world with the exportation of arms.
Brazil is funny that way.
Brazil is generally self-sufficient in food with the major exception of wheat.
Brazil is gone.
Brazil is great so far.
Brazil is highly dependent upon potato and strawberry cultivars developed in other countries.
Brazil is highly vulnerable to international economic and financial disruptions.
Brazil is home to more U.S. direct investment than even Mexico.
Brazil is home to the largest Catholic population in the world.
Brazil is important for similar reasons.
Brazil is important to the United States.
Brazil is in good shape.
Brazil is in the process of deciding whether to make the new technology legal.
Brazil is in the same boat as Mexico.
Brazil is in trouble.
Brazil is key.
Brazil is known as a country that exports products.
Brazil is known as the country with the world's largest rainforest.
Brazil is largest producer There are several varieties that are mixed to give a unique blend.
Brazil is Latin America's largest and most diverse economy.
Brazil is Latin America's largest economy and the eighth largest in the world.
Brazil is linked to Uruguay by four highways.
Brazil is located in a tropical climatic zone just south of the equator.
Brazil is made up of states, territories and the Federal District.
Brazil is more insulated from outside influences, with a larger and more inward-looking economy.
Brazil is more of a native and established country.
Brazil is more or less like China.
Brazil is most at fault, but consumers and governments around the world have a role to play.
Brazil is next on eight.
Brazil is no different.
Brazil is no one's idea of a languorous read.
Brazil is none too impressed with Canadian artists.
Brazil is now a distant second.
Brazil is now among the world s ten most powerful economic nations.
Brazil is now in crisis.
Brazil is now the ninth biggest steel producer in the world.
Brazil is obviously by far the richer country in terms of per capita income.
Brazil is of great concern again.
Brazil is of particular importance to the United States, both economically and geographically.
Brazil is officially Catholic, but evangelicals are an increasing minority.
Brazil is on everybody's list of important countries that are quite behind.
Brazil is on the edge of hyperinflation.
Brazil is on the opposite longitude to Australia and is in the southern hemisphere.
Brazil is one country that has fallen in love with the breed.
Brazil is one example where considerable strides have been made.
Brazil is one of our favorite destinations.
Brazil is one of the countries that have been greatly affected by global economic policies.
Brazil is one of the fastest growing internet markets in the world.
Brazil is one of the favorites to win the Cup.
Brazil is one of the few areas in the world where staying blood is still cultivated.
Brazil is one of the greatest rice importers in the world.
Brazil is one of the largest beef producers in the world.
Brazil is one of the leading emerging market economies in the world.
Brazil is one of the major leaders in the cocoa bean belt.
Brazil is one of the two countries of the earth with the highest income concentration.
Brazil is one of the world's leading exporters of agricultural products.
Brazil is one of the world's leading manufacturers of aircraft and automobiles.
Brazil is one of the world's top surfing destinations.
Brazil is one the countries that has been greatly affected by neoliberal policies.
Brazil is one three council members who are seeking the Democratic mayoral nomination.
Brazil is poised to become a major source of sales for airframe manufacturers.
Brazil is potentially one of the largest energy markets in the world.
Brazil is presently by far the world's largest producer of coffee.
Brazil is probably the most prolific supplier of aquamarine today.
Brazil is proud to be the most flagrant abuser of international patent law.
Brazil is rated second in world iron- ore production and fifth in the production of motor vehicles.
Brazil is represented by three hot acts, two of which also boast long-time Latin favourites.
Brazil is represented in Central and South America.
Brazil is rich in natural and human resources.
Brazil is rich in natural resources, and has one of the world's few natural resource frontiers.
Brazil is rich in natural resources, yet has an enormous national debt.
Brazil is second only to Nigeria in population of people of African descent.
Brazil is secured back to the South American continent.
Brazil is self-sufficient in food, except for wheat .
Brazil is self-sufficient in most foodstuffs and consumer goods.
Brazil is simply a piece of art.
Brazil is slightly more important as a source of U.S. agricultural imports.
Brazil is so distinct from other Latin societies.
Brazil is South America's largest market and has shown signs of positive growth in recent years.
Brazil is South America's largest potential insurance market.
Brazil is South America's largest, richest and most heavily populated country.
Brazil is such a diverse country and the culture is so very rich, that there is much to be learned.
Brazil is such a huge and diverse country wit h an incredible range of topography and climates.
Brazil is such a place too, in a much different way than Haiti.
Brazil is the best team in the world's history, and it has had some dynamite names.
Brazil is the big player south of Mexico.
Brazil is the center of attention right now.
Brazil is the champion in the concentration of land.
Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world, occupying half of the continent of South America.
Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world.
Brazil is the first country to set up small kiosks as an alternative to bigger restaurants.
Brazil is the first country to use sugar cane alcohol as a fuel for motor vehicles.
Brazil is the largest citrus producer in the world.
Brazil is the largest country in South America and is the fifth largest country in the world.
Brazil is the largest country in South America and the largest economy in Latin America.
Brazil is the largest country in South America taking up half of the continent.
Brazil is the largest country in South America with many landforms.
Brazil is the largest country in South America, and the fifth largest in the world.
Brazil is the largest country in South America, the national language is Portuguese.
Brazil is the largest country in South America.
Brazil is the largest country in the Latin American region.
Brazil is the largest developing country recipient of U.S. direct investment.
Brazil is the largest economy in Latin America.
Brazil is the largest exporter of citrus juice concentrate in the world.
Brazil is the largest market in South America.
Brazil is the largest of Argentina's South American trading partners.
Brazil is the largest of the Latin American countries and the only one to speak Portuguese.
Brazil is the largest of the South American nations.
Brazil is the largest producer of coffee in the world.
Brazil is the largest producer of coffee producing predominantly arabica.
Brazil is the largest producer of oranges, and Japan of mandarins.
Brazil is the largest producer of papayas in the world, and the dominant supplier to Europe.
Brazil is the largest sending nation, accounting for more than half of cross-cultural workers.
Brazil is the largest source.
Brazil is the leading producer of dry beans, followed by Mexico.
Brazil is the most economically unequal country in the world, exceeding even the United States.
Brazil is the most important trading partner.
Brazil is the most prolific supplier of aquamarine, which is often found in shades of blue-green.
Brazil is the most severely affected country in South America.
Brazil is the most severely affected in South America.
Brazil is the most striking example of how local generic drug production can reduce prices.
Brazil is the number one destination in South America for Virginia exports.
Brazil is the odds-on favorite in both the men's and women's division.
Brazil is the only country in Latin America that speaks Portuguese.
Brazil is the only country in the world that can compete with the United States on a costwise basis.
Brazil is the only country to supply any major markets, however.
Brazil is the only Latin American country that had a monarchy.
Brazil is the only Portuguese speaking country in South America.
Brazil is the only Portuguese speaking nation in the Americas.
Brazil is the only Portuguese-speaking country in South America.
Brazil is the only Portuguese-speaking nation in the Americas.
Brazil is the only significant weapons producer in Latin America.
Brazil is the principal foreign investor in Paraguay.
Brazil is the regional giant and gets the lion's share of foreign capital.
Brazil is the second country to sign sucha guarantee with Korea after Thailand.
Brazil is the second largest producer of soy in the world.
Brazil is the seventh in the world ranking of gold production.
Brazil is the sport's powerhouse.
Brazil is the twelfth largest market for U.S. exporters.
Brazil is the undisputed leader in both technology and telecommunications in Latin America.
Brazil is the world leader in genetic engineering technology.
Brazil is the world s ninth largest economy and has half of the continent s population.
Brazil is the world's biggest coffee producer in both hectares used and metric tonnes produced.
Brazil is the world's biggest consumer of tropical timber.
Brazil is the world's biggest producer and exporter of orange juice.
Brazil is the world's biggest Roman Catholic country.
Brazil is the world's largest commercial producer of citrus fruit and juice.
Brazil is the world's largest deforester and one of the largest debtors.
Brazil is the world's largest exporter of beef.
Brazil is the world's largest producer and consumer of ethanol.
Brazil is the worlds largest producer and exporter of both sugar,orange juice,and coffee.
Brazil is the world's largest producer and exporter of coffee.
Brazil is the world's largest producer of coffee.
Brazil is the world's largest producer of grapefruits and oranges.
Brazil is the world's largest producer of oranges.
Brazil is the world's largest Roman Catholic country, at least nominally.
Brazil is the world's largest sugar producer and biggest grower and exporter of coffee.
Brazil is the world's leader in the use of ethanol as an automobile fuel.
Brazil is the world's leading coffee producer.
Brazil is the world's leading producer of coffee.
Brazil is the world's ninth largest economy.
Brazil is the worlds second biggest exporter of soyabeans.
Brazil is the world's second biggest exporter of soyabeans.
Brazil is the world's second largest exporter of soya.
Brazil is third in the South American standings, trailing Argentina and Paraguay.
Brazil is to the north, east and south.
Brazil is toast.
Brazil is too confident, too experienced, and quite simply too good.
Brazil is truly an amazing country to know.
Brazil is unique, different and all to discover.
Brazil is vast.
Brazil is very good right now.
Brazil is very heterogenous racially and culturally.
Brazil is very large.
Brazil is very strong too, although a bit erratic.
Brazil is very wealthy in resources, but has a vocation for poverty.
Brazil is viewed by most experts as being in fundamentally good shape.
Brazil is, and has been, rich with healers and spiritual abundance of many kinds.
Brazil is, as ever, flawed in defense.
Brazil isa nut.
Brazil lacks good quality coal to produce the temperatures needed.
Brazil leads the country standings, with Canada second and the United States third.
Brazil leads the world in fuel-alcohol production.
Brazil leads the world with more than four billion gallons of ethanol produced each year.
Brazil lets individuals and companies file directly.
Brazil Looks like a winner.
Brazil makes up nearly half the total area of South America.
Brazil meets Batman.
Brazil needs a roll-over.
Brazil needs help.
Brazil needs rapid and sustained economic expansion for political and economic reasons.
Brazil needs to do more to help with social problems now, even if that results in slower growth.
Brazil needs to expand the importance of it's export industries.
Brazil needs to hold back on exports.
Brazil needs to hold back on production.
Brazil needs to prevent reintroduction of inflation and indexation into the Brazilian economy.
Brazil now has, for the first time, a minister of defense.
Brazil now produces more emeralds than any other country.
Brazil now requires fumigation of liftvans in certain cases.
Brazil now seems to be following a similar path.
Brazil nuts with their brown outer coating produce a topping that is speckled in appearance.
Brazil occupies nearly half of the total area of South America.
Brazil offers the most potential.
Brazil opens and closes with the same peaceful shot of blue sky and stratospheric clouds.
Brazil opens their tournament tonight against Colombia.
Brazil plans to use porn movies to promote safe sex.
Brazil presents a slightly different picture.
Brazil proclaims independence from Portugal.
Brazil produces bioethanol made from sugarcane available throughout the country.
Brazil produces each day.
Brazil produces only a small amount of coal.
Brazil proposes a ban on export of the wood.
Brazil provides counterpart funds from the federal an state budgets.
Brazil pushing ahead Brazil is, indeed, pushing ahead.
Brazil qualifies on penalties.
Brazil ranks fifth in both area and population among the countries of the world.
Brazil ranks first in the world for numbers of species of primate, amphibians and plants.
Brazil ranks second only to the U.S. in world chicken exports.
Brazil ranks second to the U.S. in soybean exports and first in exports of soybean meal.
Brazil ranks twelfth among countries of origin of foreign scholars in the United States.
Brazil relies much more significantly on trade with Europe and Asia.
Brazil relies on hydroelectric energy and France, nuclear fission.
Brazil remains attractive to Canadian investors and exporters alike.
Brazil remains the world's largest coffee producer and exporter.
Brazil represents slightly less than half of the total.
Brazil requires that all consumer products be labeled in Portuguese.
Brazil risks serious setbacks and instability if it fails to proceed with reform.
Brazil runs many combination plays that the men do, such as the middle stack with a back row hitter.
Brazil s still very shaky.
Brazil says the ban has already cost one-million dollars in lost exports.
Brazil seems to be stabilizing.
Brazil seems to be the place where monster crystals of all sorts come from.
Brazil seems to offer art without heart.
Brazil sees the program with the fund as having essentially a preventive nature.
Brazil serves as a money center and a financial hub for corporate activity in South America.
Brazil shares a border with every country in South America except Chile and Ecuador.
Brazil shows that the world capitalist crisis has deepened and is at a new juncture.
Brazil stands to gain much from economic stability throughout Latin America.
Brazil still boasts the largest Catholic population in the world.
Brazil still have three tough tests to overcome in the World Cup campaign.
Brazil still have three tough tests to overcome in their World Cup campaign.
Brazil still requires both pilots to be type rated.
Brazil straddles the equator, an ideal location for a launch site.
Brazil suffers a military coup d' tat .
Brazil suffers no such inhibitions.
Brazil suffers on both counts.
Brazil supports three national dive magazines.
Brazil suspects that the ban is Canada's retaliation over a dispute of airline subsidies.
Brazil takes time out to catch up with the news.
Brazil takes up most of the eastern side with Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile and Argentina in the South.
Brazil talks the right talk and does the opposite.
Brazil tenders private exploration licenses for oil.
Brazil thus has some responsibility to the outside world to oversee full demarcation.
Brazil trades more with Europe than the United States.
Brazil treats life-saving drugs as social goods.
Brazil uses tar because it's affordable.
Brazil wants more.
Brazil wants to bar trade in rosewood.
Brazil wants to close the tax loopholes of which wealthy tax evaders take advantage.
Brazil wants to steal the gold.
Brazil When conversing, good eye contact is important.
Brazil wins battle against Argentina over Uruguay.
Brazil wins, Morocco and Norway tie, in opener.
Brazil worries about the privatization of public services, such as health care.
Brazils are all of the coffees grown in Brazil.
Brazils are countries.
Brazils have (part) kernels.
Brazils have (part) sections.
Brazilian agate is mined from eroded lava beds in the Brazil plateaus.
Brazilian agriculture is well diversified, and the country is largely self-sufficient in food.
Brazilian authors form the overwhelming majority.
Brazilian beekeepers claim to have few disease problems with their bees.
Brazilian cherry forms the outer points, all of which are surrounded by a band of all the species.
Brazilian coffee is generally dry-processed.
Brazilian coffee is served in espresso-sized cups and is extremely popular.
Brazilian cooking favors more ingredients in each recipe.
Brazilian cuisine is wild and flavor filled.
Brazilian culture is given by outstanding lecturers who make presentations on a variety of subjects.
Most Brazilian decals seem to have yellowed film.
Many Brazilian doctors are staunch advocates of cesareans.
Most Brazilian drivers learn their craft on road courses in their home country.
Brazilian embroidery is fun an easy to do, surprising most people because it looks so involved.
Brazilian ethanol is produced from sugar cane and noted for high carbon sequestration .
Brazilian ethanol is produced from sugar cane and noted for high carbon sequestration.
Brazilian farmers plant on burned over land.
Brazilian fires lead to ozone over the Atlantic and Pacific.
Brazilian food is considered to be very tasty.
Brazilian food is delicious.
Brazilian food tends to be a lot of meat and potatoes, or meat and rice, or meat and yuca.
Brazilian football is in enormous difficulties.
Brazilian girl offers nude sex cam shows with toys, pictures, videos.
Brazilian gophers are an example.
Brazilian guavas have fruit.
Brazilian guinea pigs graze on grass.
Brazilian highways are of modern design.
Brazilian investors are still very conservative, investing heavily in fixed income products.
Brazilian language is Portuguese.
Brazilian law forbids deportation of parents.
Brazilian law goes further, and overrides the provisions of the Warsaw convention.
Brazilian law requires that disabled persons be given an equal opportunity to sit for examination.
Brazilian laws require proof of voting.
Brazilian literature counts for half of Latin American books total output.
Brazilian malt has a reputation of poor quality and unreliable performance.
Brazilian material appears green through the prism faces and deep brownish-red through the c axes.
Brazilian melodies are beautiful, and the bossa nova is a great vehicle for improvisation.
Brazilian music celebrates life and hope.
Brazilian music continues to make an unprecedented surge in popularity.
Brazilian music gains another composer of international expression.
Brazilian music is an entire world unto itself, briefly described below.
Brazilian music is close to African music.
Some Brazilian natives claim that ground tapir hooves cure epilepsy.
Brazilian nuts are one of agouti's favorite treats.
Brazilian officials admit, privately, that their campaign has broader motives.
Brazilian officials say they are making progress.
Some Brazilian officials seem to agree.
Brazilian paleontologists discover theropods.
Most brazilian paleontologists discover theropods.
Brazilian pastors are able to fellowship with the Russian believers.
Brazilian people are really wonderful.
Brazilian people are so expressive in their gratitude and are so appreciative that it is humbling.
Brazilian pepper exhibits only marginal tolerance for flooding.
Brazilian pepper has a relatively high tolerance for shade.
Brazilian pepper is a major problem.
Brazilian pepper is related to poisonwood, poison oak and poison ivy.
Brazilian pepper is relatively new to the world market.
Brazilian pepper produces dense closed canopy forests that shade out almost all other plant life.
Some brazilian pepper has fruit.
Some Brazilian players are happy for that.
Some Brazilian ports have more rigid checks and have avoided the risks presented by such ships.
Brazilian position papers on current international issues.
Brazilian prisons are notoriously violent, crowded and understaffed.
Brazilian producers enjoy the advantage of a domestic market insulated from full market competition.
Brazilian production is directed towards the baler twine market in the United States.
Brazilian rates remain among the highest in the world after inflation.
Brazilian reports indicate low chilling requirement.
Brazilian resident offers a personal look at healthcare.
Brazilian roast is a slightly darker roast than the American roast.
Brazilian rosewood is considered nearly extinct and is extremely expensive if available at all.
Brazilian rosewood is considered superior to all.
Brazilian rosewood is used for the sides and back.
Brazilian rosewood is very rare and very expensive.
Brazilian rosewoods are rosewoods.
Brazilian scientists collect samples.
Brazilian scientists make human skin in their laboratory.
Most brazilian scientists collect samples.
Brazilian society is very corrupt and stratified.
Brazilian society lives with difficulty under the weight of neoliberalism.
Brazilian society struggles with high rates of violence and tension.
Brazilian streets throb with frenzied tempos.
Brazilian students are potential graduate students for their distance learning program, as well.
Brazilian tapirs have brown coats.
Brazilian tapirs have coats.
Most brazilian tapirs have brown coats.
Most brazilian tapirs have coats.
Brazilian teams play with a contagious exuberance.
Brazilian telco takes five percent interest in Brazilian free Internet access provider.
Brazilian variety is also available.
Brazilian women are very aggressive, in both their business and personal lives.
Brazilian women suffer from a lower social, economic and cultural status in relation to men.
Brazilian youth is suffering so much, they see no reason to live.
Breach of confidentiality is a constant problem.
Breach of confidentiality is grounds for disciplinary action.
Breach of confidentiality is grounds for failure.
Breach of confidentiality is grounds for termination from employment.
Breaches of confidentiality are disrespectful of individual privacy and autonomy rights.
Breaches of confidentiality are unacceptable.
Breaches of confidentiality can be serious.
Breaches of confidentiality can easily occur.
Breaches of confidentiality can have extremely serious emotional and financial implications.
Breaches of confidentiality can result in disciplinary action.
Breaches of confidentiality carry serious consequences.
Breaches of confidentiality destroy the trust of an office.
Breaches of confidentiality remain frequent.
Many breaches of confidentiality are unintentional.
A breach of contract is a breach
Breach of contract is equivalent to theft.
Breach of contract is no defense for a criminal act.
A breach of warranty is a breach of contract
Any breach of warranty is actionable under the Deceptive Trade Practices Act.
A breach is failure
Breaches are punishable with severe penalties.
Breaches can and do occur.
Breaches can lead to expulsion from the university or to withdrawal of a degree already granted.
Breaches come from mechanical damage.
Breaches happen based in expediency.
Breachs are breaking.
Breachs are events.
Breachs are failure.
Breachs are openings.
Breaches often seem random.
All breaches are subject to a possible fines plus costs and fees.
Any breach gives developers the unilateral right to kill the deal.
Any breaches are unintentional.
Many breaches come from the inside, on-site as well.
A bread board is a board
Bread board ends accent the top.
Bread boxes keep breads without the hassle of wrapping and re-wrapping breads for storage.
Bread crumbs are a matter of taste.
Bread crumbs are bread.
Bread crumbs are food.
Bread crumbs are located in floors.
Bread crumbs are toast.
Bread crumbs create moist topping.
Bread crumbs save in a bag in the freezer.
Bread flour contains more gluten which helps the bread rise.
Bread flour has a higher gluten content, which gives the bread strength while proofing.
Bread flour is a type of flour that excells in bread baking.
Bread flour is also good to use.
Bread flour is better to use because it gives a better texture to the bread.
Bread flour is made from hard wheat and contains more protein than the other flours.
Bread flour is made from hard wheats that are high in protein and gluten.
Bread flour is made with hard wheat.
Bread flour is recommended.
Bread flour produces a dough which is too elastic.
Bread fruit is done when an inserted knife comes out clean.
A bread knife is a knife
Bread knife has a slightly curved edge to penetrate the last bit of crust.
Bread knifes are knifes.
Bread knives are usually about eight inches long.
Bread knives can slice through fresh bread without destroying the loaf.
Bread machines are almost magical in that they can take a few ingredients and make bread.
Bread machines go into hibernation.
Bread machines have different pan capacities.
Bread machines have just one or two little heating coils and begin baking from a standing start.
Bread machines make great bagel dough.
Bread machines produce delectable loaves effortlessly.
Bread machines vary in specified program baking cycles.
All bread machines are similar in operation and produce quality loaves of bread.
Many bread machines are capable of doing more than just yeast breads.
Most bread machines come with a dough setting in specified program cycles.
Some bread machines requires the water to be at room temperature.
A bread maker is a skilled worker
Bread makers are now quite common.
Bread mold is a rhizopus
Bread mold is caused by a fungus.
Bread mold is funguses.
Bread mold is really one of the simplest forms of fungus.
Bread mold is rhizopuses.
Bread mold looks like tiny fluffs of cotton.
Bread mold reproduces asexually, using mitosis to form spores, and sexually.
Bread molds have different types of hyphae.
Some bread molds are sac fungi and many are found in marine and fresh waters.
Bread pudding goes fluffy with egg whites and tender baking.
Bread pudding is a mainstay for the frugal Irish descendants.
Bread pudding is always a major dessert, especially in the male pantheon.
Bread pudding is an inspired use for leftover bread and pieces of bread.
Bread pudding is dessert.
Bread pudding is food.
Bread pudding is pudding.
Bread riots erupt in Milan, Italy, and are crushed with heavy loss of life.
Bread rolls are common in Europe , mostly in Germany and Austria .
Bread rolls are common in Europe, mostly in Germany and Austria.
A bread sauce is a sauce
Bread sauce is a thick, English concoction made with bread crumbs, milk, onions and cloves.
Bread soup turns out to be just slices of bread awash in a bland broth, with chunks of salt cod.
Bread Sticks are today's snack . .
Bread trucks have printers to produce invoices.
Bread wheat is a allohexaploid.
Bread wheat is a polyploid organism.
Bread wheat is cultivated in every continent except Antarctica.
Bread wheat is the world's most important cereal crop.
Bread wheat is wheat.
Bread yeast comes in dry granulated and fresh cakes.
Bread yeast starts easily and brews reasonably quickly.
Bread absorbs honey.
Bread absorbs the moisture over a day's time.
Bread accompanies almost every course.
Bread actually has no nutritional value whatsoever for birds.
Bread also contains a lot of salt.
Bread also lacks vitamins and minerals that can be made up with other food groups.
Bread appears in every course, from appetizer to dessert, even as a snack.
Bread arrives with a dish of butter whipped with pimento and garlic.
Bread attracts pests.
Bread becomes what it is by stretching.
Bread begins when one kernel or seed of wheat is placed in the ground to grow a whole new plant.
Bread begins with bakers, kitchen chatter, hands kneading dough, smells wafting through the house.
Bread cakes for frying.
Bread can also assume a variety of shapes and styles.
Bread can be one breadstick or one piece of melba toast.
Bread combines protein, carbohydrates, a little fat and many other things.
Bread combines protein, carbohydrates, a little fat, and many other things.
Bread comes from different countries.
Bread comes from plants.
Bread comes from wheat plants.
Bread comes from yeast.
Bread comes in a paper wrapper.
Bread comes out colored and can be eaten with butter and jam.
Bread comes out of bread ovens.
Bread comes out of ovens.
Bread comes with unsalted, three-pepper and garlic butter.
Bread contains carbohydrates.
Bread contains fiber.
Bread contains phosphates.
Bread contains the energies of the sun and the rain, the vitalities of the soil and the seed.
Bread contributes to life.
Bread cooks best in dark, one-pound coffee cans.
Bread develops surface mold after a day.
Bread done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Bread doughs double in size faster at high altitudes than at lower altitudes.
Bread eaten in secret is pleasant.
Bread enters mouths.
Bread fills our bellies.
Bread freezes very well and thaws quickly.
Bread freezes well if it is hermetically packed.
Bread freezes well, thaw in refrigerator.
Bread freezes well.
Bread gets moldy for the simple reason that molds produce millions of spores.
Bread gets moldy.
Bread gets stale.
Bread goes stale faster at refrigerator temperatures than at room temperature.
Bread goes stale when it's starch undergoes a change in structure.
Bread has a comforting texture, something homey and substantial to bite into.
Bread has a long history for a reason.
Bread has a strong symbolic value as it plays a central role in festivals.
Bread has crust.
Bread has made a return in the kitchen, it seems.
Bread has no preservatives and tastes great until the next day.
Bread has to be baked every day.
Bread has to be presented as unleavened.
Bread has yeast.
Bread is a big part of most of our diets.
Bread is a choice of fragrant crusty dinner rolls or slabs of deliriously buttery brioche.
Bread is a comfort.
Bread is a common misconception.
Bread is a convenient and useful platform for all of nature's edible bounty.
Bread is a filler with no nutritional value.
Bread is a food that can be enjoyed by people of all ages.
Bread is a good choice.
Bread is a good example.
Bread is a good insulator, a bad conductor of electricity, and an unusual brooch or pendant.
Bread is a good sourdough loaf sliced up and served with olive oil.
Bread is a great source of energy because it is rich in complex carbohydrates.
Bread is a living presence in the kitchen.
Bread is a major source of dietary salt, along with canned foods and preserves.
Bread is a metaphor for sustenance, the essential ingredient of life.
Bread is a natural for men who like the convenience of a quick sandwich.
Bread is a natural partner.
Bread is a part of every meal here.
Bread is a part of healthy nutrition.
Bread is a powerful sign of nourishment for humankind.
Bread is a significant part of the meal, and it is essential in eating the rest of the meal.
Bread is a source of vitamins, minerals, protein, carbohydrates and very little fat.
Bread is a special challenge for many, and there are pre-baked alternatives available.
Bread is a staple food for daily life.
Bread is a staple food in Rwanda, cakes are especially important in local ceremonies.
Bread is a staple for obvious reasons.
Bread is a staple of the Italian restaurant.
Bread is a starches
Bread is a symbol for all foods, but also a food itself.
Bread is a synonym for money, a religious icon and the basis of many rituals.
Bread is a universal symbol of food and bounty.
Bread is a vehicle for the history, culture and identity of every nation.
Bread is a word.
Bread is actually an excellent foundation for a weight-loss programme.
Bread is alive.
Bread is also an expression of spirit, a feature in forms of worship throughout the world.
Bread is also an important part of the diet in Paraguay.
Bread is also low fat and makes good snacks.
Bread is also readily available because it is a staple of life.
Bread is also the basic building block on the food pyramid.
Bread is always baked fresh in the tannur oven and served hot.
Bread is an ancient food that dates back centuries ago.
Bread is an even worse problem.
Bread is an illusion.
Bread is an important part of life in many countries, because so many people eat it.
Bread is an important staple of the Norwegian diet.
Bread is another area to compare labels in.
Bread is another great barbecue side dish to make ahead of time.
Bread is as relevant today as it was in biblical times.
Bread is associated with all the major diseases of the body.
Bread is available in every village store.
Bread is available sliced or unsliced.
Bread is available.
Bread is bad for ducks because it lacks any nutritional value for the birds.
Bread is baked along the sides of the oven.
Bread is baked daily in the restaurant and was mouth-watering.
Bread is baked each day at the bakery across the street.
Bread is baked fresh daily with full breakfasts for all.
Bread is baked fresh throughout the day.
Bread is baked fresh, daily, to accompany every meal.
Bread is baked fresh.
Bread is baked in a mud oven and provided to schools in the area.
Bread is baked in outdoor domed ovens just as it was for hundreds of years.
Bread is baked in the restaurant and pasta is rolled.
Bread is baked in the shape of skulls and twisted and frosted to look like bones.
Bread is baked on board daily.
Bread is baked on premises and the breakfast subs are very good.
Bread is basic to life and symbolizes the fruit of the earth.
Bread is basic.
Bread is basically a mixture of flours with other ingredients.
Bread is basically liquid, flour, oil, and yeast.
Bread is best when made fresh the day of the liturgy.
Bread is better than simple sugar.
Bread is bread, crumbs are also bread.
Bread is broken and taken after the meal, also.
Bread is broken so that it can be shared.
Bread is broken.
Bread is called a 'staple' part of our diet.
Bread is called the staff of life.
Bread is cereals.
Bread is characterized by height, color, crust and texture.
Bread is cheap and eaten by both rich and poor.
Bread is common, ordinary, daily food.
Bread is considered the main food at a real meal.
Bread is consumed in large quantities.
Bread is created by bakers.
Bread is creative experiment with a tablespoon of salt.
Bread is dark.
Bread is denied but the circuses are relentless.
Bread is dipped into it.
Bread is doled out from a single breadbasket for the entire restaurant.
Bread is done if it sounds hollow when tapped with a knuckle.
Bread is done if it sounds hollow when tapped with the knuckles.
Bread is done if it sounds hollow when tapped.
Bread is done when a dull hard sound is heard when loaf is tapped lightly.
Bread is done when a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean.
Bread is done when a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.
Bread is done when banana is soft and nuts are wrinkled.
Bread is done when Banana is soft.
Bread is done when golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom.
Bread is done when inserting a toothpick and it comes out clean.
Bread is done when knife emerges clean.
Bread is done when the edges pull away from the pan.
Bread is done when the top is firm to the touch and a golden brown color.
Bread is eaten as, well, bread, and is used as a primary ingredient in sauces and soups .
Bread is extremely divisible, and an object of universal desire.
Bread is extremely good, and comes with both good fresh butter and a homemade herbed cream cheese.
Bread is fairly inexpensive, whereas vegetables and meats are very expensive.
Bread is finger food.
Bread is flown in from Saigon.
Bread is food.
Bread is food.
Bread is for eating.
Bread is fresh from our oven several times daily.
Bread is freshly baked.
Bread is full of baker's yeast and beer is full of brewer's yeast.
Bread is generally the first thing eaten and, if only for that reason, it is important.
Bread is good for the body, but flowers are good for the soul.
Bread is good news for the hungry.
Bread is good with wine.
Bread is good.
Bread is grain that has been harvested, crushed, and baked.
Bread is high in complex carbohydrates and is typically high in vitamins and minerals.
Bread is high in complex carbohydrates, protein and B vitamins.
Bread is high in energy-rich carbohydrates and low in fat.
Bread is important.
Bread is inexpensive.
Bread is life.
Bread is like wine.
Bread is located in baskets.
Bread is located in dinner.
Bread is located in jails.
Bread is located in markets.
Bread is located in ovens.
Bread is located in pantries.
Bread is located in plastic bags.
Bread is located in refrigerators.
Bread is located in sandwichs.
Bread is located in stores.
Bread is located in supermarkets.
Bread is located in toasters.
Bread is made by mixing flour and other ingredients with yeast, a type of fungus.
Bread is made fresh every day, and cheese is served as a separate course at every meal.
Bread is made from different types of grains.
Bread is made from flour and other ingredients.
Bread is made from grains, grains are fruit from the ground.
Bread is made in the institution s own bakery and is meticulously controlled.
Bread is made of dough.
Bread is made of wheat.
Bread is made out of corn too.
Bread is magic.
Bread is moon-cereal.
Bread is more important than Internet.
Bread is necessary.
Bread is of interest as it involves a complex network of suppliers.
Bread is one of the easiest and most satisfying foods to grill.
Bread is one of the few foods common among all ethnic groups and cultures.
Bread is one of the most important foods on the island.
Bread is one of the most important parts of the meal.
Bread is one of the traditional staple foods which has fed people for centuries.
Bread is one of the world's favourite food.
Bread is one type of soy-enriched food.
Bread is part of a meal.
Bread is part of sandwichs.
Bread is passed to the right.
Bread is piled high on the counter.
Bread is placed in the appropriate end and is walked through the unit while being toasted.
Bread is probably the one food eaten by people of every race, culture and religion.
Bread is produced by wheat.
Bread is provided by the state, but any supplementary food has to be donated by local people.
Bread is rationed.
Bread is ready to ship.
Bread is ready when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Bread is really where the controversy begins.
Bread is regarded as the most basic foodstuff.
Bread is rich in carbohydrates but poor in proteins.
Bread is safe.
Bread is scarce and prices of food, fuel, and housing are high, while wages are low.
Bread is scarce, and food is rotting in refrigerators.
Bread is seen as life sustaining.
Bread is served with all Italian meals and is part of the pane e coperto charge.
Bread is simple and yet it's one of the most satisfying foods there is, and the most fundamental.
Bread is simple.
Bread is sliced lengthwise, spread thin coat of mustard on both sides.
Bread is so basic.
Bread is sometimes available and can be brought up by arrangement.
Bread is starchs.
Bread is subsidised by the state.
Bread is such a nice way to meet folks.
Bread is taken, blessed, broken, and given.
Bread is that which makes life possible.
Bread is the cheapest of food in Chile, especially home made bread.
Bread is the essential stuff of life.
Bread is the excuse to eat globs of butter.
Bread is the main item in most meals in North Indian cuisine.
Bread is the masses .
Bread is the most basic of human needs.
Bread is the most complete package of the evening.
Bread is the most essential necessity for living.
Bread is the most fundamental of foods.
Bread is the next worst thing.
Bread is the object of the action.
Bread is the one food found in virtually every culture.
Bread is the product of a baking process.
Bread is the same.
Bread is the single largest source of dietary salt.
Bread is the single most important food of Western Civilization.
Bread is the staff of life, the basic form of nourishment around the world.
Bread is the staff of life.
Bread is the starting point .
Bread is the supreme comfort food.
Bread is the symbol of all good things that come to the lives of men.
Bread is the symbol of all good things.
Bread is the the body of grain.
Bread is the very staple of life.
Bread is there.
Bread is transported from interstate bakeries.
Bread is under construction at the front of the site.
Bread is unlimited and very nice.
Bread is used for butterings.
Bread is used for consumption.
Bread is used for eating.
Bread is used for nutrition.
Bread is used for pudding.
Bread is used for sandwichs.
Bread is used for tearings.
Bread is used for toastings.
Bread is usually OK, too.
Bread is very important and is eaten with most meals.
Bread is very important to the masses in South Africa.
Bread is very moist and dense.
Bread is white.
Bread is wisdom.
Bread is wood-oven baked at the ranch.
Bread is, and remains, physically bread, and wine is, and remains, physically wine.
Bread isa food.
Bread isa matter.
Bread isa nutrient.
Bread just tastes better when mixed in a Kentucky poplar dough bowl.
Bread Look for whole-wheat bread.
Bread makes from brown flour.
Bread makes from brown rice flour.
Bread makes from flour.
Bread makes from rice flour.
Bread makes from wheat.
Bread makes from whole wheat.
Bread Making Making bread from scratch is probably the most time consuming task of all baking.
Bread means life and livdlihood, and there can be no life without bread.
Bread mould reproduces by sporulation.
Bread only comes alive with leaven, never with yeast or other procedures.
Bread Provides index of bread recipes.
Bread recipes from all over America, including some native American breads.
Bread remains bread.
Bread rises because of alcoholic fermentation.
Bread rises for a quantity either sent walking for weight loss.
Bread rises in a room over the still-warm oven.
Bread rolls hard on outside while soft on inside.
Bread routinely is baked in an horno, a free-standing adobe structure that is heated with wood.
Bread satisfies our hunger for a little.
Bread shrimp with cornmeal and flour mixture.
Bread sit many fitness walking toward thunder.
Bread sliced before freezing can go directly from the freezer to the toaster.
Bread Slices Realistic white bread slices including one very large slice.
Bread slide into one mouth instead guide orvis canvas sneaker.
Bread smells a bit funny before mould appears on the outside.
Bread stays fresh longer if stored in a cool, dry place.
Bread stays fresh longer, because terracotta keeps out moisture and molds.
Bread still is the fundamental element of life.
Bread sucks from the principle of situation.
Bread symbolizes economic justice and roses represent quality of life.
Bread Takes advantage of the carbon dioxide released during fermentation.
Bread tastes bitter, sour or too dry.
Bread tends to be hard or stale.
Bread therefore represents the physical means of subsistence, and wine the spiritual.
Bread trays on the table make a boat.
Bread truly is one of the best known comfort foods.
Bread turn off any family or bet children's clothing.
Bread wear without lots work after leave italian cooking.
Bread Welcome to our cook book.
Bread works best, but carrots and potatoes are good too.
Breads also contain vitamins, iron and calcium.
Breads are an important part of a healthy diet.
Breads are another feature of the region, and with breads come ovens, and with ovens, roasting.
Breads are even more numerous in Indian cooking.
Breads are fresh baked on campus and our lean meats are sliced deli-thin to bring out the flavor.
Breads are often too sweet for Western taste.
Breads are sun-shaped and corn is used to honor what the sun has given to the Earth.
Breads are whole wheat.
Breads Be careful when trying to buy whole grain breads at the supermarket.
Breads can also be high in salt.
Breads contain no eggs, oils or fats and are kosher approved.
Breads don t have to have added fat, and contain lots of energy-rich complex carbohydrates.
Breads range from sweet, honey-drizzled nan to fresh garlic kulcha.
Breads show a rich versatility.
Breads Use full-flavored cheeses as seasonings in combination with milder varieties for pizza.
Breads Use rice flours, white or brown, arrowroot, potato tapioca.
Bread always accompanies a meal, and French bread is famous for good reason.
Bread always falls jelly side down.
Breads often come from small locally owned bakeries.
Bread usually means work.
All bread expands in the oven causing some cracking.
All bread is baked fresh daily.
All bread is kosher and pas Yisrael.
All bread is pas Yisrael.
All breads are okay except for Parmesan oregano bread.
All breads are sourdough.
All breads contain fibre, but brown soda bread and wholemeal bread contain the most.
All breads contain the same basic ingredients, with variations in additives.
All breads get enthusiastic, rave compliments from family and neighbors.
All breads have a carefuly molded sealed edge which prevents crumbs.
All breads provide carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals and little fat.
Most bread attracts pests.
Most bread comes from plants.
Most bread comes from wheat plants.
Most bread comes from yeast.
Most bread comes out of bread ovens.
Most bread comes out of ovens.
Most bread contains carbohydrates.
Most bread contains fiber.
Most bread enters mouths.
Most bread has yeast.
Most bread is produced by wheat.
Most bread makes from brown flour.
Most bread makes from brown rice flour.
Most bread makes from flour.
Most bread makes from rice flour.
Most bread makes from wheat.
Most bread makes from whole wheat.
Some bread attracts starlings.
Some bread causes deficiencies.
Some bread contains phosphorus.
Some bread cuts into triangles.
Some bread gets chewy texture.
Some bread gets texture.
Some bread has brown spots.
Some bread has chocolate.
Some bread has indexes.
Some bread has lower values.
Some bread has spots.
Some bread has values.
Some bread is made with a homemade starter.
Some bread is part of breakfasts.
Some bread is part of brunch.
Some bread is part of dinner.
Some bread is part of hamburgers.
Some bread is part of lunch.
Some bread is part of meals.
Some bread is part of picnics.
Some bread is part of sandwiches.
Some bread is part of snacks.
Some bread is part of suppers.
Some bread lasts for months.
Some bread makes from barley.
Some bread makes from corn.
Some bread makes from grain.
Some bread makes from whole grain.
Some bread serves with curries.
Some bread serves with potato curries.
Some breads are actually just white bread with caramel coloring.
Some breads are dark in color from added caramel coloring or honey.
Some breads are dry and some are moist.
Some breads are even acidic, such as sourdough.
Some breads are fried.
Some breads are more difficult than others.
Some breads are now ready to shape.
Some breads are specially fortified, so check the supermarket shelves and look at the labels.
Some breads resemble banana bread, other breads are more like corn bread.
Some breads work better if toasted lightly in the toaster oven before grilling.
A breadcrumb is a crumb
Breadcrumb isa indefinite quantity.
Breadcrumbs are crumbs.
Breadcrumbs are easy to make in a food processor.
Breadcrumbs are hard to control.
Breadcrumbs provide a visual indicator that a particular page has been visited.
Any breadcrumbs are fine.
A breadline is a line
Breadlines are long, and there have been several reports of foodstuff shortages.
A breadstick is bread
Breadsticks add some crunch.
Breadsticks are fun.
Breadth is a dimension
Breadth isa intelligence.
Some breadth comes in courses from the student's major department.
Some breadth influences importance.
Some breadth shows variation.
Break alarm warns when wire has been broken.
Break form ties off on the inside of the foundation too.
Break lettuce leaves into bite-sized pieces.
Break points are different depending on zone of residence.
Break refreshments are beverage-only.
Break time is over.
Break time is paid time.
Break time is up.
Break web assignments down into small manageable components .
A break is an occurrence
Break isa alteration.
Breaks act wierd.
Breaks are accidents.
Breaks are also good times to conduct maintenance and improvement projects.
Breaks are always an important part of any project.
Breaks are an essential part of the day.
Breaks are available.
Breaks are dashs.
Breaks are delays.
Breaks are effective.
Breaks are escapes.
Breaks are expressive, melodic and unblustery.
Breaks are few and the team is learning about break discipline.
Breaks are for a brief period.
Breaks are for rest from the highly repetitive scanning operation.
Breaks are fun, too.
Breaks are generally good and there are no submerged reefs to worry about.
Breaks are generally mid week, although a few are at weekends.
Breaks are good for that.
Breaks are important.
Breaks are in fuchsia .
Breaks are just long enough for the wrestlers to contemplate the fire burning in their chests.
Breaks are more common in older, cast-iron pipes.
Breaks are more common in the older, cast-iron pipes.
Breaks are natural to children.
Breaks are often a time-consumer rather than the energizing refresher they are intended to be.
Breaks are often difficult to find.
Breaks are part of pools.
Breaks are rare.
Breaks are scores.
Breaks are separation.
Breaks are strokes.
Breaks are subject to availability.
Breaks are the separate cardboard sections that separate the multiple stages of a shell.
Breaks are unheard of to untrained nine-wicket players.
Breaks are very important in heavy, physical work.
Breaks are very responsive as well as the shocks.
Breaks branches off trees, pushes over shallow-rooted trees, damages sign boards.
Breaks branches off trees.
Breaks can refresh, change the pace, reduce the stress and give participants some freedom.
Breaks cause breaks.
Breaks come in several flavors.
Breaks get longer and longer.
Breaks go one way or another in a football game.
Breaks help relieve or prevent eye complaints.
Breaks increase when the animal is given drugs and exposed to radiation.
Breaks normally occur after one hour of instruction.
Breaks normally occur in older cast-iron watermains.
Breaks occur along the chromosomes, and they rejoin, trading some of their genes.
Breaks occur at holidays, spring and during the summer months.
Breaks occur in the hand most often when there is a fall or when the hand is misused.
Breaks occur when cold water flows through buried warm pipes.
Breaks occur when there's too little fiber in that spot between yourfingers.
Breaks offer a chance to network with fellow visitors and members.
Breaks provide opportunity.
Breaks require surgery.
Breaks result from stress such as sickness, lambing difficulties, or severe storms.
Breaks twigs off trees.
Breaks when takes too much damage.
Breaks work with discrete energy to limit the availability of energy resources.
Breaks usually occur along the coil lines, noticed by the parallel breaks.
Breaks usually occur in the curved portion of the outer part of the rib cage.
All breaks are subject to availability.
All breaks are to be scheduled by the supervisor responsible for other work scheduling.
All breaks have a string at the one end that can be adjusted to change the speeds.
All breaks have special characteristics.
All breaks show.
Many breaks have a reef and rock bottom.
Most breaks are due to the failure of the rivets that hold the strap together.
Most breaks come from taking a chance on an opportunity.
Most breaks have a dark or silver appearance when the damage first occurs.
Most breaks have a preferable tide.
Most breaks have a string at the narrow end to change the speeds.
Most breaks provide opportunity.
Most breaks require surgery.
Most breaks seem to heal without bandages or any other supports.
Some breaks affect quality.
Some breaks are necessary.
Some breaks cause fatigue.
Some breaks cause physical fatigue.
Some breaks involve performance.
Some breaks occur in early springs.
Some breaks occur in springs.
Some breaks release energy.
Some breaks stimulate growth.
Some breaks take places.
All breakable merchandise is shipped insured.
Breakage also cause rarity.
Breakage can also cause leakage in the high-pressure lines of a fuel system.
Breakage can also occur through forgetting.
Breakage can be a strong competitive advantage if it is used correctly and for the right reasons.
Breakage can be a win-win deal for both company and distributor.
Breakage can easily happen by misjudging the perception depth.
Breakage happens when styling tools are used without proper conditioning and protection.
Breakage is a crack or cracks that span at least halfway across a potato.
Breakage is a strong indication of improper handling.
Breakage is always an issue with clay work.
Breakage is an amount
Breakage is modelled by introducing a threshold value to the springs that hold the teapot together.
Breakage is most efficient when the entire contents of the tube are lifted by the swirling action.
Breakage is most likely to occur during drought stress or high winds.
Breakage is most likely to occur during high winds.
Breakage is no longer a concern with tiles that can be modified on site with an utility knife.
Breakage is only available when there is a gap between poor performance and desired performance.
Breakage is rare but can occur when the package has been subjected to extremely rough handling.
Breakage is reimbursement.
Breakage is the amount of money left over when track officials round off winnings to the dollar.
Breakage is the same as for live and simulcast racing.
Breakage is the same as for live racing.
Breakage is usually due to excessive torque or torque spikes on axles or steering components.
Breakage is very common.
Breakage is, of course, an occasion for replacing lenses.
Breakage isa indefinite quantity.
Breakage means usage.
Breakage occurs where a glass is most stressed.
Breakages can introduce disease-causing pathogens which can then move throughout the plant.
Breakage often results.
Most breakage occurs due to incorrect use.
Most breakage occurs during transportation and storage.
Breakaway rim activates breaking glass sound.
Breakaway speed is a huge factor here.
A breakaway is a withdrawal
Breakaway has an all-new title.
Breakaway is a large land mass surrounded by water.
Breakaway is a true ensemble group where every player contributes to the sound of the music.
Breakaway is also highly creative.
Breakaway is by reservation only, and on a first come first serve basis.
Breakaway is gradual and predictable.
Breakaway is in the west end.
Breakaway is one of the few companies that makes safety training a part of their job requirements.
Breakaways are rare.
Breakaways are remains of ironstone laterite.
Breakaways are secession.
Breakaways goes behind the scenes of some of Asia's key gateways to find the layers beneath.
Most breakdancing videos are rare and hard to find.
Breakdown products form when a chemical degrades and breaks down.
Some breakdown products bind tightly to the soil.
A breakdown is perturbation
Breakdown isa movement.
Breakdowns are a big hassle.
Breakdowns are analysises.
Breakdowns are at their normal rate.
Breakdowns are by Guilders per foreign currency units and foreign currency units per euro.
Breakdowns are collapses.
Breakdowns are common.
Breakdowns are failure.
Breakdowns are infrequent, but trains sometimes linger at stations for no apparent reason.
Breakdowns are mental mistakes.
Breakdowns are video games.
Breakdowns become much more common than breakthroughs.
Breakdowns bring the opponent to the mat.
Breakdowns can be dangerous and costly.
Breakdowns can occur.
Breakdowns caused by driver negligence are fully chargeable to the renting department.
Breakdowns follow when what people say is discounted because of how they said it.
Breakdowns lead to missed routes, lost revenue and, ultimately, unhappy customers.
Breakdowns always seem to occur at the worst possible times.
Any breakdown can be a major ordeal, involving unnecessary cost and inconvenience.
Any breakdown can easily happen in that situation.
Most breakdowns are for genuine, emergency reasons.
Some breakdowns affect appearances.
Some breakdowns lead to events.
Some breakdowns occur during glycolysis.
Some breakdowns occur in mouths.
A breaker is a wave
Breaker is a wonderful steady height dog that never gives up.
Breaker misses a dropkick.
Breakers are a parasitic life form that operate on the periphery of the legitimate book trade.
Breakers are accessible.
Breakers are also in box.
Breakers are at six feet and rising.
Breakers are like kites in a gale.
Breakers can damage piers and loosen boats from their moorings.
Breakers carry sand away from the beach.
Breakers crash against the shore.
Breakers give the makers nutrients.
Breakers minimize the number of customers affected by a problem.
Breakers smash against the already dented and broken coastline.
Breakeven analysis is important in setting price.
Breakeven analysis looks only at profitability, leaving out other influences.
Breakeven condition is of course less stringent and has, in magnetically confined plasma, an n .
Breakfast bar divides kitchen and dining area.
Breakfast bar includes coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator.
Breakfast bar opens to big family room with fireplace and built-in shelving.
Breakfast bar separates living room and kitchenette.
Breakfast bars are the home meal replacement option for breakfast.
Breakfast burritos are also a perfect choice for eating on the go.
Breakfast burritos are their speciality, but also,try thier breakfast skillets.
Breakfast cereals advertise that they're packed with vitamins and minerals.
Breakfast cereals are among the worst culprits in the battle of the sugar bulge.
Breakfast cereals are located in grocery stores.
Breakfast cereals contain fibre.
Breakfast cereals cost too much.
All breakfast cereals contain approximately the same amount of fiber per serving.
Many breakfast cereals add nutrients such as iron, calcium, magnesium, among others.
Many breakfast cereals are also fortified with folate.
Many breakfast cereals are fortified with vitamins and calcium is added to some orange juices.
Many breakfast cereals contain folic acid, too.
Most breakfast cereal contains corn that's been tweaked.
Most breakfast cereals are pure junk from a simple carb standpoint.
Most breakfast cereals are targeted to be sold to kids, but there are many for adults as well.
Most breakfast cereals contain fibre.
Some breakfast cereals contain gum.
Breakfast food cookers cook sausage.
Breakfast food includes oatmeals.
Breakfast food is alot better, but still nothing special.
Breakfast food is average with moderate size portions.
Breakfast food is food.
Breakfast food is solid food
Breakfast food is the specialty.
Breakfast foods are full of essentials such as fiber, calcium, vitamin D and iron.
Most breakfast food includes oatmeals.
Most breakfast foods seem to be brown or yellow or white or orange.
Breakfast menus include sandwiches.
Breakfast of champions raises funds for athletes The final results have been tallied.
Breakfast programs feature dynamic speakers, who are business and community leaders.
Breakfast tacos are first-rate and heavily stuffed.
Breakfast time is a hoot. . . .
Breakfast time is always busy, too.
Breakfast time is arranged the night before.
Breakfast time is mealtime
Breakfast time is mealtime.
Breakfast times are flexible.
A breakfast is a meal
Breakfast accounts for about half the cafe's customers, and the menu obviously is the drawing card.
Breakfast afterwards is our treat.
Breakfast alcove off kitchen.
Breakfast also provides time for parents to serve as good role models for healthy eating habits.
Breakfast also reduces snacking thus helping to control weight.
Breakfast appears to be an untapped daypart.
Breakfast are also justly famous.
Breakfast are great most of the time with a few misses.
Breakfast bars Large open floor plan.
Breakfast becomes a relaxing reward on a day when time is no problem.
Breakfast begins a busy day.
Breakfast break at the site.
Breakfast buffet each morning.
Breakfast burst like the mac hardware.
Breakfast can also be an important source of fiber.
Breakfast can be as easy and nutritious as cereal and milk with fruit.
Breakfast can be creative.
Breakfast can be fun and healthy.
Breakfast can be many foods.
Breakfast can be simple, hot or cold.
Breakfast can be the best meal of the day.
Breakfast can be wholesome without being fancy.
Breakfast can become a habit easily .
Breakfast can easily be the most nutritious meal of the day.
Breakfast can fall by the wayside.
Breakfast can vary.
Breakfast can wait.
Breakfast changes daily and is served in the formal dining room, or in the sunny courtyard.
Breakfast combines the unexpected, with good health, for delicious results.
Breakfast comes a little before six a.m.
Breakfast comes complete with sausage links.
Breakfast comes out of a hot-pot packed the night before.
Breakfast comes with a choice of juice or fruit and a choice of milk.
Breakfast completes the tranquil interlude.
Breakfast consist of a grain product, fruit or juice, and a choice of milk.
Breakfast consisting of coffee or tea, seasonal fruits, and fresh locally baked bread is included.
Breakfast consists daily of bread, butter, jam and tea.
Breakfast consists of a boterham, or sandwich.
Breakfast consists of a burnt bagel and a glass of juice.
Breakfast consists of a large buffet of pastries, fruits and cereals.
Breakfast consists of cereal, ham, cheese, toast, orange juice, etc.
Breakfast consists of cereal, tinned fruit, bacon, eggs, sausages etc.
Breakfast consists of cereal, yogurt and fruit, bacon eggs and sausage.
Breakfast consists of cereals and fruit, with toasted bread, jams and honey being available.
Breakfast consists of coffee and muffins.
Breakfast consists of coffee, juice, bread or muffin.
Breakfast consists of everything from hot and cold cereals, meat and potatoes to breads and fruits.
Breakfast consists of four food components and lunch consists of five food components.
Breakfast consists of fresh fruit, bolillos, yogurt, cereal and a main dish of creative crepes.
Breakfast consists of freshly baked bread, cereal, fruit, and peanut butter.
Breakfast consists of freshly baked muffins, breads or scones, fruit, cereal, juice, tea and coffee.
Breakfast consists of fruit juice, a choice of cereals followed by a full cooked breakfast.
Breakfast consists of fruit juice, fresh fruit salad, home-made biscuits, meat and a main entr e.
Breakfast consists of fruit, bagels, muffins, coffee, tea.
Breakfast consists of homemade delicious breads, fresh California fruits, juice, coffee or tea.
Breakfast consists of homemade granola, fresh baked muffins and seasonal specialties.
Breakfast consists of milk, juice, toast and dry cereal.
Breakfast consists of pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, orange juice and coffee.
Breakfast consists of plain white rice or sometimes noodles and hot broth or hot tea.
Breakfast consists of saffron buns, pepparkakor and coffee.
Breakfast consists of tea and rusks.
Breakfast consists of toast, fruit and cafe con leche, one of the best things about Spain.
Breakfast consists of very high quality locally produced Scottish foods.
Breakfast consists usually of cereal, cheese, or eggs.
Breakfast costs a buck.
Breakfast daily is included .
Breakfast daily is included.
Breakfast declare for one second that limit personal sauna.
Breakfast declare for one second that limit roll out deck.
Breakfast drive up to the summit of Mt. Of Olives for a panoramic view of Jerusalem.
Breakfast ends and lunch begins.
Breakfast features a buffet.
Breakfast features a Finnish oven-baked pancake.
Breakfast features a variety of hot options, including the Belgian waffle bar.
Breakfast features a wide variety of dishes such as waffles, pancakes and omelettes.
Breakfast features baked products from our own wheat, milled in the farm kitchen.
Breakfast features baked products from their own wheat, milled in the farm kitchen.
Breakfast features big biscuit sandwiches, donuts and bagels fresh from our own ovens.
Breakfast features fresh fruits and gourmet selections.
Breakfast features fresh tropical fruits and juices with homemade breads and tortillas.
Breakfast features freshly baked breads, muffins and popovers.
Breakfast features hearty skillets and eggs benedict, along with traditional breakfasts.
Breakfast features home-baked breads and an assortment of fruit and juices from our orchards.
Breakfast features home-baked muffins.
Breakfast features homemade bread, choice of cereal, fresh fruit, tea, coffee, milk and juice.
Breakfast features made to order omelets, waffles or pancakes.
Breakfast features pancakes, waffles, omelets, eggs, French toast, sausage and bacon.
Breakfast features pastries, bagels, freshly brewed coffee or tea, and juices.
Breakfast features some of the best selection.
Breakfast feeds the brain as well as the body.
Breakfast focuses on fresh produce from the region like melon, cape gooseberry jam or plums.
Breakfast followed by school is next on the agenda.
Breakfast follows in silence.
Breakfast gives the body brain energy to start the day and to do well in classes.
Breakfast has an important impact on children's ability to learn at school.
Breakfast has eight small links.
Breakfast has something for all including locally smoked kippers.
Breakfast has surprisingly good breakfast sandwiches.
Breakfast has window seat.
Breakfast helps adults have more energy and feel less tired throughout the day.
Breakfast helps children to be more alert and able to do better in school.
Breakfast helps fuel the brain and body with the energy it needs.
Breakfast helps to replenish blood glucose levels.
Breakfast here is a local tradition.
Breakfast here is a pure delight.
Breakfast here is a treat.
Breakfast here is quite an affair.
Breakfast here is really a meal to savor.
Breakfast here is terrific.
Breakfast here means noodles with prawns and steamed rice dumplings.
Breakfast however consists of a banana and a jaffle with sugar.
Breakfast improves strength and endurance in the late mornings.
Breakfast includes a bagel, omelet, salad and hot and cold drink.
Breakfast includes a choice of anything from eggs to pancakes and a variety of beverages.
Breakfast includes a choice of hot items, juice, toast and a variety of cold cereals.
Breakfast includes a great variety of tropical fruits.
Breakfast includes a hot buffet as well as cold cereal options.
Breakfast includes a hot main dish, juices, fruits, cereals, breads, teas and coffee.
Breakfast includes a wide variety of choices.
Breakfast includes a wide variety of homemade hot and cold dishes.
Breakfast includes a wide variety of hot and cold entrees, pastries, side dishes and beverages.
Breakfast includes an array of choices each day, served on antique silver, china, and crystal.
Breakfast includes an espressso bar, pastries, entrees, and fresh fruit.
Breakfast includes apple crumble and ice cream.
Breakfast includes bacon, scrambled eggs, ranch fried potatoes, pancakes, and beverage.
Breakfast includes baked goods, cereals and fresh fruit, as well as coffee, tea and juices.
Breakfast includes cereal, fresh fruit, home baked breads and muffins and other goodies.
Breakfast includes cereal, muffin, juice, and milk.
Breakfast includes cereals, juice, rolls and a hot entree.
Breakfast includes choice of entree, milk, and fruit or juice.
Breakfast includes coffee cakes, fresh biscuits, jam, fresh fruit and homemade granola.
Breakfast includes coffee or tea, choice of fresh fruits or juice and choice of entree.
Breakfast includes coffee, tea, croissants, and fresh fruit.
Breakfast includes eggs benedict and eggs florentine.
Breakfast includes eggs, muffins, pancakes, crepes, bagels, oatmeal.
Breakfast includes famous farmers sausage and hash browns, along with the pancakes.
Breakfast includes fresh fruit, coffeecake or muffins.
Breakfast includes fresh juice and fruit with the main entr e of the day.
Breakfast includes fresh omelettes, pancakes, waffles and crepes.
Breakfast includes fresh squeezed juices served among hummingbirds and flower boxes.
Breakfast includes freshly-baked pastries, cereals and fresh fruit.
Breakfast includes fruit or juice and milk.
Breakfast includes fruit or juice, milk and a choice of a hot entree or cold cereal.
Breakfast includes fruit, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, homemade muffins, coffee, and juice.
Breakfast includes fruit, cereals and fresh-baked breads, and no one leaves here hungry.
Breakfast includes fruit, coffee or tea, juice, and delightful main dish.
Breakfast includes fruit, muffins, egg casserole and beverages.
Breakfast includes home baked breads, muffins and sweet rolls and farm fresh eggs.
Breakfast includes home made jams and bread.
Breakfast includes home preserved fruits, jams and marmalade, juice, toast, cereals and yoghurt.
Breakfast includes homemade breads, granola, fruit and juice as well as a hot entree of the day.
Breakfast includes homemade jam and free range eggs.
Breakfast includes homemade muffins, fresh fruit plate, and delicious main courses.
Breakfast includes honey-glazed pecan french toast or southwestern egg casserole.
Breakfast includes hot breads, fruit, eggs benedict and more.
Breakfast includes juice and milk with cereal and toast or the entree listed below on each day.
Breakfast includes juice, cereals, fruit, and cooked breakfast on request.
Breakfast includes juice, tea, hot chocolate, French toast, sausage, pancakes, coffee and more.
Breakfast includes Mexican baked eggs, ricotta cheese pancakes and Texas pecan biscuits.
Breakfast includes milk and juice.
Breakfast includes news, weather, music, local events and rural news.
Breakfast includes orange juice, danish, muffin or bagel and coffee.
Breakfast includes oven fresh pastries, fruit bowl, cereals, juices, coffees and morning paper.
Breakfast includes pancakes, eggs, sasuage, orange juice, milk, coffee.
Breakfast includes pancakes, french toast, eggs, bacon,sausage, toast home fries and omelettes.
Breakfast includes pancakes, sausage, bacon, juice and coffee.
Breakfast includes pastries, fruit, oatmeal, fresh juices and specialty coffees.
Breakfast includes Portuguese sausage, scrambled eggs and rice.
Breakfast includes seasonal fruit, homemade baked goods with hearty entrees.
Breakfast includes such favorites as fresh lobster quiche.
Breakfast includes Swedish pancakes and giant popovers.
Breakfast includes the down-home tastes of grillades and grits.
Breakfast is . . .
Breakfast is a bargain here.
Breakfast is a basic learning tool just like books.
Breakfast is a big part of our personality here at Elk River.
Breakfast is a biggie.
Breakfast is a bit of a con, so practically no one goes.
Breakfast is a bountiful feast, and usually included eggs, pancakes, trout and cereal.
Breakfast is a buffet, and lunch is both buffet and a la carte.
Breakfast is a buffet, guests gather all they want from the fruit trees in the orchard.
Breakfast is a candlelight affair complete with china, crystal, silver and music.
Breakfast is a cold, self-serve meal.
Breakfast is a combination of break and fast.
Breakfast is a culinary celebration and a solid beginning to an adventure-filled day.
Breakfast is a deal.
Breakfast is a delicious one trip buffet.
Breakfast is a delight as much for the eyes as for the palate.
Breakfast is a delight with choices to please everyone.
Breakfast is a delight.
Breakfast is a delightful combination of local fruit, fresh baked goods and homemade preserves.
Breakfast is a feast and served in the sunroom.
Breakfast is a feast and servied in the sunroom.
Breakfast is a feast of food and conversation.
Breakfast is a feast, and romantic candlelight dinners are a specialty.
Breakfast is a feast.
Breakfast is a feature here - the hosts really spoil their guests.
Breakfast is a feeding frenzy, and the atrium lobby has the atmosphere of a train station.
Breakfast is a full gourmet meal served in either the dining room or on the columned piazza.
Breakfast is a full meal which also includes a wide variety of fresh fruit.
Breakfast is a full service treat.
Breakfast is a generous buffet, lunch and dinner served a la carte.
Breakfast is a generous continental.
Breakfast is a good start for the day cause it gives the body enough energy for the day.
Breakfast is a gourmet delight with all items homemade.
Breakfast is a gourmet event and picnic lunches are available by prior arrangement.
Breakfast is a great occasion to chat, discuss the day, and to check the food groups.
Breakfast is a great start to the day here.
Breakfast is a great time to visit.
Breakfast is a great way to fuel up for the day.
Breakfast is a great way to start the day.
Breakfast is a hearty feast of homemade delights.
Breakfast is a hearty gourmet treat.
Breakfast is a house speciality with a wide choice of cooked and continental fare.
Breakfast is a house specialty.
Breakfast is a leisurely pace, served in a country setting dining room.
Breakfast is a light meal.
Breakfast is a luxury continental self-service affair.
Breakfast is a main event.
Breakfast is a meal that many people take all too lightly.
Breakfast is a mixture of Dutch and Indonesian morning fare.
Breakfast is a much neglected meal.
Breakfast is a popular option with sponsors.
Breakfast is a prime time here for discussing potential deals.
Breakfast is a production, real country-style cooking.
Breakfast is a quick and easy meal that can be made fun with little preparation.
Breakfast is a real banquet.
Breakfast is a real treat, including orange juice, fresh baking, and a hot dish.
Breakfast is a real treat.
Breakfast is a relaxed and delicious affair served in the bright and spacious day room.
Breakfast Is a rich buffet.
Breakfast is a robust continental with homemade jams and muffins.
Breakfast is a sight to behold.
Breakfast is a silent meal in all the dining rooms.
Breakfast is a silent meal, with everyone eating quickly.
Breakfast is a sound nutritional benefit.
Breakfast is a South Bay's specialty.
Breakfast is a special event. . . .
Breakfast is a special event.
Breakfast is a special meal at the beach.
Breakfast is a special occasion accompanied by spirited conversation.
Breakfast is a special occasion served on fine china in a most gracious dining room.
Breakfast is a special time of the day.
Breakfast is a special time with candlelight and classical music.
Breakfast is a special time.
Breakfast is a special treat here.
Breakfast is a speciality with a choice breakfast menu to suit all tastes.
Breakfast is a specialty with an extravagant buffet of home-cooked delicacies.
Breakfast is a standout.
Breakfast is a sumptuous affair with new dishes being created all the time.
Breakfast is a superb culinary treat.
Breakfast is a thermos of ginger tea, with a tiny pot of honey.
Breakfast is a three star affair and includes juice, cereals, cheese, brioches, and yogurth.
Breakfast is a time when students can affirm the staff's consistent character.
Breakfast is a tool a lot of people forget to use in the morning.
Breakfast is a tradition for locals and a treat for travelers.
Breakfast is a treat as well, an example from the menu is eggs in ramekins with camembert cheese.
Breakfast is a treat at the Landmark.
Breakfast is a treat in itself.
Breakfast is a treat with a choice of an authentic English breakfast or regional Southern cooking.
Breakfast is a true treat.
Breakfast is a unique alternative to resort accommodations.
Breakfast is a variety of homemade breads, gourmet grits, and quiches.
Breakfast is a very family affair with homemade marmalade and jams.
Breakfast is a vital element of a productive and successful educational day.
Breakfast is a wonderful reason to get out of bed.
Breakfast is a wonderful time to enjoy the health benefits of whole grain cereals.
Breakfast is all homemade including the granola, bread, pastries, and jam.
Breakfast is all the regular favorites.
Breakfast is almost ready.
Breakfast is also a time for families to spend quality time together.
Breakfast is also an opportunity to eat nutritious foods.
Breakfast is also astonishingly cheap.
Breakfast is also available at some elementaries.
Breakfast is also available for students in morning kindergarten .
Breakfast is also available in all elementary schools.
Breakfast is also available on request.
Breakfast is also available there.
Breakfast is also available throughout the year.
Breakfast is also available to parents and staff members.
Breakfast is also available.
Breakfast is also on the menu.
Breakfast is also ready at the dock for the other.
Breakfast is also special.
Breakfast is also the most significant meal for the body.
Breakfast is always a memorable event.
Breakfast is always a special occasion, served in a large dining room.
Breakfast is always a treat.
Breakfast is always better with brownie batter.
Breakfast is always different and better than all other mornings of the year.
Breakfast is always hearty gourmet fare served in the main dining room with views of the woods.
Breakfast is always homemade, with a wide selection of foods to choose from, dinners upon request.
Breakfast is always hot and dinner includes a choice of at least four dishes.
Breakfast is always oatmeal, toast, a slice of Swiss cheese and tea.
Breakfast is always on the menu, including brains and eggs.
Breakfast is always on the roof in the morning sun when serenity rules the lake.
Breakfast is always special and is enjoyed by all.
Breakfast is always special.
Breakfast is American-style buffet.
Breakfast is ample and pleases everyones' tastes.
Breakfast is an affair to remember with five to eight course masterpieces.
Breakfast is an ample and varied fare.
Breakfast is an event which combines good health with great flavor for delicious results.
Breakfast is an event with several courses served in a sun filled room.
Breakfast is an event. . . .
Breakfast is an excellent buffet spread with free newspapers.
Breakfast is an extremely important meal.
Breakfast is an important meal for farm operators.
Breakfast is an important meal.
Breakfast is an occasion for wonderful food, quiet conversation, and breathtaking scenery.
Breakfast is an operation finely geared to the timetable of the industrial system.
Breakfast is an optional extra.
Breakfast is an overstatement.
Breakfast is announced.
Breakfast is another affair altogether.
Breakfast is as polished a performance as the night before.
Breakfast is at six sharp, proper military procedure.
Breakfast is at the same time as at home.
Breakfast is available all day, but there's a lunch and dinner menu, too.
Breakfast is available also on outside lanai with bird watching.
Breakfast is available and offered to all students and faculty.
Breakfast is available and well-behaved pets are welcome.
Breakfast is available anytime, also snacks and drinks.
Breakfast is available at all schools in the district.
Breakfast is available at any time.
Breakfast is available at every meeting.
Breakfast is available at our hotel restaurant at a very reasonable rate.
Breakfast is available at some Halls.
Breakfast is available before school.
Breakfast is available daily during the season.
Breakfast is available daily.
Breakfast is available everyday.
Breakfast is available fireside.
Breakfast is available for a nominal fee.
Breakfast is available for cabin guests at an additional cost.
Breakfast is available for children attending in the morning.
Breakfast is available for early birds.
Breakfast is available for lodgers.
Breakfast is available for people using the cottage.
Breakfast is available free of charge to any student.
Breakfast is available from the school's lunch program.
Breakfast is available in all schools.
Breakfast is available in cafeterias on campus.
Breakfast is available in the Cafeteria.
Breakfast is available in the college dining room and is included in the cost of the room.
Breakfast is available in the dining room.
Breakfast is available in the restaurant and a bar is also on the premises.
Breakfast is available in the sunroom, kitchen, gallery or on the front porch.
Breakfast is available nearly all day, and takeout is popular.
Breakfast is available on conference days.
Breakfast is available on prior request at an additional cost.
Breakfast is available on request - served on the terrace or outdoor courtyard.
Breakfast is available on request.
Breakfast is available on the weekends.
Breakfast is available on weekends.
Breakfast is available separately.
Breakfast is available to all students.
Breakfast is available.
Breakfast is bacon, a bagel, and oatmeal, grits, or granola.
Breakfast is bagels and juice.
Breakfast is basic continental.
Breakfast is beyond words - a treat for the eyes and the palate.
Breakfast is big, lunch can be light or substantial and supper is a feast.
Breakfast is big.
Breakfast is bountiful and can be enjoyed by candlelight in the formal dining room.
Breakfast is bread baked in that stove, and eggs from the leghorns in the backyard.
Breakfast is brekkie.
Breakfast is buffet style followed by the program.
Breakfast is buffet, but lunch and dinner are menu.
Breakfast is buffet.
Breakfast is buffet-style featuring a hot dish like Blueberry French Toast.
Breakfast is buffet-style, with one hot entree, along with fruit and baked items.
Breakfast is by far the most important meal.
Breakfast is by registration only.
Breakfast is called 'desayuno' or 'almuerzo'.
Breakfast is called 'desayuno' or brunch is 'almuerzo'.
Breakfast is cereal and mail-order fruit from Texas.
Breakfast is cereal or a bacon, egg and cheese bagel.
Breakfast is cereal with fresh fruit, and lunch and evening meals include fruit and vegetables.
Breakfast is charged additionally.
Breakfast is charged extra.
Breakfast is cheap.
Breakfast is chocolate and blueberry pancakes, Belgian waffles, and steak and eggs.
Breakfast is coffee and a cigarette.
Breakfast is cold sugarless porridge full of sand, cockroaches and flies.
Breakfast is complementary and included in the price of the room.
Breakfast is complete with seasonal fruits, and a selection of juices.
Breakfast is complimentary and lunch is half off.
Breakfast is complimentary for guests.
Breakfast is complimentary.
Breakfast is compulsory.
Breakfast is continental and cooked and varies daily.
Breakfast is continental and cooked.
Breakfast is continental and is served either in the rooms or by the pool.
Breakfast is continental and packed full of fresh seasonal fruits.
Breakfast is continental buffet.
Breakfast is continental plus.
Breakfast is continental style, compliments of the hotel.
Breakfast is continental with fresh baking.
Breakfast is continental with home made goodies.
Breakfast is continental, with fresh breads, fruit, cereals, and beverages.
Breakfast is continental.
Breakfast is continental-plus and often includes wild game sausage.
Breakfast is cooked by the men, and they eat with the children.
Breakfast is cooked carefully and healthily, using local fresh produce where possible.
Breakfast is cooked on a wood stove.
Breakfast is cooked over an open campfire.
Breakfast is cooked right on the unit.
Breakfast is cooked to order and lunch is served buffet style.
Breakfast is country and delicious.
Breakfast is croissants and fresh fruit.
Breakfast is currently free for all grades.
Breakfast is D.fl.
Breakfast is definitely a healthful way to start the day.
Breakfast is definitely one of our favorite times of the day.
Breakfast is delightful experience in itself.
Breakfast is delivered hot to the door each morning.
Breakfast is delivered to each room in a large wicker basket at the time requested by the guests.
Breakfast is delivered to the door.
Breakfast is delivered.
Breakfast is dreadful.
Breakfast is dutch treat.
Breakfast is easy to fix and an important part of the diet day.
Breakfast is eaten at home, but lunch and dinner are eaten in the communal dining room.
Breakfast is eaten early and usually consists of hot, sweetened tea and biscuits.
Breakfast is eaten in silence on a self-serve basis.
Breakfast is eaten in silence.
Breakfast is eaten overlooking the heated pool with waterfall.
Breakfast is eaten with the host family.
Breakfast is enjoyed in our conservatory, which overlooks the garden.
Breakfast is especially good.
Breakfast is essential for children.
Breakfast is essential for jump starting the metabolism.
Breakfast is essential.
Breakfast is essentially continental style, i.e. coffee or tea with bread rolls, butter and jam.
Breakfast is European style.
Breakfast is excellent and worth the wait.
Breakfast is excellent.
Breakfast is excluded.
Breakfast is extra and available as room service or served down in hotel restaurants below.
Breakfast is extra for extra people.
Breakfast is extra unless the hotel states otherwise.
Breakfast is extra, but the full Irish version is worth every penny.
Breakfast is extra.
Breakfast is extremely important.
Breakfast is fancy continental, served in the beautiful dining room with fireplace.
Breakfast is farmhouse style - using local produce.
Breakfast is fine.
Breakfast is fixed with eggs, breakfast meats, and produce from the farm's livestock and gardens.
Breakfast is followed by a business meeting and guest speaker.
Breakfast is followed by a round of visits.
Breakfast is followed by a route-talk about what to see and do on today's ride.
Breakfast is followed by a talk on spiritual life by a member of the church.
Breakfast is followed by a teacher read aloud.
Breakfast is followed by a time of devotion, a special speaker, and fellowship.
Breakfast is for shelter residents only.
Breakfast is for staying guests of Forest Manor.
Breakfast is for the entire family.
Breakfast is free and the cafeteria is good and inexpensive.
Breakfast is free in most of the hotel chains and very healthy.
Breakfast is free with table registration.
Breakfast is free, but reservations are required.
Breakfast is free.
Breakfast is French style with petits pains, croissants etc.
Breakfast is fresh and hot and quite good.
Breakfast is freshly prepared with times and menu arranged according to schedules and appetites.
Breakfast is from the menu at a fixed price for members and guests.
Breakfast is fruit and homemade porridge of oats, goat's milk and raisins.
Breakfast is full and continental plus.
Breakfast is full with hand squeezed orange juice the staple.
Breakfast is full, family style and includes fresh fruit, juices, and assorted homemade breads.
Breakfast is fully continental with fresh baking.
Breakfast is generous and satisfying.
Breakfast is generous and varied and served at separate tables.
Breakfast is good, eat it and love it.
Breakfast is good, though, so do eat here.
Breakfast is good.
Breakfast is gourmet and served in the light and very pretty dining room.
Breakfast is gourmet continental.
Breakfast is grand luxe from the gourmet groaning-board buffet.
Breakfast is granola or pancakes.
Breakfast is great way to begin to fuel-up for the day.
Breakfast is hearty and scrumptious.
Breakfast is highly recommended.
Breakfast is home cooked and afternoon refreshments are offered.
Breakfast is home cooked and varies from day to day.
Breakfast is hot and hearty and includes home made pastries.
Breakfast is important because it is difficult to obtain all needed nutrients in only two meals.
Breakfast is important because it provides a major part of a child's daily energy supply.
Breakfast is important.
Breakfast is in a separate dining room.
Breakfast is in a spacious country kitchen surrounded by large windows overlooking the orchard.
Breakfast is in formal dining room.
Breakfast is in our picturesque log cabin lodge or river-rock patio.
Breakfast is in the dining room or on deck.
Breakfast is in the freezer.
Breakfast is in the lovely beamed farmhouse kitchen, using fresh local produce.
Breakfast is included .
Breakfast is included and dinner is available on request.
Breakfast is included and free of service tax.
Breakfast is included and free of tax.
Breakfast is included and horseback riding is available to guests.
Breakfast is included and is delicious, with a fairly wide menu including vegetarian options.
Breakfast is included and is served in our private lake view dining room.
Breakfast is included and massage is available.
Breakfast is included and other dining is available by arrangement.
Breakfast is included and Senior and other discounts are available.
Breakfast is included and served each morning in the dining room.
Breakfast is included and served in our beautiful dining room.
Breakfast is included and there is a full kitchen for guest use.
Breakfast is included and there is a workout room.
Breakfast is included at both.
Breakfast is included at Swinburne.
Breakfast is included at the hotel.
Breakfast is included daily.
Breakfast is included each morning.
Breakfast is included every day in the hotels.
Breakfast is included every day.
Breakfast is included everyday.
Breakfast is included for everyone.
Breakfast is included for overnight guests.
Breakfast is included in accommodation rates.
Breakfast is included in all hotels.
Breakfast is included in all prices.
Breakfast is included in all rates.
Breakfast is included in college accommodation.
Breakfast is included in each night's stay.
Breakfast is included in homestays.
Breakfast is included in our normal rates quoted.
Breakfast is included in our room rates.
Breakfast is included in our tariff.
Breakfast is included in price.
Breakfast is included in rate.
Breakfast is included in rates.
Breakfast is included in room rate.
Breakfast is included in room rates.
Breakfast is included in the above prices.
Breakfast is included in the affordable rates.
Breakfast is included in the cost of a night's stay.
Breakfast is included in the cost of housing.
Breakfast is included in the cost of the room, and is served buffet style.
Breakfast is included in the cost of the room.
Breakfast is included in the cost of the rooms.
Breakfast is included in the cost.
Breakfast is included in the fares of all sleeping compartments.
Breakfast is included in the fee.
Breakfast is included in the hotel rates.
Breakfast is included in the in the room rate.
Breakfast is included in the nightly rate.
Breakfast is included in the package.
Breakfast is included in the plan.
Breakfast is included in the price and supper is available on request.
Breakfast is included in the price for the room.
Breakfast is included in the price of a room.
Breakfast is included in the price of accommodation.
Breakfast is included in the price of the hotel.
Breakfast is included in the price of the room for guests staying at the conference hotel.
Breakfast is included in the price of the room.
Breakfast is included in the price of the rooms, and there is a restaurant located on grounds.
Breakfast is included in the price, and the staff speak a variety of languages.
Breakfast is included in the price.
Breakfast is included in the prices of all hotel categories.
Breakfast is included in the prices unless mentioned otherwise.
Breakfast is included in the prices.
Breakfast is included in the rate.
Breakfast is included in the rates and can be served in the room.
Breakfast is included in the rates.
Breakfast is included in the room charge.
Breakfast is included in the room price.
Breakfast is included in the room rate and served daily to inn guests.
Breakfast is included in the room rate.
Breakfast is included in the room rates.
Breakfast is included in the service at most hotels, usually served as sm rg sbord.
Breakfast is included in the service at most hotels.
Breakfast is included in the service in most hotels.
Breakfast is included in the Sheraton Skyline hotel room rate.
Breakfast is included in the standard prices.
Breakfast is included in the tariff .
Breakfast is included in the tariff and served in the dining room or on the verandah.
Breakfast is included in the tariff.
Breakfast is included in thh room rate.
Breakfast is included on each of the three days.
Breakfast is included only for rooms with private bathroom.
Breakfast is included throughout the duration of the tour.
Breakfast is included too.
Breakfast is included unless otherwise stated.
Breakfast is included unless specified in the meal rate column.
Breakfast is included unless stated otherwise.
Breakfast is included with accommodations.
Breakfast is included with accomodation.
Breakfast is included with all lodgings.
Breakfast is included with all reservations.
Breakfast is included with all rooms unless otherwise indicated.
Breakfast is included with each night's stay.
Breakfast is included with hotel registration.
Breakfast is included with hotel stays, but students are responsible for all other meals.
Breakfast is included with our Bed and Breakfast Suites.
Breakfast is included with suites.
Breakfast is included with the accommodation.
Breakfast is included with the package.
Breakfast is included with the price of the accommodations.
Breakfast is included with the price of the room.
Breakfast is included with the room and is served in the passengers dinning room or on deck.
Breakfast is included with the room.
Breakfast is included, and a restaurant offers lunch and dinner.
Breakfast is included, and oh what a breakfast it is.
Breakfast is included, and there are phones in the rooms, as well as king-sized beds and hot water.
Breakfast is included, as are evening snacks, juice, tea, etc.
Breakfast is included, as well as a tour of the town and mines.
Breakfast is included, but be sure to ask far in advance to get one of the four rooms.
Breakfast is included. .
Breakfast is included.
Breakfast is inclusive in the above cost.
Breakfast is individually prepared.
Breakfast is informal with silence in the monastic refectory.
Breakfast is invariably oatmeal and toast, and meat is served only on Sundays and holidays.
Breakfast is just a cup of tea or a bowl of porridge.
Breakfast is just another meal.
Breakfast is key.
Breakfast is left overs from dinner.
Breakfast is less extensive.
Breakfast is light.
Breakfast is likely little more than a second thought, probably a stop for coffee on the road.
Breakfast is made to order with lots of options.
Breakfast is made to order.
Breakfast is magenta watermelon and sunny pineapple, flautas, chilaquiles, eggs with salsa verde.
Breakfast is meant to be an experience.
Breakfast is merely morning meal.
Breakfast is more than a meal here, something approaching a religious ritual.
Breakfast is mostly cereal mixed with liquid yogurt.
Breakfast is no less a work of culinary art.
Breakfast is non-existent, and lunch is always only a snack.
Breakfast is normally an extra.
Breakfast is offered at an extra charge.
Breakfast is offered during golf season.
Breakfast is offered during ski season only.
Breakfast is offered for a small extra fee.
Breakfast is offered in all schools.
Breakfast is offered on request.
Breakfast is offered year-round, while dinner service is offered seasonally.
Breakfast is often an easy meal to prepare and eat.
Breakfast is often bagels and cream cheese.
Breakfast is often chicken soup or noodle dish.
Breakfast is omelettes, waffles and pancakes.
Breakfast is on a donation basis.
Breakfast is on request.
Breakfast is on the sidewalk outside the hotel.
Breakfast is on the table.
Breakfast is one of the best ways to boost daily calcium.
Breakfast is only about ten minutes.
Breakfast is open-seating.
Breakfast is optional All are welcome.
Breakfast is optional and can be included for a nominal fee.
Breakfast is optional, fellowship happens.
Breakfast is optional.
Breakfast is ordered from a menu and cooked to order.
Breakfast is ordered from the menu.
Breakfast is our Specialty .
Breakfast is our specialty.
Breakfast is out of the question.
Breakfast is over now.
Breakfast is over.
Breakfast is part of the routine.
Breakfast is per paid room night.
Breakfast is perfect because it offers the element of surprise.
Breakfast is planned.
Breakfast is plentiful and the help exemplary.
Breakfast is plentiful, good, and payment is a donation.
Breakfast is predictably sumptuous.
Breakfast is prepared and provided by the campus food service staff.
Breakfast is prepared by volunteers from our group on a revolving basis.
Breakfast is prepared fresh each morning.
Breakfast is prepared to order.
Breakfast is pretty good too.
Breakfast is pretty good, but lunch is too much Greek food.
Breakfast is pretty much the same every day, but lunch and supper vary by the day of the week.
Breakfast is pretty slim, but the owners get high marks for being friendly and attentive.
Breakfast is probably the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is probably the single most outrageously priced meal on the island.
Breakfast is provided at either one of two excellent restaurants.
Breakfast is provided at most locations.
Breakfast is provided at the dorms and school cafeterias.
Breakfast is provided at the student residence.
Breakfast is provided both mornings.
Breakfast is provided by the family.
Breakfast is provided by the host family.
Breakfast is provided daily at the hotel without charge.
Breakfast is provided daily, and all meals are provided while on safari outside the cities.
Breakfast is provided daily, and lunch is offered at least three times a week.
Breakfast is provided daily.
Breakfast is provided each day, and lunch is provided on game day.
Breakfast is provided each day.
Breakfast is provided each morning and included in the program price.
Breakfast is provided each morning, with a packed lunch.
Breakfast is provided each morning.
Breakfast is provided every day, as well as at least three dinners each week.
Breakfast is provided every day, including weekends.
Breakfast is provided for all participant of the morning program and is included in the weekly fees.
Breakfast is provided for one adult.
Breakfast is provided for parents who spend the night.
Breakfast is provided in Limerick and Dublin.
Breakfast is provided in morning latchkey while snacks are provided in the afternoon.
Breakfast is provided in the houses, as are linen and towels, which are changed weekly.
Breakfast is provided in the morning, as well as a bag lunch for the day as guests leave.
Breakfast is provided on request with extra charge.
Breakfast is provided onboard.
Breakfast is provided through vouchers at a delightful coffee shop across the street.
Breakfast is provided to students who qualify.
Breakfast is provided with a full lunch at noon and midafternoon snack.
Breakfast is provided with the homestay as well as one evening meal each week.
Breakfast is provided.
Breakfast is ready.
Breakfast is really slow.
Breakfast is relaxed.
Breakfast is relentlessly bacon and eggs.
Breakfast is required for all students except seniors.
Breakfast is rice.
Breakfast is rich American buffet.
Breakfast is rich continental and is served to the rooms or by the pool.
Breakfast is rich continental, served either at the bar just over the rooms or in the room.
Breakfast is rich continental.
Breakfast is self-catered.
Breakfast is self-serve and single visitors or groups are welcome.
Breakfast is self-serve continental style at times depending on the preferences of each group.
Breakfast is self-serve.
Breakfast is served .
Breakfast is served according to the guest's schedule.
Breakfast is served after services.
Breakfast is served after the flight.
Breakfast is served alfresco on the sunny deck and is extensive as well as informal.
Breakfast is served all day and the coffee pot is always on.
Breakfast is served all day and the dinner menu includes roast beef, pork cutlets, chicken and ham.
Breakfast is served all day long and the price is right.
Breakfast is served all day long with a great cup of coffee and conversation.
Breakfast is served all day long, and they only accept cash.
Breakfast is served all day long.
Breakfast is served all day on the weekends.
Breakfast is served all day so feel free to sleep in.
Breakfast is served all day, along with deli sandwiches, salads, burgers and Middle Eastern fare.
Breakfast is served all day, and it's a very good bet.
Breakfast is served all day, and there are plenty of old standbys for the asking.
Breakfast is served all day, of course, at equally reasonable prices.
Breakfast is served all day, which is a nice feature.
Breakfast is served all day.
Breakfast is served all year round on our sun porch.
Breakfast is served and everything from a full breakfast to rolls and sausage are available.
Breakfast is served and students take a short walk to their classrooms.
Breakfast is served and usually other meals can be arranged.
Breakfast is served any time.
Breakfast is served anytime and daily lunch specials.
Breakfast is served anytime.
Breakfast is served around one large table, where a host of freshly prepared goodies are on offer.
Breakfast is served around the clock.
Breakfast is served as a buffet in a cosy room with a tiled stove.
Breakfast is served as an extensive buffet.
Breakfast is served at a candlelit dining table with flowers from the hosts' garden.
Breakfast is served at a table in front of a window which overlooks the garden and fields.
Breakfast is served at all elementary schools and most secondary schools.
Breakfast is served at anytime a clean feel.
Breakfast is served at both meetings.
Breakfast is served at linen-covered tables in the dining room or out on the deck.
Breakfast is served at marble tables stretched along a hallway.
Breakfast is served at separate tables the hour guests choose.
Breakfast is served at the dining room table in the winter, and on the patio in good weather.
Breakfast is served at the dining table overlooking the valley.
Breakfast is served at the harvest table in front of the fireplace.
Breakfast is served at the hostel.
Breakfast is served at the hotel while other scheduled meals are served in nearby restaurants.
Breakfast is served at the large oak dining table.
Breakfast is served at the large period table in the main dining room.
Breakfast is served at the mansion.
Breakfast is served at the morning meetings.
Breakfast is served at the motel, while the noon and evening meals are home-cooked.
Breakfast is served at the top floor in a friendly dining room.
Breakfast is served before departing for another day of rafting, water games and fun.
Breakfast is served before, between and after services.
Breakfast is served buffet style every morning.
Breakfast is served buffet style with no time limit.
Breakfast is served buffet style.
Breakfast is served buffet-style at a time most convenient for our guests.
Breakfast is served buffet-style in the college dining hall.
Breakfast is served buffet-style in the winter only.
Breakfast is served buffet-style.
Breakfast is served buffett style and is consistently the best meal of the day.
Breakfast is served by candlelight in our elegant dining room.
Breakfast is served by candlelight in the dining room overlooking the perennial garden.
Breakfast is served by candlelight.
Breakfast is served by choice in the dining room or tree-shaded backyard deck.
Breakfast is served by the host .
Breakfast is served by the pool.
Breakfast is served concurrently.
Breakfast is served daily and a dairy dinner is available with reservations.
Breakfast is served daily as an optional extra.
Breakfast is served daily at school as well.
Breakfast is served daily in our charming restaurant, leading on to our private garden.
Breakfast is served daily in our dinning room.
Breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
Breakfast is served daily in the room.
Breakfast is served daily in the schools.
Breakfast is served daily inside, on the patio or terrace or in our beautiful lush gardens.
Breakfast is served daily lunch during season.
Breakfast is served daily, and the restaurant is nonsmoking.
Breakfast is served daily.
Breakfast is served downstairs at a round table where the coffeepot is always full.
Breakfast is served downstairs in a splendid arched cellar.
Breakfast is served downstairs in the formal paneled dining room.
Breakfast is served downstairs in the main dining area.
Breakfast is served during a time of fellowship.
Breakfast is served during the week.
Breakfast is served during the winter as well.
Breakfast is served each morning following a pageant performance except Sundays.
Breakfast is served each morning in our formal dining room.
Breakfast is served each morning in the dining room area depicted in the above picture.
Breakfast is served each morning in the dining room or on the front porch.
Breakfast is served each morning in the hotel.
Breakfast is served each morning in the large dining room overlooking the landscaped gardens.
Breakfast is served each morning.
Breakfast is served each weekday morning.
Breakfast is served early and helps everyone to warm up for the day ahead.
Breakfast is served either in our dining room or on the cheery sun porch, weather permitting.
Breakfast is served either in our dining room or on the sunny deck.
Breakfast is served either in the parlor or on the patio in nice weather.
Breakfast is served either in the restaurant or on the patio.
Breakfast is served English style in our formal dining room.
Breakfast is served every morning in a beautiful dining room on the lower level.
Breakfast is served every morning in our cafeteria.
Breakfast is served every morning in our elegant dining room.
Breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room.
Breakfast is served every morning on fine china and crystal.
Breakfast is served every morning, and can be personalized to meet special dietary needs.
Breakfast is served family style in our log and tent dining room.
Breakfast is served family style in the dining room.
Breakfast is served family-style around one large table where guests quickly become friends.
Breakfast is served family-style in the upstairs conservatory of the coach house.
Breakfast is served fireside with a view of the Salmon River.
Breakfast is served fireside, and lunch and dinner are available at local restaurants.
Breakfast is served for donations.
Breakfast is served for the crew a half-hour before the guests eat.
Breakfast is served free, to course participants, in the cafeteria next to the dorm building.
Breakfast is served fresh every morning.
Breakfast is served fresh off the grill in the kitchen.
Breakfast is served from a buffet in our breakfastroom.
Breakfast is served from an extensive menu menu in our enchanting dining room.
Breakfast is served from an old-fashioned cooking range, enhancing the hotel's period decor.
Breakfast is served from midnight.
Breakfast is served from six am until morning classes begin.
Breakfast is served here around four tables with cane-seated bentwood chairs.
Breakfast is served here on antique china and includes fresh farm products.
Breakfast is served here on crisp winter mornings or outdoors on the terrace in warmer seasons.
Breakfast is served here on the weekends.
Breakfast is served here.
Breakfast is served in a beautiful formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in a country style setting.
Breakfast is served in a cozy country-style dining room.
Breakfast is served in a dining room setting to overnight guests only.
Breakfast is served in a dining room that is truly a work of art.
Breakfast is served in a flower filled solarium overlooking the water.
Breakfast is served in a full service cafetorium, and then it is time for our literacy block.
Breakfast is served in a garden sunporch that sparkles with white linen and lace.
Breakfast is served in a glass solarium.
Breakfast is served in a lovely conservatory overlooking a small back garden.
Breakfast is served in a lovely, light-filled dining room.
Breakfast is served in a magnificent, recently built hall.
Breakfast is served in a nook under a fig tree, overlooking the pool.
Breakfast is served in a picturesque kitchen.
Breakfast is served in a pretty bay window overlooking the garden.
Breakfast is served in a spacious and light sitting room set aside for the use of guests.
Breakfast is served in a traditional Scottish family dining room.
Breakfast is served in a turn of the century dining room offering a majestic view of the lake.
Breakfast is served in all schools.
Breakfast is served in an annexe overlooking a lovely garden.
Breakfast is served in an open kitchen and eaten outside in the courtyard.
Breakfast is served in an open thatched roof room.
Breakfast is served in an oval dining room onfine antique china.
Breakfast is served in bed or in the Inn's elegant dining room.
Breakfast is served in bed, while gourmet candlelight dining comprises the evening repast.
Breakfast is served in dining room or on deck overlooking lake.
Breakfast is served in either the sunny kitchen or near the fireplace in the formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in garden rooms set in each cluster of accommodation.
Breakfast is served in main lodge.
Breakfast is served in one seating.
Breakfast is served in our conservatory with views of the garden.
Breakfast is served in our cozy country kitchen with a view overlooking the lake.
Breakfast is served in our dining room or on the outdoor deck.
Breakfast is served in our elegant dining room or beside the pool.
Breakfast is served in our formal dining room .
Breakfast is served in our gastronomique restaurant.
Breakfast is served in our pleasant conservatory.
Breakfast is served in our solarium.
Breakfast is served in our spacious dining room.
Breakfast is served in our spacious new garden conservatory.
Breakfast is served in our sunny dining room overlooking a pretty English garden.
Breakfast is served in our sunny peach and teal dining room.
Breakfast is served in our Sunroom.
Breakfast is served in our waterfront dining room, and three suites are offered in-room breakfast.
Breakfast is served in Raffles, which overlooks the refreshing pool.
Breakfast is served in several courses.
Breakfast is served in the adjoining conservatory.
Breakfast is served in the antique-furnished dining room, or on the sunny, open patio.
Breakfast is served in the beautiful winter garden.
Breakfast is served in the bedrooms, as there is no eating area.
Breakfast is served in the breakfast area or alfresco on the decking overlooking the lake.
Breakfast is served in the breakfast room with a view of the sea.
Breakfast is served in the bridal suite.
Breakfast is served in the bright garden room or the formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in the bush.
Breakfast is served in the charming tea room overlooking their blue ribbon vegetable gardens.
Breakfast is served in the coffee bar while in good weather, tea is served on the roof garden.
Breakfast is served in the common area.
Breakfast is served in the cottage or in the main house with dinners and picnic baskets on request.
Breakfast is served in the cottages, in the garden, or in the hosts' home.
Breakfast is served in the country kitchen with stenciled floor and fireplace, or on the porch.
Breakfast is served in the courtyard.
Breakfast is served in the cozy dining room by candlelight or on the porch, weather permitting.
Breakfast is served in the dining area in the den and weather permitting, on the patio.
Breakfast is served in the dining area of our front living room with balcony.
Breakfast is served in the dining area off the kitchen.
Breakfast is served in the dining room complete with open fire for the cooler months.
Breakfast is served in the dining room of the main house.
Breakfast is served in the dining room on an antique mahagony table.
Breakfast is served in the dining room opposite.
Breakfast is served in the dining room or on the back deck overlooking the yard, brook and wildlife.
Breakfast is served in the dining room or on the terrace overlooking the garden, weather permitting.
Breakfast is served in the dining room or out on the terrace.
Breakfast is served in the dining room or the sunroom at a time agreed upon at check-in.
Breakfast is served in the dining room overlooking the garden.
Breakfast is served in the dining room with linens, candlelight and lace.
Breakfast is served in the dining room, and dinner is available by arrangement.
Breakfast is served in the dining room, and outside on the patio in the summer months .
Breakfast is served in the dining room, graced with fine china and silver.
Breakfast is served in the dining room.
Breakfast is served in the dinning room.
Breakfast is served in the downstairs dining area.
Breakfast is served in the Edwardian dining room.
Breakfast is served in the elegant dining room facing the ocean.
Breakfast is served in the elegant fireplaced dining room on fine and silver.
Breakfast is served in the elegant formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in the family dining room.
Breakfast is served in the family room and lunch or dinner are offered by prior arrangement.
Breakfast is served in the form of Buffet.
Breakfast is served in the formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in the formal Victorian parlor.
Breakfast is served in the formaldining room or weather permitting, in the garden area.
Breakfast is served in the former vault.
Breakfast is served in the front dining room, or weather permitting, on the outside stone patio.
Breakfast is served in the garden or dining room, both of which are accessible.
Breakfast is served in the garden or in the wood-panelled breakfast area.
Breakfast is served in the garden patio by the outdoor bar.
Breakfast is served in the garden.
Breakfast is served in the guest suites, or out on the deck in the summer.
Breakfast is served in the hotel buffet style.
Breakfast is served in the hotel restaurant, equipped with TV and radio.
Breakfast is served in the hotel restaurant.
Breakfast is served in the hotel.
Breakfast is served in the intimate dining room or the spacious front porch in summer.
Breakfast is served in the lapa.
Breakfast is served in the large country kitchen, on the front porch or rear deck.
Breakfast is served in the large dining room or on the front porch, weather permitting .
Breakfast is served in the library, beside the pool and pergola.
Breakfast is served in the lobby.
Breakfast is served in the Lodge dining room, or on request brought to the suites.
Breakfast is served in the lodge or alfresco on the terrace in the summer months.
Breakfast is served in the lounge or in the cabin itself.
Breakfast is served in the lovely roof garden.
Breakfast is served in the main building.
Breakfast is served in the main cabin.
Breakfast is served in the main house dining room.
Breakfast is served in the main house family dining room or on the guesthouse portal.
Breakfast is served in the main house.
Breakfast is served in the main lodge before fishing starts for the day.
Breakfast is served in the main, enormous dining room.
Breakfast is served in the morning at the dining room table.
Breakfast is served in the multi-purpose room.
Breakfast is served in the nook that shares a great view of the gardens and mountains.
Breakfast is served in the oak furnished dinning room.
Breakfast is served in the open-plan lounge or alfresco in the private courtyard on sunny days.
Breakfast is served in the paneled formal dining room.
Breakfast is served in the parlor beneath the stained-glass skylight.
Breakfast is served in the patios, in the dining room, or on a wicker tray in the guest's room.
Breakfast is served in the private dining room.
Breakfast is served in the residence and group dinners are offered in local restaurants and caf s.
Breakfast is served in the resident's room, or, if the resident wishes, in the dining room.
Breakfast is served in the room.
Breakfast is served in the solarium on white lawn tables.
Breakfast is served in the splendid vaulted cellars.
Breakfast is served in the suite .
Breakfast is served in the sunny breakfast room or on the verandah overlooking the harbour.
Breakfast is served in the Sunroom, which overlooks Table Rock Lake.
Breakfast is served in the traditional farmhouse dining room.
Breakfast is served in the vaulted dining room.
Breakfast is served in the wine cellar or outside in warmer months.
Breakfast is served in-room.
Breakfast is served inside, ou tside or ensuite.
Breakfast is served inside, outside or en suite.
Breakfast is served in-suite or deckside each morning.
Breakfast is served on a beautiful, antique oak banquet table.
Breakfast is served on a lovely terrace.
Breakfast is served on a pretty terrace overlooking the sea.
Breakfast is served on a private lanai.
Breakfast is served on antique oak tables in the dining room.
Breakfast is served on board, lunch and dinner at selected restaurants en route.
Breakfast is served on china and crystal.
Breakfast is served on china, crystal and silver for an extra elegant touch.
Breakfast is served on fine china with silver and crystal.
Breakfast is served on fine china, crystal, silver with fresh flowers and candlelight.
Breakfast is served on gleaming silver and china in the sparkling dining room.
Breakfast is served on lace or linen tablecloths with matching placements and napkins.
Breakfast is served on lovely white china and sterling silver.
Breakfast is served on pottery plates made here on the ranch in the studio.
Breakfast is served on selected weekends, coffee available every morning.
Breakfast is served on silver and china in our formal dining room.
Breakfast is served on the big verandah overlooking the ocean.
Breakfast is served on the covered deck with weather permitting or in the common room.
Breakfast is served on the deck, by the pool or in our morning room.
Breakfast is served on the large wrap-around porch, weather permitting.
Breakfast is served on the observation deck or in the dining room.
Breakfast is served on the patio in the summertime.
Breakfast is served on the patio under a large umbrella.
Breakfast is served on the porch amid greenery.
Breakfast is served on the porch.
Breakfast is served on the sunporch.
Breakfast is served on the terrace facing the ocean.
Breakfast is served on the terrace.
Breakfast is served on the upper veranda when weather permits since everyone loves the views.
Breakfast is served on the verandah overlooking the mountains.
Breakfast is served on the wraparound porch overlooking the marina.
Breakfast is served on trays in the hall and can be enjoyed at the room.
Breakfast is served on weekends.
Breakfast is served one hour before the start of tours.
Breakfast is served only for guests.
Breakfast is served only for overnight guests.
Breakfast is served outside on deck when the weather is nice.
Breakfast is served outside, weather permitting.
Breakfast is served overlooking the coastline and tea is served in the parlor in the afternoon.
Breakfast is served overlooking the garden in a glass-enclosed terrace.
Breakfast is served overlooking the sparkling salt-water pool set in lush greenery.
Breakfast is served pool side every morning and complimentary cold drinks are always available.
Breakfast is served prior to program.
Breakfast is served seven days a week along with a lunch menu that fills everyone s needs.
Breakfast is served seven days a week and lunch is served five days a week.
Breakfast is served seven days a week, too.
Breakfast is served simply for the purpose of convenience and no other.
Breakfast is served the first day while the mules are being loaded.
Breakfast is served to all guests.
Breakfast is served to guests.
Breakfast is served to Inn guests in the dining room each morning.
Breakfast is served to lodgers only with lunch and dinner open to the public.
Breakfast is served to lodging guests and is available for meetings if arranged in advance.
Breakfast is served to suit the individual tastes and dietary requirements of our guests.
Breakfast is served under the bimini on deck while watching the sun rise and sea birds take flight.
Breakfast is served under the crystal chandelier in the dining room.
Breakfast is served until noon.
Breakfast is served whenever guests wish.
Breakfast is served which is usually hot cafeteria food.
Breakfast is served with a choice of milk and assorted juice.
Breakfast is served with beds or rooms.
Breakfast is served with both hot and cold selections.
Breakfast is served with crystal and silver in the elegantly paneled dining room.
Breakfast is served with fruit or mixed greens.
Breakfast is served with sterling silver and on fine china.
Breakfast is served with style and friendliness against an open fire and candlelit background.
Breakfast is served with Turkish tea.
Breakfast is served, but it is optional.
Breakfast is served.
Breakfast is simple but adequate.
Breakfast is simple yet exquisite.
Breakfast is simple.
Breakfast is sold all day.
Breakfast is sold in the morning before class and snacks can be bought after school.
Breakfast is sometimes melon and more often it is raw energy soup which is used at most meals.
Breakfast is started and monitors are hooked up.
Breakfast is still good, if a good bit tamer.
Breakfast is still the most important meal of the day, especially for school-age children.
Breakfast is still the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is still water and saltines, maybe an apple.
Breakfast is sumptuous but healthy.
Breakfast is supplied and champagne for special occasions.
Breakfast is supplied by conference services.
Breakfast is supplied each day.
Breakfast is supplied, restaurants close by.
Breakfast is supposed to be the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is sweet Breakfast at Tamarindo, especially on weekdays, is a sweet experience.
Breakfast is taken buffet-style, in a now well established and convenient format.
Breakfast is taken here also.
Breakfast is taken in a relaxed atmosphere and there is time to re-pack personal belongings.
Breakfast is taken in a relaxed atmosphere and there is time to repack personal belongings.
Breakfast is taken in the cafeteria in the same building.
Breakfast is taken in the dining room or on the sunny terrace.
Breakfast is taken in the dorm and a meal stipend is provided for all other meals.
Breakfast is taken in the restaurant downstairs, which also has a pleasant bar.
Breakfast is taken in the same complex.
Breakfast is the best bet.
Breakfast is the best here.
Breakfast is the best.
Breakfast is the bud.
Breakfast is the busiest meal at the Summit and it's the best time to sample the special hot cakes.
Breakfast is the daily challenge.
Breakfast is the exception.
Breakfast is the favorite meal of the day here at the Inn.
Breakfast is the first and most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is the first meal of the day at school.
Breakfast is the first meal of the day.
Breakfast is the highlight.
Breakfast is the key to a good start every morning.
Breakfast is the lowest fat meal for young adult women.
Breakfast is the main attraction.
Breakfast is the meal that primes the body for the day ahead.
Breakfast is the morning meal.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and the almond is the most important morning food.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is THE most important meal of the three.
Breakfast is the most important meal.
Breakfast is the most important part of the day.
Breakfast is the only meal served and is included in the charge for the room.
Breakfast is the only meal served and only to overnight guests.
Breakfast is the only meal served in college houses to non-reunion alumnae.
Breakfast is the only meal served.
Breakfast is the only meal that is supplied.
Breakfast is the preferred event, often in an medium to expensive place.
Breakfast is the sloppiest meal of the day.
Breakfast is the specialty, though the coffee is a tad pedestrian.
Breakfast is the ultimate experience beginning with wake-up coffee in the library.
Breakfast is the usual cereal and toast.
Breakfast is the worst.
Breakfast is throw the cold piece of french toast on the plate and eat it before the syrup freezes.
Breakfast is to be enjoyed at the oak claw foot table by the window, or out on the deck.
Breakfast is toast with black coffee.
Breakfast is too late.
Breakfast is traditional and unhurried and cooked to order.
Breakfast is truly a Vermont experience.
Breakfast is under control. . .
Breakfast is uninspired.
Breakfast is unlike any other.
Breakfast is usually a home cooked meal.
Breakfast is usually a piece of bread and a cup of coffee.
Breakfast is usually a sweet roll, fresh fruit, juice, and coffee.
Breakfast is usually cereal with milk heated on their calor-gas stove.
Breakfast is usually cold, and lunches are usually sandwiches, such as peanut butter and jelly.
Breakfast is usually continental.
Breakfast is usually desirable.
Breakfast is usually fresher, and cheaper , at the neighborhood 'bar'.
Breakfast is usually fruit and whole-grain bread or cereal.
Breakfast is usually fruit, cereal, sometimes boiled eggs, bread, peanut butter, and coffee.
Breakfast is usually less expensive, even in the best restaurants.
Breakfast is usually pretty good.
Breakfast is usually savory rather than sweet.
Breakfast is usually simple and self-serve.
Breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread, chapati , mahamri , boiled sweet potatoes or yams .
Breakfast is varied and involves fresh fruit and traditional cooked breakfast farmhouse fare.
Breakfast is very fast and consists of a shot of coffee and pastry or bread.
Breakfast is very good.
Breakfast is very hearty and generally consists of bacon, eggs, grilled tomato, and fried bread.
Breakfast is very important for the child that is heading to school.
Breakfast is very important.
Breakfast is wholesome including cereal, eggs, orange juice and fresh French bread.
Breakfast is wildly popular here, along with the Memorial Day air show.
Breakfast is, by law, an extra even though most hotels try to include breakfast in their prices.
Breakfast is, of course, included each day.
Breakfast is, of course, included in the fee.
Breakfast is, of course, included.
Breakfast isa meal.
Breakfast literally means breaking the fast that starts from the earlier night s dinner.
Breakfast literally means to break ones fast.
Breakfast nowadays is a light meal - fruit juice, cereal, toast and marmalade, tea or coffee.
Breakfast offers a buffet with a wide selection, plus omelets or pancakes cooked to order.
Breakfast offers a wide variety of choices at Mountain Sky.
Breakfast offers such treats as apple spice sausage patties and macadamia nut waffles.
Breakfast only is included.
Breakfast only is provided.
Breakfast only is served.
Breakfast overlooking the loch gives the day a wonderful start.
Breakfast pancakes Breakfast pancakes for kids of all ages.
Breakfast pleases the eye and palate. . . .
Breakfast precedes morning fishing on the Hurricane.
Breakfast prepares children to meet the challenges of learning.
Breakfast prevents irritability and fatigue.
Breakfast provides a vital nutritional boost every morning to get their learning process going.
Breakfast provides for all tastes with a wide rang of Scottish fayre.
Breakfast provides students with a nutritions start to their day.
Breakfast quickly becomes a fading memory once lunchtime arrives.
Breakfast really is the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast replenishes blood glucose levels which have become depleted during the night.
Breakfast rides available.
Breakfast rides Groups of eight or more and three day notice.
Breakfast rolls straight from the oven.
Breakfast seem across all company finally being camisole.
Breakfast seem across all company finally being mens sweater vests.
Breakfast seem except any male indeed become extreme sports.
Breakfast seems so commonplace at such an exciting moment.
Breakfast seems to be the most common meal skipped, followed by lunch.
Breakfast serve in the dining room each morning.
Breakfast sets the tone for the rest of the day, especially in a survival situation.
Breakfast skipping is even more common in adults than in children.
Breakfast sounds good.
Breakfast starts early with omelets, pancakes, waffles, eggs, etc., and is served all day.
Breakfast starts off with cereal, juice, eggs, bacon, cowboy pancakes, fried potatoes.
Breakfast starts wit freshly squeezed orange juice and fresh fruit.
Breakfast starts with a buffet of juices, assorted fruits, pastries, granola, coffee and tea.
Breakfast starts with warm homemade breads, fresh fruit and juice.
Breakfast still is the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast still means pancakes and eggs.
Breakfast Talk on the activities carried out in the ashram and all the projects undertaken.
Breakfast Talk on yoga in daily life.
Breakfast tastes that way, and lunch tastes that way, and dinner tastes that way.
Breakfast tends to be eggs, fruit, toast and plenty of vitamins washed down by a soy concoction.
Breakfast then transfer to Dead Sea.
Breakfast then transfer to visit the desert castles.
Breakfast there is a wonderful event in the long meandering stream of passing things.
Breakfast wake till a cheerleading and dance.
Breakfast watch below the excuse as stuck Walking articles.
Breakfasts are a bargain.
Breakfasts are a copious selection of global and local fare.
Breakfasts are a delight, served family style with a different entree prepared daily.
Breakfasts are a delight.
Breakfasts are a more or less cooperative effort.
Breakfasts are a regular treat, be they focused on crepes or frittatas.
Breakfasts are a speciality with a good choice available.
Breakfasts are abundant and delicious.
Breakfasts are all-American eggs and bacom, etc.
Breakfasts are all-American eggs and bacon, etc.
Breakfasts are also an important reflection of our choice of destinations.
Breakfasts are always good.
Breakfasts are always optional.
Breakfasts are as organic as possible, given the season.
Breakfasts are as varied as the hosts and homes.
Breakfasts are available at some schools.
Breakfasts are available until late.
Breakfasts are available.
Breakfasts are big at La Villa.
Breakfasts are bountiful and amenities abound.
Breakfasts are breakfast food.
Breakfasts are busy during the weekends, as are lunches throughout the week.
Breakfasts are busy, especially on weekends, and include many egg dishes, french toast and pancakes.
Breakfasts are complete with granola, yogurt, fresh fruit and offerings from the griddle.
Breakfasts are continental.
Breakfasts are creative and served with warm hospitality.
Breakfasts are delicious.
Breakfasts are either room service or country buffet selection in the Skyline restaurant.
Breakfasts are full so come ready to eat.
Breakfasts are fun and exciting with guests eagerly anticipating the next morning s creations.
Breakfasts are generous in portion, made from farm-fresh eggs and local meats.
Breakfasts are generous, prepared with great detail each morning.
Breakfasts are gourmet and served on the antique dining table by the fireplace.
Breakfasts are gourmet.
Breakfasts are great big fat sausages, eggs waffles hotcakes and all the rest.
Breakfasts are hearty and served in our sunny dining room overlooking the river.
Breakfasts are hearty and tasty and served all day.
Breakfasts are hearty and tasty.
Breakfasts are hearty, filling and feature home-baking and our bottomless cup of coffee.
Breakfasts are hearty, lunches and dinner feature nouveau cuisine.
Breakfasts are hearty, the burgers are great and the daily special is always special.
Breakfasts are huge, delighting any taste, and are served in the hotel dining room.
Breakfasts are huge, with memorable cinnamon rolls.
Breakfasts are located in tables.
Breakfasts are massive and tasty, and even better on the outdoor patio.
Breakfasts are meals.
Breakfasts are most important on board.
Breakfasts are now over for the season.
Breakfasts are of pancakes, eggs, french toast and a selection of bacon and sausage breakfast meats.
Breakfasts are our speciality here.
Breakfasts are really nice.
Breakfasts are ridiculously overpriced.
Breakfasts are robust and old-fashioned, with slices of ham, eggs over easy and crusty home fries.
Breakfasts are second to none.
Breakfasts are served to order, so there is some order taking.
Breakfasts are special here.
Breakfasts are substantial and dinner is also available on request.
Breakfasts are sumptuous and elegantly served from the heavy, carved dining-room furniture.
Breakfasts are sumptuous and plentiful.
Breakfasts are superb.
Breakfasts are truly memorable.
Breakfasts are typically eggs, toast, and fruit along with a selection of hot drinks.
Breakfasts are usually continental with some full breakfasts.
Breakfasts are usually superb.
Breakfasts are very difficult.
Breakfasts are very good and cheap here too.
Breakfasts are whoppers and healthy.
Breakfasts are wonderful and dinners are a fantastic value.
Breakfasts are wonderful.
Breakfasts begin with fresh fruits and home-baked breads, followed by a special daily entree.
Breakfasts can be earlier by arrangement.
Breakfasts change with the seasons using the freshest ingredients possible.
Breakfasts come and go, rene.
Breakfasts come with muffins or donuts or canned fruit.
Breakfasts consist of bacon.
Breakfasts consist of bananas.
Breakfasts consist of bread.
Breakfasts consist of cereals.
Breakfasts consist of cereals.
Breakfasts consist of coffee.
Breakfasts consist of eggs, bacon, cereals, toast, fresh fruit and coffee.
Breakfasts consist of muffins, juice, granola, fruits, cereals etc.
Breakfasts contain food.
Breakfasts feature fresh baked goodies, egg dishes or oatmeal, fresh fruit and great coffee.
Breakfasts feature home made breads and gourmet entrees.
Breakfasts feature orange French toast and fried country grits.
Breakfasts feature reindeer sausage and homemade applesauce.
Breakfasts feature thick slabs of country ham and mountains of crusty home fries.
Breakfasts have (part) bread.
Breakfasts have (part) helpings.
Breakfasts have (part) sandwiches.
Breakfasts have (part) sauces.
Breakfasts have (part) servings.
Breakfasts have (part) side dishes.
Breakfasts have (part) side order.
Breakfasts here are the main event of our day.
Breakfasts include biscuits.
Breakfasts include cereals.
Breakfasts include dishes.
Breakfasts include fry biscuits.
Breakfasts include milk.
Breakfasts include pancakes.
Breakfasts provide energy.
Breakfasts provide grain.
Breakfasts provide vitamins.
Breakfasts range from continental to full meals.
Breakfasts range from continental to homemade baked goods, juices and cereals.
Breakfasts reach well beyond the continental fare.
Breakfasts serve in the rooms.
Breakfasts surpass anything one can image. . . .
Breakfasts vary by season.
Breakfasts vary from day to day.
Breakfasts vary to the chef's whims or the guests choice.
Breakfast always begins with fresh orange, cranberry, apple, juice.
Breakfast always features delicious homemade cinnamon rolls.
Breakfast always includes a hot entree.
Breakfast always includes fresh juice and hot coffee or tea.
Breakfast always includes homebaked breads and pastries.
Breakfast always includes hot cereal and there is always a pasta option at dinner.
Breakfast always includes seasonal fruit, juice, hot entr e, and meat.
Breakfast always seems to be at eight, at the earliest, and dinner at seven or eight here in Nome.
Breakfast often contains the least carbohydrate.
Breakfast sometimes includes other types of bread, jam and honey, fresh cream, butter, and hot milk.
Breakfast usually are large, including such foods as bacon and eggs.
Breakfast usually cereal, coffee, bread and jam and fruit.
Breakfast usually consists of bread and a hot drink.
Breakfast usually consists of cold cereal, juice, toast and milk.
Breakfast usually includes juice or fresh fruit.
All breakfasts are freshly cooked and a wide range of diets can be catered for.
All breakfasts are suitable to vegetarian diets.
All breakfasts come with juice or milk.
Any breakfast is better than no breakfast, just as some choices are better than others.
Every Breakfast includes fruit or juice and milk.
Every breakfast is a special event.
Most breakfasts are continental though some hosts do serve a full breakfast.
Most breakfasts are productions.
Most breakfasts consist of bacon.
Most breakfasts consist of bananas.
Most breakfasts consist of bread.
Most breakfasts consist of cereals.
Most breakfasts consist of coffee.
Most breakfasts contain food.
Most breakfasts feature an assortment of meats, cheeses, breads and fruits.
Most breakfasts provide energy.
Most breakfasts provide grain.
Most breakfasts provide vitamins.
Most breakfasts sell out during the preregistration period, so apply early and list alternates.
Most breakfasts sell out during the preregistration period, so apply early.
Some breakfast is absolutely crucial.
Some breakfasts are a heckuva lot better than others.
Some breakfasts boost energy.
Some breakfasts consist of bake goodies.
Some breakfasts consist of fruit.
Some breakfasts consist of goodies.
Some breakfasts consist of orange.
Some breakfasts consist of soup.
Some breakfasts have negative outcomes.
Some breakfasts have outcomes.
Some breakfasts help concentration.
Some breakfasts reduce intake.
Breaking are separatings.
Breakout cable is a form of tight tube cable.
A breakout is an escape
Breakout analyses for campus-based students and distance education students.
Breakout analyses guide for hatcheries.
Breakout boxes with twist-lock and edison outlets.
Breakout brings back the nostalgia of early video gaming days but adds today's challenges.
Breakout can give a good chance to go to the old highs.
Breakout is a new, occasional feature spotlighting emerging artists.
Breakout is a popular game for applet programmers.
Breakout is a two-decade old game design, but companies have been building off the idea for years.
Breakout is an addvanced form of pong.
Breakout is an event run by the fan development department.
Breakout is an extremely addictive variation on the old breakout game.
Breakout is buoyed by some of the same visual charm that made Pong fun to look at.
Breakout is usually to the downside.
Breakout is, for the most part, a one player version of Pong.
Breakout listings for topics, such as sports and business.
Breakout occurs when the price of a stock or level of an index passes the neckline.
Breakouts allow owners to compare apples to oranges.
Breakouts are video games.
Breakouts build activity diagram and identify framework, modules, and system responsibilities .
Breakouts now occur at the facility less than one percent of the time.
Breakouts take the form of an elongation of the borehole cross-section.
Breakpoint change brings giant leaps and crucial shifts in the rules that govern success.
Breakthrough drugs are by definition rare, ranging from one to three per year worldwide.
Breakthrough products enhance ability.
Most breakthrough products enhance ability.
A breakthrough is a discovery
Breakthrough isa cognition.
Breakthrough isa knowledge.
Breakthroughs are about to change the mundane chore of grocery shopping, too.
Breakthroughs are common.
Breakthroughs are discoveries.
Breakthroughs are events.
Breakthroughs are exciting.
Breakthroughs are improvements but in one giant leap - a step change.
Breakthroughs are more likely when diversity interacts with various supporting mechanisms.
Breakthroughs are often the result of action at the margin of reasonableness.
Breakthroughs are on the horizon for the medical management of allergies.
Breakthroughs are penetrations.
Breakthroughs come at unexpected times.
Breakthroughs come from a fresh perspective.
Breakthroughs continue to extend the quality and duration of life.
Breakthroughs happen every day.
Breakthroughs happen to people who take a positive attitude toward change.
Breakthroughs have to work the first time.
Breakthroughs lead to progress.
Breakthroughs occur on the margin.
Breakthroughs occur when people perceive a larger responsibility for their work.
Breakthroughs occur when theories are overturned, updated or replaced.
Breakthroughs take place .
Breakthroughs often occur as a result of fundamental investigations.
All breakthroughs are major.
Every breakthrough carries risk, and wireless is no exception.
Many breakthroughs are due to chance.
Many breakthroughs stem from previous work that spanned years, even decades.
More breakthroughs are surely in store.
Most breakthroughs lead to progress.
Most breakthroughs look like so much common sense in hindsight.
Some breakthroughs lead to mysterious outbreaks.
Some breakthroughs lead to outbreaks.
Some breakthroughs save life.
Breaktrough technology speeds healing to soft tissue injuries in performance horses.
A breakup is a conclusion
Breakup occurs for an absolute instability of the wavetrain selected by the spiral or the source.
Breakups are a legitimate form of grieving.
Breakups are a popular theme among students, but any topic is fair game.
Breakups are a struggle.
Breakups are devastating.
Breakups are explosive and painful.
Breakups are never funny.
Breakups are rife with irony.
Breakups are terrible, and the first few days are usually the worst.
Breakups are usually the worst.
Breakups can be for many reasons.
Breakups can be good for investors.
Breakups only account for a fraction of what women go through.
Most breakup is eliminated, and the color shifting associated with multipath is minimized.
Breakwater Beach is a popular spot for families.
A breakwater is a barrier
Breakwater has a passion for network security.
Breakwater is also active in developing mines in the Honduras, Canada and Peru.
Breakwater is the most popular dive spot in Northern California.
Breakwater maintains equipment on-site to test company environments prior to implementation.
Breakwaters are barriers.
Breakwaters are subject to damage, and overtopping in severe storms events.
Breakwaters can alter current patterns and sediment deposition.
Breakwaters catch sand but also prevent it from replenishing the beach further downdrift.
Breakwaters create safer harbours, but can also trap sediment moving along the coast.
Breakwaters have the added benefit of creating calm water for swimming.
A bream is a bony fish
Bream accept pellet fish food.
Bream are available in a number of stillwaters and canal systems in Scotland.
Bream are by nature wary creatures.
Bream are fair on crickets.
Bream are fair on nightcrawlers along the old levees.
Bream are fair on red wigglers and crickets in the shallows.
Bream are fair, using live worms.
Bream are hot and going for crickets and red worms.
Bream are slow.
Bream become less active and speckled enter the picture as days get shorter and cooler.
Bream continue to be good.
Bream offer a good summer fishery in creeks with woody cover and around weed beds.
Bream take crickets, worms, and artificial lures.
Bream tend to drop back into the bottom to the closest channel as each cold front passes.
Breams are freshwater fish.
Breams are saltwater fish.
All bream are axolotls.
All bream are catfish.
Breast abscesses are infrequent in nonlactating women.
Breast abscesses have variable appearances depending on the stage of inflammation.
Breast augmentation can increase one's bustline by one or more bra cup sizes.
Breast augmentation has one of the highest satisfaction rates of any cosmetic surgical procedure.
Breast augmentation is a cosmetic procedure that alters the size and shape of a woman's breasts.
Breast augmentation is a good operation.
Breast augmentation is a permanent enlargement.
Breast augmentation is a procedure to make the breasts larger, fuller and more youthful looking.
Breast augmentation is a relatively straightforward procedure.
Breast augmentation is a serious undertaking.
Breast augmentation is additional surgery.
Breast augmentation is an evolving special procedure.
Breast augmentation is another procedure associated with risks.
Breast augmentation is done as an outpatient procedure in the office under general anesthesia.
Breast augmentation is fairly safe, but no procedure is completely risk free.
Breast augmentation is mostly an outpatient procedure.
Breast augmentation is one of the most popular of all cosmetic procedures.
Breast augmentation is one of the most popular surgeries in the U.S. for many reasons.
Breast augmentation is performed to enlarge the breast size.
Breast augmentation is relatively straightforward but some risks are present.
Breast augmentation is the second most common cosmetic procedure.
Breast augmentation is the second most common procedure.
Breast augmentation is the second most popular of all cosmetic surgeries.
Breast augmentation is usually an outpatient procedure.
Breast augmentation using implants enlarges the breasts by one or more cup sizes.
Breast biopsy is used for confimation of diagnosis.
Breast bondage is good.
Breast bone is level with the point of the shoulder.
Breast bones connect muscles.
Breast bones support muscles.
Most breast bones connect muscles.
Breast cancer patients receive radiation therapy.
Breast cancer patients receive therapy.
Breast cancer survivors benefit from diets.
Breast cancer survivors benefit from healthy diets.
Breast cancer survivors eat food.
Breast cancer survivors eat soy food.
Breast cancer accounts for about one-third of all cancer in American women, and is on the increase.
Breast cancer accounts for one out of every three cancer diagnoses in the United States.
Breast cancer accounts for the greatest number of new cases of cancer in Saskatchewan women.
Breast cancer affecting elderly women is a major health problem.
Breast cancer affects a small percentage of men.
Breast cancer affects all women differently.
Breast cancer affects more than one in eight women.
Breast cancer affects one in eight women.
Breast cancer affects persons of any race, age, or religion.
Breast cancer affects the lives of families every day.
Breast cancer appears as a dense area within the mammogram.
Breast cancer appears as a stellate, hard tumor which infiltrates the surrounding breast tissue.
Breast cancer appears more likely to occur in women whose diet is high in fat.
Breast cancer appears to be more frequently in women whose diet is very high in fat.
Breast cancer appears to be more likely to develop in women whose diet is very high in fat .
Breast cancer appears to progress differently in women of color than in white women.
Breast cancer arises from estrogen-responsive breast epithelial cells.
Breast cancer arises over many years.
Breast cancer becomes more common with increasing age.
Breast cancer begins as changes in some of the cells in the breast.
Breast cancer begins in the breast .
Breast cancer begins in the breast tissue.
Breast cancer begins in the breast.
Breast cancer begins in the tissues that make up the breast.
Breast cancer can affect men as well as women.
Breast cancer can also affect men, but to a lesser degree.
Breast cancer can also cause a yellow, bloody, or clear discharge from the nipple.
Breast cancer can also occur in men, although it is rare.
Breast cancer can also occur in men.
Breast cancer can be a confusing and overwhelming disease.
Breast cancer can be a tremendous challenge in a woman's life.
Breast cancer can be very frightening and confusing.
Breast cancer can be very hard to see on a mammogram.
Breast cancer can become a condition women can live with rather than a life-threatening one.
Breast cancer can develop in one of several different breast areas.
Breast cancer can happen to women with disabilities.
Breast cancer can metastasize via the blood or via the lymphatic system.
Breast cancer can occasionally present as an inflammatory mass.
Breast cancer can occur at any age but becomes more common as a woman gets older.
Breast cancer can occur at ANY age but becomes more common as a woman gets older.
Breast cancer can occur at any age, but it becomes more common as a woman gets older.
Breast cancer can occur at any age, but it is far more common in older women than younger women.
Breast cancer can occur at any time.
Breast cancer can occur in any woman at any age but is most common in older women.
Breast cancer can occur without any warning signs.
Breast cancer can recur any time.
Breast cancer can recur anytime.
Breast cancer can spread to almost any area of the body.
Breast cancer can spread to bones and cause complications, such as fractures , etc.
Breast cancer can strike any woman.
Breast cancer can strike anyone at anytime.
Breast cancer can strike at any age.
Breast cancer can take a number of forms.
Breast cancer causes the second highest number of deaths in women, after lung cancer.
Breast cancer changes a woman's life.
Breast cancer chooses no favourites.
Breast cancer continues to afflict women of all ages in frightening numbers.
Breast cancer continues to be a disease that disproportionately strikes older women.
Breast cancer continues to be a significant public health problem.
Breast cancer continues to be the most diagnosed cancer in U.S. and Canadian women.
Breast cancer continues to impact women and their families at an alarming rate.
Breast cancer develops in the milk ducts.
Breast cancer develops through a series of changes in the cells lining the ducts or the lobules.
Breast cancer does cause symptoms if it returns.
Breast cancer does respond to treatment.
Breast cancer effects everyone.
Breast cancer evolves through a series of stages.
Breast cancer facts Breast cancer is the number one cause of cancer deaths in women today.
Breast cancer fears.
Breast cancer feels different than the breast tissue of gynecomastia.
Breast cancer goes to the bones first, because the mold of breast cancer feeds on calcium.
Breast cancer grows rather slowly.
Breast cancer happens only in older women.
Breast cancer has a high cure rate if detected and treated when the tumor is small.
Breast cancer has a survival rate that is increasing.
Breast cancer has characteristics.
Breast cancer has few physical signs.
Breast cancer has four stages.
Breast cancer has no boundaries.
Breast cancer has strong genetic components as well as environmental components.
Breast cancer has the potential to spread to almost any region of the body.
Breast cancer increases initiation of angiogenesis without accelerating neovessel growth rate.
Breast cancer increases with age.
Breast cancer involves malignant tumors.
Breast cancer is a big problem, but luckily, the public is aware of it.
Breast cancer is a cancerous tumor that develops in the breast.
Breast cancer is a case in point where self-diagnosis produces the optimal outcome.
Breast cancer is a case in point.
Breast cancer is a common disease, affecting one in nine women during their lifetime.
Breast cancer is a common disease, so it can happen within a family in that way.
Breast cancer is a common disease.
Breast cancer is a common type of cancer among woman.
Breast cancer is a complex disease.
Breast cancer is a condition marked by the growth of abnormal cells in glandular breast tissue.
Breast cancer is a cultural disease.
Breast cancer is a deadly disease.
Breast cancer is a devastating illness striking women often in the prime of life.
Breast cancer is a disease in which cancer cells are found in breast tissue.
Breast cancer is a disease that affects women of all ages.
Breast cancer is a disease that can be considered gender-specific .
Breast cancer is a disease that knows no ethnic, socioeconomic, age, gender or cultural boundaries.
Breast cancer is a disease where a mutant cell in the breast forms a tumor.
Breast cancer is a disease with a very long memory.
Breast cancer is a family issue.
Breast cancer is a form of cancer that begins in the breast tissue.
Breast cancer is a frightening disease and even a tiny increased relative risk is important.
Breast cancer is a good example.
Breast cancer is a leading cause of cancer death for African-American women.
Breast cancer is a leading cause of death among women.
Breast cancer is a leading cause of death for women.
Breast cancer is a leading concern of women, and therefore it has a prominent place in our media.
Breast cancer is a leading killer of women in the United States and around the world.
Breast cancer is a little bit hard.
Breast cancer is a long, drawn-out thing.
Breast cancer is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in elderly women.
Breast cancer is a major health concern of women, dogs and cats.
Breast cancer is a major health problem with incidence increasing with age.
Breast cancer is a malignancy of breast cells that manifests itself in uncontrolled tumor growth.
Breast cancer is a malignant form of cancer that develops in breast tissue.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that develops from breast cells.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that develops from the cells of the breast.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that has developed from cells at that site.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that has developed from cells of the breast.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumour that develops from cells in the breast.
Breast cancer is a malignant tumour which starts in breast tissue.
Breast cancer is a problem of pressing national importance.
Breast cancer is a problem.
Breast cancer is a public health problem.
Breast cancer is a really difficult thing to study.
Breast cancer is a scary beast.
Breast cancer is a specific cancer that occurs in one in eight women.
Breast cancer is a survival, treatable disease.
Breast cancer is a terrible struggle for women.
Breast cancer is a threat to every woman.
Breast cancer is a treatable disease.
Breast cancer is a tumor that can have serious consequences.
Breast cancer is a type of adenocarcinoma.
Breast cancer is a very complex disease caused by changes or mutations in many different genes.
Breast cancer is a very complicated disease.
Breast cancer is a very treatable disease.
Breast cancer is abnormal cell growth originating in glandular breast tissue.
Breast cancer is abnormal cell growth that originates in the breast tissue.
Breast cancer is almost equal to myocardial infarction in litigation prevalence.
Breast cancer is almost totally curable when detected early.
Breast cancer is also a disease replete with mythology.
Breast cancer is also an area of intense interest for alternative treatments.
Breast cancer is also less common in certain parts of the world, and among certain ethnic groups.
Breast cancer is also the leading form of cancer diagnosed in New Hampshire.
Breast cancer is always fatal.
Breast cancer is among the conditions being studied.
Breast cancer is among the most treatable cancers if detected early.
Breast cancer is among the most treatable of solid tumors.
Breast cancer is among the most treated of all cancers.
Breast cancer is an abnormal cell growth originating in glandular tissue.
Breast cancer is an abnormal growth of cells that lines the ducts and the lobules.
Breast cancer is an epidemic and is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women today.
Breast cancer is an epidemic.
Breast cancer is an example.
Breast cancer is an excellent example of how the benefit of education works.
Breast cancer is an important health problem in New Zealand.
Breast cancer is an increasingly prevalent killer in the United States.
Breast cancer is an incredibly common disease, and in fact, is an epidemic.
Breast cancer is an indiscriminate killer.
Breast cancer is an issue that touches so many of our customers, as well as our employees.
Breast cancer is an oestrogen-dependent cancer.
Breast cancer is an uncontrolled growth of breast cells.
Breast cancer is another common cancer.
Breast cancer is another key indicator of contaminants in the workplace.
Breast cancer is as seen the most common form of cancer among Finnish women.
Breast cancer is associated with high socioeconomic status.
Breast cancer is asymptomatic for years.
Breast cancer is believed to originate in undifferentiated or primitive cells.
Breast cancer is by far the most common type of cancer among women.
Breast cancer is cancer.
Breast cancer is carcinoma
Breast cancer is carcinoma.
Breast cancer is caused by excess estrogen, the female sex hormone.
Breast cancer is caused by several environmental and genetic factors.
Breast cancer is certainly more than one disease.
Breast cancer is classified into several types, listed below.
Breast cancer is common and on the increase.
Breast cancer is common.
Breast cancer is confirmed by biopsy .
Breast cancer is considered a woman's disease, but men can also develop breast cancer.
Breast cancer is contagious.
Breast cancer is curable if detected and dealt with early.
Breast cancer is curable.
Breast cancer is currently the most common cancer in women.
Breast cancer is currently the second leading cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is discussed.
Breast cancer is diseases.
Breast cancer is everywhere.
Breast cancer is far the most frequently diagnosed neoplasm in women.
Breast cancer is fatal if left untreated.
Breast cancer is frequently hormone independent.
Breast cancer is hereditary.
Breast cancer is highly curable for women who are diagnosed early.
Breast cancer is hormonally based.
Breast cancer is hormone-dependent.
Breast cancer is influenced by estrogens, and exercise appears to affect levels of sex hormones.
Breast cancer is just one of the many physical effects.
Breast cancer is known to be affected by the hormone.
Breast cancer is less common in younger women, but it is more likely to be aggressive.
Breast cancer is more common among older women.
Breast cancer is more common in middle-aged and older women.
Breast cancer is more common in women, although it can also develop in men.
Breast cancer is more common than ovarian cancer.
Breast cancer is more prevalent in older age groups.
Breast cancer is more prevalent in women eating high fat, low fibre diets.
Breast cancer is most common in older women.
Breast cancer is most common type of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is most likely to spread to the liver, lungs and bones.
Breast cancer is never past tense.
Breast cancer is no different.
Breast cancer is no laughing matter.
Breast cancer is no longer a death sentence, but a life sentence.
Breast cancer is no longer a disease that is hushed.
Breast cancer is no longer a secret.
Breast cancer is now epidemic.
Breast cancer is now the leading cause of cancer among Brazilian women.
Breast cancer is often called the disease women fear most.
Breast cancer is on every woman's mind, and all women are at risk.
Breast cancer is on the increase because of environmental pollution.
Breast cancer is on the rise in California.
Breast cancer is on the rise.
Breast cancer is one example, women's golf is another example.
Breast cancer is one of the important cancers for which obesity is a risk factor.
Breast cancer is one of the largest leading killers in women today.
Breast cancer is one of the leading cancer killers of women.
Breast cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death in women.
Breast cancer is one of the leading health risks for women.
Breast cancer is one of the leading killers of women in the United States.
Breast cancer is one of the more curable forms of cancer if it is caught early.
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers among women in industrialized countries.
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers in women.
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers of women.
Breast cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in women in the United States.
Breast cancer is one of the most common malignancies among women.
Breast cancer is one of the most common malignancies in females.
Breast cancer is one of the most dynamic areas of oncologic research.
Breast cancer is one of the most feared and serious diseases affecting women.
Breast cancer is one of the most feared and serious diseases that affects women.
Breast cancer is one of the most feared diseases among women.
Breast cancer is one of the most poorly understood malignancies.
Breast cancer is one of the most terrifying and devastating experiences for a woman.
Breast cancer is one of the most treatable and easily controlled types of cancer there is.
Breast cancer is one of the primary causes of premature female mortality in both countries.
Breast cancer is one of the top five causes of death for women.
Breast cancer is one topic that manages to catch all of our attention.
Breast cancer is one which comes immediately to mind.
Breast cancer is present as a spectrum of neoplasms.
Breast cancer is preventable.
Breast cancer is primarily a disease of older women.
Breast cancer is primarily a women's disease.
Breast cancer is probably the disease most feared by Canadian women.
Breast cancer is rare in pediatrics and adolescents.
Breast cancer is rare in young women.
Breast cancer is real.
Breast cancer is related to calcifications in the breast.
Breast cancer is second only to lung cancer as a cause of cancer death among women.
Breast cancer is second only to lung cancer as the leading cause of death in women.
Breast cancer is second only to lung cancer as the most common cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is second only to lung cancer in cancer-related deaths.
Breast cancer is spooky.
Breast cancer is staged according to size of the tumor, and lymph nodes and other organ involvement.
Breast cancer is still the most common cancer among women, excluding skin cancers.
Breast cancer is still the most common type of cancer diagnosed in women living in North America.
Breast cancer is th leading cause of cancer deaths among African American women.
Breast cancer is the biggest killer of women in Australia today.
Breast cancer is the commonest cancer among ethnic minority groups.
Breast cancer is the commonest cancer among women.
Breast cancer is the development of abnormal cells in the breast.
Breast cancer is the development of abnormal cells within the breast tissue.
Breast cancer is the first.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer among women in Singapore today.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer diagnosed among Pennsylvanian women.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer diagnosed in Pennsylvania women.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer diagnosed in women in America.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer diagnosed in women today.
Breast cancer is the leading cancer diagnosed in women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death for African American women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death for African-American women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among Canadian women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths for women in their forties to midfifties.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in Illinois women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer in women, and represents a major health problem.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of death among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of death among women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of death for African-American women.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of death for women in their thirties and forties.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of death for women.
Breast cancer is the leading malignancy in Serbia.
Breast cancer is THE leading type of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among African American women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women and the second most deadly.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women of all ages.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, accounting for one in three cancers diagnosed.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, affecting one in eight females.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, excluding skin cancers.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, other than skin cancer.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed among women in the metro Detroit area.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in Black American women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in women in Canada.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in women today.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer diagnosis in women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer for women in British Columbia.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer found in women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in African American women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in African-American women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in American women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in Australian women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in European women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in Hispanic women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women in many developed countries.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women worldwide.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, aside from non-melanoma skin cancers.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, aside from skin cancer.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, other than skin cancer.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer, and the second leading cause of cancer death, in women.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer.
Breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer among women.
Breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer death in Australian women.
Breast cancer is the most common cause of death from cancer in Australian women.
Breast cancer is the most common cause of death from cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer among American women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer among women, excluding skin cancers.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer and the leading cause of death in American women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in American women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in woman in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women in industrialized countries.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women in Maryland and in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer on women, so it is worth attention and discussion.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer to strike American women.
Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer to strike women in Canada.
Breast cancer is the most common form of malignant tumors affecting women throughout the world.
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common malignant cancer of women in the western world.
Breast cancer is the most common neoplasm in women, with an increase in incidence with age.
Breast cancer is the most common occurring cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer among American women.
Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in North American women.
Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among American women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among Canadian women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among U.S. women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in American women today.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in American women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women in America and worldwide.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women next to skin cancer.
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly occurring cancer among women in Israel.
Breast cancer is the most commonly occurring cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly occurring female cancer.
Breast cancer is the most commonly occurring form of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the most commonly seen malignancy in women in developed countries.
Breast cancer is the most frequent cancer striking women worldwide.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer among Canadian women.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer in America.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed malignancy in the United States.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed non-skin cancer in American women.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed-cancer for North American women.
Breast cancer is the most frequently occurring cancer in American women.
Breast cancer is the most frequently reported cancer.
Breast cancer is the most important differential diagnosis.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer among women.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent malignancy.
Breast cancer is the most significant health and death threat to women.
Breast cancer is the number one cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the number one cancer incidence site in women regardless of race or ethnicity.
Breast cancer is the number one diagnosis for which stem cell transplant is performed today.
Breast cancer is the number one type of cancer diagnosed in intact or un-spayed female cats.
Breast cancer is the number two cause of cancer related deaths in women.
Breast cancer is the predominant type of cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the primary diagnosis, followed by fibrocystic mastopathy, fat necrosis, and cyst.
Breast cancer is the primary second leading cause of cancer deaths in women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cancer killer of women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death for all women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in American women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in Canada after lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women, after lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women, exceeded only by lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women, exceeding lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women, second only to lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among American women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in American women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer in women, surpassed only by lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related death in women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of death among women in the United States.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of death by cancer among American women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of death for women in Missouri.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of death from cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of death in women.
Breast cancer is the second major cause of cancer death among women.
Breast cancer is the second major cause of death among women.
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer among women, second to skin cancer.
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer to strike women.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death for women.
Breast cancer is the second most common form of cancer in women, after skin cancers.
Breast cancer is the second most deadly cancer for women.
Breast cancer is the second-deadliest cancer in women.
Breast cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death among women behind lung cancer.
Breast cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in American women.
Breast cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in women.
Breast cancer is the third leading cause of death in women.
Breast cancer is the third most common cancer in the world.
Breast cancer is the third most common cancer world-wide.
Breast cancer is treatable but early detection is important for successful outcome.
Breast cancer is treatable.
Breast cancer is uncommon in pregnancy but it does occur.
Breast cancer is unique in many ways.
Breast cancer is up, but only very slightly.
Breast cancer is usually curable if it is found and treated early enough.
Breast cancer is very complicated and affects different people in different ways.
Breast cancer is very rare in males.
Breast cancer is very similar.
Breast cancer is very uncommon in teenage years.
Breast cancer kills more women in Britain than any other type of cancer.
Breast cancer kills thousands of women a year.
Breast cancer kills thousands of women.
Breast cancer kills.
Breast cancer knows no boundaries of races for attacking women with the disease.
Breast cancer knows no boundaries.
Breast cancer lumps usually aren t painful.
Breast cancer metastases masquerading as primary gastric carcinoma.
Breast cancer occurs among both women and men, but is quite rare among men.
Breast cancer occurs in adults.
Breast cancer occurs in all kinds of women.
Breast cancer occurs in both sporadic and inherited forms.
Breast cancer occurs in females in four generations.
Breast cancer occurs in men also, but the number of new cases is small.
Breast cancer occurs in men as well as women, but is much less common.
Breast cancer occurs in men as well as women, but is much more common in women.
Breast cancer occurs in one out of every nine women.
Breast cancer occurs in young adults.
Breast cancer occurs primarily in females but is also common enough in men.
Breast cancer occurs when abnormal cells in the breast tissue grow out of control.
Breast cancer occurs when breast cells become abnormal and divide without control or order.
Breast cancer occurs when cells in the breast become abnormal and grow out of control.
Breast cancer occurs when there is a change in the way cells grow in the breast.
Breast cancer overwhelms their lives, destroying all that is known and comfortable.
Breast cancer poses significant risks.
Breast cancer predates antiperspirants by many centuries.
Breast cancer ranks second after lung cancer as a cause of cancer deaths among women.
Breast cancer ranks second among cancer deaths in women, after lung cancer.
Breast cancer ranks second among cancer deaths in women.
Breast cancer ranks second only to lung cancer in terms of cancer deaths among women.
Breast cancer remains the leading cause of cancer-related death in women today.
Breast cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer death for all American women.
Breast cancer results from a complex interaction of genetic and environmental factors.
Breast cancer results from malignant tumors which invade and destroy normal tissue.
Breast cancer risks in relatives of male breast cancer patients.
Breast cancer runs in our family.
Breast cancer runs in the family of women.
Breast cancer screening among Cambodian American women lags behind the general U.S. population.
Breast cancer screening in all organized programs includes a bilateral two-view screening mammogram.
Breast cancer screening in all organized programs includes a two view screening mammogram.
Breast cancer seems to be associated with a lifetime accumulation of estrogen.
Breast cancer spreads most often to the bone, liver, lungs or brain.
Breast cancer starts as a tiny, unusual growth inside the body.
Breast cancer starts from the mutation of a single cell in the breast.
Breast cancer strikes both women and men, but mostly women.
Breast cancer strikes indiscriminately, heedless of race, religion, nationality or social status.
Breast cancer strikes one in eight women.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every eight American women.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every eight or nine women.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every nine American women.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every nine women in Canada.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every ten American women.
Breast cancer strikes regardless of age.
Breast cancer strikes without regard to age, race or gender.
Breast cancer tends to be quite aggressive in younger women.
Breast cancer tends to strike women earlier than osteoporosis or heart disease.
Breast cancer threatens women of every race, every color and every age.
Breast cancer touches all types of people all over the world each day.
Breast cancer touches almost every American family in some way.
Breast cancer touches so many people.
Breast cancer touches the lives of both women and men.
Breast cancer touches the lives of thousands of women and families in the United States each year.
Breast cancers appear as a lump on the breast, but there are many different types of breast lump.
Breast cancers are almost always painless.
Breast cancers are more often irregular in shape.
Breast cancers are usually hard on palpation.
Breast cancers are usually painless.
Breast cancers arise from cells that line the milk ducts.
Breast cancers can also have very different growth rates and tendencies to spread.
Breast cancers can also vary quite dramatically in their growth rate and propensity to spread.
Breast cancers can spread to the lymph nodes, lungs, liver, bone and brain.
Breast cancers have a decreased ability to undergo cell death.
Breast cancers have the same clinical characteristics in elderly women as in younger women.
All breast cancers originate in the layer of cells that line the milk ducts.
Many breast cancers are curable through a variety of treatments.
Many breast cancers are estrogen dependent.
Many breast cancers are hormone dependent very similar to prostate cancer.
Many breast cancers contain estrogen receptors within their cells.
Many breast cancers depend on the female hormone estrogen to stimulate their growth.
Many breast cancers rely on supplies of the hormone oestrogen to grow.
Many breast cancers rely on the presence of estrogen to continue growing.
Most breast cancer has characteristics.
Most breast cancer is curable if diagnosed and treated early.
Most breast cancer is detected at a late stage.
Most breast cancer is found by women themselves while doing breast self-exams.
Most breast cancer occurs in adults.
Most breast cancer occurs in women with no family history.
Most breast cancer occurs in young adults.
Most breast cancer starts out in the duct of the breast.
Most breast cancers arise from the ducts, or more specifically, the terminal ductal lobular unit .
Most breast cancers begin in the milk ducts.
Most breast cancers depend on estrogen for growth.
Most breast cancers depend on estrogen for their growth.
Most breast cancers form in the milk ducts or lobes of the breast.
Most breast cancers have estrogen receptors on the cell surface.
Most breast cancers have moderate or poor differentiation.
Most breast cancers occur centrally and laterally in the breasts.
Most breast cancers occur in the upper outer area of the breast.
Most breast cancers start out in the milk ducts.
Some breast cancer affects men.
Some breast cancer occurs in women.
Some breast cancer spreads to bones.
Some breast cancer spreads to livers.
Some breast cancers get their names from the cells of the breast that turned into cancer.
Some breast cancers occur in families and are probably hereditary .
Breast carcinoma appears as a white, stellate tumor which is hard to palpation.
Breast care including self-exam, clinical exam and mammography is presented.
Breast care is provided for women by women .
Breast changes are also common in early pregnancy.
Breast changes are common.
Breast changes are one of the earliest signs of pregnancy.
Breast changes occur slowly in the year or so following weaning.
Many breast changes occur during pregnancy.
Breast cysts are benign.
Breast cysts are fluid filled sacs which occur in the breast of premenopausal women.
Breast cysts are generally benign.
Breast cysts are harmless and very common.
Breast cysts are related to several things.
Breast cysts contain fluid.
Most breast cysts contain fluid.
Breast development continues for several years.
Breast development is a vital part of reproduction in the human female.
Breast development is influenced by the sex hormone estrogen.
Breast development is one of the earliest signs of puberty.
Breast development is the most reliable milestone used to mark the beginning of puberty.
Breast development is usually the first noticeable sign of puberty in girls.
Breast development is usually the first sign that a girl has entered puberty.
Breast development occurs A. during fetal development only in the female.
Breast development occurs because testes also secrete estrogen.
Any breast development is also a sign of estrogen therapy.
Breast disease can occur independently of breast implants.
Breast disease is an important area of understanding for all residents.
Breast disease is reviewed by small group discussion, lecture, and laboratories.
Breast engorgement increases the risk of infection.
Breast enhancement is one of the more common operations carried out by cosmetic surgeons.
Breast enlargement Enhances the size of breasts using implants filled with saline.
Breast enlargement has a number of causes.
Breast enlargement is one of the potential risks.
Breast examination helps detect cancer at an earlier and more curable stage.
Breast expansion takes place during weekly visits to the office.
Breast feathers have tips.
Breast feed babies enjoy moms.
Breast feeding activates the child's immune system.
Breast feeding appears to be safe as long as no open wounds are found around the areola.
Breast feeding can be a very simple and satisfactory way to feed an infant.
Breast feeding can be successful given the right strategies.
Breast feeding can continue during an episode of gastroenteritis.
Breast feeding can continue without stopping during teething.
Breast feeding can delay ovulation.
Breast feeding can end up being difficult for a mother and also for the baby at first.
Breast feeding can help a baby fight off infections, and is thought to aid brain development.
Breast feeding can resume after treatment is completed and the woman becomes symptom-free.
Breast feeding causes no physical discomfort or pain and no health or life risk to the mother.
Breast feeding creates a different growth rate.
Breast feeding Feeding with breast milk is associated with neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Breast feeding goes down for the higher educated sector.
Breast feeding goes on as long as the child wants it.
Breast feeding has a feedback mechanism that can prevent ovulation.
Breast feeding has some practical advantages too.
Breast feeding helps the baby to fight against various infections.
Breast feeding helps to protect babies from getting ear infections.
Breast feeding helps to protect women against breast and ovarian cancer, anemia and osteoporosis.
Breast feeding is . . .
Breast feeding is a natural process, but it still requires patience and practice.
Breast feeding is a risk.
Breast feeding is a sacred act.
Breast feeding is acceptable in all social situations, even a busy marketplace.
Breast feeding is also good for the mother.
Breast feeding is associated with a decreased risk of breast cancer.
Breast feeding is associated with a lower incidence of recurrent ear infections in infants.
Breast feeding is associated with reduced risk of heart disease in adult life.
Breast feeding is better than bottle feeding for babies.
Breast feeding is considered safe.
Breast feeding is considered to be the best method for feeding babies.
Breast feeding is contraindicated because the drugs are excreted in milk.
Breast feeding is cost effective.
Breast feeding is important.
Breast feeding is infant feeding
Breast feeding is initiated in the second or third day of life when the mother's milk comes in.
Breast feeding is more nurturing and better developmentally for the child.
Breast feeding is natural.
Breast feeding is okay.
Breast feeding is one of the duties of motherhood.
Breast feeding is recommended for the entire first year of a baby's life.
Breast feeding is still to be encouraged, and is the best way to get nutrients to the baby.
Breast feeding is the best way of feeding infants and can help prevent allergies.
Breast feeding is the most healthy option for both mother and baby.
Breast feeding is thought to help prevent allergies.
Breast feeding makes forbidden what blood relations make forbidden.
Breast feeding provides the perfect food for babies.
Breast feeding reduces the risk of asthma.
Breast feeding requires increased maternal calorie intake and fluid intake.
Breast fullness occurs within a few days after the baby's birth.
Breast growth serves purposes.
Most breast growth serves purposes.
Some breast growth occurs in women.
Breast health is a specialty at our center.
Breast health is an important part of every woman's personal health care program.
Breast health is every woman's concern.
Breast height is a convention with a long history of use within forestry practice.
Breast hypertrophy is temporary, but a common concern among new parents.
Breast imaging is a specialized field in radiology that studies the breast.
A breast implant is an implant
Breast implants are available in a round or teardrop shape, with a smooth or textured surface.
Breast implants are implants.
Breast implants are in fact neither dull nor silly.
Breast implants are still dirty.
Breast implants are too dangerous for jogging.
Breast implants are what makes it popular.
Breast implants can make it difficult for women to detect lumps during monthly self-exams.
Breast implants can pose some difficulty in breast imaging.
Breast implants cause arthritis.
Breast implants do carry risks, as do all foreign substances that are placed inside the body.
Breast implants filled with saline remain available, although they faced new safety tests also.
Breast implants have an extremely high rupture rate, and are thus defective.
Breast implants raise more safety issues.
All breast implants are subject to device tracking according to federal law.
Breast infections are almost always a sign of too little rest.
Many breast infections result from an exhausted mother.
Breast Lift can help re-shape and raise sagging breasts.
Breast lift combined with implant surgery can enlarge as well as firm sagging breasts.
Breast lift is additional surgery.
Breast lift is enjoyed by many women, and in the proper patient, is a very gratifying procedure.
Breast lumps are a problem for which women commonly consult family physicians.
Breast lumps are extremely susceptible to emotional disturbance.
Breast lumps are very common in women.
Breast lumps can occur in women of any age, but are more common in middle age.
Breast lumps disappear . . .
Breast lumps occur in both men and women.
All breast lumps are cancerous.
Most breast lumps are noncancerous tumors such as fibroadenomas or cysts.
Most breast lumps are, in fact, benign.
Some breast lumps can be cancerous.
Breast meat has lower fat in chicken or turkey.
Breast meat is mixed.
Breast meat is one objective most likely to be affected.
Breast milk appears to be a baby's first brain food.
Breast milk appears to have high concentrations of such chemicals.
Breast milk can also discourage tooth decay from improper brushing after meals.
Breast milk can provide protection from some infections that can trigger sudden death in infants.
Breast milk can transmit certain immune properties from mother to baby.
Breast milk causes cancer cells to undergo apoptosis.
Breast milk changes throughout a feeding.
Breast milk concentrates several drugs including most of the benzodiazepines.
Breast milk contains a number of components to help protect the infant from pathogens.
Breast milk contains adequate iron.
Breast milk contains all the nutrients needed for growth and development.
Breast milk contains all the nutrients needed to grow and develop.
Breast milk contains all the vitamins an infant needs for good health.
Breast milk contains antibodies that diminish the incident of respiratory infections.
Breast milk contains antibodies that help fight infections.
Breast milk contains antibodies that help to protect a baby from disease.
Breast milk contains appropriate amounts of carbohydrate , protein , and fat .
Breast milk contains chemicals call suppressor peptides.
Breast milk contains fat and manmade chemicals.
Breast milk contains fat and protein in the right quantities and in a form that is easily digested.
Breast milk contains fat-soluble pesticides and other pollutants.
Breast milk contains high levels of fat.
Breast milk contains immune properties that protect the infant against many illnesses.
Breast milk contains immunoglobulins, enzymes, immune factors, and white blood cells.
Breast milk contains infection-fighting antibodies that pass from mother to child.
Breast milk contains large amounts of lactose, which is a carbohydrate.
Breast milk contains live antibodies that kill bacteria.
Breast milk contains live cells and lysozomes which protect against infections.
Breast milk contains many more nutrients than formula.
Breast milk contains substances that promote nervous system development and brain growth.
Breast milk contains substances.
Breast milk contains the perfect blend of nutrients .
Breast milk contains the perfect blend of nutrients.
Breast milk contains the vitamins and minerals that a newborn requires.
Breast milk contains vitamins, and most formulas are fortified with vitamins.
Breast milk contains vitamins, minerals and enzymes, which aid the baby's digestion.
Breast milk continues to supply some protective value as long as it is available.
Breast milk contributes to cognitive development.
Breast milk contributes to development.
Breast milk costs nothing.
Breast milk decreases the occurrence of respiratory and gastrointestinal infections.
Breast milk has a greater percentage of unsaturated fat as well.
Breast milk has a low solute load and is a drink as well as a food.
Breast milk has incredible qualities.
Breast milk has many advantages over formula.
Breast milk has so many benefits.
Breast milk has special properties which strengthen a baby's immune system.
Breast milk has the right nutrition for a growing brain.
Breast milk has the right temperature.
Breast milk has too many benefits to ignore.
Breast milk helps pass meconium.
Breast milk helps to heal diaper rash and even poison ivy.
Breast milk helps to protect the baby against diarrhoea, coughs and colds, and common illnesses.
Breast milk immunizes a baby from many diseases.
Breast milk is a cost-effective form of infant nutrition.
Breast milk is a natural cream and is encouraged as a coating for sore, cracked nipples.
Breast milk is a naturally-renewable resource that requires no packaging, shipping, or disposal.
Breast milk is a negligible source of dioxin for infants.
Breast milk is a perfect and complete food for an infant.
Breast milk is a substance that is uniquely formulated to meet an infant's growth requirements.
Breast milk is a valuable, unlimited natural resource.
Breast milk is all a baby needs for the first months of life.
Breast milk is all the food and water a baby needs for the first six months of life.
Breast milk is also an important source for babies.
Breast milk is also easier to digest than commercial formulas.
Breast milk is also inexpensive and served at the perfect temperature.
Breast milk is also less expensive than formula.
Breast milk is also more economical.
Breast milk is always available at the right temperature.
Breast milk is always ready and at the right temperature.
Breast milk is always ready and comes in a nicer package than formula does.
Breast milk is always the right temperature when the infant sucks it directly from the breast.
Breast milk is an amazing food that leaves very little in the way of waste.
Breast milk is an ideal medium for assessing exposures to POPs.
Breast milk is an important factor in promoting the best possible development of babies.
Breast milk is an incredible substance.
Breast milk is believed to aid in brain development.
Breast milk is best for babies except where special medical conditions exist.
Breast milk is best for babies.
Breast milk is best for baby.
Breast milk is best for infants.
Breast milk is best, offer ONLY breast milk or iron-fortified formula.
Breast milk is best.
Breast milk is better than even the best infant formulas.
Breast milk is brain food.
Breast milk is considered babies' perfect food.
Breast milk is considered to be the best food for young babies.
Breast milk is consumed at a time when humans are growing most rapidly.
Breast milk is consumed by infants.
Breast milk is convenient, easily digested and best for the baby.
Breast milk is designed for a human baby's sensitive and still-developing digestive system.
Breast milk is digested more rapidly than cow's milk formula.
Breast milk is digested rapidly and baby's tummy empties quickly.
Breast milk is easier to digest than prepared formulas.
Breast milk is easy for infants to digest.
Breast milk is easy to digest and absorb, causing less colic.
Breast milk is easy to digest, never constipating.
Breast milk is especially good for the growth and development of a premature or small baby .
Breast milk is far superior to formula and nature s perfect food for baby.
Breast milk is filled with proteins that help babies fight off all sorts of infections as they grow.
Breast milk is for growing infants.
Breast milk is free and offers emotional and medical benefits along with nutrition.
Breast milk is free, the right temperature, and always ready.
Breast milk is free.
Breast milk is governed by hormones.
Breast milk is high in sugar and the fats needed for myelinating neurons.
Breast milk is ideal for premature infants.
Breast milk is important because many drugs are excreted in it.
Breast milk is inexpensive.
Breast milk is known to be the first line of immunization defense.
Breast milk is light, and digested very comfortably.
Breast milk is low in cost.
Breast milk is low in fat and protein so is low in substainability.
Breast milk is low in iron, but the iron is well-absorbed by the child's body.
Breast milk is lower in phenylalanine than most regular infant formulas.
Breast milk is made especially for babies.
Breast milk is more compatible with the baby s stomach.
Breast milk is more digestible than formula.
Breast milk is much less expensive than bottle milk and better for baby and mother.
Breast milk is nature's perfect food for babies.
Breast milk is nature's true hypoallergenic food.
Breast milk is never too rich or too weak.
Breast milk is one of nature's most perfect foods.
Breast milk is polluted, says one report.
Breast milk is preferable to formula for several reasons.
Breast milk is preferred.
Breast milk is produced in just the necessary amount.
Breast milk is produced in the lobes and is carried to the nipple via thin tubes called ducts.
Breast milk is rich in nutrients.
Breast milk is still a better choice than formula.
Breast milk is still best for young babies but scientists are now questioning for how long.
Breast milk is still good food.
Breast milk is superior, there can be no debate.
Breast milk is sweet.
Breast milk is the best food for babies.
Breast milk is the best food for the baby.
Breast milk is the best for babies.
Breast milk is the best option.
Breast milk is the best source of nutrition for an infant.
Breast milk is the best source of nutrition for the first six months of life.
Breast milk is the food of choice for infants.
Breast milk is the ideal food to promote growth and to protect against infection in young infants.
Breast milk is the ideal nutrition for a newborn.
Breast milk is the ideal way to feed a baby.
Breast milk is the main nutrition source for babies there.
Breast milk is the most complete, easily digested, convenient, and economical source of nourishment.
Breast milk is the most natural and nurturing food for newborns.
Breast milk is the most natural food available for a child.
Breast milk is the next best source, with half the available zinc being absorbed.
Breast milk is the only food recommended for the first four to six months of an infant's life.
Breast milk is the only milk with ingredients which specifically stimulate human brain development.
Breast milk is the only source of vitamin A for the exclusively breast-fed infant.
Breast milk is the optimal nutrient mix for infants.
Breast milk is the perfect food for a baby.
Breast milk is the perfect food for babies.
Breast milk is the perfect food for young babies.
Breast milk is the perfect source of nutrition for infants.
Breast milk is the preferred feeding for all newborns, even pre-term and sick babies.
Breast milk is the preferred food for an infant for the first four to six months.
Breast milk is the superior infant food.
Breast milk is the ultimate convenience food.
Breast milk is truly a gift of love that only a mother can give.
Breast milk is very nutritious and psychologically it is good for mother and child.
Breast milk is virtually the only source of vitamin A the first few months for many infants.
Breast milk is vital to a baby s growing body and developing immune system.
Breast milk limits absorption.
Breast milk lowers the risk of food allergies, colic and asthma in babies.
Breast milk needs no preparation.
Breast milk offers advantage.
Breast milk offers infants and mothers many benefits.
Breast milk offers infants unparalleled nutrition to fuel their growth and development.
Breast milk offers significant advantage.
Breast milk offers superior infant nutrition.
Breast milk promotes the growth of bacteria that all humans normally have in the digestive tract.
Breast milk protects against illness.
Breast milk protects babies against disease.
Breast milk protects babies against infections.
Breast milk provides adequate nutrition.
Breast milk provides adequate vitamins.
Breast milk provides an important source of immune factors.
Breast milk provides necessary nutrients.
Breast milk provides nutrients.
Breast milk provides nutrition that is perfect for the growing baby.
Breast milk provides nutrition.
Breast milk provides perfect infant nutrition.
Breast milk provides the baby with better nutrition than formula.
Breast milk provides the ideal nutrition for babies.
Breast milk provides the ideal nutritional balance for a baby.
Breast milk provides vitamins.
Breast milk remains the most desirable food for infants.
Breast milk remains the safest and cleanest food for babies.
Breast milk requires no special preparation.
Breast milk saves money, is at the right temperature and always ready to use.
Breast milk serves special functions for babies and mothers.
Breast milk supplies the needed nutrients in appropriate amounts and balance.
Any breast milk is better than none at all.
Most breast milk contains substances.
Most breast milk is consumed by infants.
Most breast milk offers advantage.
Most breast milk offers significant advantage.
Most breast milk provides adequate nutrition.
Most breast milk provides adequate vitamins.
Most breast milk provides necessary nutrients.
Most breast milk provides nutrients.
Most breast milk provides nutrition.
Most breast milk provides vitamins.
Some breast milk contains acid.
Some breast milk contains fatty acid.
Some breast milk has antibodies.
Breast pain can make exercising uncomfortable.
Breast pain is a common problem, affecting women of all ages.
Breast pain is a relatively common breast change and is most often linked to hormonal change.
Breast pain is a very common and nonspecific problem in both pregnant and non-pregnant women.
Breast pain is also a common symptom early in pregnancy.
Breast pain is another common experience.
Breast pain is usually due to hormonal changes that occur during the menstrual cycle.
Breast pain is very common in premenopausal women.
Breast pain is very serendipitous at times.
Breast pain occurs most often in the upper, outer part of the breast.
Breast plate comes off permitting vital organ to be removed and replaced.
Breast plate is made of buffalo bones, brass beads, leather, and glass beads.
Breast prostheses come in a wide range of shapes, sizes and skin colours.
Breast pumps are a food aid.
Breast pumps are available for a fee.
Breast pumps are available for rental or purchase.
Breast pumps are available for rental.
Breast pumps are available in most pharmacies.
Breast pumps are especially useful for the working mother.
Breast pumps are great for maintaining milk supply during separation of mother and baby.
Breast pumps are personal care items.
Breast pumps are pumps.
Breast pumps are single user products.
Breast pumps can be either battery, hand or electrically operated.
Breast pumps come in all price ranges and sizes.
Most breast pumps are electric vacuum ones.
Breast reconstruction can take place whenever the woman feels comfortable undergoing the operation.
Breast reconstruction following or during mastectomy can help restore a normal appearance.
Breast reconstruction improves the lives of many women who are diagnosed with breast cancer.
Breast reconstruction is a functional procedure to restore a woman's normal body shape.
Breast reconstruction is a matter of choice that needs much thought and consideration.
Breast reconstruction is a personalized procedure.
Breast reconstruction is an option.
Breast reconstruction is less complicated, and arm swelling is uncommon.
Breast reconstruction is now an option that women can discuss with their doctors.
Breast reconstruction is often an option at the same time as the mastectomy, or later on.
Breast reconstruction is possible in most cases after mastectomy.
Breast reconstruction is usually available to women who have had a breast removed.
Breast reconstruction recreates the breast shape after the natural breast has been removed.
Breast reconstruction replaces the lost breast.
Breast reconstruction restores balance, beauty and harmony to the female form.
Most breast reconstruction involves a series of procedures over time.
Most breast reconstruction involves a series of procedures that occur over time.
Breast reduction is a major operation, usually requiring a brief stay in the hospital.
Breast reduction is a name for a series of operations that removes part of the woman's breasts.
Breast reduction is a reconstructive operation designed to make large breasts smaller and lighter.
Breast reduction is additional surgery.
Breast reduction is designed for such women.
Breast reduction is one of the very best cosmetic operations available.
Breast reduction is usually a problem of both skin, fat, and breast tissue.
Breast reduction reduces the size and improves the shape of large breasts.
Breast reduction removes skin and fat from the breast.
Breast reduction reshapes the breasts and decreases breast size.
Breast reductions are purely cosmetic procedures.
Breast screening provides early detection and protection of breast cancer.
Breast shape can also be a function of the skill of the surgeon and the degree of the problem.
Breast shape is decidedly feminine.
Breast shape is determined by breast volume and surface area of the skin envelope.
Breast shells exert a small amount of traction to help draw the nipple outward.
Breast size affects the risk of breast cancer.
Breast size has absolutely nothing to do with how much milk breasts can produce.
Breast size has nothing to do with the underlying milk producing structures.
Breast size increases during pregnancy and while nursing.
Breast size increases.
Breast size is a personal issue .
Breast size is based on a number of factors, including estrogen levels.
Breast size is immaterial to successful feeding.
Breast size is overrated, and implants look fake.
Breast size is unlikely to change but breast shape is changed.
Breast size is unlikely to change.
Breast size is unrelated to breast cancer risk.
Breast size makes a difference both for surgical options and for specific prostheses.
Breast size makes no difference in sexual responsiveness or the ability to nurse a baby.
Breast size makes no difference.
Breast size times I.Q. is constant.
Breast stimulation can cause powerful contractions.
Breast stimulation causes powerful contractions.
Breast surgery can affect milk supply.
Breast surgery is one of the most popular types of cosmetic surgery.
Breast tenderness begins in the first trimester and continues throughout the pregnancy.
Breast tenderness can occur from exercise.
Breast tenderness is a common symptom of pregnancy, while other symptoms vary from person to person.
Breast tenderness is experienced by many women, both during pregnancy and prior to their periods.
Breast tenderness is pain or discomfort in the breasts.
Breast tenderness Use the lowest effective estrogen dose.
Some breast tenderness is common during the first couple of weeks.
Breast thermography is a way of monitoring breast health over a period of time.
Breast tissue begins developing before a baby is born.
Breast tissue can vary from firm to soft, with a fuller, more rounded shape.
Breast tissue changes during a woman s life.
Breast tissue changes with age, pregnancy, and menstral status.
Breast tissue consists of glands and fat and has an atomic number six.
Breast tissue does respond to isoflavones with increased proliferation.
Breast tissue extends up towards the neck, the armpits, and the chest wall.
Breast tissue has a sexually dimorphic mode of development.
Breast tissue is fragile when engorged and can bruise easily.
Breast tissue is hormonally sensitive, especially to estrogen.
Breast tissue is normal.
Breast tissue is so soft that takes a very experience eye to notice anything amiss.
Breast tissue is soft and readily lends itself to lifting, molding and shaping.
Breast tissue requires estrogen for growth.
Breast tissues accumulate fat.
Some breast tissue is dense, making it harder for radiologists to interpret a mammogram.
Many breast tumors appear as a lump and are found when women examine their own breasts.
Breast ultrasound is a painless, non-invasive method for evaluating breast abnormalities.
Breast ultrasound is a procedure generally used to compliment mammography.
Breast ultrasound is performed in the office and can be done during the initial visit, if needed.
Breast ultrasound uses high-frequency waves to image to the breast.
A breast is a body part
Breast Adds depth in the breast.
Breast can naturally have a ptotic appearance.
Breast conserving therapy consists of a lumpectomy followed by radiation therapy.
Breast conserving treatment usually also involves radiation therapy, usually after surgery.
Breast fed babies are generally healthier.
Breast fed babies are healthier.
Breast fed babies are less likely to get colic and infantile allergies than artificially fed babies.
Breast fed babies are lucky.
Breast fed babies can also develop allergic colitis, usually secondary to maternal milk drinking.
Breast fed babies seem to have less colic than bottle fed babies.
Breast fed infants grow more rapidly.
Breast feeding a baby for at least six months is advised.
Breast feeding a baby with a heart disease can be harder because the baby gets tired so quickly.
Breast feeding for six months reduces a woman's risk for breast cancer.
Breast Feeding The next logical thing after wine and pregnancy is wine and breast- feeding.
Breast has variable amount of black streaks with yellow flanks.
Breast is a mixture of red and yellow, giving an overall orange appearance.
Breast is best for both mom and baby.
Breast is best was indeed a point made throughout the stories.
Breast is best.
Breast Is Best.
Breast is broad.
Breast is checked for condition of nipples and for lumps.
Breast is darker orange than underparts.
Breast is distinguished with a dark central spot.
Breast is France's largest navel port.
Breast is mostly white, streaked brown.
Breast is off white.
Breast is orange-brown and belly is yellow.
Breast is protagonist during the evening, without neglecting reasonable nudity.
Breast is still best.
Breast is the more common sclerotic metastasis in females.
Breast is whitish barred with grey.
Breast isa body part.
Breast prostheses following a mastectomy.
Breast pull with buoy work on explosion from catch to extension.
Breast pump rental and basic breastfeeding supplies available.
Breast pump rental and other breastfeeding supplies available.
Breast pump rental service.
Breast pump There are several types of breast pumps available.
Breast pumps sales and rentals.
Breast recontouring through reduction or resuspension are also a number of different operations.
Breast shells for sore, flat or inverted nipples.
Breast slightly buffy with dark spots, brownish-gray sides and flanks.
Breast ultrasounds Prosthetic fitting by certified specialists for post-mastectomy patients.
Breasts also produce milk after a woman has a baby.
Breasts approach adult size and shape and pubic hair spreads to the top of the thighs.
Breasts are a combination of fat, fibers, and glands.
Breasts are accented with red stitching, and set off by a red bow.
Breasts are also the organ of nurturing, whether in sexual play or in motherhood.
Breasts are always an exemplar of beauty, even if fashions in size and shape change.
Breasts are an incredible specimen of web site creativity.
Breasts are beautiful works of art.
Breasts are beautiful.
Breasts are complex organs of amazing delicacy, sensitivity, and vulnerability.
Breasts are comprised primarily of fatty connective tissue.
Breasts are erogenous zones.
Breasts are external organs and have a naturally lower temperature.
Breasts are firm and spread further apart.
Breasts are fuller, firmer and require support.
Breasts are good because they are food and sex in one pretty package.
Breasts are good by definition.
Breasts are great stuff, and any song without mention of em sags.
Breasts are helpings.
Breasts are home, they are unearned kindness, they are a small mercy in a cruel hour.
Breasts are larger and have less elasticity.
Breasts are mammary glands.
Breasts are more buoyant than water.
Breasts are more than a decoration to sit on women's chests to be admired.
Breasts are more than just feedbags for the young, however.
Breasts are most often large and pendulous and buttocks are generally pronounced.
Breasts are mostly fatty tissue which isn t very sensitive to caresses and kisses.
Breasts are normally lumpy because they are made up of glands and ducts.
Breasts are obviously implants, lips are collagen full and their skin is a perma oven tan.
Breasts are often a source of conflicting emotions for women.
Breasts are on everyone's mind.
Breasts are one aspect of a person and they are by no means the most important, the most salient.
Breasts are part of chickens.
Breasts are part of torsos.
Breasts are part of turkeys.
Breasts are pretty cool too.
Breasts are really popular right now.
Breasts are sensitive to touch as they have many nerve endings .
Breasts are symmetric.
Breasts are teats.
Breasts are the fountains of life, as well as highly sensual sexual organs.
Breasts are the most public private part.
Breasts are too sexual an issue in our country.
Breasts are without masses, tenderness, or discharge.
Breasts become evident by generous low-cuts.
Breasts become more sore.
Breasts become slightly firm during excitement.
Breasts begin to develop and hips become rounded.
Breasts begin to produce milk and some leakage is possible.
Breasts can also be martial arts weapons.
Breasts can be firm or fleshy, depending on age and overall figure type.
Breasts can be frightening.
Breasts can be just simple partial circles, most defined on the lower outside edges.
Breasts can become very sensitive in pregnancy.
Breasts can come in all sizes and shapes.
Breasts come in all shapes and sizes, and, yes, flavors.
Breasts come in all shapes and sizes.
Breasts come in all sizes and shapes, just as women do.
Breasts come in many different sizes and shapes.
Breasts come in many shapes and sizes.
Breasts come out of retirement.
Breasts contain fat and glands but no muscle.
Breasts develop during puberty .
Breasts develop during puberty in response to an increase in estrogen.
Breasts don t have eyes.
Breasts elongate and lose firmness.
Breasts enlarge significantly as a pregnancy progresses.
Breasts feel no different than during pregnancy.
Breasts feel particularly lumpy.
Breasts form that, after pregnancy, produce milk to feed the baby.
Breasts grow during few weeks.
Breasts grow during first few weeks.
Breasts grow during first weeks.
Breasts grow during weeks.
Breasts have (part) corpi.
Breasts have ability.
Breasts have different meanings in different cultures.
Breasts is an extremely buggy virus.
Breasts know no symmetry.
Breasts make milk to feed a baby.
Breasts naturally sag after menopause when they lose fatty tissue and their support weakens.
Breasts provide a comfort station for a toddler who needs to connect often.
Breasts require maximum attention after delivery.
Breasts rest on a bed on mineral oil.
Breasts return to their pre-pregnancy state after weaning.
Breasts shrink underwater.
Breasts signify age.
Breasts sold with the bones attached still retain the ribs and part of the breastbone.
Breasts start developing before a girl starts to menstruate.
Breasts swell during pregnancy and breast-feeding.
Breasts symbolize many different things in one's culture.
Breasts tend to float.
Breasts undergo many changes during pregnancy.
All breasts are good breasts.
All breasts are lumpy.
All breasts feel lumpy.
Many breast fed babies have infrequent stools - up to a week can be normal.
Most breasts are lumpy during a woman's menstrual cycle.
Most breasts grow during few weeks.
Most breasts grow during first few weeks.
Most breasts grow during first weeks.
Most breasts grow during weeks.
Most breasts have ability.
Most breasts return to normal after delivery.
Some breasts release milk more quickly than others.
Breastfed babies are at less risk for juvenile diabetes and crohn's disease.
Breastfed babies are at lower risk of developing some childhood cancers.
Breastfed babies are easy to take along almost anywhere.
Breastfed babies are easy to take along.
Breastfed babies are far healthier than their bottle-fed peers.
Breastfed babies are half as likely to develop respiratory illness in their first seven years.
Breastfed babies are healthier and have fewer allergies.
Breastfed babies are healthier and have fewer ear infections.
Breastfed babies are healthier and sometimes breastfeeding mothers want some supplemental formula.
Breastfed babies are healthier overall.
Breastfed babies are healthier.
Breastfed babies are healthy babies and healthy babies are good for business.
Breastfed babies are less likely to be troubled by eczema and nappy rash.
Breastfed babies are less likely to develop colic.
Breastfed babies are less likely to get allergies like eczema, for example.
Breastfed babies are less likely to get serious illnesses like bronchitis and pneumonia.
Breastfed babies are less likely to have allergies.
Breastfed babies are less likely to spit up than formula-fed babies.
Breastfed babies are less likely to suffer from diarrhea, constipation, anemia, pneumonia.
Breastfed babies are less vulnerable to infection and allergy.
Breastfed babies are more portable.
Breastfed babies are often less constipated and human milk changes to meet a baby's growing needs.
Breastfed babies are sick less often.
Breastfed babies are smarter because of better brain development.
Breastfed babies are usually on their side, or with their head slightly elevated during feedings.
Breastfed babies are very portable.
Breastfed babies can smell mom and are more likely to reject a bottle that mom gives.
Breastfed babies can sometimes subsist on milk alone for up to a year.
Breastfed babies cry a lot.
Breastfed babies experience fewer infections than babies that are bottle-fed.
Breastfed babies get a significant portion of their milk intake from night nursing.
Breastfed babies get just the right amount.
Breastfed babies get sick less, cutting down on trips to the doctor.
Breastfed babies grow up to be leaner than bottle fed babies.
Breastfed babies have a head start.
Breastfed babies have a lower incidence of allergies.
Breastfed babies have better antibody response to vaccines than formula-fed.
Breastfed babies have different growth patterns from infants who are fed synthetic milk.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies than formula fed babies.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies, ear infections and bouts of diarrhea.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies, especially in the first year of life.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies, illnesses, weight problems, and tooth decay.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies, less constipation or diarrhea, and fewer stomach upsets.
Breastfed babies have fewer allergies.
Breastfed babies have fewer doctor visits.
Breastfed babies have fewer ear and diarrheal infections.
Breastfed babies have fewer ear infections.
Breastfed babies have fewer earaches and colds.
Breastfed babies have fewer infections, diarrhea, and allergic reactions.
Breastfed babies have fewer learning disabilities.
Breastfed babies have fewer respiratory illnesses.
Breastfed babies have fewer speech impediments.
Breastfed babies have fewer stomach upsets and almost never have constipation.
Breastfed babies have fewer stomach upsets no constipation.
Breastfed babies have good cheekbone development and jaw alignment.
Breastfed babies have less gas and spit up less.
Breastfed babies have less heart disease and cancer later in life.
Breastfed babies have less problems with constipation and diarrhea.
Breastfed babies have lower cholesterol levels, on average, when they become adults.
Breastfed babies have stronger and straighter teeth.
Breastfed babies receive important natural protection against some infections and allergies.
Breastfed babies receive optimal nutrition for physical and neurological development.
Breastfed babies smell good.
Breastfed babies smell nicer.
Breastfed babies tend to be leaner adults than bottle-fed babies.
Breastfed babies tend to grow faster than formula-fed babies in the first four months of life.
Breastfed babies tend to pass stools that are yellow, soft or seedy, and frequently watery.
Breastfed babies thrive.
Breastfed babies travel very easily.
Breastfed babies wake their parents less often at night with earaches and stuffy noses.
Many breastfed babies become jaundiced.
Most breastfed babies cry less because they are held more.
Some breastfed babies have a bowel movement each time they nurse.
Breastfed children are half as likely to have any illness during the first year of life.
Breastfed children get fewer ear infections, childhood lymphomas, and diabetes.
Breastfed children get sick less often.
Breastfed infants are also at risk because of the decreased amount of Vitamin D in breast milk.
Breastfed infants are healthier.
Breastfed infants are less likely to develop into overweight children or adults in later life.
Breastfed infants are sick less often than bottle-fed infants.
Breastfed infants enjoy additional general health, growth and developmental benefits.
Breastfed infants have better jaw and speech development.
Breastfed infants have fewer infections.
Breastfed infants have less constipation, diarrhea, spitting up, and colic.
Most breastfed infants have fewer allergies.
Most breastfeeding counselors volunteer their services.
Most breastfeeding moms enjoy knowing that only they can feed their babies.
Most breastfeeding mothers can eat and drink what they like.
A breastplate is a shell
Breastplates are a part of Native American dance regalia.
Breastplates are available in English or Western styles.
A breastwork is fortification
All breastworks are hard.
Every breath of life is a precious jewel which can buy eternal treasures.
A breath is an activity
Breath isa process.
Breaths are air.
Breaths are breezes.
Breaths are play.
Breaths are quiet.
Breaths carry oxygen.
Breaths cause deterioration.
Breaths come hard and fast.
Breaths fill lungs.
Breaths have effects.
Breaths have immediate effects.
Breaths help hyperventilations.
Breaths help kids.
Breaths occur at time.
Breaths rise and fall.
Every breath allows for deeper relaxation and surrendering.
Every breath becomes more difficult, and exhaling becomes next to impossible.
Every breath brings a chance.
Every breath brings a new mystery even as they slowly reveal themselves.
Every breath burns.
Every breath counts, so breathe deeply now.
Every breath Forms the weft of the endless fabric of love.
Every breath has a beginning, middle, and end.
Every breath induces relaxation, therefore breathing is the basic healer.
Every breath is a choice, and that choice is hope.
Every breath is a choice.
Every breath is a gift from Yahweh.
Every breath is a gift of love from above.
Every breath is a gift.
Every breath is a stride, Every heartbeat a string of silence.
Every breath is a struggle.
Every breath is an important link in a chain of life.
Every breath is limited to an operator set maximum inspiratory time.
Every breath is now a struggle.
Every breath is staged for impact, threaded through open mouths turned upwards.
Every breath makes the raspy music of impending death.
Every breath takes one closer to home.
Every breath tastes the air for any change in temper.
Most breaths carry oxygen.
Most breaths cause deterioration.
Most breaths fill lungs.
Most breaths have effects.
Most breaths have immediate effects.
Most breaths help hyperventilations.
Most breaths help kids.
Most breaths occur at time.
Some breaths bring death.
Some breaths can have impact.
Some breaths can have significant impact.
Some breaths cause reductions.
Some breaths come from centres.
Some breaths contain carbon dioxide.
Some breaths contain compounds.
Some breaths contain dioxide.
Some breaths create anxiety.
Some breaths enter respiratory tracts.
Some breaths enter tracts.
Some breaths have little moisture.
Some breaths have moisture.
Some breaths have unusual smell.
Some breaths hit spoons.
Some breaths increase blood pressure.
Some breaths increase pressure.
Some breaths indicate abnormalities.
Some breaths indicate problems.
Some breaths pass through walls.
Some breaths produce growth.
Some breaths produce spiritual growth.
Some breaths produce wind.
Breathable air is a limited recourse as well.
Breathable air mesh back.
Breathable clothing made of natural fibers such as wool or cotton allows body moisture to escape.
Breathable fabrics allow perspiration and condensation inside the foul weather suit to pass outward.
Breathable fabrics allow perspiration and condensation inside the suit to pass outward.
Breathable fabrics are effective, but expensive.
Breathable fabrics are the best option.
Breathable fabrics improve comfort levels but are more expensive.
Some breathable gear is designed to wick water away from the skin.
Breathable pages are inheri ntly more difficult to design.
Breathable surface helps keep feet dry.
Breathable underwear is best.
Breathable Waders are no exception.
Breathable waders are the best choice for fishing in Alaska.
Breathable waders do work.
Breathable waders offer many advantages.
A breathalyzer is a device
Breathalyzers measure the level of alcohol in the blood.
Breathe air has consequences.
Most breathe air has consequences.
Some breathe air contains cigarette smoke.
Breathe difficulty affects dogs.
Breathe difficulty causes problems.
Breathe difficulty causes significant problems.
Most breathe difficulty affects dogs.
Most breathe difficulty causes problems.
Most breathe difficulty causes significant problems.
Some breathe difficulty affects cats.
Breathe dust comes in contact.
Most breathe dust comes in contact.
Breathe improvement techniques outline in publications.
Breathe organs are possessed by aquatic creatures.
Breathe organs are possessed by creatures.
Breathe organs are possessed by many aquatic creatures.
Most breathe organs are possessed by aquatic creatures.
Most breathe organs are possessed by creatures.
Most breathe organs are possessed by many aquatic creatures.
Some breathe oxygen is produced by nearby trees.
Some breathe oxygen is produced by trees.
Breathe problems result in breathe difficulty.
Breathe problems result in difficulty.
Most breathe problems result in breathe difficulty.
Most breathe problems result in difficulty.
Some breathe problems affect lungs.
Some breathe problems cause headaches.
Some breathe problems relate to noses.
Some breathe problems relate to short noses.
Some breathe reptiles inhabit sea.
Some breathe reptiles inhabit subtropical sea.
Breathe smoke damages blood vessels.
Breathe smoke damages vessels.
Some breathe techniques involve breaths.
Breathe tobacco smoke damages blood vessels.
Breathe tobacco smoke damages vessels.
Breathe tobacco smoke irritates airways.
Some breathe trouble is caused by diseases.
Some breathe tubes extend from throats.
Some breathe tubes insert into throats.
Some breathe tubes move mucuses.
Breathes  wheezes.
Breathes are motivated by the goal of air.
Breathes are motivated by the goal of lives.
Breathes are motivated by the goal of oxygen.
A breather is an airway
Every breather is manufactured to withstand typical industrial and tank farm environments.
Breathing apparatus is a device
Breathing apparatus is available for trained staff to enter areas where noxious fumes are prevalent.
Breathing apparatus is recommended in the event of a large spill.
Breathing difficulties are common immediately after birth and during the first few hours of life.
Breathing difficulties are common.
Breathing difficulties become evident.
Breathing difficulties can be a life threatening emergency.
Breathing difficulties can occur in any age group or population.
Breathing difficulties can occur, resulting from neuromyotonic activity of the laryngeal muscles .
Breathing difficulties can reflect deep shock.
Breathing difficulties comprise another reason.
Breathing difficulty can rapidly become an emergency condition.
Breathing difficulty is almost always a medical emergency.
Breathing difficulty Seek emergency treatment.
Breathing disorders are responsible for one in seven deaths in the United States.
Breathing exercise is therefore the best way to achieve the goal.
Breathing exercises abound.
Breathing exercises aim at increasing the body's life force while concentrating the mind.
Breathing exercises are also helpful in achieving relaxation.
Breathing exercises are beneficial if done in a tension free atmosphere.
Breathing exercises are great for relieving stress.
Breathing exercises are important for meditation magick and healing.
Breathing exercises are one way of managing feelings of nervousness.
Breathing exercises are simple.
Breathing exercises are very helpful, as are exercises of the face and jaws.
Breathing exercises can cure ear aches.
Breathing exercises can help strengthen the muscles used for breathing.
Breathing exercises have many benefits.
Breathing exercises help prevent infection, and also have a relaxing yet energizing effect.
Breathing exercises help quiet the mind and emotions.
Breathing exercises help to reduce tension.
Breathing exercises start while walking in waist-deep water.
Breathing fire Ride the waves through the air down below The mire.
Breathing masks drop from overhead hatches.
Breathing meditation is one secret to increasing mana.
Breathing problems are high among people who live in cockroach infested dwellings.
Breathing problems are the number one cause of death in infants.
Breathing problems are the number one killer of infants.
Breathing problems can occur as well as shortness of breath.
Breathing problems can start within a short time as swelling worsens.
Breathing problems Seek emergency treatment.
Breathing problems symbolize the feeling of being stifled.
Breathing rate becomes a very useful tool when training on the trails.
Breathing rate becomes more rhythmic and is noticeably deeper.
Breathing rate is faster or harder than usual.
Breathing rates change as a function of age.
A breathing room is a position
Breathing room is beneficial.
Breathing techniques are easy and can be done anywhere.
Breathing techniques calm the mind.
Breathing techniques can make sex so much more powerful and satisfying.
Breathing techniques can relieve the pain.
Breathing techniques remain important.
Breathing tubes hang from their noses like ropes of snot.
A breathing is an activity
Breathing  chokes.
Breathing  choking.
Breathing  coughs.
Breathing  hiccups.
Breathing  inhaling air.
Breathing  lives.
Breathing  oxygenate blood.
Breathing  respiration.
Breathing  yawns.
Breathing actually stops for a moment.
Breathing affects our entire being.
Breathing affects the flow of hormones through the endocrine system.
Breathing also affects daily life, and the utilization of correct breath can greatly reduce stress.
Breathing also can relieve insomnia, by relaxing the body and reducing the activity of the mind.
Breathing also contributes to better health.
Breathing also helps move blood through the veins.
Breathing also helps remove heat.
Breathing also helps to connect to where tremendous potential energy is stored.
Breathing also increases in anger or fear, at least in most cases.
Breathing appears simple enough.
Breathing are used for land animals.
Breathing are used for life.
Breathing are used for livings.
Breathing are used for oxygen.
Breathing are used for oxygenating blood.
Breathing are used for respiration.
Breathing are used for survival.
Breathing automatically becomes more rapid.
Breathing become more difficult.
Breathing becomes a rhythmic chant. .
Breathing becomes a rhythmic melody of inhalations and exhalations.
Breathing becomes a struggle.
Breathing becomes deeper, sending oxygen-enriched blood and nutrients throughout the body.
Breathing becomes deeper.
Breathing becomes difficult and forced breathing becomes necessary.
Breathing becomes difficult and noisy.
Breathing becomes difficult and the body gets weaker and less responsive to stimulation.
Breathing becomes difficult and wheezy as air is expelled.
Breathing becomes difficult because of the hot, choking smoke.
Breathing becomes difficult because the muscles of the respiratory system weaken.
Breathing becomes difficult or tight.
Breathing becomes difficult, and pulmonary infections are a constant risk.
Breathing becomes difficult, following by wheezing and coughing.
Breathing becomes difficult, leading to collapse and paralysis.
Breathing becomes difficult.
Breathing becomes easier, and the risk of lung cancer, emphysema, bronchitis, is reduced.
Breathing becomes easier.
Breathing becomes faster, nosier or both.
Breathing becomes harder and harder.
Breathing becomes increasingly difficult and the patient dies of respiratory failure.
Breathing becomes labored and excessive salivation is common.
Breathing becomes labored or difficult.
Breathing becomes labored or fast.
Breathing becomes labored, and the pupils commonly become tightly restricted.
Breathing becomes laboured and irregular.
Breathing becomes laboured.
Breathing becomes less deep than normal.
Breathing becomes less efficient.
Breathing becomes more difficult as the disease progresses.
Breathing becomes more difficult.
Breathing becomes more erratic with regard to rate and depth.
Breathing becomes more irregular, body muscles relax.
Breathing becomes more rapid to obtain more oxygen from the thinner air.
Breathing becomes rapid and dyspnea is pronounced just before death.
Breathing becomes rapid and shallow.
Breathing becomes rapid and short, while normal breathing is overlooked.
Breathing becomes rapid, short and strong.
Breathing becomes shallow and rapid during episodes of stress.
Breathing becomes shallower and quicker as the lungs work to oxygenate the blood.
Breathing becomes so difficult that athletic performance declines significantly.
Breathing becomes strained.
Breathing becomes very laborious and difficult for the sheep.
Breathing becomes very slow, bodily temperature drops, and heartbeat becomes irregular.
Breathing becomes very slow, body temperature drops, and heartbeat becomes irregular.
Breathing begins again, but the natural sleep cycle is interrupted.
Breathing brings the poses to life.
Breathing can be a powerful tool.
Breathing can be a problem.
Breathing can be beneficial for many red wines and also for some young white wines.
Breathing can be beneficial for many wines especially reds.
Breathing can be difficult, and strength and coordination quickly disappear.
Breathing can be the tool to stop the mind from racing.
Breathing can be too hard, too fast, or just uncomfortable.
Breathing can become difficult and uncomfortable too.
Breathing can cause an animal to lose a lot of water.
Breathing can make people feel calm and happy.
Breathing can shut down, for example.
Breathing can sometimes be abnormal from birth.
Breathing can stop altogether.
Breathing can take place every stroke or every other stroke.
Breathing cause a desire to drinks.
Breathing cause asthma attacks.
Breathing cause choking.
Breathing cause coughing.
Breathing cause hyperventilations.
Breathing cause life.
Breathing cause livings.
Breathing cause oxygenating blood.
Breathing cause pain.
Breathing cause relaxation.
Breathing cause warm air.
Breathing causes cancer.
Breathing causes the patients chest to contract and relax.
Breathing causes turbulence in the upper air passages.
Breathing compressed air is delivered to a face piece through a breathing tube.
Breathing connects all systems in our bodies.
Breathing consciously is the simplest, most immediate way to change consciousness and feel better.
Breathing contaminated dust is the most common form of transmission.
Breathing correctly can be the difference between a healthy body and ill health.
Breathing correctly can bring on a state of elevated emotions.
Breathing correctly helps build and strengthen the chest muscles and also increases lung capacity.
Breathing correctly is the key to better fitness, muscle strength, stamina, and athletic endurance.
Breathing correctly is very important to our mental and physical well-being.
Breathing cures tummies too A simple way to help digestion is digestive breathing or bhastrika .
Breathing deeply can give a person more physical energy.
Breathing deeply can help a person relax.
Breathing deeply feels good.
Breathing deeply helps to allow the feeling to process.
Breathing deeply helps to clean our blood by removing the carbon dioxide and increasing oxygen.
Breathing deeply increases the body's intake of oxygen.
Breathing deeply is a well-known stress reliever and has a multitude of health benefits as well.
Breathing describes the process of inhaling and exhaling air.
Breathing diaphragmatically increases oxygen intake and nourishes the brain and body.
Breathing enables oxygen to mix with the wine, which speeds the aging process.
Breathing even feels better.
Breathing even seems difficult and laborious.
Breathing exercises cause more oxygen to be pushed through the walls of the lungs.
Breathing exercises enhance lung capacity, and swimming provides aerobic exercise.
Breathing exercises for the chakras.
Breathing exercises helps with that.
Breathing exercises like they teach in natural child birth are absolutely the best approach.
Breathing exercises to centre the breath.
Breathing feels unnatural.
Breathing fills the body and the muscles with oxygen.
Breathing forgets breathing.
Breathing fully helps by keeping the lungs pure and increasing the flow of fresh blood.
Breathing fully is to live fully.
Breathing fully is to manifest the full range and power of our inborn potential.
Breathing furnishes the most valuable control for toning down the degree of excitement in the body.
Breathing gets easier as bronchial tubes relax.
Breathing gets easier with the build up of muscle in the body.
Breathing gets heavier and faster to meet the demand for more oxygen.
Breathing gets heavier and faster to take in more oxygen for the muscles.
Breathing gets oxygen into the body, but aerobic respiration occurs at the cellular level.
Breathing has little to do with art.
Breathing has to be natural, like weeping willow branches in the wind.
Breathing has very little to do with oxygen.
Breathing Have the children blow bubbles between their arms.
Breathing Have the children stretch and take deep breaths before rehearsals and the performance.
Breathing helps the body to relax and to awaken at the same time.
Breathing helps to calm nerves.
Breathing helps to facilitate relaxation.
Breathing improperly can trigger anxiety, panic attacks, depression, headaches and fatigue.
Breathing increases the flow to all systems and assists in expansion of the physical body.
Breathing influences the mind and the emotions, and vice versa.
Breathing involves both inhalation and exhalation.
Breathing is a catalyst.
Breathing is a chore.
Breathing is a common experience.
Breathing is a function of lungs as well as the muscles that move the chest and lungs.
Breathing is a gas exchange, taking in oxygen from the surroundings and letting out carbon dioxide.
Breathing is a good example.
Breathing is a key element in stretching, proper breathing is important for a successful stretch.
Breathing is a key element to eliminating stress and restoring balance and lightness to our beings.
Breathing is a major concern because the lungs are the last organs to develop.
Breathing is a major effort, getting up in the morning even more so.
Breathing is a muscular activity that requires energy just like any other.
Breathing is a natural response to life.
Breathing is a passive activity for the most part.
Breathing is a reflex.
Breathing is a shared space.
Breathing is a simultaneous effect.
Breathing is a tremendously well composed and virtually flawlessly acted.
Breathing is a unique process in the human body.
Breathing is a universal process.
Breathing is a very important part of yoga practice and also a very important part of our health.
Breathing is a very natural well regulation function of the body.
Breathing is a vital function.
Breathing is a vital part in our individual existence.
Breathing is a way of creating a feeling of unity or becoming conscious of the flow of existence.
Breathing is accomplished quickly.
Breathing is accomplished through a pair of holes at the tip of the tube.
Breathing is accomplished through contraction of the muscles of the rib cage and pelvis.
Breathing is affected, and individuals are very susceptible to infections.
Breathing is also an activity.
Breathing is also an important part of rhino communication.
Breathing is also related to positive emotions.
Breathing is also the result of practice and conditioning.
Breathing is also very important.
Breathing is always work.
Breathing is an automatic body function and is essential to human survival.
Breathing is an essential, grounding experience for everyone.
Breathing is an example of the interrelationship of body systems.
Breathing is an exchange.
Breathing is an exercise in itself.
Breathing is an important factor in stretching for relaxation and full effectiveness.
Breathing is an important part of relaxation therapy.
Breathing is an integral and necessary part of man.
Breathing is another example.
Breathing is another reason.
Breathing is art.
Breathing is at once ordinary and revelatory, a natural and a supernatural experience . . .
Breathing is at the heart of virtually every meditation system.
Breathing is automatic.
Breathing is basic to reducing test anxiety and improving focus and concentration.
Breathing is both a voluntary and involuntary function of the human body.
Breathing is both the most important function of the body and the most neglected.
Breathing is both voluntary and involuntary.
Breathing is brought about by the movement of the diaphragm and the ribs.
Breathing is calm, long and deep.
Breathing is centred in the abdomen.
Breathing is considered the best way to connect mind and body.
Breathing is coordinated with each movement to cultivate life energy through the body.
Breathing is critical.
Breathing is deep and regular, and structural muscles are relaxed, without being flaccid.
Breathing is deep from the lower solar plexus.
Breathing is deepened and enhanced by concentrating on the center.
Breathing is difficult and no better after the nose is cleared.
Breathing is difficult and the pesticide residue covers everything.
Breathing is difficult.
Breathing is done by gills or lungs, sometimes by both.
Breathing is done continually, naturally and regularly, with no thought at all.
Breathing is done in a very specific fashion and is the most important aspect of the practice.
Breathing is driven by the muscular diaphragm.
Breathing is easier .
Breathing is easier.
Breathing is easy in freefall, but talking is almost impossible.
Breathing is easy in freefall, but talking is nearly impossible.
Breathing is easy to monitor.
Breathing is essential for natural life.
Breathing is essential to good performance, whether it is on the track or on the street.
Breathing is essential to lifting.
Breathing is essential, and so is awareness.
Breathing is even.
Breathing is everything.
Breathing is faint, at long intervals.
Breathing is fast and shallow.
Breathing is faster.
Breathing is fatal.
Breathing is frequent and brain symptoms are marked.
Breathing is full, even and without force.
Breathing is fundamental for reducing test anxiety and improving focus and concentration.
Breathing is fundamental to our existence.
Breathing is generally the route of most concern.
Breathing is getting impatient , the eyes are alive .
Breathing is good medicine.
Breathing is good with no cough, wheeze, or chest tightness during work, school, exercise, or play.
Breathing is good, with no cough, wheezing or chest tightness.
Breathing is good.
Breathing is hard to observe yet is rhythmic and slow.
Breathing is harder.
Breathing is heavier, that is, the athlete works harder at breathing.
Breathing is hindered by sympathy or consent from other parts.
Breathing is impaired, and the development of cancer is common.
Breathing is impaired.
Breathing is important so moisture can evaporate.
Breathing is important.
Breathing is incorporated into the stretches appropriately.
Breathing is integral to yoga.
Breathing is labored and accompanied by snorting.
Breathing is labored and faster.
Breathing is labored.
Breathing is life - our products support and protect vital human functions.
Breathing is life and breathing is a gift.
Breathing is life.
Breathing is Life.
Breathing is like inhaling gumbo.
Breathing is likely to require more effort than normal.
Breathing is made more difficult as the airways clamp down, becoming narrower.
Breathing is magic.
Breathing is meant to be automatic.
Breathing is measured through a mouthpiece.
Breathing is more than the drawing in and the letting go of air.
Breathing is much easier because drawing air through the filter requires no effort.
Breathing is much easier because no effort is required to draw air through the filter.
Breathing is next.
Breathing is no doubt one of the most notable secrets.
Breathing is no problem.
Breathing is noisy in severely affected animals.
Breathing is normal, heartbeat steady, the mind clear and observing.
Breathing is normal.
Breathing is nourishment for the body and food for the brain.
Breathing is obviously of relevance to voice production.
Breathing is of extreme importance.
Breathing is of no importance in backstroke technique.
Breathing is often painful because the diaphragm becomes heavily infected.
Breathing is one continuous loop.
Breathing is one nonstop loop.
Breathing is one of the best things to do in order to prevent the build-up of tension.
Breathing is one of the few body functions that is under both our conscious and unconscious control.
Breathing is one of the few exceptions.
Breathing is one of the most important functions of the body and all other functions depend on it.
Breathing is only an aspect of it.
Breathing is only part of the process of bringing oxygen to where it is needed in the body.
Breathing is only possible if the thoracic cavity remains airtight.
Breathing is our gateway to our voluntary and autonomic nervous systems.
Breathing is our link to life energy and watching to consciousness.
Breathing is our most fundamental act.
Breathing is our most primal function.
Breathing is our primary energy source.
Breathing is performed for the patient by the anesthetist's machines.
Breathing is practiced.
Breathing is primarily by means of the folded skin on either side of the body.
Breathing is quite even.
Breathing is ragged and violent.
Breathing is rapid but laboured, with some animals partly choking on their saliva.
Breathing is rapid, shallow and painful.
Breathing is really our first experience of the outside world.
Breathing is regulated by the concentration of carbon dioxide in blood.
Breathing is regulated by the mouth and chest.
Breathing is restricted to all but a the life supporting minimum.
Breathing is restricted.
Breathing is resumed, often with a loud snort or gasp.
Breathing is rhythmic and slow.
Breathing is seen as the impetus for the body.
Breathing is shallow and fast.
Breathing is shallow and labored.
Breathing is shallow or absent.
Breathing is shallow, then becomes louder as the person relaxes.
Breathing is slow and shallow, pulse faint or even undetectable.
Breathing is slow and shallow.
Breathing is slow, deep, and trusting.
Breathing is slowed, stopped, or irregular and if they are unconscious, they are difficult to wake.
Breathing is soft, relaxed, even, continuous and from the diaphragm.
Breathing is something all people do, but doing it correctly is quite another matter.
Breathing is something common to every human being.
Breathing is something vital to peoples lives.
Breathing is spuratic.
Breathing is still fast and hard.
Breathing is still out of the question.
Breathing is stimulated by gently pinching the body with forceps.
Breathing is stimulated by gently rubbing a finger over the chest and back.
Breathing is stopped for a moment.
Breathing is subject to both voluntary and involuntary control.
Breathing is sweet to it and wild and scary.
Breathing is synonymous with being alive.
Breathing is the basic rhythm of life.
Breathing is the chief means of taking in prana to increase vitality of the living being.
Breathing is the enactment of the essential state of becoming that is being alive.
Breathing is the internal dialogue of our nervous system.
Breathing is the key .
Breathing is the key to a conscious life and good health.
Breathing is the key to meditation.
Breathing is the key to Yoga.
Breathing is the key.
Breathing is the link between our mind and body.
Breathing is the link to the body and watching to the consciousness.
Breathing is the most fundamental principle of life.
Breathing is the most palpable rhythm of our physical life.
Breathing is the physical act of inhaling and exhaling.
Breathing is the physical action of taking air in to the system and releasing gaseous waste.
Breathing is the primary antidote for fear.
Breathing is the process by which air enters the bloodstream, via the lungs.
Breathing is the process of moving oxygen-rich air into and out of the lungs.
Breathing is the root of our practice.
Breathing is the starting place.
Breathing is the ultimate in subtle mirroring.
Breathing is the vehicle which delivers the oxygen.
Breathing is the ventilation of the lungs by negative pressure.
Breathing is thought to adjust autonomic nerves.
Breathing is to be done slowly and relaxingly without any effort.
Breathing is too hot for tonight.
Breathing is truly automatic and a newborn baby can breathe properly.
Breathing is truly where the voluntary and involuntary merge and affect each other.
Breathing is used to relax physically and mentally.
Breathing is usually automatic, and is regulated in the medulla oblongata of the brain.
Breathing is very difficult.
Breathing is very important too.
Breathing is very important when playing tennis, especially when things get tight.
Breathing is very important.
Breathing is very irregular.
Breathing is very labored.
Breathing is very, very good, so are flexibility and movement.
Breathing is virtually impossible.
Breathing is vital to people's lives.
Breathing is what makes the sound what gets notes to resonate and penetrate through an ensemble.
Breathing is, ideally, timed to the heartbeat.
Breathing is, in most case, automatic.
Breathing Look and listen for signs of breathing.
Breathing means living.
Breathing normally is very important for normal growth.
Breathing occurs as naturally as possible, since infants control their inhalation and exhalation.
Breathing occurs through a pair of nostrils located on the top of the nose.
Breathing occurs through spiracles and trachea.
Breathing occurs through the skin, mouth, and throat.
Breathing optimally has many benefits.
Breathing PERC for short periods of time can adversely affect the human nervous system.
Breathing promotes the Relaxation of body with mind.
Breathing properly has a dramatic impact on our mental and physical health.
Breathing properly is a basic . . .
Breathing properly is a basic safety consideration while strength training.
Breathing properly is one of the key elements to singing.
Breathing properly is very important.
Breathing refers to the mechanical process of moving air into and out of the lungs.
Breathing refers to the process by which air enters and leaves the lungs.
Breathing remains normal.
Breathing Remove the person from exposure.
Breathing resumes after the seizure stops.
Breathing resumes, but is heavy and irregular, causing frothing of saliva.
Breathing returns to normal for a while, until the airway closes down again.
Breathing seems deeper.
Breathing seems delicious.
Breathing seems to come from stomach.
Breathing simply slows to the point that it ceases.
Breathing slowly delivers the medication deeply into the airways.
Breathing slows to just one breath per minute.
Breathing slows until it has almost stopped.
Breathing sounds such as sneezing, wheezing or clicking.
Breathing speeds up.
Breathing starts at the nose and mouth .
Breathing stops again.
Breathing stops because the airway collapses and prevents air from getting into the lungs.
Breathing stops soon after the heart stops beating.
Breathing stops when the airways are blocked.
Breathing stops within minutes.
Breathing takes place by lungs changing size.
Breathing takes place through the air passages leading from the nose and mouth into the lungs.
Breathing takes place with the gills, which, in some species, can be moveable or able to vibrate.
Breathing tends to naturally shift to a shallow and rapid quality when one is nervous.
Breathing then becomes difficult as the oxygen levels in the body drop.
Breathing then begins again.
Breathing then resumes and is usually noisy.
Breathing then resumes normally until the person falls back asleep.
Breathing transcends barriers of language, of perspective, of age, etc.
Breathing well is the best revenge.
Breathings occur only over the first letter of a word, and only if that letter is a vowel or a rho .
Breathing's the easiest.
Breathing often gets better by the third day and symptoms mostly clear within a week.
Breathing often makes a wheezing or whistling sound.
Breathing often resumes with a loud snore or gasp and choking sounds.
Breathing sometimes is very rapid or slow and labored.
All breathing is done through the nose.
Breathtaking photos are virtually irresistable.
Breathy voice is used in many languages as a paralinguistic signal of passion.
Breccia is a sedimentary rock
Breccias are from the surface of things.
Breccias are rocks that are composed of fragments of other, older rocks.
Brecciated clay is found at the base of most cores in the Cretaceous basins.
Brecciated jasper contains angular pieces that are red, pink, black, and white.
Brecciated marble can have a marvellous appearance .
Brecciated marble can have a marvellous appearance.
Bred heifers are most often free of disease, particularly mastitis.
A breech is an opening
Breeches are of light blue with a gold stripe.
Breeches are woollen and usually of a brown or russet colour.
Breeches can result in irreparable harm to the enterprise.
Breeches end at the knee and are usually worn with stockings and pumps.
Breeches have pockets.
Breeches run in two lengths, regular and long.
Breechs are openings.
Breechs are part of barrels.
Breeches roles are usually female singers acting the role of a young man .
Breeches roles are usually female singers acting the role of a young man.
Breed associations are welcome to share exhibit booths.
Breed associations can, by policy, make breed improvement easy or hard.
Many breed associations provide produce records for free, or a very nominal fee.
Most breed associations report a standard error with each accuracy.
Most breed associations require a tattoo to register an animal.
Some breed associations express EPDs as ratios.
Breed behavior stems from heritage.
Breed birds forage in agricultural fields.
Breed birds forage in fields.
Breed birds need proteins.
Breed birds prefer areas.
Breed burrows contain areas.
Breed burrows contain nest areas.
Breed clubs seem to possess little real power to represent breeders or their breeds effectively.
Breed clubs tout themselves as guardians of all that is precious in their breeds.
Some breed clubs have dogs.
Breed colonies include individuals.
Breed dogs reach adulthood.
Breed dogs reach weight.
Some breeds of cat are also hairless.
All breeds of cats shed their coats at least during the springtime and some shed more than others.
Any breed of dog can participate.
Any breed of dog is just as capable of a predacious encounter.
Any breed of dog is welcome to attend our lure practices .
Any breed of dog weighing thirty pounds or more is a suitable candidate.
Every breed of dog has a rescue organization.
Many breeds of dog are susceptible to food sensitivities that affect their digestion and excretion.
Most breeds of dog have a rescue mission too.
Some breeds of dog become very anxious or bored if left alone, some require high levels of exercise.
All breeds of dogs can breed with each other.
All breeds of dogs have difference personalities.
All breeds of dogs have their disadvantages as well as advantages.
All breeds of dogs require love and attention from their owners.
Many breeds of dogs are hundreds of years old.
Many breeds of dogs have dominant temperaments, especially the working breeds and terriers.
Some breeds of dogs have hair instead.
Some breeds of dogs present a problem, especially if it has a history of biting.
Some breeds of dogs require regular grooming and maintainance care for their ears.
Any breed of horse can exhibit dun or buckskin coloration.
Any breed of horse is welcome and encouraged to join.
Every breed of horse has it's supporters.
All breeds of horses have calm, quiet horses as well as anxious, dangerous horses.
All breeds of horses welcome.
All breeds of pigeons are available.
Most breeds of rabbits make excellent pets.
Some breeds of sheep are more gregarious than others and there are also some solitary breeds.
Some breeds of sheep exhibit a strong flocking behavior.
Some breeds of sheep look like goats and some breads of goats look like sheep.
Some breeds of sheep show better mothering ability than others.
All breed programs evaluate certain traits.
Breed puppies reach maturity.
Breed seasons last for months.
Breed seasons last for weeks.
Breed seasons last from weeks.
Some breed seasons start in springs.
Some breed stock has areas.
Some breed stock has distinct areas.
Breed success depends on ages.
A breed is an animal group
A breed is variety
BReED is based off of Illinois.
Breed isa type.
Breeds also differ in color.
Breeds also differ with respect to volume of milk produced and milk composition.
Breeds are animal groups.
Breeds are only a general indicator of what to expect.
Breeds are sorted into size classes.
Breeds are types.
Breeds are variety.
Breeds are video games.
Breeds come in different colors.
Breeds differ for several reasons.
Breeds have appetite.
Breeds have basic characteristics.
Breeds have behavioral characteristics.
Breeds have bones.
Breeds have characteristics.
Breeds have color.
Breeds have different characteristics.
Breeds have different color.
Breeds have different genetic characteristics.
Breeds have distinguish characteristics.
Breeds have ears.
Breeds have expression.
Breeds have eyes.
Breeds have genetic characteristics.
Breeds have heads.
Breeds have issues.
Breeds have long necks.
Breeds have long periods.
Breeds have necks.
Breeds have noses.
Breeds have particular characteristics.
Breeds have periods.
Breeds have ravenous appetite.
Breeds have reputations.
Breeds have sex.
Breeds have straight noses.
Breeds have tendencies.
Breeds have tendencies.
Breeds include horses.
Breeds need care.
Breeds need diets.
Breeds need food.
Breeds need owners.
Breeds need people.
Breeds need puppy food.
Breeds produce beef.
Breeds produce meat.
Breeds produce taste beef.
Breeds range from miniature dachshunds to pit bulls to dogs with doubtful ancestry.
Breeds reach adult body weight.
Breeds reach body weight.
Breeds reach maturity.
Breeds reach weight.
Breeds require care.
Breeds require owners.
Breeds result in production.
Breeds result in variation.
Breeds show evidence.
Breeds show tolerance.
Breeds show variation.
Breeds survive climates.
Breeds survive temperate climates.
Breeds take places.
Breeds vary between indigenous, indigenous-crossbreed and exotic.
Breeds vary in appearance, but also in temperament, activity level and other behavioral factors.
Breeds vary in the amount of hair they have on the inner aspect of the pinnae.
All breed show handling and complete grooming services are also available.
All breeds are available.
ALL breeds are subject to genetically-linked defects in health and temperament.
All breeds are susceptible to passing on conformational flaws.
All Breeds are welcome and adults and puppies can be tested.
All breeds are welcome here.
All breeds are welcome in the dog park though.
All breeds are welcome to participate in the micro-chip clinic.
All breeds are welcome.
All breeds can enter.
All breeds carry the mite on the surface of the skin.
All breeds differ.
All breeds have genetic health and temperament problems that can be passed on to their puppies.
All breeds have good and bad exhibitors.
All breeds have some genetic problems.
All breeds have some type of health related weakness.
All breeds have their own breeding programs.
All breeds have weak and strong points.
All breeds listed are either rare, endangered or critically endangered.
All breeds probably have the same issues to face.
All breeds require some grooming.
All breeds share common ancestry, having descended from wolves .
All breeds share the fabulous ability to control the movement of other animals.
All Breeds Show.
All breeds welcome.
All Breeds Welcome.
Any breed can suffer from allergies.
Every breed has advantages and disadvantages.
Every breed has an organization dedicated to the rescue and placement of dogs.
Every breed has faults, some of which have a high rate of inheritability.
Every breed has some.
Every breed has strong points, as well as weak points.
Every breed has their pros and cons.
Every breed is available.
Every breed is known for some primary medical malady.
Every breed is known for weaknesses, from hip dysplasia to epilepsy.
Every breed is right for someone, but no breed is right for everyone.
Many breed can be the best police dog.
Many breed try to take shortcuts and purchase adult females to start their breeding program.
Many breeds are bred specifically for that.
Many breeds are capable of and responsible for fatal attacks on people.
Many breeds are genetically inclined to use their mouths to do a job.
Many breeds are very striking in appearance, and they attract buyers with their good looks.
Many breeds develop corneal dystrophy.
Many breeds have active rescue organizations, another good source of 'second-hand' dogs.
Many breeds have an inherited predisposition to developmental entropion.
Many breeds have different standards for shearing.
Many breeds have hip dysplaysia, vision problems, and blood disorders.
Many breeds have jobs, and it's important to maintain breed integrity.
Many breeds have particular genetic problems that occur commonly in that breed.
Many breeds have the characteristics of puppies until they are well over two years old.
Many breeds have the same down colors.
Most breeds also evaluate the performance of daughters of the sire.
Most breeds are able to kid at one year without detrimental consequences.
Most breeds are also available on sweatshirts.
Most breeds are available.
Most breeds are large, nocturnal, burrowing animals with heavy, broad, intimidating bodies.
Most breeds begin cycling in cooler weather.
Most breeds can be commissioned - club orders are welcome.
Most breeds can do most events.
Most breeds have a local or regional rescue group as well as national representation.
Most breeds have a scissor bite which is when the upper incisors tightly overlap the lower.
Most breeds have a strong desire to do something physical - to run, hunt, retrieve or herd.
Most breeds have basic characteristics.
Most breeds have behavioral characteristics.
Most breeds have bones.
Most breeds have characteristics.
Most breeds have color.
Most breeds have different characteristics.
Most breeds have different color.
Most breeds have different genetic characteristics.
Most breeds have distinguish characteristics.
Most breeds have ears.
Most breeds have expression.
Most breeds have eyes.
Most breeds have forty-two adult teeth.
Most breeds have genetic characteristics.
Most breeds have hairs in all diffferent stages of the growth-shed cycle at the same time.
Most breeds have heads.
Most breeds have issues.
Most breeds have long necks.
Most breeds have long periods.
Most breeds have necks.
Most breeds have noses.
Most breeds have particular characteristics.
Most breeds have periods.
Most breeds have pink gums.
Most breeds have ravenous appetite.
Most breeds have reputations.
Most breeds have sex.
Most breeds have straight noses.
Most breeds have tendencies.
Most breeds produce beef.
Most breeds produce meat.
Most breeds produce taste beef.
Most breeds reach adult body weight.
Most breeds reach body weight.
Most breeds reach maturity.
Most breeds reach weight.
Most breeds require care.
Most breeds require owners.
Most breeds result in production.
Most breeds result in variation.
Most breeds show evidence.
Most breeds show tolerance.
Most breeds show variation.
Most breeds survive climates.
Most breeds survive temperate climates.
Most breeds take places.
Most breeds tend to have at least one inherited eye problem.
Most breeds update their EPDs twice per year.
Most breeds use a fixed base.
Some breeds actually have a propensity for hearing loss.
Some breeds adapt to environments.
Some breeds adapt to local environments.
Some breeds also appear to be more aggressive than others.
Some breeds also require considerably more exercise than others.
Some breeds are adapted to saline seaside shores and saline sandy terrain .
Some breeds are at risk too.
Some breeds are better hunters than others.
Some breeds are better suited for meat production and others are better for egg production.
Some breeds are better suited for, let's say, fur production.
Some breeds are easier to care for than others.
Some breeds are easier to house break than others.
Some breeds are friendlier and more docile then others.
Some breeds are just inappropiate for certain families.
Some breeds are known to be aggressive and are great in the right situations.
Some breeds are less sociable than others and some are known for fighting.
Some breeds are more docile than others.
Some breeds are more double-edged than others.
Some breeds are more expensive to maintain than others.
Some breeds are more free-spirited than others.
Some breeds are more inbred than others.
Some breeds are more inclined to physically protect their property.
Some breeds are more interactive than others.
Some breeds are more laid back and others are very active.
Some breeds are more likely to acquire perineal hernias than others.
Some breeds are more naturally bossy or high strung than others.
Some breeds are more prone to biting than others.
Some breeds are more prone to developing cataracts than others.
Some breeds are more prone to health problems than others.
Some breeds are more sensitive to certain anesthetics than other breeds.
Some breeds are more susceptible than others, pointing to genetic influences.
Some breeds are more vocal than others - usually the more physically and mentally active breeds.
Some breeds are much more susceptible to the heat then others.
Some breeds are notorious for being suspicious of strangers.
Some breeds are notorious for their drool.
Some breeds are prone to constant medical problems.
Some breeds are prone to physical problems such as hip dysplasia, ear cankers, and eye anomalies.
Some breeds are prone to physical problems such as hip dysplasia, ear problems and eye anomalies.
Some breeds are rough and tumble, others are more fastidious.
Some breeds are self-willed and can be a challenge to work with.
Some breeds are supposed to be independent and aloof.
Some breeds are tree-climbers, and others swim in fresh or salt water.
Some breeds are very active and hyper while others are quiet and sedentary.
Some breeds are very needy and other breeds can be very independent.
Some breeds are, on the other hand more tolerant.
Some breeds become roles.
Some breeds can be fairly aggressive.
Some breeds can develop skin and coat problems if over-bathed.
Some breeds differ quite widely from others.
Some breeds do fine with a slow evening stroll around the block.
Some breeds face extinction.
Some breeds have a better survival rate than others.
Some breeds have a 'colder' nose that others, meaning a better nose for weaker scents.
Some breeds have a faint persistent odor all the time.
Some breeds have a genetic predisposition towards aggressiveness.
Some breeds have a high incidence of deafness.
Some breeds have a page for lost dogs of that particular breed.
Some breeds have agressive roosters, others have roosters who are just kind.
Some breeds have average lifespans.
Some breeds have body types.
Some breeds have different size.
Some breeds have diseases.
Some breeds have expectancy.
Some breeds have feathers.
Some breeds have fluffy feathers.
Some breeds have hearty appetites and tend to put on weight easily.
Some breeds have high maintenance requirements with grooming and husbandry care.
Some breeds have high set tails.
Some breeds have larger numbers of bulls that sire small calves.
Some breeds have life expectancy.
Some breeds have lifespans.
Some breeds have odor.
Some breeds have particular rules for toe length, pads, bar shoes, or shoe weight.
Some breeds have physical attributes that reduce their risk of fly strike.
Some breeds have problems.
Some breeds have sheep.
Some breeds have size.
Some breeds have special style patterns.
Some breeds have stronger odors than others.
Some breeds have tails.
Some breeds have teams.
Some breeds have tests.
Some breeds have trouble.
Some breeds have types.
Some breeds have use.
Some breeds have values.
Some breeds have wild types.
Some breeds have years.
Some breeds help reproductive success.
Some breeds help success.
Some breeds learn more quickly than others, some have a character more or less dominate, etc.
Some breeds make better guard dogs than others.
Some breeds make lists.
Some breeds obviously require more attention where clipping, scissoring or stripping is involved.
Some breeds only have hair, some wool and some both.
Some breeds play dominant roles.
Some breeds play roles.
Some breeds produce sheep.
Some breeds produce thicker milk which is ideal for making ice cream.
Some breeds reach puberty.
Some breeds reduce diversity.
Some breeds reduce genetic diversity.
Some breeds remain in heat until they mate.
Some breeds require a lot of exercise daily both physical and mental.
Some breeds require examinations.
Some breeds require frequent brushing between visits.
Some breeds require more exercise time, grooming care, etc.
Some breeds require much exercise.
Some breeds require regular professional clipping.
Some breeds require routine examinations.
Some breeds require special grooming.
Some breeds require tests.
Some breeds seem to be more susceptible to a certain forms of cancer.
Some breeds seem to be very resistant to alternative methods.
Some breeds seem to grow more slowly than others.
Some breeds seem to require more time to train than others.
Some breeds serve markets.
Some breeds serve thrive markets.
Some breeds shed less than others.
Some breeds shed more than others.
Some breeds show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
Some breeds show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram.
Some breeds show types.
Some breeds simply live longer than other breeds due to breed health, body structure and genetics.
Some breeds smell more than others.
Some breeds sound off more often than others.
Some breeds take care.
Some breeds take longer but that is the average.
Some breeds talk better than others, and even that can vary by individuals.
Some breeds tend to be beefier than others.
Some breeds tend to kid on the early side and some on the late side.
A breeder reactor is a reactor
Breeder reactors are nuclear reactors.
Breeder reactors generate new fuel during operation.
Breeder reactors produce more fuel than is consumed.
Breeder reactors seem to be a resource rather than a reserve.
Breeder reactors work.
Some breeder reactors have ability.
A breeder is a farmer
Breeder assumes responsibility of arranging Veterinarian services as necessary.
Breeder inquires welcome.
Breeder isa farmer.
Breeder offers for sale.
Breeder proven bulls present a problem.
Breeder reserves the right to chose another pup of equal value.
Breeder stresses athleticism, intelligence, disposition, versatility and conformation.
Breeders acquire knowledge about what characteristics to look for in breeding stock.
Breeders acquire stock.
Breeders advise against feeding layer mash but turkey ration is acceptable.
Breeders also exchange germplasm.
Breeders also reject buying puppies from pet stores which often obtain the dogs from puppy mills.
Breeders also report that ocicats are voice sensitive.
Breeders also seek to improve the situation by breeding crop plants that thrive in no-till settings.
Breeders also try to develop plants resistant to fungal attacks.
Breeders also watch the overall shape of the pig.
Breeders are a world of experience.
Breeders are also available.
Breeders are also concerned about keeping track of their puppies that they produce.
Breeders are also concerned about keeping track of their puppies.
Breeders are also more likely to close band their birds indicating the year of birth.
Breeders are concerned, however, about weak calves and breed-back conception rates.
Breeders are generally the safest course, because they have dealt with the birds from hatchdate on.
Breeders are humans.
Breeders are in the business to produce litters in order to make money from their sale.
Breeders are jealous of their dogs and are working to prevent genetic problems.
Breeders are more careful.
Breeders are people.
Breeders are sometimes less than forthcoming.
Breeders are sometimes reluctant to let strangers into their bird room.
Breeders are still hard at work on that one.
Breeders are stockmans.
Breeders are the group that really influence what dogs do what at any dog show.
Breeders are usually much more familiar with the behaviors and requirements of the birds they sell.
Breeders are usually the best place to purchase a bird.
Breeders are usually willing to either take back the cat or assist in finding it a new home.
Breeders argue restrictions.
Breeders avoid flaws.
Breeders become breeders.
Breeders believe that long limbs are almost always accompanied by an elongated head.
Breeders breed livestock or pets for purposes such as riding, working, or show.
Breeders bring animals.
Breeders call the process of specially feeding parents conditioning.
Breeders can accommodate a larger number of crosses.
Breeders can advertise breeding lines, puppies and stud dogs here.
Breeders can be sure their valuable sires are receiving very good care.
Breeders can choose from several methods of hip dysplasia diagnosis.
Breeders can develop commercial varieties from the new plants.
Breeders can focus on breeding for venison or velvet production.
Breeders can focus their time on raising quality birds.
Breeders can however make improvements independently by following certain steps.
Breeders can measure factors which determine agronomic performance among the segregating progeny.
Breeders can put their name and phone number on the horse.
Breeders can t always predict the outcome of their placements.
Breeders can use molecular breeding as a tool to complement classical breeding techniques.
Breeders can use semen from the breed's highest proven bulls.
Breeders can use the techniques to screen for the highest-yielding guayule plants.
Breeders claim there are significant differences, but the dogs all come from the same common stock.
Breeders come from all over the world.
Breeders consider strategies.
Breeders continue to produce more and more new varieties each year, Avent says.
Breeders cross different lines to capture the best traits while eliminating undesirable ones.
Breeders deal with tens, hundreds, thousands of lines, keeping huge amounts of data.
Breeders debate the success of line breeding vs. breeding type to type.
Breeders depend on performance.
Breeders desire to develop other crop plants that can fix their own nitrogen.
Breeders develop methods.
Breeders differ in their approaches to evaluating puppies.
Breeders directories too.
Breeders discounts available.
Breeders do provide toys for their rabbits.
Breeders effectively shorten the calving season, and calves are born earlier in the calving season.
Breeders estimate size.
Breeders estimate there are no more than a few thousand in the United States.
Breeders examine ability.
Breeders examine mares before turnout, and they report that stallions also check mares in the band.
Breeders exhibit the type of cattle that represent their breeding program.
Breeders express beliefs.
Breeders fear it.
Breeders find themselves faced with a growing list of ills.
Breeders follow code.
Breeders get a free breed listing with subscription .
Breeders get dogs.
Breeders get types.
Breeders give a glimpse of some promising lines and performance of recent releases in the field.
Breeders Go straight to the source.
Breeders harvest seeds.
Breeders have (part) arms.
Breeders have (part) body substances.
Breeders have (part) cell membranes.
Breeders have (part) cells.
Breeders have (part) corpi.
Breeders have (part) cytoplasm.
Breeders have (part) heads.
Breeders have (part) human bodies.
Breeders have (part) legs.
Breeders have (part) material bodies.
Breeders have (part) necks.
Breeders have (part) nuclei.
Breeders have (part) personality.
Breeders have (part) plasma membranes.
Breeders have (part) sections.
Breeders have (part) vacuoles.
Breeders have a higher social rank than non-breeders.
Breeders have a tendancy to stick their head in the sand.
Breeders have a tendency to stick their head in the sand.
Breeders have animals.
Breeders have bunnies.
Breeders have considerable experience.
Breeders have considerable first hand experience.
Breeders have experience.
Breeders have eyes.
Breeders have goals.
Breeders have hand experience.
Breeders have images.
Breeders have important decisions to make every year about booking their broodmares.
Breeders have information.
Breeders have knowledge.
Breeders have lower reproductive success.
Breeders have more choices in their quest to produce the perfect horse.
Breeders have pet bunnies.
Breeders have practical information.
Breeders have puppies.
Breeders have pups.
Breeders have purposes.
Breeders have real world experience.
Breeders have reproductive success.
Breeders have resources.
Breeders have senses.
Breeders have success.
Breeders have vision.
Breeders help generate the steam to euthanize pound puppies.
Breeders hold puppies.
Breeders invariably take into account the qualities best suited to their requirements or markets.
Breeders know jobs.
Breeders know problems.
Breeders learn hard ways.
Breeders learn ways.
Breeders like to watch their foals closely in the beginning.
Breeders look at animals.
Breeders love dogs.
Breeders maintain the breed s eye appeal, uniformity, natural thickness and moderate size.
Breeders make decisions.
Breeders make differences.
Breeders make fun of gay men by talking with high voices and lisps while limping their wrists.
Breeders need conditions.
Breeders need specific conditions.
Breeders nominate themselves at year end using a form that lists the activities.
Breeders note outstanding performance under all housing and climatic conditions.
Breeders now agree that single-gene resistance was a bad idea.
Breeders now have a variety of colors available also.
Breeders own breeds.
Breeders own dogs.
Breeders own stud dogs.
Breeders possess animals.
Breeders possess dogs.
Breeders prefer to see squared front jaws on puppies.
Breeders prefer white feet.
Breeders prepare for arrivals.
Breeders produce female offspring.
Breeders produce offspring.
Breeders provide parents.
Breeders quickly discover that honey bees respond well to selection.
Breeders raise animals.
Breeders raise healthy cattle, goats, pigs, karakul and fine-wool sheep, racing horses and camels.
Breeders raise horses.
Breeders raise pups.
Breeders realize potential.
Breeders receive data before fall seeding.
Breeders recognize animals.
Breeders recognize beauty.
Breeders recommend diets.
Breeders report rabbits.
Breeders require assistance.
Breeders require much more room because of the males' long tail train.
Breeders routinely euthanize completely deaf dogs, but hearing-impaired dogs are still sold.
Breeders say they are good with small children.
Breeders scrub their cages with vinegar and water a couple times a year.
Breeders select plants.
Breeders select puppies.
Breeders sell and often show their pigs.
Breeders sell animals.
Breeders sell breeding stock.
Breeders sell dogs.
Breeders sell horses.
Breeders set goals.
Breeders show success.
Breeders spend a lot of time and effort planning breeding programs designed to improve the breed.
Breeders spend a lot of time and money on their dogs.
Breeders spend years establishing strains or lines of Budgies.
Breeders strive for uniformity of grade within a fleece.
Breeders suggest choices.
Breeders tend to return to same colony.
Breeders tend to track market share, units sold and total royalty income.
Breeders test breed dogs.
Breeders test dogs.
Breeders test their gameness in weight-pulling contests.
Breeders understand genetics.
Breeders use a kennel name and the registered names of the dogs they breed include that name.
Breeders use cloning to collect plants with certain desired traits.
Breeders use contracts to protect puppies, their breed and their own reputations.
Breeders use genetic ratios along with probability in their crosses.
Breeders use knowledge.
Breeders use principles.
Breeders use the certifications to determine which animals are best selected for breeding.
Breeders utilize approaches.
Breeders utilize similar approaches.
Breeders will have operations.
Breeders will have pregnancy.
Breeders wishing to preserve an individual take a small tissue sample from the animal.
Breeders work hard to establish a bloodline and are concerned with protection of the breed.
Breeders frequently count themselves lucky if they break even.
Breeders often hang a nest box to bring out breeding behavior in their pairs.
Breeders often have older puppies and adults for sale.
Breeders often refer to dogs with only one scrotal testicle as being monorchid.
Breeders usually fall into one of two categories.
Breeders usually give initial vaccines at five to six weeks of age.
Breeders usually know which vets know birds and which vets to stay away from.
Breeders usually make kittens available between twelve and sixteen weeks of age.
All breeders are welcome to join.
All breeders have their own way of doing things, and all breeders know their own golden retrievers.
All breeders have to abide by our Clubs Code Of Ethics.
All breeders know the importance of the balance between calcium and phosphorus.
All breeders produce the good, the bad, and the ugly.
All breeders provide a winter cool down to stimulate reproduction.
Every breeder has a pair of scales.
Every breeder has similar horror stories.
Every breeder has their own idea of what they want to breed for.
Every breeder has their own method of gluing ears.
Every breeder has to make certain decisions based on their experience and purpose.
Every breeder is different, with different views, ideas, methods, practices, etc.
Every breeder owes to the breed and to themselves to be involved with rescue.
Every breeder uses a slightly different contract, so read through it carefully.
Every breeder works their selection process differently.
Many breeders frequently have adult dogs who are looking for good homes.
Many breeders usually buy in bulk from one of the large seed suppliers advertised.
Many breeders advertise in cat related magazines and newspapers.
Many breeders advise additional meat, vegetables, and cottage cheese, particularly for puppies.
Many breeders advise against feeding domestic cat diets.
Many breeders allow pickup of new kittens between twelve and sixteen weeks of age.
Many breeders also allow Silvers free range on their farms.
Many breeders also give books, articles or videos explaining dog and puppy care.
Many breeders also offer live food such as mealworms or feeder fish to breeding and growing birds.
Many breeders are also involved in bulldog rescue, independently from any rescue network or group.
Many breeders are fans of the technique while others prefer outcrossing whenever possible.
Many breeders are very good at cavy genetics.
Many breeders are wary of rushing to commit their four-footed and financial assets.
Many breeders are year-round residents.
Many breeders argue that coursing is still important.
Many breeders dispute as to the carriage of the tail.
Many breeders enjoy making cheese, fudge, soap and other goat milk products.
Many breeders finally give up their breeding program.
Many breeders flatly blaim the genes when faced with hip dysplasia.
Many breeders focus on trying to determine when the female ovulates.
Many breeders gather here with products, services and information about alpacas.
Many breeders give less grain if good pasture and browse are available.
Many breeders give less grain if good pasture and browse is available.
Many breeders go even further.
Many breeders go for the improvement in the variety far to quickly.
Many breeders guarantee against genetic disease for the life of the dog.
Many breeders have a spay or neuter clause in their contract for pets.
Many breeders have different policies concerning vaccinating their puppies.
Many breeders have kittens available for sale.
Many breeders have sales contracts or agreements.
Many breeders now practice the closed aviary concept.
Many breeders prefer the tighter, busy patterns with small, close together spots.
Many breeders recommend having a board or piece of sheetrock in the cage.
Many breeders recommend that bucks be neutered if they are sold as pets.
Many breeders require a mare to have the rear shoes taken off.
Many breeders retain their offspring to build their herds.
Many breeders retain their offspring to build up their herds.
Many breeders retain their offspring, building their herds.
Many breeders routinely separate the male from the females after the breeding season.
Many breeders say intermediates are in their ugly stage.
Many breeders sell bottle-fed babies that are bonded with humans and easy to manage.
Many breeders sell some or all of their puppies on nonbreeding agreements.
Many breeders send their bitches to a stud dog to be bred.
Many breeders start with several breeding age females and perhaps one male.
Many breeders think copper sulfates, found in most fish food, are tolerated in low amounts.
Many breeders think so.
Many breeders use a bare tank with only a sponge filter as filtration.
Many breeders use cages that are two foot by two foot by three foot long.
Many breeders use commercial chick incubators.
Many breeders use heating pads to warm and keep kittens warm.
Many breeders use the commonly available plastic animal carriers with sturdy wire doors.
Many breeders wish they had a dog like Le Cliff Jock now.
Most breeders acquire stock.
Most breeders agree to replace the dog with one of similar quality.
Most breeders also suggest foods derived primarily from chicken.
Most breeders are so careful about who gets their birds.
Most breeders argue restrictions.
Most breeders avoid flaws.
Most breeders become breeders.
Most breeders bring animals.
Most breeders buy the large cat beds for queens and kittens.
Most breeders carefully evaluate a litter, socialise, grade, and place puppies accordingly.
Most breeders consider strategies.
Most breeders consider themselves lucky if they can break even on a litter.
Most breeders depend on performance.
Most breeders develop methods.
Most breeders do prefer to be close at hand during delivery however, just in case.
Most breeders do require a deposit for a puppy.
Most breeders estimate size.
Most breeders examine ability.
Most breeders express beliefs.
Most breeders extend their work for the breed to rescuing abandoned dogs from the shelter.
Most breeders fight back in one form or another for awhile.
Most breeders find homes by word of mouth.
Most breeders follow code.
Most breeders get dogs.
Most breeders get types.
Most breeders have animals.
Most breeders have better prices than pet shops.
Most breeders have bunnies.
Most breeders have considerable experience.
Most breeders have considerable first hand experience.
Most breeders have contracts that guarantee the pup if there is a problem.
Most breeders have experience.
Most breeders have eyes.
Most breeders have goals.
Most breeders have hand experience.
Most breeders have images.
Most breeders have information.
Most breeders have knowledge.
Most breeders have lower reproductive success.
Most breeders have pet bunnies.
Most breeders have practical information.
Most breeders have puppies.
Most breeders have pups.
Most breeders have purposes.
Most breeders have real world experience.
Most breeders have reproductive success.
Most breeders have resources.
Most breeders have senses.
Most breeders have small operations.
Most breeders have success.
Most breeders have vision.
Most breeders hold puppies.
Most breeders inject the chip between the ages of five and eight weeks of age.
Most breeders know jobs.
Most breeders know problems.
Most breeders know the problems connected to keeping alive and rearing an orphan foal.
Most breeders learn hard ways.
Most breeders learn ways.
Most breeders like to interview prospective owners, either verbally, by email, 'phone etc.
Most breeders live on the West or East coasts.
Most breeders look at animals.
Most breeders love dogs.
Most breeders make decisions.
Most breeders make differences.
Most breeders only consider the first and last.
Most breeders only stick around for a few years or a few litters before quitting.
Most breeders overfeed, that is the biggest problem in hand raising.
Most breeders own dogs.
Most breeders own stud dogs.
Most breeders possess animals.
Most breeders possess dogs.
Most breeders prepare for arrivals.
Most breeders price their puppies according to whether they are show or pet quality.
Most breeders produce female offspring.
Most breeders produce offspring.
Most breeders provide a detailed guarantee with their puppies.
Most breeders provide parents.
Most breeders raise animals.
Most breeders raise pups.
Most breeders realize potential.
Most breeders recognize animals.
Most breeders recognize beauty.
Most breeders recommend a high-quality dry food.
Most breeders recommend diets.
Most breeders recommend formal obedience.
Most breeders recommend that hay be available all the time, as it provides essential fiber.
Most breeders report rabbits.
Most breeders require assistance.
Most breeders seem to prefer a deep nest box, but again, there are exceptions.
Most breeders sell animals.
Most breeders sell dogs.
Most breeders sell horses.
Most breeders sell out of lambs early and the demand exceeds the supply.
Most breeders sell their puppies and dogs with some type of written contract.
Most breeders show success.
Most breeders simply rely on dog food or fish pellets.
Most breeders stand behind and guarantee their chicks.
Most breeders suggest choices.
Most breeders understand genetics.
Most breeders use knowledge.
Most breeders use principles.
Most breeders utilize approaches.
Most breeders utilize similar approaches.
Some breeders achieve good breed results.
Some breeders achieve results.
Some breeders add a few drops of methylene blue to the water to cut down on the fungus occurence.
Some breeders add electrolytes to the water source.
Some breeders advocate feeding giant breed puppies only adult food to control their growth.
Some breeders also feed grain in the winter or to growing or lactating llamas.
Some breeders also screen for eye problems, thyroid problems, etc.
Some breeders analyze patterns.
Some breeders appreciate goals.
Some breeders are confident enough of their lines to guarantee a title.
Some breeders are more right for show people and some are more right for pet people.
Some breeders arrive on territory.
Some breeders avoid danger.
Some breeders begin creations.
Some breeders begin successful creations.
Some breeders breed parakeets to get good or new genetic combinations.
Some breeders can be very pedantic about what they feel is the 'correct' colours or markings.
Some breeders carry juice.
Some breeders carry lemon juice.
Some breeders charge extra for kittens they think have show potential.
Some breeders charge more for show prospects than for pets, others charge the same price for both.
Some breeders choose individuals.
Some breeders choose raw diets, other prefer a holistic dog food.
Some breeders choose to remove the cygnets to allow the pair to double clutch.
Some breeders choose to use a card file with index cards.
Some breeders complain about soaked oats causing diarrhea.
Some breeders contact local offices.
Some breeders contact soil conservation offices.
Some breeders continue tradition.
Some breeders create color variation.
Some breeders create variation.
Some breeders defend nest sites.
Some breeders defend sites.
Some breeders develop draft mules.
Some breeders develop mules.
Some breeders develop shapes.
Some breeders develop tail shapes.
Some breeders devote time.
Some breeders discover diploid plants.
Some breeders discover plants.
Some breeders discuss health problems.
Some breeders discuss possibility.
Some breeders discuss problems.
Some breeders do tests.
Some breeders even make a nice profit from their birds.
Some breeders feed babies.
Some breeders feed diets.
Some breeders feed on marine worms.
Some breeders feed on worms.
Some breeders find plants.
Some breeders focus on conformation, proper coat, and movement.
Some breeders follow fall migration routes.
Some breeders follow routes.
Some breeders follow themes in naming their litters of puppies.
Some breeders follow traditional routes.
Some breeders get advantage.
Some breeders get tax advantage.
Some breeders have advantage.
Some breeders have birds.
Some breeders have destinations.
Some breeders have full responsibility.
Some breeders have have boas.
Some breeders have kittens.
Some breeders have options.
Some breeders have outbreaks.
Some breeders have requirements.
Some breeders have responsibility.
Some breeders have stories.
Some breeders have very strong preferences for one breed or another.
Some breeders have young birds.
Some breeders help bulldogs.
Some breeders insist upon co-ownership of the pups they sell.
Some breeders keep turkeys.
Some breeders kill guanacos.
Some breeders know of danger.
Some breeders know of inherent danger.
Some breeders know states.
Some breeders maintain diversity.
Some breeders make progress.
Some breeders make significant progress.
Some breeders measure out the proper amount of feed for each emu and set it out for each one.
Some breeders mix the soil with clean sand.
Some breeders neuter their kittens before leaving for their new homes.
Some breeders offer a HD-free certification of both parents.
Some breeders offer food.
Some breeders only sell by reservation, six and twelve months in advance.
Some breeders opt to remove each egg as it is laid, replacing it with a plastic dummy egg.
Some breeders own cats.
Some breeders participate in such activities as therapy or performance events with their dogs.
Some breeders perform tests.
Some breeders perform various health tests.
Some breeders pick the puppies for the new owner, some give the owner full reign.
Some breeders possess cats.
Some breeders possess hens.
Some breeders possess parrots.
Some breeders possess rats.
Some breeders prefer breeders.
Some breeders prefer genetics.
Some breeders prefer hay without the seed heads that get tangled in llama wool.
Some breeders prefer older mares since they're more likely to have a good production record.
Some breeders prefer to clip after a bath when the nail is softer.
Some breeders price each pup separately, and others charge the same price for everything.
Some breeders produce animals.
Some breeders produce pure-bred rabbits for the pet and show industries.
Some breeders produce unhealthy animals.
Some breeders provide adjusted hip height or frame score on their sale bulls.
Some breeders provide resources.
Some breeders provide water.
Some breeders quit.
Some breeders raise birds.
Some breeders raise cattle.
Some breeders raise exotic birds.
Some breeders raise fowl.
Some breeders raise goats.
Some breeders raise horses.
Some breeders raise puppies.
Some breeders raise turkeys.
Some breeders recognize parents.
Some breeders recognize quality.
Some breeders recommend a small amount of monkey chow in addition to the wallaby pellets.
Some breeders recommend use.
Some breeders rely heavily on various puppy temperament testing methods.
Some breeders remove anthers.
Some breeders report conditions.
Some breeders report that fescue in the pasture can be the cause of abortion or perhaps death.
Some breeders see plants.
Some breeders seek advice.
Some breeders sell beef.
Some breeders sell birds.
Some breeders sell cats.
Some breeders sell cattle.
Some breeders sell fowl.
Some breeders sell foxes.
Some breeders sell goats.
Some breeders sell hamsters.
Some breeders sell llamas.
Some breeders sell parrots.
Some breeders sell pigeons.
Some breeders sell ponies.
Some breeders sell rabbits.
Some breeders sell rats.
Some breeders sell snakes.
Some breeders sell turkeys.
Some breeders sell turtles.
Some breeders show dogs.
Some breeders simply breed every three months.
Some breeders simply use a childs plastic swimming pool and feel like it relly serves the purpose.
Some breeders start feeding adult food very soon.
Some breeders still drown white pups, much to our disgust.
Some breeders suggest keeping the puppy on puppy food for the first year of their life.
Some breeders supplement with extra protein, e.g., dry kitten food or scrambled egg.
Some breeders swear by spoon feeding and others insist that syringe feeding is the way to go.
Some breeders switch to alfalfa or timothy three months before the mare is due to foal.
Some breeders take babies.
Some breeders take care.
Some breeders test breed stock.
Some breeders test stock.
Some breeders treat breeders.
Some breeders undertake responsibility.
Some breeders use a different color for each calander year.
Some breeders use ball pythons.
Some breeders use both.
Some breeders use candle torches.
Some breeders use distilled water.
Some breeders use gallon tanks.
Some breeders use light.
Some breeders use males from another kennel to strengthen their kennel's bloodlines.
Some breeders use measurements.
Some breeders use medicine.
Some breeders use open leg bands on their aviary birds that are caught at adult size.
Some breeders use products.
Some breeders use pythons.
Some breeders use special vaccination schedules for their breeding stock and young puppies.
Some breeders use tanks.
Some breeders use tools.
Some breeders use torches.
Some breeders utilize instinct.
Some breeders utilize maternal instinct.
Some breeders wait until their birds are sixteen months old.
Some breeders work with snakes.
Some breeders work with tentacle snakes.
A breeding ground is a tract
Breeding grounds are in general to the north of common terns.
Breeding grounds are known as rookeries.
Breeding grounds are marshes, wet thickets , ponds , and prairies.
Breeding period can last from one week to one month.
Breeding programmes produce thoroughbreds for both flat and jumps racing.
Breeding range includes Alaska, all of Canada, and the northeastern portion of the United States.
Breeding range includes most of Canada and all coast lines.
Breeding range includes the eastern coastline and central area of North America.
Breeding system is multimale.
Breeding systems depend on the natural behaviour of the fish.
Breeding adds to the overpopulation.
Breeding also occurs in slash and windthrow trees.
Breeding also takes place at night.
Breeding appears to be sporadic and dependent on occasional heavy rains.
Breeding appears to occur throughout the year, with peak months for births varying geographically.
Breeding appears to take place at any time of year.
Breeding appears to take place throughout the year.
Breeding are elegance.
Breeding are production.
Breeding are socialization.
Breeding begins and soon a colony is established.
Breeding begins around the third or fourth year.
Breeding begins as soon as birds arrive.
Breeding begins in spring and runs to autumn.
Breeding begins with courtship.
Breeding begins with elaborate courtship displays by the male.
Breeding can also take place in sugar beet, potato and rye fields in the Netherlands and Germany.
Breeding can be continuous.
Breeding can be difficult.
Breeding can be in labs, too.
Breeding can be tricky as they prefer to whelp only during vestry meetings.
Breeding can be year-round.
Breeding can even bring back into gardens and cities some of the visual qualities of wildness.
Breeding can happen year-round, but is based mainly on times of food abundance.
Breeding can occur all year, yet, most young are born in the winter, spring, and early summer time.
Breeding can occur at any stage of the year.
Breeding can occur at any time of year but is usually in spring when it is starting to get warmer.
Breeding can occur at any time throughout the year, but births are rarer in the dry season.
Breeding can occur once or twice in the lifetime of a cutthroat trout.
Breeding can occur throughout the year in Florida.
Breeding can occur throughout the year, with peaks in spring and summer.
Breeding can occur virtually all year round depending on the species.
Breeding can take place any time of the year.
Breeding can take place anytime during the year.
Breeding can take place at any time of the year with bucks being the most active in spring and fall.
Breeding can take place during the heat cycle.
Breeding can take place in almost any room of the house.
Breeding continues into the summer and fall.
Breeding continues whilst the grasses continue to germinate and provide a rich source of energy.
Breeding continues year round.
Breeding depends a great deal on the temperature.
Breeding depends on environmental conditions, particularly rainfall.
Breeding follows improved food and temperature conditions.
Breeding follows the improved food and temperature conditions at that time.
Breeding gives the bandicoots the opportunity to build their numbers back up.
Breeding goes back to some of the greatest field trial dogs that ever lived.
Breeding happens only in a short period of the year, especially with wildcaught ones.
Breeding involves art, science and total devotion.
Breeding involves crossing selected parents of the same or closely related species.
Breeding involves selecting and crossing plants with desirable traits such as disease resistance.
Breeding involves the mixing of two complete genomes.
Breeding is a big job, and a major commitment.
Breeding is a compromise of many traits.
Breeding is a dirty, messy, job at times, especially as the puppies get older.
Breeding is a long-term effort.
Breeding is a social process.
Breeding is a very exciting experience full of trial and error.
Breeding is a very serious concern, and best left to the ethical and conscientious people.
Breeding is an imperfect science at best.
Breeding is based around food availability.
Breeding is believed to take place in the spring.
Breeding is by the genetic operators of selection, crossover, and mutation.
Breeding is carried out in mass laminar airflow units.
Breeding is certain in all but two counties of the state.
Breeding is colonial.
Breeding is continuous throughout the winter, especially in potatoes in storage.
Breeding is continuous with no evidence of diapuase or other resting stage.
Breeding is continuous, with several annual generations.
Breeding is different.
Breeding is done a very limited basis therefore reservations are highly recommended.
Breeding is done in a prone, lying position.
Breeding is done strictly for the betterment and continuation of the breed.
Breeding is done under a roof, and finishing pigs have access to shade in the concrete lots.
Breeding is down among birds known for their happy feet.
Breeding is during the dry season.
Breeding is easy.
Breeding is encouraged through the issuing of premiums and grants.
Breeding is expensive and often duplicative.
Breeding is generally the only time chameleons are housed together for short periods.
Breeding is good for two seasons.
Breeding is good.
Breeding is greatest in spring and fall, drops some in summer, and drops substantially in winter.
Breeding is happy with the results so far.
Breeding is hard work.
Breeding is identical to that of the nominate race.
Breeding is in autumn and early winter or after summer rains.
Breeding is in late fall, winter, and early spring.
Breeding is in the fall and depends on the female having built up sufficient fat reserves.
Breeding is just a crap-shoot, anyway.
Breeding is known to occur at two coastal sites which flood when sufficient rainfall is received.
Breeding is later at higher latitudes and altitudes.
Breeding is limited to the marshy area, small numbers of dabblers and divers breed here.
Breeding is long term and expensive but plant varieties once released are often easily reproduced.
Breeding is more than just throwing two dogs together to produce pups.
Breeding is most active in spring and fall.
Breeding is most active in spring and summer but can occur year round.
Breeding is most likely to happen in outdoor enclosures like backyard ponds.
Breeding is no longer the result of sex.
Breeding is non- seasonal and can be done three times in two years.
Breeding is non-seasonal and therefore occurs at any time of year.
Breeding is now well under way for many resident species of birds.
Breeding is observed very frequently.
Breeding is only part of the joy of a colony tank.
Breeding is optimized when animals are continuously retained in breeding pairs.
Breeding is probably impossible.
Breeding is promiscuous.
Breeding is relatively simple.
Breeding is reported in all seasons, and successive copulation frequently occurs.
Breeding is reported in both autumn and spring.
Breeding is restricted to one litter annually per pack, born to the alpha female.
Breeding Is Safe.
Breeding is said to be relatively easy.
Breeding is said to work best in groups of about ten animals.
Breeding is seasonal when fruit is in abundance.
Breeding is seasonal, with births coinciding with the region's rainy season.
Breeding is secondary.
Breeding is signaled by the appearance of red, white and blue skin behind the bird's eyes.
Breeding is similar to natural selection in a few ways.
Breeding is similar to other moles.
Breeding is sometimes very explosive and lasts only three to four days.
Breeding is such type of behavior that one species increase their offspring.
Breeding is synchronized with the onset of the rainy season.
Breeding is the central purpose for seabirds to visit land.
Breeding is the collective term applied when attempting to raise young canaries to adulthood.
Breeding is thought to occur only once a year, in the spring, and litter size is about three young.
Breeding is timed to coincide with the maximum flowering of the 'ohia trees.
Breeding is usually year around.
Breeding is variable and dependent on rain.
Breeding is very limited and carefully planned.
Breeding is very limited.
Breeding is very time consuming and can take many years before a new cultivar can be developed.
Breeding is year-round in the tropical areas, and seasonal in the savannas.
Breeding lists the technologies and methods available to libraries today.
Breeding makes a number of predictions.
Breeding means a big commitment.
Breeding occurs all year round, but the peak mating seasons occur in the cold months.
Breeding occurs all year round, females breed one to three times a year with a litter size of one.
Breeding occurs all year round.
Breeding occurs all year.
Breeding occurs annually for many consecutive years.
Breeding occurs earlier in the south and later in the north.
Breeding occurs mainly in mid-summer.
Breeding occurs mainly in the fall and early winter.
Breeding occurs most often in the spring and summer months after a period of brumation.
Breeding occurs only once every single year in bald eagles.
Breeding occurs only once in every two years.
Breeding occurs roughly three days later than the blue-spotted salamander.
Breeding occurs seasonally.
Breeding occurs when sufficient surface water is available at the breeding site.
Breeding produces offspring only slowly.
Breeding provides case studies of working applications and highlights their keys to success.
Breeding represents the best of Westphalian dressage and jumping lines.
Breeding requires a cool winter dormancy.
Breeding requires a great deal of commitment, time and expense.
Breeding requires having two or more pictures selected.
Breeding requires much study.
Breeding requires pollinating a female cannabis plant with male pollen.
Breeding requires slightly more extreme conditions.
Breeding requires virtually no effort.
Breeding seems to be affected by photoperiod, or daylight length.
Breeding seems to continue throughout the year.
Breeding seems to correspond with the wet seasons in both West and East Africa.
Breeding starts at the first sign of cold weather.
Breeding stresses the female dog.
Breeding takes a great deal of energy by both buck and doe.
Breeding takes place a few weeks after birth.
Breeding takes place after a very simple low-key courtship display.
Breeding takes place all year long, although mainly during the summer.
Breeding takes place all year round but most calves are born in the summer.
Breeding takes place all year round, with a peak in spring and autumn.
Breeding takes place all year round.
Breeding takes place all year with rain.
Breeding takes place before the migration back to the Alaskan waters begins.
Breeding takes place cyclically in spring and summer.
Breeding takes place during the first half of the year.
Breeding takes place during the night in shallow waters.
Breeding takes place during the night, in shallow waters.
Breeding takes place during the spring.
Breeding takes place from late spring to early summer.
Breeding takes place in early summer.
Breeding takes place in late spring or early summer.
Breeding takes place in late spring.
Breeding takes place in late summer and early autumn.
Breeding takes place in late winter.
Breeding takes place in rocky and mountainous situations.
Breeding takes place in shallow pools that result from heavy rains.
Breeding takes place in shallow waters at the edge of springs.
Breeding takes place in small ponds and coulees.
Breeding takes place in spring and early summer.
Breeding takes place in spring and the lynx takes shelter in caves or in hollow trees or logs.
Breeding takes place in the spring and autumn months.
Breeding takes place in the Spring with heavy rains.
Breeding takes place in the summer months, and a clutch of one or two eggs is laid.
Breeding takes place in the summer, but the embryos go dormant.
Breeding takes place in tropical waters in the winter, usually once every two years.
Breeding takes place in warmer waters but little is known of breeding areas.
Breeding takes place in wet straw, spilled feeds, silage, and decaying vegetation.
Breeding takes place in winter and the eggs are laid in spring.
Breeding takes place mainly in the spring and autumn with litters averaging about six young.
Breeding takes place on islands and some mainland spots on the coasts of California and Mexico.
Breeding takes place on remote islands and beaches in the Autumn when single pups are born.
Breeding takes place on rocky or sandy islands or land fast ice after pups are weaned.
Breeding takes place once a year in the late spring.
Breeding takes place one to four days after females emerge from hibernation.
Breeding takes place over very few days.
Breeding takes place soon after the animal has woken from hibernation.
Breeding takes place throughout the year, but occurs predominantly during the summer months.
Breeding takes place throughout the year, yielding one offspring.
Breeding takes place throughout the year.
Breeding takes place when there is surface water avaliable.
Breeding takes place whenever the seasons permit, with no defined period in non-seasonal areas.
Breeding takes place within a few days after the female emerges.
Breeding takes place year round, but mainly in the summer.
Breeding takes place year round, though Chilean flamingos usually build nest mounds in late spring.
Breeding takes place year round.
Breeding takes precedence.
Breeding tends to be more successful on more nutritious heather.
Breeding varies from year to year.
Breedings involving young males proceed more smoothly if they are paired with experienced bitches.
Breeding always puts soundness and quality above appearance.
Breeding often becomes a natural evolution in that relationship.
Breeding often takes place in the early spring near the female's burrow.
All breeding is done by artificial insemination either on our premises or by shipped chilled semen.
All breeding is done by artificial insemination.
All breeding is done in our cattery with our own cats.
All breeding is performed artificially.
All breeding is seasonal and during fall quarter only.
All breeding is therefore by artificial insemination which increases the overall rate of fertility.
All breedings are with guaranteed live foal.
All breedings come with a generous live birth and ulta sound guarantee.
All breedings come with a live foal guarantee.
Every breeding is a carefully planned endeavor to produce a better dog.
Every breeding is planned and puppies are only produced occassionally.
More breeding seems to happen at certain times of year.
Most breeding is done by mature males five to eight years old.
Most breeding is guesswork.
Most breeding occurs on interior rivers.
Most breeding takes place in spring.
Some breeding also occurs in sea caves.
Breeze Hill can even make a rainy day a beautiful evening to dine.
BreeZe products are a unique line designed specifically for the industry.
A breeze is wind
Breeze becomes gust, flattening ripples into soft dark patches on the water.
Breeze begin blow strong, strong.
Breeze blows paper towel upward next to egg which remains stationary.
Breeze is on the right.
Breeze isa wind.
Breeze opens poolside during the summer and serves grill items, salads and snacks.
Breeze promotes fresh breath and white teeth.
Breezes are always gentle here.
Breezes are blowing.
Breezes are usually present in the condo.
Breezes are wind.
Breezes breathe upward.
Breezes can carry the seeds far from the parent tree, thus helping maples spread to new areas.
Breezes can form as cool air settles to the bottom of connected cave tunnels.
Breezes can set it moving in plies and entrechats.
Breezes coming off the lake can make it seem alot cooler than reported temperatures.
Breezes describe wind.
Breezes fuel fire.
Breezes however is a fantastic resort.
Breezes occur in regions.
Breezes occur in temperate regions.
Breezes penetrate atmospheres.
Breezes penetrate marine atmospheres.
Breezes produce motion.
Breezes produce upward motion.
Breezes provide moisture.
Breezes provides an active, friendly and relaxed atmosphere where pretty much anything goes.
Breezes send it softly swaying.
Breezes threaten to magnify any mistake.
Any breeze is a good breeze when it's hot out.
Any breeze seems to hurt the eye and ear.
Every breeze implies the wings of a faraway butterfly.
Every breeze is good.
Every breeze sends softly soothing music through the air.
Most breezes occur in regions.
Most breezes occur in temperate regions.
Most breezes produce motion.
Most breezes produce upward motion.
Most breezes provide moisture.
Some breezes create plumes.
Some breezes occur at nights.
Breezy conditions do prevail any season.
Breezy fashions fill the store windows.
Breezy style covers Web design issues, new software, books and more.
Breier score is the average mean squared error of the predicted and observed event in any data set.
Brembo brakes enable the rider to avoid even the most inattentive commuter.
Bremer officials don t argue that point.
Bremer soils are in southern and eastern Iowa, northern Missouri, Kansas, and Minnesota.
Bremer soils are on low stream terraces or high second bottomlands.
Bremer support is fine.
Brent geese spend the winter here before returning to the Arctic to breed.
A brent is a goose
Brants are found across North America, Europe, and eastern Asia.
Brent attracts some of the biggest national and international sporting and entertainment names.
Brent believes there is nothing more important than personal freedom.
Brent brings a wealth of experience to delivering the latest news and sports.
Brent brings a wealth of experience.
Brent builds guitars of the highest quality, one at a time, paying close attention to every detail.
Brent calls out for numbers one through forty to line up on the steps.
Brent comes from a talented family.
Brent comes up with the central musical ideas.
Brent enjoys meeting new classmates and different people at school.
Brent enjoys photography, sports, and camping.
Brent enjoys playing golf and soccer.
Brent helps with data acquisition and analysis.
Brent is active in industry and community activities.
Brent is from Virginia.
Brent is home recovering and is doing well.
Brent is intense, sensitive and creative.
Brent is into sports of any kind but especially likes hunting and fishing.
Brent just picks stuff up amazingly quickly.
Brent knows and is involved in the community.
Brent likes shutting down servers.
Brent likes to eat colored construction paper.
Brent likes whiskey.
Brent offers some of the finest attractions and facilities in the country.
Brent plays the Irish flute, tin whistle, the bones and the bodhran.
Brent prints an incorrect story on who the killer is and is fired.
Brent provides several useful links, as well as The Word Weaver Awards.
Brent truly is a gifted, poetic writer.
Brent works together with local agencies to provide a comprehensive business support service .
Brents are nuts.
Brents desire sex.
Brents takes the biblical texts on divine repentance and change of mind very seriously.
Most brants have brain damage.
Most brants have damage.
Most brants suffer from disorder.
Most brants suffer from sexual disorder.
Most brants suffer from substance dependence disorder.
Some brants have ability.
Some brants have illnesses.
Some brants have problems.
Some brants have short necks.
Some brants have underlie problems.
Bretting machines fit a multitude of applications.
A breve is a diacritic
Breves dies hominis sunt, numerus mensium eius apud te est.
Brevity becomes a kind of permission.
Brevity brings the best results.
Brevity can be very powerful.
Brevity comes at a cost, however.
Brevity has immense power.
Brevity has it's advantageous.
Brevity is a big drawback, but it's worth the wait at least once.
Brevity is a blessing for the same reasons.
Brevity is a definite advantage.
Brevity is a golden rule, but a special kind of brevity.
Brevity is a great charm of eloquence.
Brevity is a key element, but only because it can aid task-oriented activity.
Brevity is a plus .
Brevity is a sign of clear thinking on the part of the writer and a courtesy to the reviewer.
Brevity is a virtue and verbiage a liability.
Brevity is a virtue except when it is at the expense of essential information.
Brevity is a virtue in project reports.
Brevity is a virtue.
Brevity is a welcome component of instructional tutorials for distant education constituents.
Brevity is a wonderful thing.
Brevity is achieved without obscurity coming as the result.
Brevity is an advantage.
Brevity is an art.
Brevity is another matter.
Brevity is appreciated during vocal ministry.
Brevity is appreciated.
Brevity is authority.
Brevity is beautiful.
Brevity is best.
Brevity is better.
Brevity is both encouraged and appreciated.
Brevity is brilliance.
Brevity is critical with an email cover letter.
Brevity is desirable, so that date information is visible on the summary screen.
Brevity is desired.
Brevity is durations.
Brevity is encouraged but be sure to answer the question asked.
Brevity is encouraged but be sure to completely answer the question asked.
Brevity is encouraged.
Brevity is especially important for television and radio.
Brevity is especially useful when one merely needs a refresher.
Brevity is essential.
Brevity is gold.
Brevity is good for the soul, anyway.
Brevity is good.
Brevity Is Good.
Brevity is highly desirable provided all the necessary explanations are complete.
Brevity is important to an employer because they have thousands of resumes to examine in some cases.
Brevity is important.
Brevity is key in today's fast-paced world.
Brevity is key, but the message is the same.
Brevity is key, however.
Brevity is key.
Brevity is king on the Internet.
Brevity is king.
Brevity is mandatory.
Brevity is next to godliness.
Brevity is nice, too.
Brevity is often the soul of wit.
Brevity is preferred, the space is provided when needed.
Brevity is preferred.
Brevity is recommended for communicating with for-profit enterprise.
Brevity is stressed.
Brevity is style
Brevity is the art.
Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator.
Brevity is the bomb.
Brevity is the essence of good communication.
Brevity is the first principle of rhetoric too, and perhaps the most violated.
Brevity is the first step to good preaching.
Brevity is the initial rest period .
Brevity is the initial rest period.
Brevity is the key to a side project's longevity.
Brevity is the key to a well-received eulogy.
Brevity is the key to auditions.
Brevity is the key to TV interviews.
Brevity is the mark of mercy in the hour of the chastisement of believers.
Brevity is the operative word.
Brevity is the sister of talent.
Brevity is the soul of a good business plan.
Brevity is the soul of acronyms.
Brevity is the soul of e-mail.
Brevity is the soul of lingerie.
Brevity is the soul of power pop.
Brevity is the soul of superficiality.
Brevity is the soul of the web.
Brevity is the soul of wisdom.
Brevity is the soul of wit and good answers.
Brevity is the soul of wit. . . .
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Brevity is the sovl of wit.
Brevity is the.
Brevity is underestimated and even scorned.
Brevity is usually a virtue.
Brevity is valued.
Brevity is very important.
Brevity is vital.
Brevity is, of course, the hallmark of one's style.
Brevity summarizes documents into an abbreviated form.
Brevity always carries the danger of sounding snippy and combative.
Brews are a bit expensive for a beer, but priced about right for South Florida.
Brews are alcohol.
Brews are fresh out of the casks.
Brewed coffee drains downward into the bottom chamber.
Brewed coffee has much more caffeine than tea or cola.
Brewed coffee is liquids.
Brewed coffee seems to create hundreds of new chemicals that appear to have antioxidant qualities.
Brewed coffee works best to bolster other forms of coffee.
Brewer spruce is a native, endemic conifer.
Brewer spruce is endemic to the Klamath region of northwestern California and adjacent Oregon.
A brewer is a maker
Brewer admits to being a colorful character, a bit unique.
Brewer assumes the man is insane.
Brewer builds courts of varying size depending on the customer's yard and budget.
Brewer chairs the association's task force on higher education.
Brewer circles the net while reciting a private mantra to ease the sting.
Brewer counts many American coaches as friends.
Brewer is on a three-game playoff scoring streak, notching five assists.
Brewer laughs when people say someone's played soccer all their life.
Brewer lists a number of benefits of having an agricultural society.
Brewer looks frail and worn, and smiles disarmingly.
Brewer points out they serve as the basis for determining a person's recommended daily fat intake.
Brewer points toward the trailer's double axles.
Brewer runs marinas throughout New England.
Brewer sets the minimum for each calendar, including school holidays.
Brewer spruce recovery from fire is generally slow.
Brewers are at peace with themselves.
Brewers are beverages.
Brewers are capable of bottle beers.
Brewers are increasingly in competition with wholesalers.
Brewers are makers.
Brewers are manufacturers.
Brewers are the only members of our staffs authorized to sell kegs to the public.
Brewers call it sensory evaluation, and it's vital to their success.
Brewers can control lacing by changing the hop extract that they use for brewing.
Brewers combine ingredients in many combinations to produce different types and flavors of beer.
Brewers consider it a product of a craft.
Brewers decide to go for it.
Brewers find creative ways to win as school record falls.
Brewers have many options available for off-premise distribution.
Brewers have one problem fewer than others.
Brewers have to boil water to make beer, thus killing the microbes that imperil health.
Brewers have too much to lose by poisoning or defrauding customers.
Brewers leave door open.
Brewers open new park vs.
Brewers realise and value the way beer supports a healthy diet.
Brewers save themselves tax.
Brewers seems a bit large.
Brewers sign Dibble to minor league deal despite beanball controversy.
Brewers soak barley in water and make it sprout.
Brewers strongly oppose abuse or inappropriate consumption of their products.
Brewers take great pride in each and every beer they brew.
Brewers talk about other topics from time to time as well.
Brewers tend to be technical types, love to share their recipes and gadgets on the Web.
Brewers use a hydrometer to measure SG .
Brewers use barley as a source of sugar to make the alcohol for beer.
Brewers use various strategies to manage diacetyl profiles in beer.
Brewers often experiment with exotic spices with unusual results.
All brewers lose when some lie about their product.
Every brewer knows when to add hops in the wort.
Every brewer needs a hydrometer to check the beer throughout the brewing process.
Many brewers now use hop pellets, and some hop oils, instead of the whole flowers, for convenience.
Most brewers are unenthusiastic about the black and tan mix of stout and pale ale.
Most brewers prefer seedless hops.
Most brewers use their house ale yeast.
Some brewers claim they can detect a significant difference in flavor.
Some brewers like to throw in a couple of hop cones or pellets for their antiseptic qualities.
Some brewers prefer our dial thermometer, which is virtually indestructible.
Some brewers prefer to add the fruit to the secondary and that's fine.
Some brewers think that phosphoric acid is the best for the job.
Brewers grains are similar to corn silage in energy content.
Brewers grains is the most palatable of the high bypass protein sources.
Brewers yeast includes all the essential amino acids.
Brewers yeast is loaded with B complex vitamins, minerals, nucleic acids, and high quality protein.
A brewery is a plant
Breweries are capable of bottle beers.
Breweries are plants.
Breweries come out with new models regularly, and there are signs from smaller breweries available.
Breweries continue to proper in Milwaukee today, and so do bars.
Breweries Find details of breweries, the products, processes, histories, outlets and merchandise.
Breweries sponsor lots of road races.
Breweries use cropped yeast to pitch their next brew.
Brewery is encased in glass walls so visitors can see the process and machinery.
Brewery is in Cold Spring.
Brewery is in the South West.
Brewery is Las Vegas' first microbrewery producing fresh, hand-crafted traditional European beers.
Brewery makes a variety of beers to suit different tastes.
Brewery offers tours and tastings, retail store.
Brewery produces a variety of English ales and seasonal specialties.
Brewery produces three brews.
Every brewery comes with a comprehensive manual and shopping list.
Every brewery needs at least one beer named for a dog.
Many breweries are open to the public for tastings, tours and sales.
Many breweries still use the sake boat to press their finest products.
Many breweries use various adjuncts for versions of their beers sold abroad.
Most breweries offer excellent food, wine, beer, cocktails and non-alcoholic drinks.
Most breweries offer tours and samples.
Most breweries operate vessels under pressure.
Some breweries are open to the public.
Some breweries claim their water is substantially better, hence better beer.
Some breweries even offer a quadruple.
Some breweries use rice specially suited for sake brewing.
Brewing companies have different strategies for introducing new plastic beer bottles.
Brewing industry is a poetic career.
Brewing methods remain relatively similar over time.
Brewing yeast comes in several forms.
Brewing yeast eats the sugar and produces alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Brewing yeast eats the sugar, and produces alcohol and carbon dioxide.
A brewing is production
Brewing are production.
Brewing becomes unprofitable since any price increase causes an increase of excise duties.
Brewing begins with malted barley that is milled and mixed with hot water to form a mash.
Brewing can be fun, but it can also be a tedious, painstaking process at times.
Brewing can fill the vacuum.
Brewing gets technical at times.
Brewing has a great website, too.
Brewing has traditions.
Brewing is a biological and completely natural process.
Brewing is a craft and, like other crafts, has many different styles.
Brewing is a hobby for men, men and women and especially for women.
Brewing is a hobby for women and men from ripe youth to active old age.
Brewing is a leading component of the food and beverage industry in Germany.
Brewing is a process of fermentation, thus yeast does most of the heavy lifting when producing beer.
Brewing is a process that grows and changes.
Brewing is a widespread industry, using local barley.
Brewing is actually quite simple, but to brew the best of beers demands learning and knowledge.
Brewing is all about science.
Brewing is an ancient and noble art, with roots that run long and deep.
Brewing is an art as well as a science.
Brewing is an expression of optimism and joie de vivre.
Brewing is fun, and easy.
Brewing is organic.
Brewing is our obsession.
Brewing is the oldest existing brewing company in the state of Utah.
Brewing is very parochial business, peoples' tastes for beer are incredibly local.
Brewing means understanding living processes.
Brewing offers an excellent opportunity to peacefully withdraw, alone or with friends.
Brewing takes about two hours.
All brewing is completed in-house.
Brewpub food is innovative, elegant cuisine.
A brewpub is a brewery
A brewpub is a restaurant
Brewpubs are breweries.
Brewpubs are everywhere now.
Brewpubs are now quite prevalent in the Portland area.
Brewpubs are restaurants.
Brewpubs are still against the law in Montana.
Brewpubs are the same way, but it's beer.
Brewpubs produce private batches only for consumption and enjoyment on their premises.
Brewpubs range from the trendy and upscale to the local neighborhood hangout.
Brewpubs often dispense their beers directly from the bright beer tank.
Some brewpubs offer a dozen or more beers.
Brian outlines approximate times, distances and elevation gains for each run.
Brian studies coyote vocal communication at a field site near Red Bluff, California.
Brian waves bye and walks off.
A briar is a rose
Briars are thorny shrubs or cane-producing plants.
Briars rip at their ears and tails.
A briard is a sheep dog
Briards also are sensitive dogs and seem to have a sense of fair play.
Briards also like to receive attention from their family, but are generally aloof with strangers.
Briards are a shaggy, French breed known for their herding skills and family loyalty.
Briards are dogs.
Briards are eager, very keen to work with stock.
Briards are generally black, gray, or tawny.
Briards are large dogs.
Briards are large long haired French sheepdogs, they have a wonderful personallity and great looks.
Briards are very intelligent and respond well to training when the correct methods are used.
Briards have a good memory and a strong sense of fairness.
Briards learn quickly and have an excellent memory.
Briards tend to circle and work close to moderately wide when first exposed to stock.
A briarwood is wood
Briarwood exists under a recreational zoning variance granted by the city.
A bribe is a payment
Bribe receiving by a labor official is a felony of the third degree.
Bribes are a key part of most bureaucrats' incomes.
Bribes are also no longer tax deductable.
Bribes are good.
Bribes are less common, and identity cards take hours rather than days to renew.
Bribes are negotiable.
Bribes are often necessary to ensure that customs officials ignore the trade.
Bribes are payments.
Bribes are wrong for a number of reasons.
Bribes can undermine a child's motivation for learning and their internal drive.
Bribes distract from eternal reasons.
Bribes do work.
Bribes encourage bad or illegal behavior.
Bribes grow ever bigger and more ubiquitous.
Bribes just reinforce pickiness because they reward children for resisting.
Bribes spoil the child's moral and social development.
Bribes work on prospects in two ways.
Bribery also carries with it great costs.
Bribery buys tax breaks, subsidies and favors.
Bribery can cut a lot of red tape.
Bribery can undermine one's judgement regarding issues of safety, health, and welfare of the public.
Bribery causes better jobs.
Bribery certainly is.
Bribery distorts the free market system and provides unfair advantages.
Bribery features under a different heading, that of crimes against property.
Bribery includes paying or receiving money for benefits or favours.
Bribery influences a person on both levels.
Bribery interferes with pure market competitions by denying equal entrance to market.
Bribery involves an act of discrimination which is a lack of equity in handling a particular issue.
Bribery is a criminal offense in Bolivia.
Bribery is a felony
Bribery is a felony.
Bribery is a joint private-public venture.
Bribery is a necessary component of illicit enterprises.
Bribery is a two-way street.
Bribery is a violation of the law.
Bribery is a way of life here.
Bribery is a way of life in most of Africa.
Bribery is already against the law.
Bribery is another use of the fund.
Bribery is at root the issue of private truthfulness and acting on principle.
Bribery is bad for the givers, bad for the receivers and bad for the global economy.
Bribery is common because lawyers and judges earn low salaries.
Bribery is common even after induction.
Bribery is common for services, education, and in the police forces.
Bribery is common.
Bribery is derived as an equilibrium solution in the game.
Bribery is doomed.
Bribery is encouraged in seeking promotion.
Bribery is endemic.
Bribery is far less likely.
Bribery is far more efficient.
Bribery is felonies.
Bribery is illegal in Chile.
Bribery is illegal in Nicaragua.
Bribery is illegal, period.
Bribery is named as one instance.
Bribery is never a good idea, for anything, including toilet learning.
Bribery is notoriously difficult to establish.
Bribery is offensive, flattery is demeaning, and begging is pathetic.
Bribery is pervasive in many sectors.
Bribery is probably rampant in the courts, and most definitely lawyer manipulation is.
Bribery is quiet good in lots of match ups.
Bribery is quite acceptable here.
Bribery is rampant in the East than in the West.
Bribery is sand in the wheels of the world's commerce.
Bribery is the promise of something in return for doing something.
Bribery is universally shameful, in even countries and cultures where it is widely practiced.
Bribery is used to pay off authorities to facilitate the movement of pangolins.
Bribery is very common in medical services, schools, courts, licensing institutions, the police etc.
Bribery is welcomed.
Bribery isa crime.
Bribery kills the intellectual and moral force of the one who receives it.
Bribery misaligns the ends from the means.
Bribery occurs when rewards are given in the presence of inappropriate behavior.
Bribery remains almost a necessary cost of doing business in many Latin American countries.
Bribery runs especially rampant in the world of commerce.
Bribery stiffles the evolution of new and better products.
Bribery works best.
Bric air linneachan a' leumraich.
Brick cheese is a semi-soft ripened cheese.
Brick cheese is also a white cheese with mild pungent flavor.
Brick cheese is cheese
Brick church is on the west side of the road, cemetery in the rear of the church.
Brick houses are strong.
Brick making is a truly traditional art and bricks are a valuable building material.
Brick making is carried on to some extent, and chalk is found in the parish.
Brick making is part of our rich historical past.
Brick mason starts laying bricks.
Brick patterns appear inside and outside the building.
Brick patterns recall falling cherry blossoms.
Brick patterns suggest borders on old maps.
Brick patterns suggest coniferous and deciduous trees.
Brick structures have resistance.
Brick tea is made from black tea or green tea and is pressed into blocks.
Brick veneers fall and expose frames.
Brick walls are three bricks thick and are all handmade.
Brick walls are tilings.
Brick walls block every direction, except back west.
Brick walls can become rebound walls.
Brick walls exude moisture and brick dust onto the collection.
Brick walls flake bits of dust.
Brick walls have dimensions.
Brick walls serve as both the exterior and interior finsh.
Brick walls turn moss green .
Brick walls turn mossgreen.
Most brick walls have dimensions.
Some brick walls support graves.
Brick work continues, check out the cast stone.
A brick is a building material
A brick is ceramic
Brick accents the front of the house.
Brick arches lead to ample kitchen.
Brick arches over the front first floor windows add to the strength of the house.
Brick barbeques in the courtyard are available for resident use.
Brick bookends kids craft.
Brick chimneys hide a system that circulates air in and out of the building every six minutes.
Brick conjoins the space between the underside of the tower and the concrete pad.
Brick detailing, and stamped concrete create a beautiful finish .
Brick expands and contracts with freezing and heating conditions.
Brick facades ordered by tartan grid of stone.
Brick facing enhances the aesthetic appearance of the exterior.
Brick fasten except all mice and delight julie taymor.
Brick fill Crowd till art against lots man shorts although highlight among one stomach.
Brick held by mortar is the preferred type.
Brick isa artifact.
Brick isa instrumentality.
Brick learn behind the thirty instead learnt syarcuse collectibles.
Brick palaces with terra cotta friezes and royal vaults resembling Egyptian tombs.
Brick parapets top the flat roofs.
Brick pathways wind through brilliant beds of flowers that flank a three-story carriage house.
Brick pilasters leading to a simple continuous denticulated and corbelled cornice define the bays.
Brick pilasters on the top floors define three bays recessed beneath segmented brick arches.
Brick plays lots of great underground music.
Brick publishes outstanding literary essays.
Brick purchases and more.
Brick roadways leading up to the old express building are still in place.
Brick rowhouses with tar roofs are particularly hot.
Brick sidewalks in hues from orange to maroon continue for block after block.
Brick surfaces inside and outside, such as columns and walls.
Brick tastes delicious with any kind of fruit, crackers, or wine.
Brick too can be a hot, sometimes slippery surface.
Brick walks and patios.
Brick womens bird sweatshirt.
Bricks act as good insulators.
Bricks act as insulators.
Bricks almost demand to be arranged in a pattern.
Bricks are absorbent and can hold stains.
Bricks are also a commercial alternative to home-grown rocks and they too come in many colors.
Bricks are also a popular choice, and provide a beautiful, finished look.
Bricks are available for purchase now.
Bricks are available in a wide range of colours, which are determined by impurities in the clay.
Bricks are available in three sizes and include engraving.
Bricks are available to anyone.
Bricks are blocks.
Bricks are building materials.
Bricks are capable of wall gardens.
Bricks are ceramic materials made by baking moulded clay.
Bricks are ceramic.
Bricks are cheap.
Bricks are construction materials.
Bricks are dangerous.
Bricks are easier to work with than concrete, and can be laid in many beautiful patterns.
Bricks are easy to make, because they are simple.
Bricks are especially cheap and rocks are often times free.
Bricks are expensive, but there are ways to get around that.
Bricks are heavies.
Bricks are Heavy .
Bricks Are Heavy .
Bricks are insects.
Bricks are laid in courses bonded with mortar, a combination of Portland cement, lime and sand.
Bricks are located in buildings.
Bricks are located in roofs.
Bricks are made of clay .
Bricks are made of clay.
Bricks are made of clay.
Bricks are milestone dates, deadlines, budgets, and concrete, measurable objectives.
Bricks are notoriuosly different sizes.
Bricks are part of brick walls.
Bricks are pretty complicated things.
Bricks are something that man makes as a cheap, inferior substitute.
Bricks are still available.
Bricks are still in place under the present street.
Bricks are the essence.
Bricks are the most common construction material for rural houses.
Bricks are the oldest manufactured building material still in use.
Bricks are the weapon of choice when it comes to vandalism.
Bricks are used for buildings.
Bricks are used for constructs.
Bricks are very strong in compression.
Bricks become unstable and fall prior to the lifter showing control of the lift.
Bricks Break the wall with a bouncing ball.
Bricks bulge and sag.
Bricks can also vary greatly in hardness due to the manufacturing process.
Bricks come in all different shapes, sizes, and colors.
Bricks cover sidewalks and streets, and windows have been shattered.
Bricks eventually disintegrate in water and can jam plumbing lines.
Bricks fall to earth because their natural state is to be at rest on the earth's surface.
Bricks glisten wetly on the sides of buildings.
Bricks have (part) sections.
Bricks have density.
Bricks have layers.
Bricks have mass.
Bricks have outer layers.
Bricks have rigid layers.
Bricks have rigid outer layers.
Bricks have same shapes.
Bricks have shapes.
Bricks have square shapes.
Bricks have the potential of being the nicest looking material to use for construction.
Bricks is a fun and educational software tool for kids of all ages to enjoy.
Bricks is available in two formats.
Bricks is freeware.
Bricks just call the dimension specialized versions.
Bricks line the asphalt walkway, which leads to the butterfly garden.
Bricks lining the walls, stuffed game, and wood paneling give the effect of a hunting lodge.
Bricks make a great holiday, graduation, birthday, retirement, or memorial gift.
Bricks pile up in a field.
Bricks provide excellent water retention.
Bricks provide retention.
Bricks provide water retention.
Bricks remain in short supply in the region.
Bricks seem to float in the air, as gaps remain where mortar used to be.
Bricks stand together.
Bricks tend to disintegrate in the water and can damage plumbing.
Bricks tumble from schoolhouse walls.
Bricks work well as does lined paper.
Bricks work well, as does lined paper.
Bricks work well, too.
All bricks are superellipsoids with the exception of the front gate arch and corner towers.
Every brick is an agent that computes tension forces.
Every brick is handmade and every piece of wood work a centuries old original.
Most bricks act as good insulators.
Most bricks are rectangles.
Most bricks have density.
Most bricks have layers.
Most bricks have mass.
Most bricks have outer layers.
Most bricks have rigid layers.
Most bricks have rigid outer layers.
Most bricks have same shapes.
Most bricks have shapes.
Most bricks have square shapes.
Most bricks provide excellent water retention.
Most bricks provide retention.
Most bricks provide water retention.
Most bricks tend to look the same.
Some bricks absorb water.
Some bricks are made of crude mud.
Some bricks are made of mud.
Some bricks are more prone to spalling than others.
Some bricks are smooth and some are rough.
Some bricks are softer than others.
Some bricks contain special powers to enhance play.
Some bricks contain special power-ups to enhance play.
Some bricks have power.
Some bricks improve aeration.
Some bricks offer least resistance.
Some bricks offer resistance.
Some bricks resist forces.
A bricklayer is an artisan
Bricklayer isa worker.
Bricklayers are at risk because of tools and work practices.
Bricklayers are capable of smoke.
Bricklayers are craftsmans.
Bricklayers are currently the most difficult to secure. .
Bricklayers are in high demand throughout Florida.
Bricklayers build walls, floors, partitions, fireplaces, chimneys, and other structures.
Bricklayers can lose work time because of bad weather or downturns in construction activity.
Bricklayers have (part) arms.
Bricklayers have (part) body substances.
Bricklayers have (part) cell membranes.
Bricklayers have (part) cells.
Bricklayers have (part) corpi.
Bricklayers have (part) cytoplasm.
Bricklayers have (part) heads.
Bricklayers have (part) human bodies.
Bricklayers have (part) legs.
Bricklayers have (part) material bodies.
Bricklayers have (part) necks.
Bricklayers have (part) nuclei.
Bricklayers have (part) personality.
Bricklayers have (part) plasma membranes.
Bricklayers have (part) sections.
Bricklayers have (part) vacuoles.
Bricklayers have occupations.
Bricklayers lay brick, block, stone, glass block and related materials, with or without motar.
Bricklayers make a lot of money but it's also a lot of work.
Bricklayers need diets.
Bricklayers organize a national union.
Bricklayers work on sidewalks, streets, homes, walls, and more.
Bricklayers work on the North end wall.
Most bricklayers have occupations.
Some bricklayers fall to death.
Brickwork begins to fret, leading to loss of load-bearing capacity and eventual structural failure.
Brickwork is enhanced by additional attention to detail.
Brickwork is masonry
Brickwork is masonry.
Brickwork needs repair.
Some brickwork is extremely porous and prone to damage quicker than other types of brick.
Bridal alterations are one of the most important aspects of the bridal selection.
Bridal attendants freak out in droves.
Bridal bouquet is available in many colors.
Some bridal boutiques have the practice of ordering gowns a size larger than needed.
Bridal business is big business.
Bridal consultations are by appointment only.
Bridal couples are a very appreciative audience.
Bridal couples attend the event for free.
Bridal fairs are the next best source of all types of wedding information.
Bridal fashion shows throughout the day.
Bridal fashion takes an ethereal turn.
Bridal gloves add the finishing touch to a wedding ensemble.
Bridal gloves come in varying lengths, also.
A bridal gown is a gown
Bridal gowns are gowns.
Bridal gowns are hand-cut and finished.
Bridal gowns are notoriously difficult because of the delicate and expensive fabrics involved.
Bridal gowns are very special and just about every bride wants something different.
Bridal gowns can range in price from a few hundred to a few thousand dollars.
Bridal gowns come in a wide variety of styles, materials, colors, lengths and prices.
Every bridal gown is a tapestry of hopes and dreams on the threshold of reality.
Many bridal gowns have a stiff mesh petticoat to keep a big skirt shape.
Most bridal houses use accessories and materials from the U.S., Italy, France, England and Japan.
Bridal magazines are a good source of caterers and reception halls.
Bridal packages are available.
Bridal registries go Web-ward.
Many bridal shops carry formal wear and stationery.
Some bridal shops keep a few samples of basic styles in larger sizes.
Some bridal shops remove designers' name tags from their dresses.
Most Bridal showers take place in the late morning or early afternoon.
Bridal silks are all white silks.
Bridal wreath is the common name for the white blooming spring spirea.
Bride doll is white with bead work down front of the dress.
A bride price is a gift
Bride price is given to the parents of the bride by the groom.
A bride is a honeymooner
Bride dolls custom gowns available.
Bride isa individual.
Bride isa person.
Bride isa somebody.
Bride isa someone.
Brides also carry flower bouquets, often trimmed with ivy.
Brides are always happy to have lots of photographs.
Brides are eligible to receive door prizes.
Brides are located in weddings.
Brides are newlyweds.
Brides are participants.
Brides are welcome to rent it for the day.
Brides bring their own gown to Maui or rent.
Brides can add a personal touch to place cards, gift tags, invitations, envelopes.
Brides can count on receiving personal attention and care in planning their ceremony and reception.
Brides can decorate their own brooms, but there are also pros out there to help.
Brides can do many things to increase the wearability of bridesmaids dresses for other occasions.
Brides can interact, chat and share wedding woes with other brides Online.
Brides can still register here.
Brides choose bridesmaids.
Brides do get all of the attention.
Brides don t have to reinvent the wheel at every wedding.
Brides go for eye-catching headgear and accessories to make a splash at weddings.
Brides go on honeymoons.
Brides go to the Warwick to be photographed even if they get married elsewhere.
Brides have (part) arms.
Brides have (part) body substances.
Brides have (part) cell membranes.
Brides have (part) cells.
Brides have (part) corpi.
Brides have (part) cytoplasm.
Brides have (part) heads.
Brides have (part) human bodies.
Brides have (part) legs.
Brides have (part) material bodies.
Brides have (part) necks.
Brides have (part) nuclei.
Brides have (part) personality.
Brides have (part) plasma membranes.
Brides have (part) sections.
Brides have (part) vacuoles.
Brides have a choice of cake, filling and buttercream flavors.
Brides have a tendency to forget photos, and they tend to blend the bouquet too much into the dress.
Brides have towns.
Brides lose few pounds.
Brides lose pounds.
Brides love our digitised wedding albums and proof books.
Brides Love our easy going style.
Brides love the fact that they no longer have to send out their proofs and collect money.
Brides occasionally prefer to have their reception in a private or rented home.
Brides Only has information of particular interest to brides to be.
Brides pose for photographs.
Brides prefer traditional white or cream colored wedding gowns and veils to anything trendy.
Brides report that they often remember little of their wedding day.
Brides traditionally wear white which is still the color for brides.
Brides wear golden crowns.
Brides wear gowns.
Brides wear satin gowns.
Brides wear white gowns.
Brides wear white satin gowns.
Brides wear white to convey purity.
Brides wear wreaths of flowers in their hair.
All brides are beautiful.
All brides have quality taffeta, satin, eyelet or organdy fabrics.
All brides have the best of intentions to loose weight before the wedding.
All brides like to see the dance floor full at all times.
Every bride is beautiful no matter what they look like.
Every bride is beautiful.
Every bride is gorgeous.
Every bride needs an assistant.
Every bride needs to pay attention to good health of both body and mind.
Many brides also buy one for each of the mothers as they are sure to cry first.
Many brides also like to include symbolic herbs in their bouquets or decorations.
Many brides choose a piece of antique family jewelry or mother's wedding gown.
Many brides choose flowers for their wedding that have sentimental value.
Many brides choose to have their wedding there because of the beauty of the beach and the resort.
Many brides display one of their portraits at the reception.
Many brides end up stepping on their hems.
Many brides find themselves in the same sort of awkward situation.
Many brides have professional manicures before their important event.
Many brides have their wedding dresses custom-made, but there are less expensive options.
Many brides like to include their veil, garter, shoes, ect., when space allows.
Many brides make the mistake of tanning and looking too dark, red or freckled.
Many brides opt to choose a dress which they can wear again after the wedding.
Many brides schedule tanning appointments for that healthy look.
Many brides spend hundreds on their wedding dresses and even thousands on their photographer.
Many brides stay organized with a wedding planner book.
Many brides still choose a beautiful embroidered traditional dress for their wedding.
Many brides take the time to seek out special music for their ceremony.
Many Brides travel to find the perfect gown .
Many brides use part of their bridal bouquet for their going away corsage.
Many brides wonder about the different types of wedding trains and their lengths.
Most brides often forget the 'comfort' factor before zeroing on their final choice.
Most brides are on a budget.
Most brides choose bridesmaids.
Most brides choose to use a professional photographer to take the pictures of their wedding day.
Most brides go on honeymoons.
Most brides have careers and are busy women.
Most brides have towns.
Most brides just get their CD and go.
Most brides lose few pounds.
Most brides lose pounds.
Most brides pose for photographs.
Most Brides prefer to bring their wedding attire to Maui.
Most brides schedule the hair and makeup early in the morning.
Most brides wear a blue garter belt.
Most brides wear gowns.
Most brides wear satin gowns.
Most brides wear white gowns.
Most brides wear white satin gowns.
Some brides address their invitations using the theme color of the wedding.
Some brides already have kitchen utensils and bathroom towels.
Some brides also choose to use fabric from the wedding in their portrait.
Some brides also like to keep the book as a memento.
Some brides ask friends.
Some brides borrow a dress from a friend or restore mom's gown.
Some brides buy mansions.
Some brides choose a renaissance or Victorian theme, others go very contemporary.
Some brides choose to add a trumpet to herald the bride's entrance and the final recessional.
Some brides choose to make their own veil.
Some brides choose to wear floral headdresses.
Some brides dream for years of choosing a dress.
Some brides drink cups.
Some brides enjoy simpler pieces, whereas others love all the lace and pearls.
Some brides enjoy the simpler pieces, while others love all the lace and pearls.
Some brides even choose a freeze-dried bouquet, which lasts forever.
Some brides even choose black as the color for their bridesmaids dresses.
Some brides give a hanky to their mom when they are getting dressed for their wedding.
Some brides go to hospitals.
Some brides have a professional make-up artist do the entire bridal party.
Some brides have the dresses made by a professional seamstress.
Some brides hold vintage Bibles as their ''something old'' directly under their bouquets.
Some brides insist on ecru paneled and engraved invitations and they are willing to pay for it.
Some brides like to do their own hair and wear it naturally.
Some brides look just as beautiful with soft romantic hair that falls around their faces.
Some brides opt for a formal lavish affair and some choose a small informal wedding.
Some brides opt for chocolate baskets filled with case candy.
Some brides prefer a shimmering tiara or silk flower-bedecked comb.
Some brides represent gods.
Some brides resort to extreme or dangerous dieting to drop pounds before their wedding day.
Some brides select their flowers by what they symbolize.
Some brides still place a penny in their shoe during the marriage ceremony.
Some brides still prefer a big, full skirt.
Some brides wear flowers as well, which is another tradition that goes back to the Roman brides.
Bridegroom isa individual.
Bridegroom isa person.
Bridegroom isa somebody.
Bridegroom isa someone.
Bridegrooms have (part) arms.
Bridegrooms have (part) body substances.
Bridegrooms have (part) cell membranes.
Bridegrooms have (part) cells.
Bridegrooms have (part) corpi.
Bridegrooms have (part) cytoplasm.
Bridegrooms have (part) heads.
Bridegrooms have (part) human bodies.
Bridegrooms have (part) legs.
Bridegrooms have (part) material bodies.
Bridegrooms have (part) necks.
Bridegrooms have (part) nuclei.
Bridegrooms have (part) personality.
Bridegrooms have (part) plasma membranes.
Bridegrooms have (part) sections.
Bridegrooms have (part) vacuoles.
Some bridegrooms come out of chambers.
A bridesmaid is a woman
A bridesmaid is an attendant
Bridesmaid has big, salmon-pink flowers.
Bridesmaid isa attendant.
Bridesmaid isa woman.
Bridesmaids are attendants.
Bridesmaids are in line, the bride is ready, the church is full.
Bridesmaids are limited to one, possibly two, wearing pretty knee length dresses.
Bridesmaids are located in weddings.
Bridesmaids are none other than the local village girls.
Bridesmaids are responsible for the purchase of the dress, shoes and all accessories.
Bridesmaids are women.
Bridesmaids attend pre-wedding parties.
Bridesmaids attend the rehearsal and the rehearsal dinner.
Bridesmaids attire budget sheet .
Bridesmaids can write place cards.
Bridesmaids Comes the broken flower, Comes the cheated maid.
Bridesmaids enter first, followed by the honor attendant.
Bridesmaids get bad press.
Bridesmaids have (part) arms.
Bridesmaids have (part) cell membranes.
Bridesmaids have (part) cells.
Bridesmaids have (part) cytoplasm.
Bridesmaids have (part) heads.
Bridesmaids have (part) legs.
Bridesmaids have (part) necks.
Bridesmaids have (part) nuclei.
Bridesmaids have (part) personality.
Bridesmaids have (part) plasma membranes.
Bridesmaids have (part) sections.
Bridesmaids have (part) vacuoles.
Bridesmaids have (part) woman's bodies.
Bridesmaids pin corsages on the ushers.
Bridesmaids range from four to twelve, all wearing floor length dresses.
Bridesmaids share the cost of the bridal shower with the maid of honor.
Bridesmaids vary from two to six and wear floor length dresses.
Bridesmaids wear black patent-leather slippers and black silk stockings.
Bridesmaids usually join the maid of honor in hosting a bridal shower.
Bridesmaids usually receive the same gift.
Some bridesmaids bring pictures.
Bridge builders choose from one of several types of bridges or combine two or more.
Bridge builders create stress models.
Bridge building involves working from both sides of the divide.
Bridge building is a primary part of our mission.
Bridge building is a symbol of reconciliation.
Bridge building is required on many different fronts.
Bridge building starts with the individual.
A bridge circuit is a circuit
Bridge circuits enable bidirectional control.
Bridge City is a natural spot for every kind of water sport.
Bridge City is located in Orange County Texas.
Bridge City is located in Orange County with the city of Orange as the county seat.
Bridge City offers four varieties of saddle squares.
Bridge clubs abound in every hamlet that has a room large enough to hold a few tables and chairs.
Bridge crane can replace bridge ties, caps, and stringers safely and efficiently on open trestles.
Bridge cranes cover rectangular areas, while job cranes cover circular areas.
Bridge Creek flows into the John Day River in western Wheeler County.
Bridge Creek is represented by a broken line because that portion of it is intermittent.
Bridge day is an incredible event.
Bridge failure is defined as the inability of the bridge to carry additional load.
Bridge failures are therefore rare.
Bridge financing is generally a stepping stone to long-term financing or going public.
Bridge house is the tall building on the left.
Bridge Lake is popular with canoeists and kayakers.
Bridge loans are costly because of high fees.
Bridge loans are simply out of favor.
Bridge loans have becomean important part of our overall development and sale financing program.
Bridge maintenance consists of the maintenance of wooden, concrete and steel bridges.
Bridge mix is put in the middle of jazz and rock to act as a buffer.
Bridge numbers are simple to define, but hard to calculate.
Bridge rails bleed pitch, the planks shrink.
Bridge scour is the erosion of stream bed material around bridge foundations.
Bridge simulation is the seaman's version of the airline pilot's flight simulator.
Bridge taps are unterminated connections to a subscriber loop.
Bridge tournaments have no money prizes, just trophies and points in the national rankings.
Bridge traffic is bad at rush hours, but otherwise, it is actually a pretty drive across the bay.
Bridge work is in progress and moving along per original schedule.
Bridge work is planned for weekends and weeknights.
Bridge work is underway almost at all points along the way.
A bridge is a structure
Bridge announces debt reduction plan.
Bridge asks what are they charged with.
Bridge bullies chase away all but the most dogged newcomers.
Bridge carries the girl into the house.
Bridge Come for a morning of fun and friendship.
Bridge crosses deep pool of river and is backed by woods.
Bridge crossings over the river offer other informal access points for car-top boats.
Bridge cure England with battle outside a badminton nets as rises behind an police.
Bridge cure England with battle outside a baseball gloves sale retail as rises behind an police.
Bridge cure England with battle outside a volleyball net sale as rises behind an police.
Bridge decks ice up more often and more quickly than other road surfaces.
Bridge designs by the budding engineer.
Bridge experience a plus.
Bridge finally reopens.
Bridge freezes before highway.
Bridge freezes before overpass.
Bridge freezes before road surface.
Bridge gaps with good transition.
Bridge holds a fascination for men and women in all cultures.
Bridge involves activities both on and off campus.
Bridge is a better source for intraday data.
Bridge is a card game.
Bridge is a complex composer.
Bridge is a fairly well-known, though complex, card game.
Bridge is a favorite card game.
Bridge is a financial and market information data base used widely by the investment community.
Bridge is a game of cards.
Bridge is a game of imperfect information and therefore a game of probability.
Bridge is a game of mistakes.
Bridge is a game of partnership cooperation and communication.
Bridge is a game without barriers.
Bridge is a hard.
Bridge is a marvelous game.
Bridge is a mathematically complex game using a standard deck of cards.
Bridge is a partnership game for four people deriving from the much older game of whist.
Bridge is a partnership game requiring four players.
Bridge is a simple game that has been complicated by special conventions, contrivances and gimmicks.
Bridge is a social game which tests partnership skills as well as pure playing strategy.
Bridge is a timed event.
Bridge is a tool that offers PWC client lists, world directory and news.
Bridge is a unique and easy to use solution for electronic claims processing.
Bridge is a world leader in financial market data.
Bridge is about bidding and play.
Bridge is an experience to be enjoyed.
Bridge is assigned as a liaison between the community and the police investigating the homicides.
Bridge is chrome, as is tailpioece.
Bridge is closed due to unsafe conditions.
Bridge is closed indefinitely.
Bridge is closed to vehicular traffic.
Bridge is closed.
Bridge is designed up-front to let the abstraction and the implementation vary independently.
Bridge is enjoyed by people of all ages and experiences.
Bridge is escape pod, lifeboat.
Bridge is fully functional.
Bridge is fun.
Bridge is gone.
Bridge is kept in place with a special cement.
Bridge is knee to waist high.
Bridge is more comprehensively organized than any other card game.
Bridge is near the parking area on the left.
Bridge is no longer an experiment.
Bridge is on the net.
Bridge is one of the most enduring and popular games in the world.
Bridge is one of the world's largest competitive sports.
Bridge is open.
Bridge is out two, three days.
Bridge is OVER, waaaaaaaaa.
Bridge is popular throughout Europe.
Bridge is professionally fit.
Bridge is protected by a little shrine.
Bridge is restricted due to construction.
Bridge is standard vintage, as are the controls.
Bridge is still in use.
Bridge is the largest provider of financial information services in North America.
Bridge is the leading market data vendor in the United States.
Bridge is the subject.
Bridge is the world's most popular card game.
Bridge is to be open when no trains are present.
Bridge is too important to take seriously.
Bridge is truely an outstanding version to say the least, and ends with a standing ovation.
Bridge is unique among card games in that skill is more important than luck.
Bridge is very heavy brass bridge all from yamaha too.
Bridge is visible.
Bridge is wound a little hotter than most vintage.
Bridge isa body part.
Bridge isa circuit.
Bridge isa structure.
Bridge joints on each successive layer.
Bridge keeps daily data for six months, weekly data for two years, and monthly data for ten years.
Bridge lettering indicating the name and location is believed to have come from a gasoline station.
Bridge naming in West Virginia has a rich history, and it has evolved into a prolific art.
Bridge offers a range of services.
Bridge offers delivery on ANY bike new or used, anywhere in the UK mainland .
Bridge provides the convenience of generating detailed reports using simple, intuitive commands.
Bridge ranks among the largest financial news providers in the world.
Bridge recommends stainless steel with a satin finish, for easier maintenance.
Bridge reserves the right to reject any advertising for any reason.
Bridge rises to leave.
Bridge seems a popular request, too.
Bridge seems illogical in any event.
Bridge seems like a regular badass style - held to body by six screws.
Bridge sees an open door.
Bridge sells real-time financial information to banks and other companies.
Bridge slabs regularly demonstrate transverse cracking.
Bridge spans the runways.
Bridge suggests they work together.
Bridge supports are natural opportunities for connections from bridge overlooks to the rivers' edge.
Bridge there is no way across or back.
Bridge tournaments online.
Bridge turn rt.
Bridge wake beneath a noon and demand soccer cones.
Bridge work nearing completion.
Bridges abound in Venice, and they all have stairs.
Bridges add interest and challenge.
Bridges add to the frame their bridge number and ring number onto which the frame is forwarded.
Bridges add to the frame their bridge number and the ring number onto which the frame is forwarded.
Bridges additionally offers a wide range of personal and health care services.
Bridges adds that judges of-ten follow probation reports when handing down sentences.
Bridges admires the goods.
Bridges advocates simple healthful living to keep children in school.
Bridges allow land units to cross water and prevent the passage of ships.
Bridges allow many different conferences to run concurrently.
Bridges allows access from home with a password.
Bridges also are favorite phoebe hangouts.
Bridges also block connection ports in one direction to prevent looping.
Bridges also envisions the sensors as futuristic teaching tools.
Bridges also have uses in the military .
Bridges also have uses in the military.
Bridges also houses state-ready youth.
Bridges also offers employment opportunities.
Bridges also provides essay-writing workshops in local high schools.
Bridges also provides material for educators who teach career development.
Bridges also regenerate weak signals.
Bridges also works very closely with major hospitals in nearby metro areas.
Bridges alyways go both ways.
Bridges arch and promenades stretch to the islands, which are just waiting to be explored.
Bridges are a frequent subject, as are steps or grassy inclines leading through gate images.
Bridges are a great way to study structure because all of the structural elements are in plain view.
Bridges are a major asset.
Bridges are a necessity for transportion in today's society.
Bridges are a particular strength.
Bridges are a very successful method of dental treatment but there are limitations.
Bridges are able to map one object from one environment to another and vice versa.
Bridges are accessible by car and most mini vans.
Bridges are also sites of high erosion and sedimentation.
Bridges are always a concern.
Bridges are amongst the best known structures designed by civil engineers.
Bridges are another issue of concern.
Bridges are another matter, because all districts use the same concrete standards.
Bridges are both figuratively and literally ways to cross some impassable object.
Bridges are burning, there's fences to mend.
Bridges are card games.
Bridges are circuits.
Bridges are closed, highways damaged, congestion clogs the streets, auto ferry terminals are closed.
Bridges are connections.
Bridges are dentures.
Bridges are down.
Bridges are electric winch.
Bridges are essential to our nation's infrastructure.
Bridges are fun.
Bridges are games.
Bridges are important structures, symbolically as well as physically.
Bridges are important.
Bridges are in.
Bridges are insufficient.
Bridges are links.
Bridges are located in dental offices.
Bridges are located in dentists.
Bridges are located in mouths.
Bridges are located in river valleys.
Bridges are located in rivers.
Bridges are made of wood.
Bridges are mutually helpful and beneficial.
Bridges are never half safe.
Bridges are obvious targets in wartime.
Bridges are of many kinds.
Bridges are of wood, usually with a wire rod in the top.
Bridges are one of the most common forms of structure.
Bridges are one solution to replace missing teeth.
Bridges are one-way.
Bridges are out.
Bridges are part of guitars.
Bridges are part of noses.
Bridges are part of spectacles.
Bridges are part of stringed instruments.
Bridges are part of transportation systems.
Bridges are pretty simple - they simply take data in one end and spit it out the other end.
Bridges are quicker.
Bridges are scale-independent structures that apply in many object oriented situations.
Bridges are simpler devices than routers.
Bridges are some of the most challenging pieces.
Bridges are special in the heart of the Slavic people.
Bridges are special structures because their frameworks are exposed.
Bridges are specialised devices that allow two or more LANs to be connected.
Bridges are strong when the river banks are strong.
Bridges are structures built over railroad tracks, roads, rivers or some other obstacle.
Bridges are structures used by people and vehicles to cross areas that are obstacles to travel.
Bridges are structures.
Bridges are support.
Bridges are the architectural elements that tie Venice together.
Bridges are the first casualties in earthquakes, flooding, wars, mud slides and severe storms.
Bridges are the link that allows transfer of objects or ideas from place to place.
Bridges are the most democratic of structures.
Bridges are the superstars of engineering.
Bridges are the tallest things in the Delta.
Bridges are to be built at another three sections.
Bridges are transitional elements.
Bridges are used for crossings.
Bridges are used for pedestrians, cars, trains, etc.
Bridges are useful as they are already internally connected.
Bridges are within easy casting distance of anyone from shore.
Bridges brings a canny intelligence but also the emotional sensitivity of a man scraped raw by life.
Bridges built with rigid materials are often less resilient than their more flexible counterparts.
Bridges Buy canal art books securely online from Different types of canal bridges and aqueducts.
Bridges can also serve as internal security devices.
Bridges can also vary in length of presentation and in their placement.
Bridges can be difficult to place so that they come out well.
Bridges can be parts of super highways.
Bridges can certainly be beautiful.
Bridges can collapse, planes crash, and software fail.
Bridges can connect locally, or across a WAN .
Bridges can connect only the homogenous networks together.
Bridges can consist of resistors, inductors or capacitors.
Bridges can exist only over bodies of water, and only at sea level.
Bridges can translate data from one communications medium onto another.
Bridges can twist or bend under severe weather conditions which can have disastrous consequences.
Bridges can usually filter packets - that is, forward only certain traffic.
Bridges can wait.
Bridges carry the trail user over small streams and a beaver pond.
Bridges carry the visitor from island to island as if walking upon water.
Bridges chapel, texas .
Bridges clasp together ancient quarters on both sides of the river's stream.
Bridges closing down early are among the many problems that can be encountered.
Bridges collapse in the mountains.
Bridges concludes that therefore the two verdicts are inconsistent.
Bridges connect and pass data packets between networks and segments of networks.
Bridges connect foot paths to the islands.
Bridges connect LANs with different hardware and different protocols.
Bridges connect the island to the mainland, providing easy communications.
Bridges connect the many islands.
Bridges connect the principal islands.
Bridges connect various plateaus that hold many oil derricks and gems.
Bridges consist of three parts, the bridgehead, the bridge overlay, and optional bridge repair huts.
Bridges continue to be built between rural and urban Oregon through agriculture.
Bridges cool faster because they are hit by wind from above and below.
Bridges Create a bridge from the left to right before the computer creates one from top to bottom.
Bridges create more overhead traffic than routers.
Bridges create routing tables based on the source address.
Bridges cross over swampy sections.
Bridges cross parts of the pool on the approach to the living area.
Bridges defines the three phases of transition to be endings, neutral zone, and beginnings.
Bridges deliver such a fundamental service to society that they are often taken for granted.
Bridges do come in various quality levels.
Bridges enable nodes on one network to communicate with nodes on another network.
Bridges faces a slew of charges including aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Bridges fall down.
Bridges feels the team has some natural talent.
Bridges fly past, high above.
Bridges freeze before the adjacent roads.
Bridges generally represent much more benign conditions for fish passage than culverts.
Bridges gives conservatives a forum on public radio to discuss the great issues of the day.
Bridges go both ways.
Bridges has the strongest impact on a targeted, small population.
Bridges have (part) bases.
Bridges have (part) bone cells.
Bridges have (part) corpi.
Bridges have (part) electromagnets.
Bridges have (part) electron tubes.
Bridges have (part) ground substances.
Bridges have (part) marrow.
Bridges have (part) mast cells.
Bridges have (part) resistors.
Bridges have (part) sections.
Bridges have (part) vacuum tubes.
Bridges have a natural vulnerability when they are involved in accidents with cars.
Bridges have a special place in the heart of the Slavic people.
Bridges have impact.
Bridges have minimal impact.
Bridges have significant cyclic movements due to temperature changes, traffic load and wind.
Bridges Have the participants in a single file line facing forward.
Bridges have to be built - and crossed.
Bridges have to be built which enable all sides of issues to surface.
Bridges have to be connected to roads on either end.
Bridges help human being and other earthly creatures a lot.
Bridges includes diverse opinions and explorations.
Bridges is a beacon for that light.
Bridges is a believable president.
Bridges is a big, strong power pitcher with a full assortment of above-average pitches.
Bridges is a breath of fresh air, however, the most realistic and human character in the film.
Bridges is a comprehensive library of career related articles packaged as a daily magazine.
Bridges is a computer based career awareness program.
Bridges is a delight as the president.
Bridges is a forum in which Jewish feminists can exchange ideas.
Bridges is a fun game.
Bridges is a good career resource for high school students.
Bridges is a leader in the field of organizational and individual transition management.
Bridges is a long shot.
Bridges is a non-categorical program which focuses on screening youth in rather than out.
Bridges is a phenomenal program.
Bridges is a riot as an admiral with a loose propeller.
Bridges is a touching drama bridging three generations.
Bridges is a treat, shuffling through the debris in flip flops and surfer shorts.
Bridges is all too familiar with the real world.
Bridges is as insidious as a cancer.
Bridges is founded on the fact that the brain is the corner-stone of education.
Bridges is in that category.
Bridges is less intimidating in person than in print.
Bridges is married with two daughters.
Bridges is on a bomb squad, and suddenly there are all thesebombs in the area.
Bridges is password-protected.
Bridges is pretty good.
Bridges is priceless.
Bridges is slightly less skeptical.
Bridges is the leading provider of career and educational planning resources in North America.
Bridges is the place.
Bridges is wide-eyed, animated and enthusiastic.
Bridges keep traffic separate within segments, and transfer data across segments when needed.
Bridges knows the story.
Bridges lead across Discovery River to the other lands and attractions.
Bridges lead into the fifth floor rotund a.
Bridges lead out and over the rivers.
Bridges lead over the rushing current of the Lost River into a wonderland of formations.
Bridges lead to dialogue.
Bridges leap over the train with increasing frequency.
Bridges learn the location of hosts.
Bridges lives outside of New York City and in Somerset, England.
Bridges looks at the human side of change.
Bridges maintain their appearance and structural integrity much longer.
Bridges make it easy.
Bridges make it possible to cross from one shore of a river to another.
Bridges make it worse.
Bridges make multiple LANs appear as one to the user, even though the LANs are separate.
Bridges makes a seemingly unlikeable character pleasant to watch.
Bridges manages a six-member recreation department staff.
Bridges measures the twenty-six intellectual abilities that are most critical to effective learning.
Bridges meets biweekly to organize events and trips sponsored by the club.
Bridges merely repeat traffic from one end to the other.
Bridges nowadays have shorter spans to alter their natural frequency and prevent similar disasters.
Bridges offer access to both sides of the map.
Bridges offer no form of filtering.
Bridges offer one of the most fertile areas for innovation.
Bridges offers access to a workroom, which includes a laminator and die cut equipment.
Bridges offers all the answers, along with unacceptable replies.
Bridges operates no ministries in China.
Bridges periodically rebuild tables.
Bridges Play against the computer.
Bridges plays a university professor who specialises in the study of terrorism in the United States.
Bridges plead guilty in return of a promise of leniency.
Bridges points out two problems with that view.
Bridges provide communication mechanisms for interaction between domains.
Bridges provide corrosion.
Bridges read and filter packets and frames.
Bridges receive a packet and then transmit it on the other side.
Bridges refer to dental restorations that replace missing teeth.
Bridges represent a significant infrastructure investment by the government.
Bridges represent a significant infrastructure investment on behalf of the government.
Bridges represent the liminal space between worlds, between people.
Bridges require healthy teeth to be cut down and conventional dentures can often be unstable.
Bridges resides in Lawton and is active in the local community.
Bridges returns a list of lists containing the pointers to the vertices representing each bridge.
Bridges rise over lakes filled with colorful fish that local children feed.
Bridges run into immediate difficulties.
Bridges says there are no easy answers.
Bridges scoffs at the claims.
Bridges seem to be out everywhere.
Bridges seems well-cast.
Bridges sees no contradiction, or at least thinks the contradiction can be overcome.
Bridges separate incompatible relational database schema.
Bridges shake dry the sea, songbirds edge forth to revive the living and dead.
Bridges shines as the president.
Bridges simply allow unknown packets to pass through.
Bridges start collapsing.
Bridges stretches over the streams.
Bridges suffer the worst from the effects of salt.
Bridges suggests first locating the steep submerged dropoffs.
Bridges take a lot of concentration and ability to make, and firm, strong building materials.
Bridges take time to build, as hearts and minds take time to heal.
Bridges tend to be symmetrical.
Bridges tend to glue the network together, rather than partition it into manageable compartments.
Bridges Try to create a bridge from one side of the board to the other.
Bridges turn into jumps.
Bridges turns being a bowling bum into an enviable artform.
Bridges typically focus on a narrower range of interface translations than the wrappers do.
Bridges use backward learning to build tables.
Bridges wash out.
Bridges work at the ethernet frame level while routers work at the protocol level.
Bridges work here, and the book is very terse on explanations.
Bridges works hard at teaching.
Bridges frequently span great lengths over deep chasms.
Bridges often call boats to provide advice or warnings.
Bridges often feature lion sculptures, by the way.
Bridges often have to be updated, and that means replacing the deck beams with stronger ones.
Bridges often span dry, rocky beds instead of clear running streams.
All bridge enthusiast all welcome.
All bridges are in good shape or have been replaced.
All bridges are of concrete and steel, and have been designed to stand heavy traffic at high speed.
All bridges go two ways.
All bridges rest on foundations that transfer loads from the bridge into the ground.
Any bridges are simply tree trunks laid across the gap in the road.
Many bridges are deficient because of old age.
Many bridges are fairly primitive, and consist of a single log and handrail for balance.
Many bridges are icons for the cities or regions in which they are located.
Many bridges are icons for their city or region.
Many bridges combine techniques to handle their loads.
Many bridges have clearance gauges attached to the wooden fendering at their bases.
Many bridges have to be rebuilt, lots of building have to be refurbished.
Many bridges lack small apertures conveying flow.
Most bridges are concrete with only a handful of the log and timber stringer type still in service.
Most bridges are good haven to canoe launches.
Most bridges are only one lane wide, requiring drivers to be cognizant of oncoming traffic.
Most bridges are voice-activated.
Most bridges have a concrete, steel, or wood framework with an asphalt or concrete roadway.
Most bridges have impact.
Most bridges have minimal impact.
Most bridges only count the number of TCNs they have issued or received.
Most bridges provide corrosion.
Some bridges are mostly empty space.
Some bridges are part of elephants.
Some bridges are part of faces.
Some bridges are part of noses.
Some bridges are part of proboscises.
Some bridges are part of snouts.
Some bridges are well made and can carry heavy loads, others look good but fail prematurely.
Some bridges have additional supports along the middle of the bridge called piers.
Some bridges have expansion joints.
Some bridges have joints.
Some bridges have lower weight capacities than others, but all bridges have their limit.
Some bridges implement extra processing to control the flooding of multicast frames.
Some bridges now get checked every day, so staff members expect the cards to get heavy use.
Some bridges receive inspection two or more times per year due to their worsened condition.
Some bridges shown are fanciful.
Bridged grain can collapse and kill within seconds.
Bridged inputs allow daisy chaining of gate signals from scaler to scaler.
Every bridgeless graph has a collection of cycles which together contain every edge exactly twice.
Bridgeline silk is the first strand, on which an entire web is constructed.
Bridgettine life continues.
Bridgework continues to proceed in several areas.
Bridgework is a denture
Bridging loans are bridge loans.
Bridging loans are home loans.
Bridging veins are more susceptible to tearing when there is pre-existent cortical atrophy.
A bridle path is a path
Bridle paths are available.
All bridle trails are south of the fire tower.
A bridle is a tack
Bridle hook underneath.
Bridle isa gear.
Bridle trails wind throughout the forest.
Bridles are available in black with red, blue, or hunter green trim, or plain.
Bridles are available in dark brown, london, and black.
Bridles are devices.
Bridles are mandatory on two year olds and older.
Bridles are part of harnesses.
Bridles are restraint.
Bridles have (part) reins.
Bridles have (part) sections.
Bridles vary from mainly snaffles and rubber pelhams.
Brief abstracts are available by clicking on the title.
Brief abstracts are available on most of the magazine citations.
Brief abstracts are available online for many of the publications listed below.
Brief abstracts are free but a small fee is charged for full text.
Brief abstracts are free.
Brief advice is also available via e-mail .
Brief analysis is of global and regional trade trends and developments.
Brief annotations accompany each entry.
Brief annotations accompany each title.
Brief annotations accompany most of the citations.
Brief annotations accompany the citations.
Brief annotations accompany the links.
Brief annotations are available for each source.
Brief annotations are descriptive and useful.
Brief annotations are helpful during deliberations.
Brief annotations describe listed sites.
Brief annotations describe the sites.
Brief annotations explain the focus of the organizations listed.
Brief annotations help.
Brief annotations link to detailed descriptions.
Brief annotations make it especially easy to find appropriate websites.
Brief annotations provide descriptions and notes regarding allergies.
Brief annotations provide further information on the contents of each.
Brief announcements are usually most effective.
Brief answers are provided in italics.
Brief answers are welcome.
Brief answers follow each question.
Brief answers leave too much to the imagination, consequently allowing for much misinterpretation.
Many brief applications are better than one of long duration.
Brief article defines the treatment and summarizes the benefits.
Brief article describes the differences, benefits and consequences of discipline and punishment.
Brief article examines the holiday's origins.
Brief article explains importance of art in early childhood curriculum.
Brief article reiterating the problem to date is found here.
Brief articles are usually more effective when they focus tightly on a topic.
Brief articles cover the major medical news stories of the week.
Brief articles explain developments in programming languages and other topics.
Some brief articles are on-line for free.
Some brief articles review techniques.
Brief awakenings occur throughout the night.
Brief bibliographies complete each entry.
Brief bibliographies follow many of the entries.
Brief bibliographies follow most articles.
Brief bibliographies follow most entries.
Brief bibliographies follow selected entries.
Brief bibliographies stress easily obtainable books.
Brief bibliography is included to show sources of information.
Brief biographies are searchable by category or keyword.
Brief biographies come with each poster.
Brief biographies examine the scientific impact of certain individuals.
Brief biographies follow the list.
Brief biographies follow the listing of their names below.
Brief biographies follow.
Brief biographies precede a list of important works and links to other sites about composers.
Brief biographies precede the listings of each composer's works.
Brief biographies supplement each entry.
Brief captions identify each power of ten.
Many brief cases drawn from business life illustrate the points made.
Some brief comments can go here.
Brief commentaries accompany most photos.
Brief commentary is provided on the current status and operations of the print and broadcast media.
Brief communications are preferred.
Brief consideration is given to spelling conventions and calligraphy.
Brief consultation is also available to faculty and staff.
Brief contributions are always welcome.
Brief conversations serve as a jumping-off point for further exploration in the classroom.
Brief data is given on geography, people, government, economy, and defense forces.
Brief definitions are also available.
Brief definitions cover Sikh religion, principles, practices, history, and culture.
Brief definitions help distinguish among the different meanings of many words.
Brief definitions show the meaning shared by synonyms.
Brief delays are possible due to ongoing construction of a bridge bypass.
Brief demonstrations show how to move, add, and align objects and building segments.
Brief description accompanies each stage depicted on timeline.
Brief Description Be healthy.
Brief description follows.
Brief description includes length, difficulty, county.
Brief descriptions accompany color photos of the plants and animals of the far north.
Brief descriptions accompany most links.
Brief descriptions appear below.
Brief descriptions are available as are the hotels' proximity to famous landmarks.
Brief descriptions are available for each of the technologies.
Brief descriptions are available for many titles.
Brief descriptions are available for the entire alphabetic list of sites.
Brief descriptions are available in English , German , and Portuguese .
Brief descriptions are directly below.
Brief descriptions follow with links to tour reports, where available.
Brief descriptions follow.
Brief descriptions regarding recalls are available on-line.
Some brief descriptions are available for some of the tools.
Some brief descriptions are written by astronomers.
Some brief descriptions follow.
Brief details are available here.
Brief details are available of the galleries , with sample images.
Brief details are below.
Brief details are given below, full details and swatch books are available on request .
Brief details follow, with links to pages which guide the reader to greater detail.
Brief directions follow.
Brief discussion follows.
Brief discussions allow students to test their ideas and broaden their sense of possible meanings.
Brief discussions follow.
Brief display includes call number, author, title, and publisher.
Brief displays provide a project description and a link to the project site.
Brief documentation is available below.
Brief documentation regarding the client's clinical status is required.
Brief entries are enough.
Brief entries cover technical aspects, people, programs, legal and social issues, etc.
Brief entries cover terminology, techniques, materials, movements, major museums, and organizations.
Brief entries define topics in the life, geologic, and atmospheric sciences.
Brief entries describe characters from Greek and Roman myths.
Brief entries describe groups of various types working to affect public policy.
Brief entries discuss the personalities and movements of contemporary art.
Brief entries give ratings, prices, addresses and what to expect.
Brief entries give vital facts and sources of further information.
Brief entries provide some bibliographic data and sometimes auction price information.
Brief examples illustrate the statistical concepts.
Some brief excerpts are relevant.
Brief experiences can be and often are enough to change an individual's entire life.
Brief explanations are acceptable but they all end up sounding lame.
Brief explanations are desirable.
Brief explanations emphasize important areas for study, caution, and concentration.
Brief explanations precede each section.
Brief explanations provide insight on how the features developed.
Some brief explanation is required.
Some brief explanations are written by astronomers.
Some brief explanations are written by professional astronomers.
Brief exposure causes a temporary loss.
Brief exposure causes skin irritations with discomfort or rash.
Brief exposure has impact.
Brief exposure has term impact.
Brief exposure limits the level of involvement and commitment that youth invest in the program.
Brief exposure turns it red, in most cases, permanently.
Most brief exposure has impact.
Most brief exposure has term impact.
Some brief exposure has quality.
Brief fellowship is enjoyed.
Brief flips occur more frequently than that.
Brief flooding occurs in some areas after high rainfall events.
Brief format has country, collector, and coll.
Brief glossary appears at the beginning of each article.
Brief guide helps students determine how to document research papers.
Brief guides are available for using the databases that are listed.
Brief guides are available in French, German and Dutch.
Brief guides provide information.
Most brief guides provide information.
Brief histories are on the back.
Brief histories explain each region.
Brief incubation is needed to insure full solubility and activation.
Brief incubation is needed to insure full solubility and activity.
Brief information follows.
Brief information is available by telephone.
Brief information is available regarding some of the protected areas mentioned above.
Brief information is free, but more extensive company profiles require a subscription.
Brief information is given below.
Brief information is given on a variety of health topics.
Brief information is given on the disease itself.
Brief information is presented first of all on the safeguard package concerned.
Brief information is provided for companies.
Brief information is provided on past , current and future programmes.
Brief information is provided on the habits of the Red Wolf as well as recovery efforts.
Brief information is provided through telephone and e-mail requests.
Brief information is provided.
Some brief information is provided here.
Brief instructions are available .
Brief instructions are here.
Brief instructions pop up for the item the arrow is pointing at.
Brief intervention is a secondary prevention strategy.
Brief interventions appeal economically too.
Brief interventions can be quite effective for some people when compared to no treatment.
Brief introduction describes the mixed blessing of exotics.
Brief introductions contextualize the selections as well as the broader topics.
Brief ischemia is associated with intense chest pain, known as angina .
Brief item offers an overview of Web-related programs of study.
Brief items cite one author and give easily understood definitions.
Brief lectures introduce topics, and practical hands-on exercises develop skills.
Brief lectures introduce topics, and practical hands-on exercises devlop skills.
Brief lectures supplement as necessary.
Brief lessons result in greater learning.
Brief letters are more likely to be published.
Brief letters are more likely to be read than long ones.
Brief letters have an increased chance of being published.
Brief meaning is given below.
Brief mention is given to aerial photography.
Brief mention is made of the recent news concerning laryngeal transplant.
Brief mention is made of the role that women and minorities played in the war effort.
Brief messages appear on screen to relate anecdotes and narrate the progress of the excavations.
Brief messages can carry deep meaning, reaching many others.
Brief messages have a better chance to be read by others.
Brief mode is invoked using the -b command line argument.
Brief mode is the default if nothing else is specified.
Brief movies show weather in action.
Brief narratives relate the major historical events of each decade.
Brief newsletters distributed on a regular basis are an excellent source of information.
Brief newsletters go out only about four times a year.
Brief notes accompany the entries.
Brief notes are a better form.
Brief notes follow some chapters.
Brief notes follow to comment upon the photometric behavior displayed by the program stars.
Brief orientation is provided and the working environment is very friendly.
Brief output shows the new sum of squares.
Brief overexposure causes sunburn.
Brief overview includes a good map graphic and links to travelsites.
Brief overviews are available here.
Brief overviews are presented for both sponsor categories.
Brief overviews is enough.
Brief paper argues ways that it can be.
Brief papers are acceptable.
Brief papers are welcome.
Some brief passages consist in sonic collages.
Brief presentations are also available, often at minimal or no cost.
Some brief pressure is necessary to flatten the breast in order to get the clearest picture.
Brief profiles follow.
Brief questions are welcome during lectures.
Brief quips are best.
Brief quotations are permissible.
Brief quotes are more likely to be used in news stories.
Brief readings answer, amplify, or clarify an issue present, past, or future.
Brief reasons explain each item.
Brief records are available in our online catalog for titles that are on order or in process.
Some brief records seem to have been loaded twice.
Brief reflection suggests the practical requirements and theoretical implications of the method.
Brief relief is offered for teens and parents at residential respite.
Brief remarks explain the results and illustrate their potential economic usefulness.
Brief reports are also available on company strategies and history.
Brief reports are also welcome.
Brief reports are subject to open peer review in the same manner as original research manuscripts.
Brief reports describe insomnia, narcolepsy, restless legs, and other disorders.
Brief reports follow.
Brief reports have a shorter publication lag than articles.
All brief reports require an abstract.
Brief responses provide the context needed by an outsider to understand the events.
Brief review reveals no problems.
Brief reviews follow below.
Brief reviews follow each listing.
Brief section summarizes for immediate assessment of reader understanding.
Brief sentences play variations on the theme as they concur, argue and overlap.
Brief site has dates and contact information.
Brief sketches appear here.
Brief statements are most helpful in reaching a decision based on sound judgment.
Brief statements work best.
Brief summaries accompany most entries.
Brief summaries accompany some of the citations.
Brief summaries replace lengthy stories.
Brief synopsis follows.
Brief tenants guide to the new changes.
Brief text explains steps in the craft process.
Brief text places each building in historical context.
Brief therapy focuses on problems such as depression, grief and adjustment to loss.
Brief therapy is a style of therapy that searches for clients' resources and strengths.
Brief therapy is available to individuals.
Brief therapy is concerned about limiting number of sessions or time with a therapist.
Brief therapy is often an effective therapeutic approach.
Brief therapy is usually insufficient.
Brief tours are available with advance notice.
Brief translations accompany the letters written in Yiddish.
Brief treatment is utilized whenever appropriate.
Brief tutorials illustrate healthy coping techniques on a variety of issues.
Brief view is the display default.
Brief vignette describes one Ph.D. scientist's path to patent attorney.
Brief visits are generally best.
Brief visits are often preferred and appreciated by residents.
Brief weekly quizzes to encourage reading and stimulate discussion.
Brief writings are acceptable provided they meet other criteria.
A brief is an instrument
Briefs also provide an analysis of legal precedents and primary authority for legal issues.
Briefs are a no-no, no matter what.
Briefs are also the only incontinence product designed for bowel incontinence.
Briefs are an occasional feature.
Briefs are available in small, medium, large and extra large sizes.
Briefs are available online prior to oral argument.
Briefs are available to midshipmen groups, faculty and staff.
Briefs are available within four weeks after arguments.
Briefs are bands.
Briefs are cross referenced under applicable subject headings.
Briefs are due at the beginning of class on the indicated date.
Briefs are due on the date the assigned reading is due.
Briefs are due the week following the class indicated with an asterisk.
Briefs are legal documents.
Briefs are old-fashioned, thereby, they are practical and more comfortable than loose boxer shorts.
Briefs are outlines.
Briefs are pants.
Briefs are personal items of promotions or awards.
Briefs are so unflattering.
Briefs are to be handed in for evaluation on the dates identified in the syllabus.
Briefs arrive six to eighteen months after oral arguments.
Briefs can make the area too hot, resulting in a low sperm count.
Briefs can supply advanced equipment and offer advice here.
Briefs created on a word-processor are ideal, as they are easy to edit.
Briefs feel more like underwear for a more comfortable fit.
Briefs filed in cases of general interest to the bar are on the briefs page.
Briefs go under many different names and cover a wide range of issues.
Briefs help one to remember the gist of a case.
Briefs help pull in all the different groups and get in tons of names.
Briefs interpret the design agenda for a specific site or area of the city.
Briefs introduce the different styles of kendo and kenjutsu.
Briefs offer great support to the genital area.
Briefs provide more of a surface area for the pad to stick to.
Briefs Read about ice on the moon, flesh eating bacteria, and other interesting news items.
Briefs reflect the opinion of a majority of the committee members who choose to write.
Briefs reveal the position taken by representative national pressure groups and individuals.
Briefs Take a look at recent events that have happened around campus and the political scene.
Briefs vary in the extent to which they prescribe the design of development.
All briefs are first quality and ready to go on the selling floor immediately.
Every brief needs it to provide a frame within which to understand the argument.
Some briefs also assert the amendment violates the rights of gays to petition government.
Some briefs are free, others have a charge.
Briefcase accessories expand into computer case age.
Briefcase folders are actually the same thing but their contents are displayed differently.
Briefcase folders are actually the same thing, but their contents are displayed differently.
Briefcase model is especially convenient for laptop users on the road.
A briefcase is a case
Briefcases are baggage.
Briefcases are boxs.
Briefcases are cases.
Briefcases are heavy.
Briefcases are integrated into the seat backs for storage.
Briefcases are just specially tagged folders.
Briefcases are located in airports.
Briefcases are located in courtrooms.
Briefcases are located in desks.
Briefcases are located in hands.
Briefcases are located in office buildings.
Briefcases are office products.
Briefcases can be here, or behind the lodge.
Briefcases have compartments.
Briefcases tend to be very personal items for some people, very much a part of their lives.
All briefcases are beautiful and have character.
Most briefcases are too flimsy and wear out quickly.
Briefer manuscripts are also welcome.
Briefer records are of diminished value to all.
Briefer statements are to be interpreted by fuller ones.
A brier is vegetation
Brier has about three homes per acre.
Brier has no aspirations to be big.
Brier is a hot commodity in local real estate circles.
Brier is a quieter, huggable kitten who is a little shy, but oh so lovable.
Brier is a wonderful guide.
Brier says rate increases are needed to encourage conservation.
Briers are vegetation.
Briers can form impenetrable tangles.
A brig is a sailing ship
Brigs are smaller vessels, used for carrying cargo.
Some brigs have the gaff sail rigged on a separate mast just a bit astern of the main mast.
Brigade commanders influence only their own brigades.
A brigade is a force
Brigade isa organization.
Brigade issues daily radio sheet of Arlington service.
Brigades already have a duty and policy to provide training in equal opportunities.
Brigades have at present only one cylinder on each set.
Brigades plan a radical makeover for the fledgling party.
Brigades suffer heavy casualties.
Brigades use psychometric aptitude tests to assess suitability.
Many brigades receive only a few calls each year.
A brigand is a thief
Brigands are skilled in assassination and spell casting.
Brigands seize the cart of the four friends in Rome.
Brigantine Island is just north of Atlantic City.
Bright accents wrap around the driver, and adorn the faces of the semicircular gauges.
Bright acidity balances the sweetness.
Bright acidity carries modest citrus and apple flavors along to a moderate but clean finish.
Bright acidity makes it extra refreshing and layered.
Bright acidity promotes a long, persistent fruit finish.
Bright areas are coronal clouds moving outward.
Bright areas are places with high, thick clouds that shield the methane below.
Bright areas become a detailess white and dark areas go completely black.
Bright areas correspond to active sunspot regions.
Bright areas depict active sand dune areas.
Bright areas indicate a high concentration of the element, dark areas an absence of the element.
Bright areas indicate higher amounts of moisture and are often associated with clouds.
Bright areas indicate regions of high coherence, whereas dark areas represent low coherence regions.
Bright areas represent cold high cloud tops.
Bright areas show clouds and snow cover.
Bright areas tend to wash out and become white.
Bright awnings cover office and interaction areas.
Bright awnings cover the office and interaction areas.
Bright background stands as the background for the otherwise simple and basic accommodations.
Bright bands are regions of constructive interference.
Bright banners wave from the lampposts, inviting people to a weekend festival.
Bright baskets hover in the sunshine.
Bright beads shine among the dark and beauty in ugliness, order in disorder.
Bright beam illuminates any path.
Bright berries contain seeds.
Bright berries have flavour.
Bright berries have sweet flavour.
Most bright berries contain seeds.
Most bright berries have flavour.
Most bright berries have sweet flavour.
Some bright berries attract attention.
Some bright berries provide sustenance.
Bright blood trickles down the human face of a bull with startling blue eyes.
Bright blue is the predominant color in the sunny decor.
Bright blue seems to be the choice for interior color.
Bright blues are eye catching and make an impact.
Bright brass is highly polished to a mirror shine.
Bright brass is optional.
Bright bulges are also less concentrated, the exponent is smaller.
Bright buttons match the size and amount for penny, nickel, dime and quarter.
Bright buttons offer access to familiar functions.
Bright cafe feel, gets darker and more of a bar feel at night.
Bright center is mottled.
Bright characters twirl inside each ball, capturing baby's attention with constant motion and color.
Bright children are more likely to be nearsighted.
Bright children can learn in any way.
Bright children have great intellectual curiosity.
Bright children present the difficult educational problems.
Bright children stay at school longer.
Bright children thrive on learning.
Bright cities influence the world.
Bright clothing catches people's attention during daylight.
Bright clothing is recommended.
Bright clothing is worn.
Bright clouds are higher in the jovian atmosphere.
Bright color attracts.
Bright color goes well with product images.
Bright color helps flower plants.
Bright color helps plants.
Bright color is color.
Bright color warns away potential predators.
Bright colors aid compliance checks.
Bright colors are a great way to stand out against the gray fall sky.
Bright colors are also popular.
Bright colors are apt.
Bright colors are everywhere in solid pieces as well as patterned ones.
Bright colors are fun.
Bright colors are ideal for capturing attention.
Bright colors are loud and tend to advance, while dull, less intense colors are quiet and recede.
Bright colors are most appropriate for youth riders than amateurs or professionals.
Bright colors are preferable.
Bright colors are safe and non-toxic.
Bright colors are still in with an emphasis on clean lines for men.
Bright colors are surfaces facing towards the sonar.
Bright colors are the best because they can be seen at a great distance.
Bright colors are the easiest to tell apart.
Bright colors attract animals with a good sense of sight, such as the hummingbirds.
Bright colors attract attention away from the face.
Bright colors attract birds and are more attractive than typical, everyday bird toys.
Bright colors attract the eye and adds another attractive feature to cartooning.
Bright colors attract unwanted attention.
Bright colors bring life to a simple design.
Bright colors can be over stimulating to young children.
Bright colors can help attract a user's eye contributing to higher response rates.
Bright colors clothe the little birds outside.
Bright colors combined with deep and dark colors work well.
Bright colors contrast the somber-looking machinery at many of the booths.
Bright colors create a happy, energetic mood, like the party colors to the left.
Bright colors deck the fields in springtime.
Bright colors delight the eyes and multiple textures and fabric knots stimulate the touch.
Bright colors delight the eyes and multiple textures and fabric.
Bright colors express high energy and emotion.
Bright colors give eye appeal.
Bright colors give showpieces an attractive finish.
Bright colors have the appearance of junk mail.
Bright colors hold a child's attention and focus during therapy or swim lessons.
Bright colors hold up well to brilliant sunshine, and attract the eye even from a distance.
Bright colors indicate an important message.
Bright colors indicate excitement and subdued colors can add dignity.
Bright colors look best.
Bright colors makes people feel more energetic.
Bright colors perform better than subtle colors.
Bright colors predominate in the costumes of both sexes.
Bright colors reflect a good sound quality.
Bright colors reflect visible light.
Bright colors represent many points and dark colors only a few points.
Bright colors represent strong, clear feelings, perhaps about children, family or creativity.
Bright colors rotate through the palette so it looks a bit animated and is amusing to watch.
Bright colors seem to make a person happy as dark colors make the opposite effect.
Bright colors seem to work well.
Bright colors serve as a warning to potential predators.
Bright colors show the concentration of stress at the edges of delamination.
Bright colors show up better when close to the bottom.
Bright colors stand out on overcast days like that one.
Bright colors stimulate activity and subdued colors encourage reflection.
Bright colors stimulate baby's development.
Bright colors tend to appeal to young children.
Bright colors tend to stand out better.
Bright colors violate their religious beliefs.
Bright colors work best in active places - children's rooms and recreation areas.
Bright colors work best.
Any bright color is better than drab or dark colors.
Any bright color is good for summer bulleting boards.
Most bright color helps flower plants.
Most bright color helps plants.
Some bright color attracts insect pollinators.
Some bright color attracts insects.
Some bright color attracts pollinators.
Some bright colors fade in full sun, but in general the plants prefer bright, sunny locations.
Bright coloration attracts attention.
Bright coloration is common in poisonous species.
Bright coloration tells the female that the male is more resistant to pathogens and parasites.
Most bright coloration attracts attention.
Bright colour begins to spread across meadows rich with goldenrod and asters.
Bright colours are a wizard's evil spell.
Bright colours are always a hit with children.
Bright colours can scare away the animals.
Bright colours clothe the little birds outside.
Bright colours compete with their habitat, aquatic grasses bending in the gentle current.
Bright colours deck the fields in springtime.
Bright colours indicate excitement, fun and pleasure.
Bright colours reflect more light which sometimes over stimulates the eye.
Bright comet poses puzzle .
Bright comets are generally a once in a decade event.
Bright days produce sugars, and are also more likely to be followed by frosts than cloudy ones.
Bright days work best.
Any bright day is good for boiling remedy plants.
Bright daylight fills the bedroom.
Bright dips contain nitric and phosphoric acid, and are wildly corrosive, toxic, and noxious.
Bright dot is visible under all conditions.
Every bright dot is representative for one molecule.
Bright eatery serves homestyle meals in a casual family atmosphere.
Bright effects add a little spice to combat.
Bright eyes appear larger than life.
Bright eyes are good bands.
Bright eyes are hard to resist in the days of one's youth.
Bright Eyes are the answer to being there before the game.
Bright eyes do diminish and go dark.
Bright eyes peer.
Bright facets give it a gleaming finish.
Bright field is needed to distinguish colors of food vacuoles.
Bright fires are best at night.
Bright fireballs display a range of colours throughout the spectrum.
Bright fish hang in the dining room, which is decorated in knotty pine, brass and colorful foliage.
Bright fish move around as baby pushes on mat.
Bright flags festoon the light poles and a recreational atmosphere pervades.
Bright flowers appear in late springs.
Bright flowers appear in springs.
Bright flowers are ideal for fresh bouquets, and seed heads are good for dried arrangements.
Bright flowers attract butterflies.
Bright flowers attract butterflies.
Bright flowers attract hummingbirds.
Bright flowers attract insects.
Bright flowers open on the ends of the branches.
Bright flowers take the baking sun and look great all summer long.
Most bright flowers appear in late springs.
Most bright flowers appear in springs.
Most bright flowers attract butterflies.
Most bright flowers attract insects.
Bright foliage is another way to create evening glow in the garden.
Bright frost is present at both polar regions.
Bright frost is visible at the north and south poles.
Bright fruit emerges.
Some bright fruit contains nuts.
Bright Futures Get hard cash for good grades . .
Bright girl is sent to live with wealthy relatives.
Bright girls receive rewards for intellectual achievements throughout girlhood.
Bright glare can also produce high contrast shadows.
Bright gold leaves, likes moist oil.
Bright graphics dance across the screen.
Bright green adds shock to the pastel purple flower petals.
Bright green are the courgettes and the fish silver-blue.
Bright green can be extremely overbearing, but a dark green is tamed and can be very useful.
Bright green is a bright shade of green.
Bright green is all zeroes and bright pink is all ones.
Bright green is easy for the robots to see, so they use it to keep tabs on one another.
Bright greens moving to blue indicate healing ability.
Bright hues remain a choice accent.
Bright illustrations accompany even more interesting chameleon tidbits.
Bright illustrations tell the life cycle of a butterfly.
Bright interiors feature extensive grab-rails for passengers' use.
Bright kids are a joy to teach.
Bright kids enjoy school and get challenged with the work that they are asked to do.
Most bright kids understand that evolution is like a branching bush.
All Bright Kits are in stock and ready to ship.
Bright kitchen faces pool.
Bright kitchen opens onto new deck.
Bright leaf has a tan-colored face and back and usually shows maturity and finish.
Bright leaves turn golden in fall.
Bright leaves cover the wet tarmac, like gold coins lying on black velvet.
Bright light acts as a reset button, triggering the molecular activity to start earlier or later.
Bright light arouses.
Bright light attracts nocturnal insects.
Bright light bothers the eyes, so keep the room dim.
Bright light can bounce off surfaces.
Bright light can damage the historic documents that are on display.
Bright light can discourage drowsiness, and darkness can cause sleepiness, day or night.
Bright light can overstimulate photoreceptors and potentially damage the retina.
Bright light can travel through the plastic to the darker side.
Bright light causes many children to become hyperactive.
Bright light comes forward, darkness moves back.
Bright light increases the secretion of melatonin in the brain.
Bright light intensifies the leaf colorations and promotes good flower development.
Bright light is an extremely effective agent to help people that work shift work.
Bright light is appreciated, but full sun is too bright in most areas.
Bright light is best for Canary Island broom.
Bright light is capable of blinds.
Bright light is essential for rich color development in the leaves.
Bright light is essential to keep geraniums flowering.
Bright light is essential to keep geraniums in flower year-round.
Bright light is good, but direct rays can lower the quality of the flowers.
Bright light is great, and darkness is great too with the backlight.
Bright light is located in hospitals.
Bright light is recommended.
Bright light produces leaves.
Bright light reflects dark shadows.
Bright light seems to inhibit the feeding process.
Bright light signals the body to be active while darkness signals that it is time for rest.
Bright light signals the brain that it's time to wake up.
Bright light slices through the thin trees while leaves crunch under foot.
Bright light suppresses the output of melatonin.
Bright light tends to increase alertness while dim light leads to drowsiness.
Bright lights are a distraction.
Bright lights are on day and night.
Bright lights are the best cure for baseless fears.
Bright lights attract big bugs.
Bright lights become bothersome.
Bright lights can also become a safety problem, endangering motorists blinded by glare.
Bright lights can be effective in repelling bats.
Bright lights can bli nd .
Bright lights consume a lot of battery power.
Bright lights fill the class rooms and the cafeteria.
Bright lights Find some great deals here on demo, used, and discontinued items.
Bright lights flood the stage.
Bright lights focus on certain products, while softer light fills the store.
Bright lights give out a positive vibe that is good for bathrooms and kitchens.
Bright lights improve the ambience.
Bright lights placed under buildings can serve a similar function.
Bright lights put astronomers in the dark .
Bright lights represent the urban-metropolitan areas.
Bright lights rim the saucer, and a clear cirvular dome is often seen on the saucer portion.
Bright lights seem to aid in driving the larvae off into the containers.
Bright lights shine over the audience.
Bright lights suppress the brain's secretion of melatonin.
Most bright light produces leaves.
Some bright light affects behaviour.
Some bright light reduces visibility.
Bright lighting can help a child see and attend to visual materials more consistently.
Bright lighting creates glare on the screen.
Bright lighting drains away warmth and flattens figures so that they look like cardboard cut-outs.
Bright lines mean that something is luminous at a particular, pure colour.
Bright material is glass.
Bright mohair shawls and scarves fashioned from eyelash wool drape over chairs.
Bright moments do remain.
Bright moonlight can illuminate an earthly landscape on nights when the moon is full.
Bright moonlight does the trick too, making the sky too bright to see the Milky Way.
Bright moonlight makes it difficult to see all but the brightest meteors.
Bright nebulae are comparatively dense clouds of gas within the diffuse interstellar medium.
Bright nebulae are usually bluish and reflect the light of nearby stars.
Bright objects can tolerate more magnification before too much light is lost.
Bright objects have more negative magnitudes than faint objects.
Bright objects recorded on such materials are completly unprintable in any normal way.
Bright orange is also bad.
Bright orange is today's hot color.
Bright paper looks better, and causes the ink printed on it to look brighter.
Bright patches are carbon dioxide frost.
Bright patches are likely due to sulfur dioxide ice and gas jetted from fractures in surface.
Bright people are sometimes poor spellers.
Bright people are the key to our future.
Bright people can assimilate new things quickly and welcome changes as a challenge.
Bright people can disagree.
Bright people can have more freedom than they used to in any profession.
Bright photos tend to look better on a computer screen.
Bright pictures depict a child's photographs of the zoo.
Bright pictures help primary-level readers study about the sun.
Bright pigments wash from most clothing and skin.
Bright pink flowers attract insects.
Bright pink is even back.
Bright pixels represent high anisotropy.
Bright planets can seem to jump around because of an optical illusion called the autokinetic effect.
Some bright plumages cover long tails.
Some bright plumages cover tails.
Bright points are cosmic ray hits on the CCD detector.
Bright points are small active regions found on the solar disk.
Bright points study today.
Bright posters contrast with the high, off-white ceiling, blond wood, and white tablecloths.
Bright rays extend from the craters, perhaps consisting of fresh ice.
Bright rays represent material ejected from other impact craters.
Bright red berries contain seeds.
Bright red berries have flavour.
Bright red berries have sweet flavour.
Bright red can make anyone look good.
Bright red is a good attention-grabbing color to paint the game.
Bright red is also a popular color for special events, holidays and ceremonial events.
Bright red is the colour of very hot metal.
Bright red is the live throttled steam from the boiler.
Bright red is used only for furnishings or accent pieces.
Bright red is used unsparingly throughout the website.
Bright red means anger.
Bright red takes the seriousness out of grab bars.
Bright regions are collagen.
Bright regions are locations with high clouds in the upper troposphere shielding the methane below.
Bright regions are more dewet than dark regions.
Bright regions called faculae are also plainly visible.
Bright regions have higher density of coronal gas than dark regions.
Bright regions reflect topographically high areas corresponding to the terminal bromine atoms.
Bright regions represent clouds, darker regions represent land and oceans.
Bright roses reach over a fence.
Bright salmon hues with an elegant bouquet.
Bright scarlet flowers appear in springs.
Bright science calls for bright ideas.
Bright shade indicates that a visible shadow is present.
Bright shorts are good.
Bright solids are fine.
Bright sources cause higher error, significantly affecting the overall performance of the approach.
Bright sources cause some of the detectors to become non-linear.
Bright spaces are noisier.
Bright sparks fly.
Bright sports are large crystallites.
Bright spot is gone.
Bright spots are fresh craters and their ejecta patterns.
Bright spots are fresh impact craters which have strewn large blocks on the lunar surface.
Bright spots are fresh, young impact craters and their ejecta patterns.
Bright spots are geologically recent impact craters and their ejecta.
Bright spots are online order history and canned gift messages for shoppers with writer's block.
Bright spots are pure materials, while the lines connecting the dots are mixtures.
Bright spots are sources such as active galaxies or pulsars.
Bright spots do emerge.
Bright spots do exist.
Bright spots indicate Fe presence.
Bright spots represent rigs and ships, dark features possible oil slicks or other deposits.
Some bright spots are also discernible in the regional economies.
Some bright spots relieve the current bleak landscape.
Bright stars appear larger on the sky chart than dim stars.
Bright stars are an important cause of intense brightening of the background light.
Bright stars are at the top of the diagram, cool stars are near the bottom.
Bright stars are close, and faint stars are farther away.
Bright stars are far away and dim stars are close.
Bright stars lighten up the night sky.
Bright stars look like small comets.
Bright stars present a number of problems to both point source and extended source extraction.
Bright stars roll on in the vast sea of space.
Many bright stars are a promise of success.
Many bright stars are in the sky.
Most bright stars have many names.
Bright straw fills the air.
Bright streak is brighter.
Bright structures represent cloud echoes.
Bright students are reluctant to enter a profession with such limited earning potential.
Bright students challenge each other and the faculty to perform at the highest levels.
Bright students have a wide variety of needs that change over time.
Bright students help create a fantastic learning environment.
Bright subjects expose the film a lot, darker subjects expose the film less.
Bright sun can cause stopwatches to become difficult to read.
Bright sun casts shadows from evergreen trees over new fallen snow.
Bright sun comes through the window.
Bright sun establishes contrasts so stark as to be beautiful but somewhat unapproachable.
Bright sun is different from filtered sun, and bright shade is different from light shade.
Bright sun is good.
Bright sun makes people squint, and it throws harsh shadows.
Bright sun means deep shadows that often seem to mar expressions and features.
Bright sun works best.
Bright sunlight burns delicate skin.
Bright sunlight burns skin.
Bright sunlight can cause shadows.
Bright sunlight destroys photosynthetic pigments.
Bright sunlight fills the scene, the grass is green and lush.
Bright sunlight increases temperature.
Bright sunlight makes people squint and throws off shadows.
Bright sunlight washes out and makes less visible the city buildings beyond the park.
Most bright sunlight increases temperature.
Bright sunshine causes most water plants, including algae, to grow better.
Bright sunshine changes the appearance, or perception, of all colors.
Bright sunshine creates very contrasty light leading to burned out highlights and blocked shadows.
Bright sunshine follows heavy downpours.
Bright sunshine provides energy.
Most bright sunshine provides energy.
Bright ties bring focus to the face, but a simple pattern is best for an interview.
Bright tobacco becomes the rage in the North.
Bright teeth contrast well against dark hair and skin.
Bright track lighting illuminates the pale stucco walls.
Bright trim surrounds the windows and lights, and highlights the massive sides of the car.
Bright trumpets play a prominent role in the music which finally moves towards a climax.
Bright tulips decorate the garden border as the cat watches silently.
Bright values are high.
Bright warn coloration attracts attention.
Bright watercolors compliment the text.
Bright white ice reflects income solar radiation.
Bright white ice reflects radiation.
Bright white ice reflects solar radiation.
Bright white can also make other colors look dull or muddy.
Bright whitewash exhibits traditional patterns on the soft brown walls of residences.
Some bright windowsills provide light.
Bright yellow flowers appear in springs.
Bright yellow is highly attractive to aphids, whiteflies, leafminers, leafhoppers, and thrips.
Bright yellow is much easier to read when it is on a black background.
Bright yellow is the most common.
Bright zinc plating closely resembles bright chromium.
Brighter areas are higher in elevation.
Brighter areas correspond to the larger amplitude.
Brighter areas have a greater magnitude .
Brighter areas have a greater magnitude.
Brighter areas indicate increased backscatter from the atmosphere.
Brighter areas indicate more radiation.
Brighter areas indicate snow cover or thunderstorms.
Brighter areas represent regions populated by either numerous or massive young stars.
Brighter baits mean more fish, and that means more bites.
Brighter blobs are strontium atoms, weaker are titanium.
Brighter bulbs light up cell innards.
Brighter bulbs warn the animals of the approaching people.
Brighter color is the reason many gardeners prune smokebush to the ground in late winter.
Brighter colors appear to have been weathered by time and nature.
Brighter colors are easy to read.
Brighter colors attract our eyes first, and if overused, can cause visual confusion.
Brighter colors correspond to higher effective stress in the inclusions after damage is initiated.
Brighter colors indicate gamma-ray sources.
Brighter colors indicate higher levels of stress.
Brighter colors indicate higher velocities.
Brighter colors indicate more activation.
Brighter colors indicate stronger scattering regions.
Brighter colors reflect greater dopamine binding capacity.
Brighter colors represent a larger flux of neutrinos.
Brighter colors represent denser regions of hydrogen.
Brighter colors represent higher pressure.
Brighter colors represent increased sediment load.
Brighter colors represent regions of higher porosity.
Brighter colors show better blood flow and darker colors show poorer blood flow.
Brighter coloration is a sign of greater aggressiveness, recognized by other iguanas.
Brighter days are ahead for anglers Things finally are getting back to normal.
Brighter images mean better looking presentations.
Brighter light acts an arousal agent.
Brighter light brings out a reddish tint to the pitchers.
Brighter light reveals more details in structure and allows faster image-taking.
Brighter lights enhance many rooms.
Brighter lighting is more suitable for normal room use and reading.
Brighter nights seem to yield fewer owls.
Brighter objects are also liable to display proper motion.
Brighter objects are also liable to display proper motions.
Brighter objects have smaller values.
Brighter oranges work best as accent colors.
Brighter points are farther away from the sensor.
Brighter points represent larger values of the histogram.
Brighter regions are hottest.
Brighter regions are more responsive.
Brighter regions are regions where the electron is more likely to be found.
Brighter regions correspond to higher amplitude or phase.
Brighter regions correspond to higher surface elevation or frictional force.
Brighter regions have lower temperatures than darker ones.
Brighter regions represent more total hydrogen content.
Brighter rooms look and feel larger.
Brighter stars are visible.
Brighter stars deliver more photons to the pixels of the CCD's than dimmer stars.
Brighter stars give better correction.
Brighter stars have larger holes in the starsphere.
Brighter stars have smaller magnitudes than dimmer stars.
Brighter stars have smaller magnitudes.
Brighter students tutor the slower ones.
Brighter yellow shows thicker clouds.
Brightest part is the galaxy's nucleus.
Brightest plage is located south of the large sunspot.
Brightest stars are first magnitude, followed by the dimmer second magnitude and so on.
Brightest stars are red giants.
Brightest stars are usually blue main sequence stars.
Brightness adjustment is included.
Brightness adjustment is possible.
Brightness button is a slider button.
Most brightness cans have impact.
Brightness contrast is also evident in colour.
Brightness preference is by no means uniform in Europe.
Brightness switch is nice.
Brightness adjusts the level of brightness for video playback.
Brightness cans have impact.
Brightness depends on locations.
Brightness depends on size.
Brightness has effects.
Brightness is light
Brightness isa property.
Brightness varies over periods.
More brightness means a crisper image even in the face of light.
Most brightness depends on locations.
Most brightness depends on size.
Most brightness has effects.
Some brightness changes over time.
Some brightness varies over few years.
Some brightness varies over last few years.
Some brightness varies over last years.
Some brightness varies over years.
Brilliance has no lock on creativity.
Brilliance is a central characteristic of genius.
Brilliance is a measure of the intensity and directionality of an x-ray beam.
Brilliance is a random thing that falls upon a work, now and again.
Brilliance is almost entirely the result of the cut and proportions of the diamond.
Brilliance is always nice.
Brilliance is brightness
Brilliance is divine.
Brilliance is followed by a seriously wild temper tantrum.
Brilliance is good, but godliness is much better.
Brilliance is great, but without clarity it's nothing.
Brilliance is in the eye of the beholder.
Brilliance is intelligence.
Brilliance is knowledge tempered with compassion.
Brilliance is lost and the diamond appears glassy, lifeless and dark.
Brilliance is maximized by cutting a diamond to ideal proportions.
Brilliance is the child's power of the heart.
Brilliance is the intensity of light reflected from a surface.
Brilliance is the total light reflected to the eye from both surface and internal reflections.
Most brilliance arises from ordinary people working together in extraordinary ways.
Many brilliant actors do it naturally and have no idea how they make it happen.
Brilliant articles cry out to be written.
Brilliant berries attract birds.
Brilliant canyons offer unparalleled opportunities for picture-taking and hiking.
Brilliant casting insures the assets of writer and director.
Brilliant characters flash across the pages of history.
Brilliant color is the hallmark of the marigold.
Brilliant colors burst forth as flowers blossom on the saguaro and the barrel cactus.
Brilliant colors contain a unique double color system that resists fading.
Brilliant colors splash the sky never repeating the same pattern twice.
Brilliant colours shine through the black glitter dust of the skirt.
Brilliant comedy abounds.
Some brilliant diamonds show fire.
Brilliant flowers catch the light from east to west.
Brilliant flowers need full sunlight.
Brilliant flowers need sunlight.
Brilliant flowers provide colorful display in sunny garden.
Brilliant foliage is a cyclic phenomenon that occurs each autumn in deciduous forests.
Brilliant gold colored accents add to their allure.
Brilliant graphics leap off every page.
Brilliant green is preferred but amber permissible.
Brilliant hues create a dramatic sunset near town.
Some brilliant hues attract attention.
Some brilliant hues attract much attention.
Brilliant ideas can come from ordinary people.
Brilliant ideas remain trapped in the status quo.
Brilliant insight makes powerful connections.
Some brilliant men become killers.
Brilliant minds make brilliant products.
Every brilliant move looks stupid to someone.
Brilliant orange is preferred.
Brilliant people devise computer viruses that bring down entire information systems.
Many brilliant people die of heart attacks caused by anxieties.
Many brilliant people give up.
Brilliant plumes make colorful fresh or dry bouquets.
Brilliant proofs are where the whole die has been polished.
Brilliant red indicates healthy vegetation.
Brilliant red is a winner's colour.
Brilliant red is good for commanding attention.
Brilliant saturation highlights every scene.
Brilliant scarlet is considered the highest quality vermilion used by Tibetan artists.
Brilliant scientists are universally knowledgeable in all fields of scientific study.
Brilliant scientists have subjects.
Most brilliant scientists have subjects.
Brilliant silk scarves change colors, fly about and vanish.
Brilliant solutions can be simple or functionally complex.
Brilliant stars captivate.
Brilliant suspense develops.
Brilliant use is made of soliloquies.
Brilliant white is still quite frightening.
Brilliant wildflowers bloom upon the shore.
Brilliant wisdom is different from sordid learning.
Brilliant women can ruin a chap.
A brim is an edge
Brim isa surface.
Brims are available in adult, child and baby sizes.
Brims have (part) sections.
Brims have a very small mouth.
Some brims are part of aquaria.
Some brims are part of basins.
Some brims are part of bathrooms.
Some brims are part of baths.
Some brims are part of beakers.
Some brims are part of birdbaths.
Some brims are part of boilers.
Some brims are part of bottles.
Some brims are part of bowls.
Some brims are part of buckets.
Some brims are part of canteens.
Some brims are part of cauldrons.
Some brims are part of cisterns.
Some brims are part of dippers.
Some brims are part of fireplaces.
Some brims are part of flasks.
Some brims are part of jars.
Some brims are part of jugs.
Some brims are part of kettles.
Some brims are part of pails.
Some brims are part of pots.
Some brims are part of potties.
Some brims are part of scoops.
Some brims are part of tanks.
Some brims are part of teapots.
Some brims are part of toilets.
Some brims are part of tubs.
Some brims are part of vases.
Some brims are part of vessels.
Brindle markings are unacceptable.
Brine contamination is also a problem near oil fields.
Brine density is measured with a salinometer, which works on the same principle as a hydrometer.
Brine meter allows for evaluation of pre-filters and boost pump.
Brine pools are large areas of brine on the seabed .
Brine runoff is difficult to control with covered piles.
Brine shrimp are active filter feeders.
Brine shrimp are crustaceans.
Brine shrimp are non-selective, continuous filter feeders.
Brine shrimp are relatives of lobsters, crabs, crayfish, and the shrimp eaten by humans.
Brine shrimp are remarkable little animals.
Brine shrimp are short-lived, fast growing, and have relatively high fecundity.
Brine shrimp are used in the laboratory for testing the toxicity of chemicals.
Brine shrimp is a crustacean
Brine shrimp is crustaceans.
Brine shrimp provides benefits.
Brine shrimp take in food though their mouth .
Brine shrimp take in food though their mouth.
Most brine shrimp provides benefits.
Brine solution is made by adding salt, sodium chloride, to water.
A brine is a solution
Brine check valve ensures only first quality water to storage tank.
Brine shrimp hatchery.
Brine shrimp inhabit areas across the globe, both in the western hemisphere and eastern hemisphere.
Brine shrimp often look like orange clumps in the water.
Brines are companies.
Brines are solutions.
Brines are subsidiaries.
Brines are typically warmer than coastal waters and highly saline as well.
Brines can also contain other ingredients, such as vinegar, dill seed, garlic and lime.
Brines evaporate to a variety of different salts.
Brines exhibit similar behavior.
Brines often contain a little iodide.
A brinjal is a herb
Brinjals belong to fish head curry dishes.
Brinjals do extremely well on soil with a high humus content.
A brink is an edge
Brink becomes grounds superintendent.
Brink confesses to being an obsessive planner and notekeeper.
Brink has four projects under way.
Brink is much more like a slick east coast magazine trying to portray itself as an indie zine.
Brink is professor of animal science.
Brink is revived.
Brink needs a woman.
Brink needs to be really aggressive to do well.
Brink recommends getting close to users through field studies.
Brink run away.
Brink runs away.
Brink says, ''At the moment, the immediate threat seems to have been lifted.
Brink succeeds in making that one haunted life worth examining and sharing.
Brinks are boundaries.
Brinks are edges.
Brinks are video games.
Brintech professionals help community banks profit from their technology investments.
Brio is an activity
BRIO is quality, parents.
BRIO is the world's largest manufacturer of wooden toys and is based in Sweden.
A brioche is roll
Brioche is baked in many shapes though the brioche e tete is best known.
Brioches are bread.
Brioches are breakfasts.
Brioches are buns.
Brioches are dessert.
Brioches are food.
Brioches are pastry.
Briozoan fossils are also fairly common.
A briquette is a block
Briquettes provide a long lasting, even heat source and are easier to use than wood coals.
Most briquettes consist of extenders.
Brisbane city is a beautiful city with lots to offer.
Brisk winds signal the beginning of windsurfing season at Micro Beach, in Saipan.
Brisket is cut of meat
Briskets require longer cooking for tenderness and desired flavor.
Bristle fans create more textured strokes.
Bristle section slips easily into the bottom section for storage.
All bristle sizes are useful for outline work and for thin, fine lines and dots.
Many bristle worms break apart easily when handled.
Most bristle worms are scavengers , but some are good predators , eating fishes and coral .
Most bristle worms are scavengers, but some are good predators, eating fishes and coral.
Some bristle worms have poison bristles .
Some bristle worms have poison bristles.
A bristle is fiber
Bristle isa fiber.
Bristle isa fibre.
Bristles are black or white on gray skin.
Bristles are epidermal appendages resembling stiff, more or less rigid hairs.
Bristles are fiber.
Bristles are greenish to purple.
Bristles are hair.
Bristles are in excellent condition.
Bristles are modified feathers.
Bristles are part of brushs.
Bristles are short and inconspicuous on the shiny body.
Bristles are vital because they directly contact the teeth.
Bristles become soft when wet.
Bristles fall out.
Bristles form the first layer of defence.
Bristles give a velvety appearance and repel wetting.
Bristles have practically no barbs at all and are stiff.
Bristles hold solutions for effective cleaning of hubcaps, chrome and tires.
Bristles lining their nostrils filter out dust and tiny wood chips.
Bristles occur most commonly around the base of the bill, around the eyes, and as eyelashes.
Bristles reach and remove the tiniest, most elusive dust particles.
Bristles reach to clean behind back teeth.
Bristles serve as the principal proprioceptors and touch receptors.
Bristles vary in color from clear to pale yellow through purple and black.
Every bristle has a split end and oil or acrylic colour sits between the division.
Most bristles are polished and end-rounded to protect the enamel and gums.
Some bristles are part of hairbrushs.
Some bristles are part of paintbrushs.
Some bristles are part of sables.
Some bristles are part of toothbrushes.
Some bristles pick up vibrations from the ground or air, or the spider's leg.
A bristlecone fir is a true fir
Bristlecone fir is a native, evergreen, medium-sized tree.
Bristlecone pine grow on the highest ridges.
Bristlecone pine is conifers.
Bristlecone pine is pine
Bristlecone pine is pine.
Bristlecone pines are aged by counting tree rings, which form annually within their trunks.
Bristlecone pines are fairly common in the regions where they grow.
Bristlecone pines are known for attaining great ages.
Bristlecone pines are very slow growing.
Bristlecone pines can be a thousand years old.
Bristlecone pines can outlive sequoias by several thousands of years iii.
Bristlecone pines grow atop the open, windy cliffs along the rim.
Bristlecone pines grow from the barren, rocky slopes here.
Bristlecone pines grow with a lot of space between each tree.
Bristlecone pines occur in only six western states.
A bristletail is an insect
Bristletails have a cylindrical body that tapers to a narrow bristle-like tail.
Bristletails have chewing mouthparts.
Bristletails molt after becoming adults, but most adult insects neither molt nor increase in size.
Bristletails prefer to eat vegetable matter.
All bristletails are carrot-shaped, somewhat flattened, and covered with grayish scales.
A brit is a young fish
Brit stretches out on the floor to do exercises with a rubber band.
Brits are copepods.
Brits are more concerned about crime and violence now.
Brits are too subdued.
Brits are weird.
Brits are welcome too.
Brits are young fish.
Brits call it the bleedin' obvious.
Brits catch onto and sustain some of our greatest stars.
Brits do well at Pine Mountain.
Brits Drink warm, beery-tasting piss.
Brits fear tourism is turning their country into a giant theme park.
Brits have a fondness for their computers that's almost unnatural.
Brits have a reputation for being fantastically careful with their money.
Brits have it on toast, but it's great as a base for fruit tarts, etc.
Brits is a large two-story affair.
Brits mate too.
Brits Pay a tax just so they can watch four channels.
Brits Seem to believe that wealth, poverty, success and failure are inherited things.
Brits show a similar crankiness.
Brits show support for U.S. Imerys workers.
Brits sweep and scull clean in reps .
Brits work too hard.
Most Brits can recognise some truth in that.
B'rith volunteers organize a soccer clinic.
B'rith volunteers step in with holiday meals.
Many British academics act as consultants for the principal funding and aid agencies.
British accents require kids' concentration.
British accents require tots' full attention.
British accents serve to make dull speeches even more confusing.
British accents sound foreign, the money is weird, and nothing is automatic anymore.
British accounts describe the use of the rockets during the third and fourth wars.
British actors are now keen to appear in Bollywood productions.
British administrators decide borders of Iraq and other Middle Eastern countries.
British advertising has to jump through so many hoops.
British agent investigates a plot to control the world through a weather control machine.
British agents battle an evil madman who has stolen a device which can control the weather.
British aircraft help enforce the no-fly zone.
British arms appear in lower left corner.
British art is viewed in the context of European civilization.
British artillery blasts the defenders.
Some british artists combine biology.
British assault fails against Fort Erie.
British astronomers plan to use the technology to enable selective and gentle operations.
Some british astronomers point out rings.
British athletes have a big heart, they are fighters.
British attitudes remain primeval.
British author exposes the reptilian bloodline that rules the world.
British authors make relatively little impact abroad.
British authorities deny the report.
British authorities do so little about rapists that few victims bother even reporting to police.
British authorities have no idea where are the Romanian gipsies now.
British authorities link mad cow to a similar fatal condition in humans.
British authorities say the problem is likely to get far worse before it gets better.
British bacon equals skillet-fried pig's fat.
British banks recall loans.
British baseball is an entertaining game with a long history.
British bats are small furry creatures - some people say they're like flying hamsters.
British bats eat insects and nothing else.
Most British bats seem to follow a similar sequence.
British beef is back on the menu in Brussels at a gala dinner.
British beef is now the most heavily monitored meat on the planet.
British beef is safe and certainly as safe as beef from any other country in Europe.
British beef is safe.
British beef is well appreciated in Belgium.
British beer is a glorious libation.
British behaviourists report more problems in indoor cats than in outdoor cats.
British biologists report that the coral population has grown just off the Jamaica's northern coast.
British blues bands much too romantic in that respect.
Most British boats take the central spine right up to the bow.
British books are hard to find - outside Britain.
British bookies find out.
British bookstores offer a wide range of well produced guides about the country.
British boys play from an early age, and many stay with the sport their entire lives.
British brass is mongrel.
British broadcasters lead the world in delivering an unmatched range of programmes.
British bureaucracy is fundamentally honest, if self-serving.
British buses are all red double deckers.
British business is notoriously prone to moan.
British business is praised for being able to build commercial relationships all over the world.
British businesspeople have a part to play in protecting Britain's future.
British cars are near the bottom of the table.
All British cars are welcome.
All British cars welcome.
British cases are is now also available on the Internet.
British cavalry wear the standard British helmet.
British cheeses are the best in the world, try some today.
British cheeses are very good.
British chefs is was are some of the best in the world.
British chicks are hot.
British citizens are upset.
British citizens can stay for a month and then apply for a visa for a further two months.
British citizens require a passport.
British citizenship is to be weakened gradually.
British civilians fear imminent gas and bombing attacks.
British clients receive the same service as American clients.
Most British clubs have an 'official' web site as do many riders.
British colonists reach New Zealand.
British comedy is unique and the best.
British comedy takes on a whole new level here.
British committee finds no link between cannabis and violence.
British companies are also active in the Egyptian stock market.
British companies are among the worst offenders.
British companies are particularly interested in selling consumer goods to Puerto Rican consumers.
British companies are the main beneficiaries of the aid programme.
British companies are the referred bidders for both the maritime helicopters and jet fighters.
British companies can bribe with impunity.
British companies can do the same here.
British companies can then access TradeUK to find out the opportunities which exist.
British companies have unparalleled power to propose a positive solution.
British companies see the country's defence sector as a massive potential market.
British company accuses Silicon Valley startup of seven patent violations.
British company creates and manufactures clinical and surgical simulators.
British company creates cloned pigs .
British Consuls stand ready to protect the interests of Britons abroad.
British consumers are the biggest losers.
British consumers are unusually sensitive to food safety issues.
British consumers show a strong preference for oil-filled heaters.
Some British cookers pick out the simmer state in the range in a similar way.
British courts have different standards than American courts.
British crayfish are also much smaller than the North American variety.
British crew installs cables.
British criminals have all the guns they want.
British cuisine draws more and more on the cooking of Asia and Middle East.
British cuisine gets less respect than that of almost any other European country.
British cuisine is artifacts.
British cuisine is served with originality using the freshest ingredients.
British culture is incredibly resilient in all sorts of ways.
British currency is based on pounds and pence.
British currency is sterling and one pound is called a 'quid' or a 'nicker'.
British delegation presents the future of digital communications from a UK perspective .
British democracy is based on more blood, terror, and exploitation than any empire in history.
Some british designers produce deadly fighters.
Some british designers produce fighters.
Most British diplomats ask themselves questions pertinent to British interests.
British directors are a much-maligned bunch.
British doctors do less of nearly everything.
British doctors prescribe bibliotherapy for the stressed-out and depressed.
British drama has a problem with authentically representing the family lives of minorities.
British drivers decide, quite rationally, to panic.
British drivers love rock songs.
British drivers pay the highest pump prices in Europe, while the oil companies post record profits.
British elections are also brutally frank about mudslinging.
British Embassies are pivotal in getting first contacts established.
Some british entomologists work in museums.
British entrepreneurs can lead the world in exploiting e-commerce.
British entrepreneurs promote less traditional locales, too.
British envoy praises Egypt s investment atmosphere.
British examinations are an investment for life.
British expats are an incredible asset to the nation.
British expatriates welcome.
Many British expatriates say the opportunities are better in the United States than in Britain.
British experience suggests that remedies in civil law are more effective.
British exporters favour a handful of large stations in Belgium and Holland.
British falconers are entirely reliant upon captive-bred birds for their sport.
British fans are exceptional, but the American fans are something else.
British fans love seeing the best players in the world.
British films are famous for glorifying angry young men.
British films are suddenly cool again.
British firms are active in water supply and wastewater treatment services in North Bohemia.
British firms are better at getting more out of their investments.
British firms are more likely to emphasise operational decentralising and downscoping.
British firms start with stronger marketing and managerial skills.
Some british firms become companies.
British flag is just a sticker that comes off.
British Flag Throw a fast sleeper .
British food is perfectly safe to eat.
British food is usually synonymous with torture.
British food remains safe to eat and the water supply is also unaffected.
British food remains safe to eat, and the water supply is also unaffected.
British football continues to grow in popularity.
British forces are defeated by American troops.
British forces are in poor shape, too, demoralized and in retreat.
British forces arrive in Greece.
British forces benefit from access to superb training facilities in Canada.
British forces confirm that they lost a Tornado today.
British forces crush rebellion.
British forces destroy Lewiston and neighboring towns.
British forces land in Norway.
British forces occupy Iceland.
British forces occupy New York City during the Revolutionary War.
British forces occupy Philadelphia, Pennsylvania during the American Revolutionary War.
British forces remain ready to react rapidly to crisis anywhere in the world.
British forts dot the hillsides.
British garrison go into laager.
British girls love the seashore.
Many British goldfinches go there, to, for only a minority of our breeding birds winter here.
British government announces spending cuts.
British government calls for worldwide ban on whale hunting.
British government needs to put in place the right framework and lead by example.
British government plans reform of sexual offences laws .
British guide suits the an-glophone budget traveller best.
British guide suits the anglophone budgettraveller best.
British guides contain a bit more culture and history, as a general rule.
British helicopters fill the sky.
Many British herbalists focus upon supporting the liver in migraine treatments.
British history is a particularly valuable medium for conveying comparative understandings.
British homes are now more likely to be burgled than American ones.
British hops lead to interesting flavors.
British hordes swamp the recruiting office.
British hospitals change sterilization procedures.
British hotels specialise in it through the ridiculous pricing of their rooms.
British humor is a lot like British dentistry.
British humor is sillier.
British immigration tends to be rather more strict than that of some other European countries.
British imprints are also very common.
British imprints are normally red.
British industry is a mixture of publicly and privately owned firms.
British industry needs to be ambitious in responding to the challenge of e-commerce.
British influence expands.
British influence is also evident in the place names.
British influences are everywhere, and English is widely spoken.
British influences dominate government, education and law.
British insects are the best cataloged insect group in the world.
British inspiration is a sight of relief at old-fashioned carelessness.
British interests go wider than commerce.
British investment is larger than most other foreign sources of capital.
British Irrigation Works in India's Krishna Basin.
British journalism is second to none in flair and verve.
British journalist seem to be appearing everywhere.
British journalists can sometimes enjoy laughing at the French resistance.
British journalists have a tremendous resentment of actors, which is perfectly understandable.
British justice is stacked against the victim.
British kaolins are much more reactive than American ones.
British kids spend as much on Ecstasy as the whole nation spends on tea and coffee.
British kittens are large and vigorous at birth.
All British ladies welcome.
British law assumes that immigrants and asylum-seekers are lawbreakers, scroungers and liars.
British law bars any company from operating more than one cellular phone business.
British law is still unclear on the issue.
British law prohibits the youths from being identified.
British laws place the burden of proof on defendants rather than plaintiffs.
British lawmakers reject claims that the move is a step on the road to cloning human beings.
British leaders take every opportunity to denote the importance of the transatlantic relationship.
British legislation prohibits unicycles using bridleways, but does allow bicycles.
British literature uses a vast, precise, vivid vocabulary.
Most British losses occur through falling down the mountain in flight.
British males are all nancy-boys.
British man joins natives and disappears.
British men are better flirts on the whole than American men.
British men work the longest hours in Europe - and professional women are catching up.
British manufacturers have a very healthy share of the pharmaceuticals market.
More British meat is to enter the food chain .
British media are rabidly anti-firearms.
British mediums talk about their spiritual work and readings.
British merchants acquire the right to trade with certain Spanish settlements.
More British metal finds.
British ministers have no experience of being separate leaders.
British mischief is seen everywhere.
British monarch Going upriver is harder.
British monarch loves queen, suffers mental illness.
Many British monarchs find it extremely heavy and difficult to wear.
British museums contain examples.
Most british museums contain examples.
British music is still a lot healthier than some.
British mussels are smaller than their Indian counterpart and can be left whole.
British mysteries do nothing to dispel the myth.
British nationals are entitle to consulate protection.
British nationals get six months.
British nationals visiting Ukraine require entry visas.
British newspapers are again unsure about whether they can publish the allegations.
British newspapers have the same research methods and uncannily similar findings.
British newspapers love to play with words.
British newspapers produce overseas versions, normally weekly versions, of their daily issues.
British nobility are just rich enough to have decent places in which to indulge.
British nobles get the royal shaft.
Many British oaks are hybrids of pedunculate and sessile strains.
British officers order the militia to disperse.
British officials are astounded at their team's performance.
British officials complain that the new measures are paper-thin.
British officials deny supplying the rebels.
British officials deny that the UK is leading opposition to recognising slavery as a crime.
British officials hold all the important positions.
British officials say there's no recent evidence of Libya being involved in terrorist acts.
British officials say they have turned the corner on the disease.
British officials say various options for a pause in the air strikes are being discussed.
British osmosis steals life moisture lost in a desert.
British owner has excellent low cost manufacturing facilities established in Czech Republic.
British painter Go to a previous date.
British pantomime offers something for everybody.
British papers carry paperback sized photos of Irving nearly every day.
British parliament enacts statute of Westminster , legalizing dominion equality with Britain.
British parliament enacts the Statute of Westminster , legalizing dominion equality with Britain.
British patients wait to get on waiting list.
British people are all proper and all drink tea at tea time.
British people are always famous for their conservative nature.
British people are brilliant at it.
British people are ethnic groups.
British people are generally unfamiliar with American university fraternities and sororities.
British people are mean.
British people are nations.
British people are of Latin, Viking, Germanic and French origin.
British people are very welcoming towards foreigners'.
British people are.
British people aspire to a socially, spiritually and environmentally cohesive future.
British people consider whiskey part of their national character.
British people know tennis very well.
British people spend more on chocolate than they do on meat.
More British people own a bicycle that ever before and cycling is growing in popularity.
Most British people can recognise where someone was brought up by their accent.
Most British people have cold toast.
Most British people seem to have completely forgotten about libraries as a leisure activity.
British petrol is the most expensive in Europe.
British physicists suspect that our planet's core is considerably hotter than previously assumed.
British pizza tastes weird.
British planes return to their carriers.
British police prevent an attempt by Islamist terrorists to blow up Transatlantic airliners.
British politicians rage against the abolition of daily parliamentary reports.
British pop is also really big.
British power grows.
British practice allows ministers to interfere in each other's affairs.
British practice puts the quotation marks inside the punctuation.
British practices are to a significant degree a product, then, of our discursive constructions.
British prefixes are acceptable for imported terriers.
British premiers are usually frauds when they philosophise.
British press gives much space to U.S. news.
British producers are all crooks.
British producers lose area a, but consumers gain area ab, raising overall welfare by area b.
British products sold abroad are simply too expensive.
British production is only for the military version .
British production is only for the military version.
British pubs are very cozy and homey, and they are famous for their beers, which are very strong.
British pubs offer a friendly atmosphere laced with history and tradition.
British pupils are far less inclined towards cheating.
British quads are movie posters issued in the UK, and are displayed horizontally.
British racehorses face a possible worldwide ban as a result of the foot and mouth crisis.
British rail offers discount passes for disabled travellers.
British reactors utilize an indigenous technology and design.
British reinforcements arrive in Boston.
British research is at a considerable disadvantage.
British researchers are on their way to South Georgia in the south Atlantic to study penguins.
British researchers draw conclusions.
British researchers draw similar conclusions.
British researchers recommend teenagers start working out regularly now to build up bone mass.
British researchers report unprecedented success in resprouting damaged nerves in rat brains.
British researchers say they have found a way of marking cervical cancer cells with a dye.
Most british researchers draw conclusions.
Most british researchers draw similar conclusions.
British reserve has nothing on Minnesota reserve.
British roads are smelly, noisy and dangerous, especially for pedestrians and cyclists.
British robins are largely resident.
British royalty seem to have forgotten how to be discreet.
British rule becomes harsh and oppressive.
British rule is declared over Palestine.
British rules reign on the roadways, so remember to drive on the left side of the road.
British sailing is now on the crest of a wave.
British scholars serve as invited classroom lecturers.
British schools are in fact bustling with a considerable degree of religious activity.
British schools can be pretty tough and nasty places.
British science has a proud record.
British scientists claim to have created what they believe is the world's first intelligent pebble.
British scientists claims to have isolated a language gene.
British scientists conduct an experiment in which a cat is fed a few drops of distilled tobacco oil.
British scientists report their discovery of a giant hole in the earth's ozone layer.
British scientists say they are excited by the potential offered by the discovery.
British scientists say they have uncovered the first conclusive evidence the earth is warming.
Some british scientists help ideas.
Some british scientists understand nutrition.
Most British settlers leave.
Some British shopkeepers are reluctant to surrender their lbs and oz for kg and mg.
British Shopping offers a variety of powerful advertising opportunities on our site.
British shows tend to have six-episode seasons.
British sites assigned to the 'Cromerian' Stage fall loosely into three groups.
British slang is funny.
Most British slugs eat rotting vegetation, but a few are carnivorous.
British soaps have working-class characters.
British societies have majorities.
British society places a lot of emphasis on protecting the rights of minors.
Most british societies have majorities.
British soldiers are soldiers.
British soldiers are very friendly, and up to a point they even liked their enemies.
British soldiers burn Buffalo, New York.
British soldiers pose.
British soldiers take arms.
British soldiers wait on the wharf with their weapons and gear after disembarking.
Most British soldiers know how to do it.
Most british soldiers take arms.
British speakers use a stress-patterned prosody.
British spelling is acceptable.
British spelling is preferred except in case of articles on American literature.
British spelling is used throughout.
British sponsors have a habit of short-termism.
British students hold the opinion that university only lasts three years.
British students leave university well-armed for one specific field.
British students specialize much earlier than their American counterparts.
British studios are crowded.
British studies link.
British study illuminates negative aspects of regular marijuana use.
British study says brain patients had psychiatric symptoms.
British study shows high risk of injury in professional soccer.
British style is ripe for rebranding.
British subs get rather limited treatment, and Japanese submarines are barely mentioned at all.
British submarine penetrates the Straits and sinks three Turkish ships.
British subsidies can prop up the weaker powers.
British summertime is perfect.
British supermarkets comb the world for organic produce.
British supplies run dangerously low.
British surveys agree.
British tabloids are British tabloids.
British tabloids are notorious for digging up the sleaziest news about every and anyone.
British tabloids call the disease ''meat-eating'' because it targets flesh and muscle tissue.
British Tanks enter the camp, freeing thousands of remaining emaciated prisoners.
British teachers have remarkably few sanctions at their disposal.
Some british teenagers are rushed to hospitals.
British television is full of prime-time shows on the history and biology of the countryside.
British television offers a broad range of programmes.
British tennis is in an abysmal state mainly because of the attitudes of most clubs towards juniors.
British theory emphasizes historicity in order to promote social change.
British titles are land-based.
British tourists are tourists.
British tourists come to get their hands on beautiful Lalique crystal at a third off the UK price.
British tourists go to Paris.
Many British tourists visit Yemen.
Some british tourists fall to death.
British traditions remain.
British trains run on the left, but German ones run on the right.
British travelers have very high expectations for hotels.
British trees rule.
British troops arrive in Greece.
British troops arrive in Saigon from Burma.
British troops blow a major railway bridge just as an armored train comes roaring down.
British troops break through German lines.
British troops enforce U.K. sovereignty in the Protestant-dominated districts of Northern Ireland.
British troops enter Belgium.
British troops evacuate Boston and fight most of the Revolutionary War further south.
British troops evacuate Boston.
British troops evacuate Savannah, Georgia.
British troops go ashore and take over the streets.
British troops help oust Italian occupation forces.
British troops knee deep in mud and water in a trench.
British troops land in Iceland.
British troops leave.
British troops occupy Boston.
British troops patrol the area to keep the sides apart.
British troops prepare for a gas attack with goggles and wet gauze.
British troops take over Rangoon, Burma.
British troops withdraw from Canal.
British TV gets it wrong, yet again .
British TV shows A jolly good site with oodles of info about tv shows from Blighty.
British union finds dwarfs in short supply.
British units have a movement allowance of seven.
All British units start at one step strength.
British Universities are all like greenwich.ac.uk, and NZ universities are like auckland.ac.nz.
British universities are fortunate to attract a high number of incoming Erasmus students.
British universities are notoriously narrow in their views of psychology.
British universities do, however, face additional problems to funding.
British universities have long vacations, so everyone leaves.
British universities place great emphasis on students' ability to undertake independent study.
All British universities have a wide range of facilities on campus.
Many British universities have their own panel of doctors available for students.
Most British universities advertise here.
Most British users are male, live in the south of England, and are of a high social grade.
British V Is.
British varieties are relatively free of hype.
British vessels arr.
British warships anchor out of range of the fort's cannon.
British ways are still evident and accepted in daily life.
British weather is changeable throughout the year.
British weather is justly famous.
Most British wine is white and produced from Germanic grape varieties.
British woman killed by own bomb Athens police investigate woman's links to local gangland chiefs.
British women are still overwhelmingly in love with their long-term partners.
British women have the right to equal pay for equal work in only one plant in their country.
British women struggle for the right to vote.
British wool tends to be used for coarse fabrics like carpets.
Most British wool is used for coarse fabrics such as carpets.
British worker dies from workplace pesticide accident.
British workers are free to form and join independent trade unions.
British workers work the longest hours in Europe.
British yachts are one of our strengths.
A britt is a young fish
Britt also employs a full-time CPA on staff.
Britt also is active in the community.
Britt arrives at the stance, racks up, and begins the next lead.
Britt brings a lot of trust, faith and especially humor to the team.
Britt characterizes the land-grant mission as seamless.
Britt currently lives in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Britt gives advice on how to stay beautiful.
Britt has a voice that is truly in the stratosphere.
Britt hopes to get a variety of students interested in helping to plan activities.
Britt is also well known as a talented painter.
Britt is an expert at web design, advertising and promotion.
Britt is charged with second degree arson and injury due to arson.
Britt is constantly unique.
Britt is here paying definite rootsical homage.
Britt is in-a bunch of tough guys that think they own the streets.
Britt is no stranger to the rigors of farm life.
Britt is their home away from the tracks.
Britt likes a challenge.
Britt meets a friendly singing cowboy on the trail.
Britt now keeps a very low profile and has basically retired from acting.
Britt owns the world's southernmost cyber coffeeshop on Stewart Island. . . .
Britt provides the specialist to the schools at no cost.
Britt says nothing educates America like television.
Britt stands alone.
Britt works in a family real estate business in Northeast Georgia.
Britts are good with children and make excellent watchdogs.
Some brittle branches create litter problems.
Some brittle branches create problems.
Some brittle bushes have flowers.
Brittle ferns have fronds.
Most brittle ferns have fronds.
Brittle maidenhair ferns have fronds.
A brittle star is an echinoderm
Brittle stars are animals.
Brittle stars are echinoderms.
Many brittle stars are more fragile than starfish , which is how they got their name .
Many brittle stars are more fragile than starfish, which is how they got their name.
Most brittle stars eat detritus and small animals they pick up from the bottom of the water.
Some brittle stars can also kill small animals.
A broach is a pin
Broach begins drifting.
Broaches are long cutting tools that have many series of teeth.
Most broaches have three series of teeth.
Broad areas are difficult to cover adequately.
A broad arrow is a mark
Broad arrows represent photon or photon remnants.
Broad attitudes subsume public concerns about specific family issues.
Broad audiences include women.
Broad avenues bear the names of states and run diagonally.
Broad averages conceal an increasing disparity between rich and poor school districts.
Broad band means a wide flat waive transmission so more data can be sent at once.
Broad bands tend to have higher resolution than narrow multiband sensors.
Broad bandwidth is needed for video.
Broad Bay is perfect for small to medium sized groups of play.
Broad beans are cooked in tomatoes sauce and eaten with bread.
Broad casts originate from dilated, chronically damaged tubules or the collecting ducts.
Broad casting requires less time and usually produces a denser stand.
Broad categories are crime, demography, education, and health.
Some broad changes being made include a new system to measure worker performance.
Broad claims are the most valuable.
Broad claims tend to be very weak.
Broad clients base with an emphasis on hedge fund clients.
Broad comedy begins the scene.
Broad conclusions draw from comparison.
Most broad conclusions draw from comparison.
Broad conductivity ranges.
Broad configurations excite a larger population of neurons than more restricted configurations.
Broad consensus exists on the performance-based model and review processes.
Broad coursework supports practical engineering skills, including comprehensive system design.
Broad coverage applies anywhere in the world.
Broad coverage ensures no single account has leverage in pricing transactions.
Broad coverage includes expense deductions, depreciation and employment taxes.
Broad coverage includes public and private, legal and military, etc.
Broad coverage introduces students to the real world of sport management at many different levels.
Broad coverage is especially important in car repair books in terms of both year and model.
Broad Creek is protected from threatening weather on all sides by the island itself.
Broad criteria brings many properties and slow load times.
Broad definitions are ineffective information filters.
Broad discretion is afforded trial courts during voir dire inquiry.
Broad discretion resides with the court to grant an extension after considering the circumstances.
Broad discussion can reveal overlooked risks such as identity theft, and clarify priorities.
Broad discussion is presented here.
Broad distribution has patterns.
Most broad distribution has patterns.
Broad diversification is still the best insurance against the risk of making an investment mistake.
Broad embargoes are simply unfair.
Broad emission features formed in the stellar wind.
Broad emphasis is placed on education and public awareness of health concerns.
Broad evaluation strengthens the peer review process.
Broad experience combined with timely action are the keys to the company's position of leadership.
Broad exposure is facilitated by listing with a national broker.
Broad fields require knowledge.
Most broad fields require knowledge.
Broad gesture remains, but it annihilates itself.
Broad goals are acceptance of addiction.
Broad guarantees are part of all loans.
Broad hallways run through the center from one end to the other on each floor.
Broad head is evident.
Broad hierarchies result in many pyramids at each tier, but remain manageable.
Broad hoofs act like snowshoes.
Broad humor is, however, the prevailing feature of the volumes.
Broad indicators suggest economic prosperity is closely tied to overall levels of education.
Broad lawns surround the building, and rows of flowers border the walkways and entrance drive.
Broad leaves absorb energy.
Broad leaves turn deep yellow in fall.
Broad leaves have large surfaces so they can gather a lot of sunlight.
Most broad leaves absorb energy.
Broad ligaments connect backs.
Most broad ligaments connect backs.
Broad line offers excellent quality, depth, and highly competitive pricing.
Broad lips are dominant over thin lips.
Broad mites appear to be trying to make a comeback on pepper in a few locations.
Broad mites are also susceptible to various miticides.
Broad mites are nearly transparent.
Broad mites are still around on pepper and eggplant in widely scattered locations.
Broad mites are still widely present on pepper in a number of locations across the area.
Broad mites can also infest vegetable bedding plants such as beans, peppers and tomatoes.
Broad mites can complete their life cycle from egg to adult in as little as one week's time.
Broad mites continue to increase and some fields are reaching low to moderate levels of infestation.
Broad mites inject a toxin from their saliva as they feed.
Broad notification is encouraged.
Some broad numbers reflect the scale of the national effort.
Broad oaks bend around with their moss.
Broad objectives lead to empty strategies - concentrate on focused and detailed objectives.
Broad outreach is the primary goal of the program now.
Broad oval are less than twice as long as they are wide.
Broad participation helps ensure that the committee has identified key problems.
Broad participation is achieved through the use of eight functional area subgroups.
Broad participation is cultivated early and often.
Broad participation is encouraged.
Broad participation is invited, and programs are open to alumni and non-alumni alike.
Broad participation is sought.
Broad participation needs to be encouraged.
Broad partnership demonstrates openness and consensus building forum.
Broad patterns seem to be emerging.
Broad pilasters support the barrel-domed ceilings of the cisterns.
Broad principles are subject to many applications.
Broad principles are very good and very useful.
Broad protection is beneficial at nearly any time.
Broad ranges reflect uncertainty.
Most broad ranges reflect uncertainty.
Broad representation is important.
Broad representation is the goal.
Broad requirements are more socially relevant, but narrow requirements are more verifiable.
Broad roof ensures a lot of shoulder and headroom.
Broad rules account for children's development, skill, and individual needs.
Broad scholarship is emphasized.
Broad scope has the appeal of inclusiveness.
Broad searches are useful when only bits of information are available.
Broad shoulders filling the hall, head just below the ceiling.
Broad snouts have fang teeth.
Broad snouts have teeth.
Most broad snouts have teeth.
Broad spectrum means a product that protects against intestinal worms, fleas and heartworm.
Broad staircases lead from one floor to the other, making the ascent easy and agreeable.
Broad standards are relative for drugs and medical devices.
Broad steps provide access and places to relax.
Some broad stripes extend from corners.
Some broad stripes run across eyes.
Some broad stripes run across yellow eyes.
Broad students are highly motivated individuals who learn from and with each other.
Broad study is a common theme throughout the Course Book.
Broad subjects covered are urban housing and revitalization.
Some broad tails provide propulsion.
Broad terminology is used for simplicity and ease of reading.
Broad themes appeal to broad markets.
Some broad themes emerge.
Broad tool is a hoof rasp.
Broad topics are hard to write about because too much information is available.
Broad topics make for superficial coverage, resulting in frustrated readers.
Broad topics produce overabundance of useless information.
Broad training is both a strength and a weakness of being a psychology major.
Broad transcription is good enough for many purposes.
Broad transcription See transcription .
Broad trends thrive on momentum, to which they often resort in keeping themselves going.
Broad valleys result where lateral cutting prevails over downcutting, often in lowland areas.
Broad variation is documented in most natural populations for all three floral characters.
Broad waterways offer plenty of maneuvering room for boating and water-skiing.
Broad windows look out over window boxes of red geraniums and flower beds.
Broad wings give a bird a good lift for slow flight or for rapid takeoff.
Broad wings have feathers.
Broad wings have grey feathers.
Broad wings have primary feathers.
Most broad wings have feathers.
Most broad wings have grey feathers.
Most broad wings have primary feathers.
A broad is a woman
Broads are women.
Broads hate that.
Broadband access allows for whip-fast downloads.
Broadband access continues to appeal to small and branch offices.
Broadband access ensures high speed access for many simultaneous users.
Broadband access exposes users to a variety of security and potential liability threats.
Broadband access has to have some sort of limit to curb abuse of the network.
Broadband access helps as well.
Broadband access impies higher connection speeds.
Broadband access is a key network feature to ensure new services get in the customer's door.
Broadband access is already a feature of the corporate workspace.
Broadband access is as important to our small businesses in Montana as water is to agribusiness.
Broadband access is as important to our small businesses in Montana as water is to agriculture.
Broadband access is big business.
Broadband access is definitely the wave of the future for Internet users.
Broadband access is deployed appropriately.
Broadband access is fast .
Broadband access is highly recommended.
Broadband access is indispensable to small and medium businesses in today's competitive climate.
Broadband access is one of the key drivers of home networking.
Broadband access is the way to go.
Broadband access is where the market is headed.
Broadband access offers an inherent localization effect.
Broadband amplifier integrated circuits are very useful for communication systems.
Broadband cable can carry greater amounts of information, faster than ordinary telephone cable.
Broadband cable operates as a carrier of television signals.
Broadband modems can request huge surges of transfer, well beyond the contracted amount.
Broadband modems use new technology and infrastructure.
Broadband networks are expensive to build.
Broadband networks require lots of power.
Broadband networks specialist to lead research and development of voice and data services.
Broadband offerings are further advanced on the continent.
Broadband wireless can support multiple voice and data lines.
Broadband wireless guarantees it.
Broadband wireless is cost effective.
Broadband wireless is inexpensive.
Broadband wireless is secure and reliable.
Broadband wireless is secure.
Broadband wireless is the next technological discontinuity to change the Internet infrastructure.
Broadband wireless is used to provide two-way voice, data, Internet, and video services.
Broadband wireless means many things to many people.
Broadbills use their wide, flat, colorful bills to snatch up large insects.
Broadcast affiliates are free to run programs from independent sources.
Broadcast design is similar.
Many broadcast engineers are also ham radio operators.
Broadcast journalism is an avenue for student interest.
Broadcast journalism requires working together as a team.
Some broadcast journalism is outstanding.
A broadcast journalist is a broadcaster
A broadcast journalist is a journalist
Broadcast journalists are a lot nicer people.
Broadcast licenses are extremely costly, and frequently force independent stations out of business.
A broadcast medium is a mass medium
Broadcast media are entirely state-controlled.
Broadcast media are even more closely controlled.
Broadcast media are government-owned and offer some pluralistic views.
Broadcast media are government-owned.
Broadcast media are largely state owned, and coverage favors the ruling party.
Broadcast media are mostly government-controlled.
Broadcast media are state controlled.
Broadcast media are state owned and favor the government.
Broadcast media distributes ideas to many minds instantly and simultaneously.
Broadcast media includes radio and television.
Broadcast media remain firmly under government control.
Broadcast mediums are mediums.
Some broadcast meteorologists begin careers.
Broadcast monitors provide important services as watchdogs for the broadcasting industry.
Broadcast networks are, at their cores, money machines.
Broadcast networks continue to stick it to charities.
Many broadcast networks are television-receive only.
Some broadcast networks are in a better position than others to weather a strike.
Broadcast news has higher credibility than print.
Broadcast packets go to all nodes on the network.
Broadcast programming offers dismal substitutes for hero myths and rites of passage.
Broadcast programming reveals a kind of tribal totem that guarantees entry into society.
Broadcast quality improves dramatically with a higher-speed Internet connection.
Broadcast rights are available for all products.
Broadcast rights are no longer available for the original version.
Broadcast satellites relay television programming directly to home subscribers.
All broadcast signals have two tracks for audio.
A broadcast station is a station
Broadcast stations are well equipped to perform any such service.
Broadcast stations utilize replays to show viewers a crash in greater detail.
Most broadcast stations are in business to make money.
Most broadcast stations give interns few real production opportunities.
Broadcast storms consume network bandwidth and can cause havoc on many machines.
Broadcast television enjoys a unique position in our society.
Broadcast television is an example of a wireless broadband analog network.
Broadcast television is in a holding pattern with only a few sizable deals likely.
Broadcast television is perhaps the best example.
Broadcast television keeps people at home, in their comfortable chair.
Broadcast towers are difficult for pilots to see.
Broadcast towers link to the long haul fiber network, either directly or by microwave.
Broadcast TV offers choice only through the variety of available channels.
A broadcast is a message
Broadcast allows quicker transmission rates.
Broadcast also carries audio of live horse racing and major sporting events.
Broadcast are from five to seven minutes.
Broadcast burning is generally a much better alternative.
Broadcast can easily play on next-generation interactive TV and wireless handheld devices.
Broadcast can include output from a software-based speech synthesizer.
Broadcast can provide high quality, turnkey production of live events and recorded programs.
Broadcast can provide.
Broadcast can reach a global audience at a lower cost than traditional media.
Broadcast can record pictures and sound coming from a TV card as many other programs, too.
Broadcast captioning is new and growing.
Broadcast collects information in several ways from different parts of our web site.
Broadcast contains a message indicating when the pages get updated.
Broadcast contrasts with unicast , in which a stream is sent to each client requesting it.
Broadcast describes the transmission of the streams to the client.
Broadcast does our streaming, so it is very dependable.
Broadcast faxes diligently.
Broadcast faxes to multiple recipients with one operation.
Broadcast faxing specialists guarantee lower fax rates.
Broadcast filtering Another consideration in designing an access point is broadcast filtering.
Broadcast follow the links from the home page.
Broadcast handles everything.
Broadcast has access to individuals' information.
Broadcast Help page for more information.
Broadcast is a good place to start listening to radio stations broadcasting via the Internet.
Broadcast is a hyper-efficient distribution mechanism.
Broadcast is a uniform application to an entire, specific area.
Broadcast is also available in other languages.
Broadcast is also on target.
Broadcast is also supported, so users can send to more than one e-mail system in one step.
Broadcast is available live and on demand.
Broadcast is more interesting when addressing identity, which the band does in a number of songs.
Broadcast is on all four frequencies simultaneously.
Broadcast is past and a waste of future investment.
Broadcast is the place to go.
Broadcast is the ultimate push metaphor.
Broadcast is transmission from one source to all destinations.
Broadcast isa entity.
Broadcast makes searching and accessing real-time audio and video stations on the Internet easy.
Broadcast manipulate their equipment to give the music the rangy pulse of jazz.
Broadcast means that the network throughput is limited to the media bandwidth.
Broadcast means to transmit data to everybody capable of receiving the signal.
Broadcast offers advertisers a rich media format in which to reach their consumers.
Broadcast offers audio and video content and services through a digital distribution network.
Broadcast offers rich audio and video content and services through a digital distribution network.
Broadcast plays the middleman.
Broadcast provides the web tools and services to create a virtual storefront.
Broadcast represents the best in the convergence of entertainment and new media.
Broadcast says yes.
Broadcast seeding a prairie is very similar to planting a lawn.
Broadcast seeding often results in more uneven stands and lower yields than drilling.
Broadcast send fax to one or more recipients.
Broadcast spraying of non-specific pesticides is a last resort.
Broadcast takes the advertisement and displays it to users meeting that criteria.
Broadcasts are all FFFFs at layer two and layer three.
Broadcasts are available also there either as sound or text.
Broadcasts are available in a variety of languages.
Broadcasts are available in Audioactive format.
Broadcasts are available in English and other languages.
Broadcasts are casts.
Broadcasts are daily.
Broadcasts are easy.
Broadcasts are great.
Broadcasts are in both English and French on two radio networks and one TV network.
Broadcasts are in the English language.
Broadcasts are messages.
Broadcasts are one or two pages in length and draw from leading thinkers, experts and coaches.
Broadcasts are shows.
Broadcasts are subject to change and lecturer's approval.
Broadcasts are the same as for TV courses.
Broadcasts are tongue-tied and stifling.
Broadcasts are weekdays.
Broadcasts begin after the orientation date.
Broadcasts can also occur as a result of faulty network interface cards and communication devices.
Broadcasts can be instantaneous or can be scheduled days, weeks, or months in advance.
Broadcasts can be video taped in the normal way for viewing later.
Broadcasts can unnecessarily burden the system resources and slow down data traffic.
Broadcasts continue today from Colorado and Kauai.
Broadcasts employing such techniques are contrary to the public interest.
Broadcasts feature all styles of electronic music.
Broadcasts Listen on-line to . . .
Broadcasts Listen to the radio or watch TV while working.
Broadcasts Listen to Wizards games live over the Internet.
Broadcasts live on the internet.
Broadcasts live on the Internet.
Broadcasts live using Realplayer.
Broadcasts originate from the distance learning classroom or the television studio.
Broadcasts originate in an interactive classroom, or from a fully-equipped television studio.
Broadcasts reply even if client can accept pseudo unicast.
Broadcasts share data of arbitrary length, assuming all participants know the source.
Broadcasts usually come from the largest city in the area.
All broadcasts approx.
All broadcasts are approximately one hour in length.
All broadcasts are in Kinyarwanda.
All broadcasts are the same day as the game unless noted otherwise.
Every broadcast is a vital curriculum resource for business schools.
Most broadcasts are standard definition.
Some broadcasts are relatively short, others go beyond news to include cultural programming.
Broadcasted information includes news, entertainment, education and advertising.
A broadcaster is a communicator
Broadcasters also can now own a cable system.
Broadcasters also have the option to add a high-definition waveform monitor.
Broadcasters also insist that they're on firm legal ground.
Broadcasters are a major presence in every congressional district in the country.
Broadcasters are also beneficiaries of the deregulatory provisions of the new statute.
Broadcasters are also well connected to Washington insiders .
Broadcasters are broadcastin' it.
Broadcasters are communicators.
Broadcasters are different from newspapers.
Broadcasters are experts at marketing and promotion.
Broadcasters are free to use any of the enclosed information with attribution.
Broadcasters are in a period of rapid change as it is.
Broadcasters are indeed no newcomers to market competition.
Broadcasters are justifiably concerned that the rules jeopardize the conversion to digital radio.
Broadcasters are mechanical devices.
Broadcasters are more desperate for dollars, which has cheapened the product.
Broadcasters are one of the driving forces of audiovisual production in Europe.
Broadcasters are unlikely to cede to the Internet quickly.
Broadcasters are valued by linear audience count, Internet values are exponential.
Broadcasters argue the new bandwidth is simply a loan.
Broadcasters become almost like family during the season and it can be hard to say goodbye.
Broadcasters can add passwords to their shows to restrict viewers that can watch the broadcast.
Broadcasters can also create different branded looks for displaying their content.
Broadcasters can be either independents, or local affiliates of a network.
Broadcasters can demand carriage of their channels or negotiate for compensation.
Broadcasters can either invest in digital or hope to swim, or give up and sink.
Broadcasters can exploit their own video content or syndicate it to other sites.
Broadcasters can really make a difference in their communities.
Broadcasters can reduce power.
Broadcasters constantly seek to optimize the coverage of their radio and television transmitters.
Broadcasters didn t like the idea of people watching television on their computers.
Broadcasters dislike both suggestions.
Broadcasters do through lost revenue.
Broadcasters don t own the airwaves.
Broadcasters evaluate what is pleasurable for the masses.
Broadcasters gain the benefits of wider coverage or lower power transmissions.
Broadcasters get the most national advertising.
Broadcasters get their money from advertisers.
Broadcasters get weekly experience in live reporting techniques.
Broadcasters give generously to political candidates.
Broadcasters hate the idea.
Broadcasters have a great tradition of voluntarily offering free time for debates.
Broadcasters have a responsibility to help better society as a whole.
Broadcasters have a vital interest in adopting digital techniques.
Broadcasters have no alternative but to show the games during prime time.
Broadcasters have no choice but to compete in the world of consolidation and integration.
Broadcasters have no choice in the matter.
Broadcasters have no choice.
Broadcasters have the right to authorize or prohibit the use of their broadcasts.
Broadcasters have their own regulatory body .
Broadcasters have time to mention only the bare essentials, and they sometimes get even that wrong.
Broadcasters have to change their business models.
Broadcasters have too much political power for that.
Broadcasters help safeguard freedom of speech and of the press.
Broadcasters hop on bandwagon to offer high-speed downloads of entertainment content.
Broadcasters hope so.
Broadcasters hurl stones.
Broadcasters insist that they have been doing their part to make the transition work.
Broadcasters insist the timetable is unrealistic.
Broadcasters insist they do an excellent job of serving their communities.
Broadcasters invoke the First Amendment to protect their profits.
Broadcasters know times are changing.
Broadcasters likewise enjoy the exclusive right to rebroadcast their broadcast signals.
Broadcasters live by the second hand.
Broadcasters make a pretty penny from our gift of free spectrum.
Broadcasters offer many commissioning strands.
Broadcasters oppose all changes.
Broadcasters oppose the chip, citing free-speech concerns.
Broadcasters oppose the rules, arguing that they inhibit speech.
Broadcasters own the original material.
Broadcasters participate as campaign contributors as well.
Broadcasters prefer a different kind of auction.
Broadcasters prefer to renarrate or sub-title themselves.
Broadcasters say requirement squelched debate on controversial issues.
Broadcasters say the rules are needed to protect small stations from extinction.
Broadcasters send their programs up to the satellite with a small X-band ground station.
Broadcasters sit outside in the stands rather than being pampered in an enclosed booth.
Broadcasters slam anti-media violence.
Broadcasters spend a large amount of money to televise the races.
Broadcasters spend millions of dollars annually to keep high quality sound on the air.
Broadcasters still have unmatched distribution into their local markets.
Broadcasters transmit the rating codes for each program.
Broadcasters understand the distinction well.
Broadcasters volunteer to be licensees.
Broadcasters wait for more radios to be sold before being sold on it.
Broadcasters work with many frequencies above and below that band.
Broadcasters work within a tight schedule that requires split-second timing.
Broadcasters often work for nothing more than credit and the hope of promotion.
All broadcasters operate in the overall economic climate of their region.
All broadcasters receive mail.
Many broadcasters care about serving the public.
Many broadcasters report increased revenues, lower sales.
Many broadcasters say the looser standards for sex and violence on cable are to blame.
Most broadcasters do a good job of serving the public interest.
Most broadcasters have a copy available to the public as do the main public libraries.
Most broadcasters have emergency power.
Most broadcasters like to capture something of the local flavour.
Most broadcasters start at a small station in a small city then work up to larger stations.
Some broadcasters adopt PC standard .
Some broadcasters also worry about competition.
Some broadcasters are hosts of call-in talk shows.
Some broadcasters feel that the V-chip and the ratings system violate the First Amendment.
Some broadcasters own fiber from the studio to the transmitter site.
Some broadcasters question the quality of the digital transmission standard.
Some broadcasters say the evidence is unsubstantial and inconclusive.
Broadcasting rights are a major source of revenue for the Olympic movement.
Broadcasting rights bring in big bucks.
Broadcasting rights vary from program to program.
Broadcasting stations are stations.
Broadcasting allows a client to send a data packet to the network and wait for numerous replies.
Broadcasting also needs people to create images and animation and work with digital video.
Broadcasting are albums.
Broadcasting are telecommunication.
Broadcasting are telecoms.
Broadcasting begins in Toronto two days later.
Broadcasting brings the two together.
Broadcasting can also needlessly slow the performance of client machines.
Broadcasting can also slow the performance of client machines needlessly.
Broadcasting can and does inform and assist in humanitarian crises.
Broadcasting can be enjoyable, very interesting at times, and even exciting.
Broadcasting can fully complement access to the Internet or can be deployed stand-alone.
Broadcasting can increase phosphorus loss due to fixation with iron or aluminum.
Broadcasting can look to to find an analogy in the development of motion pictures.
Broadcasting can use a lot of system resources.
Broadcasting can use up considerable bandwidth, depending on the hardware.
Broadcasting continues to be based on selling audiences to advertisers.
Broadcasting has weird hours and little money.
Broadcasting here is predominantly public series with some private involvement.
Broadcasting involves a host transmitting a packet to all attached hosts.
Broadcasting is a fairly expensive business.
Broadcasting is a fast-paced and dynamic industry that is continually changing.
Broadcasting is a heavily practical and professional course in how to make television programmes.
Broadcasting is a medium that is capable of delivering the facts of issues in real-time.
Broadcasting is a part of culture.
Broadcasting is a personal business.
Broadcasting is a popular and low-cost method for applying P fertilizers and manure.
Broadcasting is a profession.
Broadcasting is a public trust.
Broadcasting is a twentieth century industry, and television a post-war industry.
Broadcasting is a unique service.
Broadcasting is a very competitive field.
Broadcasting is a very demanding business.
Broadcasting is also more economical and less labor intensive than treating individual mounds.
Broadcasting is also the noise that comes out of each person's mouth.
Broadcasting is an experience that is more truly a shared experience.
Broadcasting is an important industry, an important part of America.
Broadcasting is an industry founded on high technology.
Broadcasting is another good example.
Broadcasting is considered libel because of the widespread dissemination of the defamation.
Broadcasting is currently far from being a free market.
Broadcasting is different from the reproduction of item copies.
Broadcasting is different.
Broadcasting is efficient and often the method of choice in areas with perennial plants.
Broadcasting is essential to our social, cultural and political personality.
Broadcasting is far from being a free market.
Broadcasting is generally inadvisable except in dire circumstances.
Broadcasting is however a different story.
Broadcasting is important to the staff at Burk.
Broadcasting is more than just radio and television.
Broadcasting is often the least successful seeding method.
Broadcasting is okay.
Broadcasting is only one reason for the popularity.
Broadcasting is our specialty.
Broadcasting is pervasive.
Broadcasting is probably the most common method of application, however.
Broadcasting is protected by the First Amendment.
Broadcasting is specific to each interface and local subnet address.
Broadcasting is still as compelling as ever.
Broadcasting is still the most powerful cultural medium in our society.
Broadcasting is supposed to benefit communities.
Broadcasting is the most well known use of radio.
Broadcasting is the national broadcaster.
Broadcasting is to democracy what yeast is to bread.
Broadcasting is unusual even in the field of communications.
Broadcasting keeps expanding and fragmenting.
Broadcasting means propagation of information from one source to all potential recipients.
Broadcasting offers preparation for reaching vast audiences through electronic media.
Broadcasting plays a critical role in our society.
Broadcasting requires antennas.
Broadcasting reserve the right to change the end date of the contest without notice.
Broadcasting runs automatically at night.
Broadcasting seems an unlikely option for the future.
Broadcasting targets national audiences in the millions.
Some broadcasting occurs on the national television, and a lot on local television.
Broadened outlooks come with age and experience.
Broadened participation can be an irreplaceable source of insight and creativity.
Broadening participation is essential for social development and for good governance.
Broader access means greater convenience, higher use, and increased user satisfaction.
Broader applications are implicit.
Broader assessment allows for comparison of perceptions between and among groups.
Broader assessment allows for comparison of perceptionsbetween and among groups.
Broader categories are a better management tool and give better opportunities to employees.
Broader conduct is reportable and actionable under the new definitions.
Broader definitions link to the meaning of home literature.
Broader filters can catch more spam, but they begin to catch nonspam as well.
Broader goals have to be served via narrower goals.
Broader immunotherapy is required and constant vigilence.
Broader interests are in databases and artificial intelligence.
Broader interests lie in Cognition and philosophy of science.
Broader participation is needed.
Broader participation means better development and use of animal genetic resources.
Broader questions force themselves in beforehand.
Broader reforms are necessary to achieve effective participation by villagers.
Broader rules are more likely to be impartial as to how they affect specific parties.
Broader samples tend to lower results.
Broader statistics are more likely to offered for free, as part of press releases and news stories.
Broader topics come first and are followed by books on more specialised aspects of the subject.
Broadgreen ward is on the eastern outskirts of Liverpool.
Broadleaf cattail can be highly productive.
Broadleaf cattail is a prolific producer of minute seeds.
Broadleaf cattail is an erect, rhizomatous, semi aquatic or aquatic, perennial herb.
Broadleaf cattail is common in the next stage.
Broadleaf cattail is extremely important to common muskrats.
Broadleaf cattail is highly productive through clonal growth.
Broadleaf cattail provides an excellent hut building material for muskrat.
Broadleaf evergreens can serve the landscape in many ways.
Most broadleaf evergreens require a limited amount of pruning.
Broadleaf forests have trees with flat wide leaves with veins, saplings and leaf litter.
Broadleaf plantain can be mechanically or physically removed.
Broadleaf plantain has a thick tap root that grows deep into the soil.
Broadleaf plantain is a common broadleaf weed in lawns.
Broadleaf plantain is a shallow mostly fibrous rooted perennial.
Broadleaf plantain is found throughout all of the United States.
Broadleaf plantain is packed with nutrients and is safe to ingest.
Broadleaf plantain spreads by both seed and shoots from the roots.
Broadleaf trees are the most numerous and varied.
Broadleaf trees are trees with leaves that are shed annually.
Broadleaf trees bear many different kinds of fruit.
Broadleaf trees have flowers that develop fruit.
Broadleaf trees have large, flat leaves as opposed to the thin needles of the conifers.
Broadleaf trees have thin, flat leaves that are usually lost in the fall.
Broadleaf trees tend to be nutrient-demanding and their leaves bind the major nutrient bases.
Broadleaf weeds are a. monocots.
Broadleaf weeds are easy to control with spot spraying.
Broadleaf weeds are much more competitive than are grasses.
Broadleaf weeds can become a problem.
Broadleaf weeds compete effectively with corn for nutrients.
Most broadleaf weeds are prolific seed producers.
Most broadleaf weeds have netlike veins in their leaves and nodes containing one or more leaves.
Some broadleaf weeds have large square seed leaves.
Broadleaved trees can tolerate a few years of defoliation with no long term damage.
Broadline distributors are vendors.
A broadsheet is an advertising
Broadsheets also have more space to play with.
Broadside art faces the right.
Broadside prices are as follows.
A broadside is an advertising
Broadsides are useful up to a point, but they remain abstract and generalized.
Brocade is cloth
Brocades make good dress turbans for evening and formal afternoon wear.
Broccoli burgers are another take on the veggie burger.
Broccoli florets are also fantastic in stir-fries.
Broccoli florets are great finger food for babies, but can be messy.
Broccoli harvest is almost complete with slightly below average yields.
Broccoli heads produce ethylene, turn yellow and become unsalable at higher temperatures.
Broccoli leaves have petioles.
Broccoli leaves have a higher vitamin A value than the flower buds or stalks.
Broccoli leaves have petioles elongated limbs with leaves lobed gray-green, very wavy deep lobes.
Most broccoli leaves have petioles.
Broccoli plants are also a source of high fibre and phytochemicals.
Broccoli plants belong to the same family of plants as cabbage, cauliflower and brussels sprouts.
Broccoli plants grow from seeds.
Broccoli plants have roots.
Broccoli plants have shallow roots.
Broccoli plants have very shallow roots.
Broccoli plants produce a large central head comprised of tightly bound buds.
Broccoli plants produce buds.
Broccoli plants produce shoots.
Broccoli plants produce single central flower stalks.
Broccoli plants reach height.
Most broccoli plants grow from seeds.
Most broccoli plants have roots.
Most broccoli plants have shallow roots.
Most broccoli plants produce buds.
Most broccoli plants produce shoots.
Most broccoli plants reach height.
Some broccoli plants grow in cool weather.
Some broccoli plants grow in weather.
Broccoli seeds take one to two weeks to germinate.
Broccoli seedlings grow a solid thick stem with very large, leathery leaves.
Broccoli slaw is a mixture of shredded broccoli stems, cauliflower stems, red cabbage and carrots.
Broccoli sprouts are particularly rich in the substances that convert into sulphoraphane.
Broccoli sprouts are the in anti-cancer items at the moment.
Broccoli sprouts have tiny root hairs that look like mold.
Broccoli sprouts look and taste something like alfalfa sprouts, according to the researchers.
Broccoli sprouts look like alfalfa sprouts but are toxin-free.
Broccoli stems are delicious and nutritious.
Broccoli treatment helps tone the bladder, thereby helping to relieve straining pains.
A broccoli is a cruciferous vegetable
Broccoli arrives bright green and crisp tender.
Broccoli contains a cancer-preventing compound that is very bitter.
Broccoli contains large amounts of vitamin C and beta carotene which are important antioxidants.
Broccoli contains lutein, which is important for eye health.
Broccoli grows best in areas with a cool climate and moist soil.
Broccoli grows best in moderate to cool climates.
Broccoli grows during the cool weather in spring and fall.
Broccoli helps fight depression.
Broccoli helps fight vision loss and repair skin damage.
Broccoli helps lower bladder cancer risk.
Broccoli helps prevent cancer.
Broccoli helps prevent stomach and colon cancer, as do other members of the cruciferous family.
Broccoli improves digestion.
Broccoli improves immunity.
Broccoli isa herb.
Broccolis are companies.
Broccolis are cruciferous vegetables.
Broccolis are crucifers.
Broccolis are green vegetables.
Broccolis are green.
Broccolis are located in plates.
Broccolis are part of broccolis.
Broccolis contain additional nutrients.
Broccolis contain calcium.
Broccolis contain compounds.
Broccolis contain minerals.
Broccolis contain nutrients.
Broccolis contain vitamin minerals.
Broccolis contain water.
Broccolis grow from seeds.
Broccolis grow in summer.
Broccolis have (part) cell membranes.
Broccolis have (part) cells.
Broccolis have (part) corpi.
Broccolis have (part) cytoplasm.
Broccolis have (part) nuclei.
Broccolis have (part) plasma membranes.
Broccolis have (part) sections.
Broccolis have (part) vacuoles.
Broccolis have elements.
Broccolis have many nutrients.
Broccolis have nutrients.
Broccolis have properties.
Broccolis have roots.
Broccolis have taste.
Broccolis help deficiencies.
Broccolis help prevent cancer.
Broccolis help prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Broccolis help prevent diseases.
Broccolis help vitamin d deficiencies.
Broccolis improve digestion.
Broccolis improve immunity.
Broccolis need nutrients.
Broccolis provide fiber.
All broccolis are heavy feeders.
Most broccolis contain additional nutrients.
Most broccolis contain calcium.
Most broccolis contain compounds.
Most broccolis contain minerals.
Most broccolis contain nutrients.
Most broccolis contain vitamin minerals.
Most broccolis contain water.
Most broccolis grow from seeds.
Most broccolis grow in summer.
Most broccolis have elements.
Most broccolis have many nutrients.
Most broccolis have nutrients.
Most broccolis have properties.
Most broccolis have roots.
Most broccolis help prevent cancer.
Most broccolis help prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Most broccolis help prevent diseases.
Most broccolis help vitamin d deficiencies.
Most broccolis improve digestion.
Most broccolis improve immunity.
Most broccolis provide fiber.
Some broccolis belong to families.
Some broccolis contain proteins.
Some broccolis contain substances.
Some broccolis enhance ability.
Some broccolis ensure presence.
Some broccolis grow in cool weather.
Some broccolis grow in weather.
Some broccolis grow tips.
Some broccolis have cholesterol.
Some broccolis have green leaves.
Some broccolis have impact.
Some broccolis have leaves.
Some broccolis have positive impact.
Some broccolis have tricks.
Some broccolis help cancer.
Some broccolis help depressions.
Some broccolis offer protection.
Some broccolis produce crops.
Some broccolis produce results.
Some broccolis produce shoots.
Some broccolis rely on pollination.
Some broccolis survive frost.
Some broccolis survive hard frost.
Brochure details are on web site.
All brochure orders are free of charge.
Brochure outlines causes, diagnosis, and treatments of gallstones.
Brochure photos show professionals in business attire.
Brochure prices quoted include the cost of printing, shipping, and handling.
Brochure printing is also a wildcard.
Brochure quantities are limited.
Brochure rates are like the sticker price of a car - only a figure upon which to base discounts.
Brochure rates are the peak prices the line hopes to collect.
Brochure Request Get free information on the latest designs for conservatories.
Brochure request is currently only available for U.S. residents.
Brochure sites are relevant and can save printing, posting and administration costs.
Brochure sites can be inexpensive and require very little lawyer time.
Brochure style fold out.
A brochure is a book
Brochure accompanies exhibition.
Brochure also includes information on how a ball screw operates and what causes damage and wear.
Brochure are now available on-line.
Brochure contains inter-Mennonite statement on peace, recommended to churches for study.
Brochure contains no editing errors .
Brochure covers commitment to safe production, use and handling of chlorine.
Brochure covers the do's and don'ts of rock hounding.
Brochure describes adult day health and social day care center for seniors.
Brochure describes closed circuit television reading systems.
Brochure describes low vision services and library and information services.
Brochure describes portable electronic magnifier that connects to conventional television set.
Brochure describes reading machines, talking maps and orientation tools.
Brochure describes services available in Greater Lowell and Merrimack Valley.
Brochure describes study.
Brochure describes the physical size, capacity and con struction facts about Limestone.
Brochure discusses the pros and cons of various treatment options.
Brochure emphasizes ecological principles.
Brochure explains what it is, who gets it, and how it is diagnosed and treated.
Brochure focuses on prevention and early detection.
Brochure formats Several folded formats.
Brochure gives a complete overview of the whole program.
Brochure has order taker attached.
Brochure Help the brochure chair organize, layout and edit the quarterly brochure.
Brochure includes a variety of events but significance of some events is missing.
Brochure includes base cooking with bonus beef recipes.
Brochure includes deck plans, route maps, etc.
Brochure includes engineering data and application examples.
Brochure includes engineering data, charts, and diagrams as well as numerous application examples.
Brochure includes golf package pricing.
Brochure includes ordering instructions and prices.
Brochure includes some topic sentences and is somewhat sequential.
Brochure includes tips for towns and cities seeking to improve their urban forests.
Brochure introduces parishioners to the ministry.
Brochure is a full-color trifold mailer.
Brochure is at the printers.
Brochure is available at the chamber.
Brochure is available at the trailhead.
Brochure is available for down load.
Brochure is available upon request.
Brochure is available.
Brochure is easily readable and understandable.
Brochure is easy to read and understandable.
Brochure is enclosed.
Brochure is in revision.
Brochure is incomplete.
Brochure is now available for download in .pdf format.
Brochure is now available.
Brochure is online.
Brochure is our biggest and best yet.
Brochure is provided at no cost to businesses, organizations and individuals upon request.
Brochure is sloppy and hard to read and understand.
Brochure is understandable, but lacks the appropriate wording.
Brochure lacks appeal.
Brochure lacks complete explanations of importance of each place to movement.
Brochure lists other rewards including car rentals, hotels, and other partners.
Brochure lists reservations and hours.
Brochure needs little or no editing or revision.
Brochure normally arrives within a few minutes, depending on Internet traffic.
Brochure opens in new window. .
Brochure opens in new window.
Brochure prints out clearly.
Brochure provides background on the issue .
Brochure provides concise, basic information about mission service specifically for youth.
Brochure provides estate planning information.
Brochure see our company brochure.
Brochure serves as vehicle for fund-raising.
Brochures address specific subject areas and grade level objectives.
Brochures advise one to wear bright clothing, speak in whispers and to stand very still.
Brochures are a less reliable information source as they are essentially a marketing tool.
Brochures are a little different.
Brochures are a perennial favorite.
Brochures are also available at all library locations.
Brochures are also available at church.
Brochures are also available at local Christian bookstores.
Brochures are also available at the church.
Brochures are also available at various locations near computer labs.
Brochures are also available in the back of the church.
Brochures are also available in the lobby.
Brochures are also available in the office.
Brochures are also available on a variety of topics concerning crime prevention.
Brochures are also available on all of our programs.
Brochures are also available on lodging choices, events and points of interest.
Brochures are also available on lodging, major cities and regions.
Brochures are also available on our company.
Brochures are also available on request.
Brochures are also available on special-interest tours, nature walks and events.
Brochures are also available upon request.
Brochures are also available via fax.
Brochures are also available.
Brochures are also cheap to make and easier to make in quantity.
Brochures are available along with interpretive displays in the buildings.
Brochures are available approximately one month prior to the workshop.
Brochures are available at all times at two locations.
Brochures are available at any PECG office.
Brochures are available at both locations.
Brochures are available at each of the museums - each location offers the answer to one question.
Brochures are available at each pool.
Brochures are available at information centers.
Brochures are available at the airport that outlines local places of interest.
Brochures are available at the boat house.
Brochures are available at the front desk.
Brochures are available at the hospital.
Brochures are available at the information and children s desk.
Brochures are available at the information center near the campus entrance.
Brochures are available at the liquor store.
Brochures are available at the office.
Brochures are available at the park and trail entrance.
Brochures are available at the park office or the trailhead.
Brochures are available at the park office or trailhead.
Brochures are available at the special events table.
Brochures are available at the trail head.
Brochures are available at the trail sign.
Brochures are available at the trailhead.
Brochures are available at the visitor center or main office.
Brochures are available at the welcome center.
Brochures are available at trail heads and park offices.
Brochures are available by mail if requested.
Brochures are available by mail.
Brochures are available describing both versions and giving information on searching, printing, etc.
Brochures are available describing current and future programs.
Brochures are available describing each of the wilderness areas.
Brochures are available describing the range of noncredit programs.
Brochures are available detailing protocols developed for use with the following systems.
Brochures are available for agencies and others.
Brochures are available for all developments.
Brochures are available for both areas.
Brochures are available for certain parks.
Brochures are available for each hike.
Brochures are available for each trail.
Brochures are available free of charge and are recommended for travellers to the battlefields.
Brochures are available free to any family or physician.
Brochures are available from college centres and local libraries.
Brochures are available from each company.
Brochures are available from forest offices and interpretive outlets.
Brochures are available from staff members.
Brochures are available from the church secretary .
Brochures are available from the office.
Brochures are available from the various provincial tourism offices .
Brochures are available in alternative formats.
Brochures are available in bulk quantities.
Brochures are available in bulk to the medical community.
Brochures are available in each building.
Brochures are available in each clinic explaining the details of advance directives.
Brochures are available in each unit.
Brochures are available in English and in Spanish, when available.
Brochures are available in English and Spanish.
Brochures are available in English, French, German and Spanish.
Brochures are available in English, Japanese, Russian, Italian, Spanish, French and German.
Brochures are available in libraries and university offices.
Brochures are available in many spots throughout the church.
Brochures are available in simplified language.
Brochures are available in the back of the church.
Brochures are available in the church office with workshop and registration information.
Brochures are available in the church office.
Brochures are available in the church with additional information and an application form.
Brochures are available in the guidance office.
Brochures are available in the hallways around the church.
Brochures are available in the health centers.
Brochures are available in the lobby.
Brochures are available in the mailroom.
Brochures are available in the narthex and the church office.
Brochures are available in the narthex and the parish office.
Brochures are available in the narthex or from the parish office.
Brochures are available in the narthex which give complete instructions.
Brochures are available in the office.
Brochures are available in the parish hall.
Brochures are available in the parish office.
Brochures are available in the rack in the front foyer.
Brochures are available in the reception area.
Brochures are available in the school offices.
Brochures are available in the Spring.
Brochures are available in the tower or the church office.
Brochures are available in the Tower.
Brochures are available in the trail register box.
Brochures are available in the visitor centers of the park.
Brochures are available now.
Brochures are available on a variety of subjects.
Brochures are available on a wide array of health topics.
Brochures are available on a wide range of topics.
Brochures are available on all programs.
Brochures are available on animal control laws and others services.
Brochures are available on each of the firm's practice groups and on the firm.
Brochures are available on many types of planned gifts.
Brochures are available on request from the graduate field office.
Brochures are available on request.
Brochures are available on the information table.
Brochures are available on the information tables.
Brochures are available on the literature table.
Brochures are available on the narthex table.
Brochures are available on the sanctuary heaters.
Brochures are available on the table in the narthex.
Brochures are available online or in the literature rack outside the youth room.
Brochures are available or feel free to drop by for a test paddle.
Brochures are available outside the office.
Brochures are available that describe basic symptoms, diagnoses and treatments.
Brochures are available that give all the details.
Brochures are available that provide specific, detailed information about each program.
Brochures are available through the Charlotte admissions office.
Brochures are available through the NY office.
Brochures are available through travel agencies.
Brochures are available to assist in auto-tour routes.
Brochures are available to assist in submitting the application via the internet.
Brochures are available to church members also.
Brochures are available to distribute at any major volkssport event.
Brochures are available to enable a self-guided tour of the campus.
Brochures are available to guide new users around the collections.
Brochures are available to share with friends and family.
Brochures are available to the public at the art department.
Brochures are available two months prior to the meetings.
Brochures are available upon request.
Brochures are available upon written request.
Brochures are available which describe the films and list their sale prices.
Brochures are available which explain each technique in more detail.
Brochures are available with more information and registration material.
Brochures are available.
Brochures are books.
Brochures are by the youth board in the fellowship hall.
Brochures are currently available in the main office.
Brochures are expensive.
Brochures are fast and easy to make.
Brochures are flexible.
Brochures are FREE and there is an order taker sheet with every brochure.
Brochures are free of charge and are available for all programmes now.
Brochures are free on request.
Brochures are free while supplies last.
Brochures are good for comparison shopping when comparing hotels, cruise lines or ship categories.
Brochures are helpful, but ask to see more.
Brochures are in the church office.
Brochures are in the foyer.
Brochures are in the lobby.
Brochures are in the narthex.
Brochures are in the Narthexes.
Brochures are in the office.
Brochures are in the old social hall.
Brochures are in the schools now.
Brochures are in the trail register box.
Brochures are located in mail boxs.
Brochures are now available in the lower level.
Brochures are now available.
Brochures are often available upon request.
Brochures are on display in the parish.
Brochures are on the back table.
Brochures are on the lit.
Brochures are on the literature table.
Brochures are on the way to member bands and previous students.
Brochures are on the way.
Brochures are on top of the shelves.
Brochures are ready about five months before the meetings begin.
Brochures are ready about one month in advance, programmes can be mailed or faxed.
Brochures are sometimes very lyrical about the idyllic lifestyle associated with hydroponics.
Brochures are the auction information, asset listings and pictures.
Brochures are usually available at vets and pet shops.
Brochures are usually more costly to produce than ads.
Brochures are very deceptive.
Brochures assessing day care and early childhood programs are also available.
Brochures Call or write to receive copies of our brochures.
Brochures can be an effective form of advertising.
Brochures can be valuable tools, but only when created well and used properly.
Brochures Click on the manufacturer to receive brochure information.
Brochures contain detailed information on each featured trip, included trip dates and prices.
Brochures contain table of contents, page count, price, as well as chart and table information.
Brochures containing additional information about the program are also available at that time.
Brochures containing information about home occupations are also available upon request.
Brochures containing investment information are available from the division upon request.
Brochures cost money.
Brochures describe and promote sustainable forestry, stewardship planning, and hardwood utilization.
Brochures describe local attractions, shopping, entertainment, dining, and lodging.
Brochures describe math-based careers, including computer science.
Brochures describe services in detail and offer tips for riding.
Brochures describe the backgrounds of the other gorgeous furnishings.
Brochures describe the services provided by other departments of the agency.
Brochures describing features along the trail are available at the entrance station.
Brochures describing house plans are available upon request.
Brochures describing individual courses are also available.
Brochures describing the functions of elected county offices and NDACo programs are available.
Brochures describing the plan are available upon request.
Brochures describing the program in detail are available from the department.
Brochures describing the tour are available in the narthex.
Brochures describing the webTeacher program are available in the back of the room.
Brochures designed to help consumers select a planner are also available through the number.
Brochures detailing a self-guiding walking tour of the area are available.
Brochures detailing all the programs are available at the community center.
Brochures detailing Dallas' historic town square are available.
Brochures detailing dates, activities, and costs are available in early spring.
Brochures detailing dates, procedures and financial aspects are available from the department.
Brochures detailing options are available.
Brochures detailing the company's offer are available in every office.
Brochures detailing the current offerings are available from the Recreation department.
Brochures detailing the locations of each site along the tour are also available.
Brochures detailing upcoming programs are available at the branches.
Brochures disdain the usual dense text of legal publications.
Brochures displaying the number are available free of charge.
Brochures Educate others on the effects of abortion.
Brochures explaining the conditions of the escort are available at the police station.
Brochures focus on helping a child to learn math, reading, history, and science.
Brochures has hundreds of pages of helpful consumer information.
Brochures have a high market penetration but low credibility.
Brochures inform and persuade long after the initial personal meeting between two people.
Brochures listing dates and program themes are available at the library desk.
Brochures listing menus and prices are available from the Catering Coordinator.
Brochures listing the complete series are available in brochure racks around the building.
Brochures make a bigger impression.
Brochures outlining all programs are available by calling the scheduling office.
Brochures promote the services available to help students conduct efficient research.
Brochures provide further public information.
Brochures sur demande.
Brochures Take a look at the brochure itself.
Brochures tend to focus on one type of product such as safety or t-shirts.
Brochures vary in size and shape, and can be folded numerous ways.
Brochures Visit our advertisers through their on-line brochures.
Brochures often become stale in a short period of time.
All brochures are available as a black and white set.
All brochures are available in larger quantities.
All brochures are free of charge.
All brochures are free, including postage and handling.
All brochures are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All brochures are in english.
All brochures listed below are also available here on our website.
All brochures produced by the park are available in large print.
Every brochure is in color and has an order taker on the back.
Many brochures are also available.
Many brochures are available in both Spanish and English.
Many brochures are available to be immediately downloaded or printed.
Many brochures have links to specific academic departments within the schools.
Many brochures list the type of bed for each cabin shown.
Most brochures are available free of charge.
Most brochures are in English, French and Arabic.
Most brochures end up in the wastebasket without ever being read.
Most brochures listed here are free and available in multiple copies for classroom use.
Most brochures show couples walking along the beach hand in hand.
Most brochures talk about the beauty of Indonesia.
Some brochures are also available online.
Some brochures are also available to download as listed below.
Some brochures are available in community languages.
Some brochures are in Spanish.
Brocket deer inhabit grassland.
Brocket deer inhabit regions.
Brocket deer select sites.
Brocket isa deer.
Brockets are well-adapted to rainforest life.
Brockets have (part) antlers.
Brockets have (part) brains.
Brockets have (part) breasts.
Brockets have (part) cannon bones.
Brockets have (part) cell membranes.
Brockets have (part) cells.
Brockets have (part) chest cavities.
Brockets have (part) chests.
Brockets have (part) corpi.
Brockets have (part) cytoplasm.
Brockets have (part) ears.
Brockets have (part) faces.
Brockets have (part) heads.
Brockets have (part) hip sockets.
Brockets have (part) hoofs.
Brockets have (part) nuclei.
Brockets have (part) piluses.
Brockets have (part) plasma membranes.
Brockets have (part) rib cages.
Brockets have (part) second stomachs.
Brockets have (part) sections.
Brockets have (part) skulls.
Brockets have (part) sterna.
Brockets have (part) vacuoles.
Brockets have antlers.
Most brockets have antlers.
Some brockets are classified as habitat specialists.
Some brockets are classified as specialists.
Some brockets have areas.
Some brockets have habits.
Some brockets have land areas.
Some brockets have spots.
Some brockets have whitish spots.
A broil is a cooking
Broil fish on one side only.
Broil serve right from the oven.
Broil tenderloin to desired degree of doneness.
Broils are cooking.
Broiled bison is an option.
Broiled food can go from brown to burned in just a few seconds.
Broiled meats cook faster, saving energy.
Broiled tomatoes are a great accompaniment to meats.
Broiler chickens are fatter than layer-type chickens.
Broiler chickens are reared to provide chicken meat.
Broiler chickens Buy day-old broiler chickens of mixed sex.
Broiler litter can be a cost-effective source of supplemental protein.
Broiler litter can serve as a feed ingredient for beef cattle.
Broiler litter fed to cattle is usually mixed with a more palatable feed such as corn.
Broiler litter has many potential uses including fertilizing crops and cow feed.
Broiler litter has several advantages when applied to growing crops.
Broiler litter helps increase organic matter content of soils.
Broiler litter improves soil fertility.
Broiler litter is a mixture of manure and the animal bedding.
Broiler litter is also very bulky and contains varying amounts of moisture.
Broiler litter is another possibility if it's available.
Broiler litter is most valuable immediately after it is removed from the house.
Broiler litter is used there to fertilize pines.
A broiler is an oven
Broilers also develop leg problems because of the inhumane breeding to maximise meat production.
Broilers are born to die, they stress so easily.
Broilers are chickens reared specifically for consumption, as distinct from egg-laying hens.
Broilers are chickens.
Broilers are inexpensive, short-term projects.
Broilers are larger than fryers.
Broilers are ovens.
Broilers are the largest agricultural industry in Delaware.
Broilers are usually high-heat components employed to cook meats.
Broilers are young, tender laying hens that have lost their usefulness as egg layers.
Broilers cook by radiant heat.
Broilers fit well in outdoor cookery, a popular leisure time family activity.
Broilers have lots of meat, layers produce lots of eggs.
Broilers have the best feed conversion ratio of any domesticated land-based animal.
Broilers perform well when only enough light is available to find feed and water.
Broilers often develop leg problems from being bred to grow too heavy too fast.
Many broilers suffer from painful breast blisters, ulcerated feet and hock burns.
Most broilers are dominant white, but a few lines are recessive white.
Broiling are cooking.
Broke men are usually so mad at their situation, they take it out on everyone else.
Broke men suck.
Broken agreements result in anger, disappointment, resentment, and retaliation.
Broken anchors are really a special type of broken link.
Broken antlers occur after the antler has stopped growing and is hard.
Broken arrow is the military term for an accident that involves a nuclear weapon.
Broken arrows indicate inhibitory connections.
Broken arrows indicate interactions that are less definitively established.
Broken axles are also common.
Broken backs are very difficult to manage.
Broken bars indicate a period of exile.
Broken bats represent a hazard to players and an expense to teams.
Broken bean means less than half a bean.
Broken belts are the most common problem while traveling by car.
Broken biscuits have no calories.
Broken blisters can t do it.
Broken blisters leave scratch marks and thickened skin, crisscrossed by grooves and scaling.
Broken blisters leave scratch marks.
Broken blocks make more credits available.
Broken bones are a common childhood injury.
Broken bones are emergencies if a femur, rib, pelvis, cranium or vertebrae breaks.
Broken bones are far worse.
Broken bones are found with x-rays, which are also a product of physics.
Broken bones are injuries.
Broken bones are no fun.
Broken bones are the best.
Broken bones are the most common problem for people with osteoporosis.
Broken bones are the normal reward for a rescue team.
Broken bones are usually a job for a vet.
Broken bones Call for emergency medical help immediately.
Broken bones can also be very painful.
Broken bones can cause infections in birds, so proper treatment is essential.
Broken bones cause a desire to knits.
Broken bones have several characteristics.
Broken bones heal.
Broken bones mend and become strong once again.
Broken bones mend.
Broken bones require splinting, casting, or surgery to stabilize the bones.
Broken bones seem to have been a common occurrence in the life of an allosaur.
Broken bones suck, even after the mending gel has worn off.
Broken bones suck.
Broken bones take longer to heal.
Broken bottles are a sure way to disqualification.
Broken bottles can cause cuts.
Broken bottles have an even worse effect on community order and safety than broken windows.
Broken bottles litteres the club house, which had no water or electricity.
Broken bracelets appear on the lower legs and throat.
Broken branches are the most common form of storm-related injury.
Broken cameras are no excuse.
Broken children have the right to be healed.
Broken color extending over the body in spots of uneven splashing is undesirable.
Broken connection becomes a cultural expectation.
Broken consciousness comes from karma.
Broken cores are subject to an additional charge.
Broken cots can be dangerous.
Broken dolls fall into mud and face war.
Broken drills can cause serious injury.
Broken edges are red, normal are black.
Broken equipment can be costly for a health club in terms of customer satisfaction and repair costs.
Broken escalators take too long to fix.
Broken expectations are, however, just the half of it.
Broken faces become darker upon brief exposure to air.
Broken families are a distraction.
Broken families are fences.
Broken families are on of life's greatest tragedies.
Broken families are the saddest thing on earth.
Broken families earn less and experience lower levels of educational achievement.
Broken families have high rates of poverty.
Broken families produce deep loses.
Broken feelings surface and pain explodes in a heart.
Broken fences are mended, farm machinery is repaired.
Broken fibers can penetrate the skin.
Broken fingers are common with keepers.
Broken fingers are common.
Broken functionality generates bug reports.
Broken glass buried in the sand can cause serious injury.
Broken glass can be dangerous with the number of people sitting on the grass to enjoy the music.
Broken glass can cause cuts and fireworks that are still hot can cause burns.
Broken glass can cause the most injuries.
Broken glass can easily puncture bicycle tires.
Broken glass can result in injury to staff or broken equipment.
Broken glass can shred feet, especially children's.
Broken glass causes tire damage and personal injury.
Broken glass contains sharp edges and can be quite painful if jabbed into any part of the body.
Broken glass goes in special receptacles.
Broken glass is a handling hazard for the recycling truck operator.
Broken glass is a real hazard to beachgoers.
Broken glass is a serious problem causing many injuries.
Broken glass is also an issue for some store owners.
Broken glass is another major hazard to children.
Broken glass is diposed of in special disposable cardboard containers.
Broken glass is everywhere.
Broken glass is fortunatly rare.
Broken glass is invisible in water and extremely difficult to get out of the support system.
Broken glass is located in beachs.
Broken glass is located in bridges.
Broken glass is located in fields.
Broken glass is located in streets.
Broken glass is located in trash.
Broken glass is more common than grass in the playlots.
Broken glass is present on the lower steps of the tower.
Broken glass is scattered nearby.
Broken glass is sharps.
Broken glass is the greatest potential hazard in the bathroom.
Broken glass is the most common accident to occur in science labs.
Broken glass is to be disposed of or any spills cleaned up immediately.
Broken glass litters the floors.
Broken glass litters the main street.
Broken glass looks cool, rain looks cool, and leather looks cool.
Broken glass looks out of window frames.
Broken glass remains at the spot what's left, Detectives say a shot-out window.
Broken glass turns back to flint and sand.
A broken heart is sorrow
Broken hearts are easy to come by on a day with such high expectations.
Broken hearts are reality, reality for some.
Broken hearts are sometimes difficult to mend.
Broken hearts are sorrow.
Broken hearts can heal with time.
Broken hearts can mend.
Broken hearts do mend and when they do, they are often more loving and compassionate.
Broken hearts grow cold.
Broken hips are a common injury among individuals with weak bones.
Broken hips are a common symptom of osteoporosis, or brittle bone disease.
Broken hips separate the wheat from the chaff, so to speak.
Most broken hips are caused by accidental falls, very few are spontaneous.
A broken home is a family
Broken homes are a common factor among boys who have vented their rage in schoolyard shootings.
Broken homes are families.
Broken homes beget broken homes.
Broken homes breed broken hearts, and broken hearts have a diminished capacity to love others.
Broken homes mean broken people.
Broken hopes are a lot like pieces of glass.
Broken icon means server is full or down.
Broken implants are another common problem.
Broken lamps are considerably more expensive to recycle.
Broken legs are able to heal and our ability to walk, run and play is restored.
Broken levers are the next best thing to daggers.
Broken lights make our streets dark, causing even the shortest journeys to be more worrying.
Broken limbs can still move.
Broken line indicates potential for aeromedical evacuation from the field of the critically injured.
Broken line laid over the scalar wind represents the monthly mean scalar wind.
Broken line shows response of an ideal instrument without error.
Broken lines can turn into a single line.
Broken lines depict fully automated data collection and computer control.
Broken lines give practice writing the numbers.
Broken lines indicate perforations.
Broken lines indicate that more than one word is needed.
Broken lines indicate uncertainty in the placement of paleodepth boundaries.
Broken lines indicate with screening, and solid lines, without screening.
Broken lines represent creases.
Broken lines show sequences spliced out of cDNAs.
Broken links abound and work is still in progress.
Broken links are a constant annoyance to everyone using the internet.
Broken links are a fact of cruft.
Broken links are a royal pain in the ass, for webmasters, even more than surfers.
Broken links are a sign of an outdated site or one with a low quality control.
Broken links are everywhere, even in search engine results.
Broken links are extremely rare and the entire index is checked routinely.
Broken links are one of the worst things on a website.
Broken links are possibly a webmaster's worst headache.
Broken links are real hassle to keep on top of . .
Broken links are removed from the site, so everything is recent.
Broken links are the most common problem.
Broken links are very confusing.
Broken links can be very frustrating, especially when they are the fault of the presenter.
Broken links can destroy the trust of consumers.
Broken links can occur for many reasons, as shown in the following table.
Broken links can quickly drive visitors away.
Broken links come about through designer error or a process called linkrot.
Broken links create frustration.
Broken links drive customers away.
Broken links reflect a lack of maintenance.
Broken links stink.
Broken links suck, but for the moment they are a fact of life.
Broken links suck.
Broken links threaten to dissolve the freely-linked nature of the Web.
Many broken links indicate a lackadaisical attitude toward work completion.
Broken marriages are so common that virtually no family remains untouched by divorce.
Broken masonry makes great drainage for potted plants.
Broken meters are to be utilized by staff members only.
Broken minds are one of the prevailing problems today.
Broken mirrors are another great material for making freaky collages on walls.
Broken mirrors are bad luck.
Broken nails can be very painful.
Broken noses are more interesting than perfect noses.
Many broken noses heal normally with no special treatment.
Broken ones have their circuit boards pulled and the rest is waste.
Broken paradises are the only kind worth reading.
Broken parts are easy to remove.
Broken pekoe is slightly larger than broken orange pekoe with somewhat less color.
Broken people have a sense of their own unworthiness.
Broken people make good intercessors.
Broken photo link.
Broken pieces are less expensive than whole and shelled are more expensive than unshelled.
Broken pieces are more perishable than halves or whole kernels.
Broken pieces can hit a bystander and cause injury .
Broken pieces can hit a bystander and cause injury.
Broken pieces float up through the wine of sleep.
Broken pieces root easily in sand.
Broken pipe is harmless until spring.
Broken pipes can lead to major flooding and surface failure.
Broken pots portend a short period of sadness.
Broken processes contribute heavily to the problems.
Broken promises are like broken treaties.
Broken promises are very typical of the sloth.
Broken promises can bring down marriage, family, friendships and even society.
Broken promises come in herds, So keep that in mind.
Broken promises fill the void That obliviousness produces.
Broken promises head the list.
Broken quills can embed themselves into the skin and cause infection.
Broken references are transitively immutable and are transitively passed by copy.
Broken relationships are messy business.
Broken relationships begin with a small or misunderstood word.
Broken relationships can make life miserable too.
Broken relationships take time to heal.
Broken ribs are very common in full-blown adult pertussis.
Broken robots litter the streets.
Broken rods are common, and replacements are simply unavailable.
Broken roots bring lower prices.
Broken roots resprout.
Broken samples are available at the counter along with jellies and mustard.
Broken seals cause the electric motor to cut in more often and work harder.
Broken seals indicate an intrusion, while missing seals indicate a switch of telephone sets.
Broken shards glint in ancient treasure troves.
Broken shutters burn unnecessarily, leave life with draperies.
Broken skin can trap bacteria and become infected.
Broken skin is more susceptible to infection.
Broken slopes are variable, complex or benched slopes.
Broken springs look for keys lower than usual.
Broken squalls interleave sunshine and scattered droplets.
Broken stone placed on each joint aids the steam in penetrating the soil.
Broken teas are a step below full-leaf teas.
Broken thermometers pose a particularly dangerous problem.
Broken things have to be repaired quickly, or else the pieces get lost.
Any broken thing becomes a blade.
Broken tiles are a warning against taking unnecessary risks.
Broken tiles stay broken and a bit of pavement can be missing for decades.
Broken toenails are more painful than dangerous.
Broken teeth are common.
Broken trees lay strewn atop the rubble.
Broken trestles interrupt railroad lines.
Broken tusks are common, but the damaged end is filled by a growth of reparative dentine.
Broken units are much more costly to recyclethan intact units.
Broken units can recover by passing a regrouping test.
Broken voices try to talk Honest efforts to be free.
Broken windowpanes offer a view into the empty rooms.
Broken wings are harder to treat.
Broken wires are most apt to occur in lengths of cable that pass over pulleys or through fairleads.
Broken workstations sit on the floor.
Broken wrists are the most common injury, and ankles are hurt more often than knees.
Brokens are albums.
Brokens are located in repair shops.
Brokens are located in trash.
Broker dealer is responsible for reporting employment and payment of fees for all agents.
Many broker dealers store necessary documentation on computer networks via electronic scanning.
A broker is a capitalist
Broker coordinates booking of all foreign shipments with carriers.
Broker facilitates business transactions between franchised distributors and their trading partners.
Broker lays it onto a table top and focuses intently on the framed piece.
Broker offers mortgage refinancing services to the Washington market.
Broker recruiting of the class is scheduled during later portions of the classroom courses.
Broker reports for stocks.
Broker returns appropriate service descriptions to the requester.
Broker seeks commission from Vendor.
Brokers act as a middle man and broker freight to trucking companies.
Brokers act as agents, bringing together buyers and sellers.
Brokers act on rumours that spread across the market floor.
Brokers acts limited.
Brokers advertise also.
Brokers advertise on the Internet and local newspapers.
Brokers advise clients on buying and selling stock, mutual funds and bonds.
Brokers aggregate their data as average or median sale prices.
Brokers also are subject to the general anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws.
Brokers also can consult an industry publication, the Chronicle of Philanthropy.
Brokers also can provide insight on the quality of different landlords.
Brokers also choose a routing strategy across market makers.
Brokers also gain access to new business opportunities which complement their value-added services.
Brokers also have to continuously adapt and form alliances.
Brokers also issue and manage on-line financial accounts.
Brokers also know about users looking for space.
Brokers also manage their offices, advertise properties, and handle other business matters.
Brokers also manage their own offices, advertise properties, and handle other business matters.
Brokers also manage their own offices, advertise properties, and handle other career matters.
Brokers also pay for newspaper ads and other expenses associated with selling a property.
Brokers also promote their CD rates as being among the highest.
Brokers also provide separate and distinct services and facilities to wholesale lenders.
Brokers are a whole new breed of wildcat.
Brokers are able to handle contingencyorders, set market levelalarms, and alert customers.
Brokers are already in the banking and insurance businesses, and insurers are also branching out.
Brokers are also able to play an active role in legislative changes.
Brokers are also active as intermediaries in trades between dealers in various of other markets.
Brokers are also expensive.
Brokers are also subject to minimum capital requirements.
Brokers are also very involved in category management plans.
Brokers are anxious to help.
Brokers are at the point of sale when a home is sold, an ideal time to introduce a lender.
Brokers are best at making deals.
Brokers are books.
Brokers are business people.
Brokers are busy.
Brokers are capable of close deals.
Brokers are central to a thriving economy.
Brokers are common.
Brokers are guides, and as such contribute to other peoples' success.
Brokers are in the business of watching investments.
Brokers are in the market every day, while their clients get involved only when their needs change.
Brokers are independent real estate salespeople who sell, rent and manage properties for others.
Brokers are independent wholesalers who arrange sales between manufacturers and customers.
Brokers are independents who represent a variety of insurance companies.
Brokers are individuals or firms that assist contractors in their relationship with the end user.
Brokers are more aggressive.
Brokers are more appropriate for higher-volume allowance transactions.
Brokers are now common.
Brokers are of two types, based on the means of payment.
Brokers are often expensive to use.
Brokers are out on the docks talking to boat owners every day.
Brokers are particularly common in France, Germany, and Italy.
Brokers are people who buy and resale puppies to pet stores and private parties.
Brokers are professionals who charge a finder's fee for locating housing options for their clients.
Brokers are reluctant to take an exclusive agency listing and less willing to promote the home.
Brokers are responsible for supervising salespersons.
Brokers are salespeople.
Brokers are similar to application agents.
Brokers are so called exclusive agents-that is,they represent Buyers.
Brokers are the equivalent of a travel agent when booking a plane reservation.
Brokers are the link between investors and the stock market.
Brokers are the majority of the problem.
Brokers are the middlemen of trading and building profits is the name of the game.
Brokers are the most likely group to dicker with, as their number one marketing tool is price.
Brokers are then free to follow-up separately with the potential client.
Brokers are typically reluctant to list partial interests of properties.
Brokers are usually good at doing valuations or determining what the business is worth.
Brokers are welcome and protected.
Brokers are welcome to place listings here.
Brokers are welcome, protected, and compensated.
Brokers are welcome, too.
Brokers are welcome.
Brokers argue they are protected because they already offer more sophisticated consulting services.
Brokers arrange transactions rather than lending money directly.
Brokers blame the index drop on the uncertainty surrounding alleged new capital gains tax.
Brokers bring buyers and sellers together.
Brokers bring together parties that have allowances to buy and sell.
Brokers buy and sell from a specialist, who acts as the auctioneer.
Brokers call the move a knee-jerk reaction that in fact exacerbated the downdraft.
Brokers can also play a part in getting a replicator to accept a short run.
Brokers can also work for another broker.
Brokers can choose one of three charging structures, depending on how much information they want.
Brokers can choose the commission schedule that best meets their needs.
Brokers can communicate with other brokers, and gatherers can communicate with many brokers.
Brokers can contact our sales representatives.
Brokers can document a fair market rental for a property.
Brokers can get a list of all the teas sold in their catalogue lotwise and buyerwise.
Brokers can help create very effective employee volunteering partnerships.
Brokers can maintain their own listings and home page.
Brokers can monitor the results and follow up with specific recommendations.
Brokers can no longer just say anything they want when asked for a value estimate.
Brokers can often arrange merchant accounts for businesses who are deemed high risk.
Brokers can often do better.
Brokers can order appraisals.
Brokers can post listings to all six national site partners, or none.
Brokers can prepare their own addenda to a listing contract.
Brokers can research, post property listings and e-mail maps, photos and data.
Brokers can shop many lenders for each lenders' store of loans.
Brokers can shop many lenders for each lender's store of loans.
Brokers can still enter into a traditional agency relationship with a buyer or seller.
Brokers can win the numbers game with a combination of strategies.
Brokers can, in principle, perform their function without risk.
Brokers certainly know how to charge for raising funds, but it is worth it.
Brokers certify all continuing education offering for their agents.
Brokers charge a commission for their services.
Brokers charge a fee or receive a commission for their services.
Brokers charge a fee to sell real estate owned by others.
Brokers charge a setup fee and lease or sell the software and hardware as needed.
Brokers charge their clients a commission.
Brokers come in three basic models.
Brokers commonly match buyers and sellers and receive a commission from sellers.
Brokers competitively bid for the most advantageous price.
Brokers contend that for every hour delay in cooling, shelf life is reduced by one day.
Brokers discuss the commissions and negotiate a split agreement.
Brokers do a lot of business and they are good people to discuss leasing with.
Brokers do act as fiduciaries or at least as semi-fiduciaries.
Brokers do know which carriers to go to.
Brokers do write reports, but they mainly parrot company presentations.
Brokers drop coverage.
Brokers earn commissions each time a stock is traded, but the fees are lower and up-front.
Brokers earn their fees by charging the selling dealer.
Brokers enable smart conversions .
Brokers expect the market to remain static as the financial year draws to a close.
Brokers expect the rally to continue into the following weeks and perhaps till the end of the year.
Brokers exploit the web service ontologies to assist in locating appropriate service providers.
Brokers fail even in the best markets.
Brokers get price quotes through a computer network and trade via telephone or computer network.
Brokers get quotes, apply for coverage, process claims and make billing inquiries.
Brokers get their commission plus they get their orders filled at the same time.
Brokers handle the transactions for a commission.
Brokers have a duty to be truthful in all communications with customers.
Brokers have a name for unnecessarily turning over a client's portfolio to increase commissions.
Brokers have access to information on products and markets any time they want.
Brokers have adequate capital base as well as substantial margins with the exchanges.
Brokers have experience in every state of the U.S.A. and in the Caribbean.
Brokers have extensive lists of businesses for sale.
Brokers have knowledge about knowledge.
Brokers have legal and financial responsibilities to all parties in the sale of real estate.
Brokers have more pre-licensing requirements than salespersons for obvious reasons.
Brokers have more responsibilities to costumers than they did before.
Brokers have more stringent licensing requirements and responsibilities.
Brokers have no obligation to provide to charities the identities of the donators.
Brokers have no responsibility in terms of profit.
Brokers have several options to take advantage of Broker Reciprocity .
Brokers have some pretty 'evil' loan terms and policies.
Brokers have the ability to facilitate bargaining.
Brokers have the ability to see the supply side.
Brokers have to pass a two-week course on the stock market to be eligible for a test.
Brokers have too much power over appraiser's decision making in regards to their opinion of values.
Brokers have wide latitude to decide who gets IPO shares.
Brokers help buyers find a mortgage with one of several lenders they represent.
Brokers help keep loan rates low due to their minimal overhead and setup costs.
Brokers hold overseas agencies and also represent local manufacturers and local importers.
Brokers input their data into the computerized data system independently.
Brokers insist their service reps walk the straight and narrow.
Brokers kindly excuse.
Brokers know just how important they are to the health plans.
Brokers know that it's hard to represent the market differently than it is.
Brokers licenses in both Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
Brokers like to present themselves as investment counselors.
Brokers like to say that in a hot market, everything sells.
Brokers link ad buyers with websites that are selling space.
Brokers link customers with businesses that accept recyclables.
Brokers look for applicants who possess a pleasant personality, honesty, and a neat appearance.
Brokers love that.
Brokers maintain escrow accounts as a regular part of their businesses.
Brokers maintain home pages with links to their advertised properties.
Brokers make a commission based on their client's earnings.
Brokers make a living anticipating the fluctuations of stock prices.
Brokers make a living out of matching businesses up with appropriate insurance.
Brokers make money from commissions, their major source of revenue.
Brokers make money when people move, so they're in favor of any loosening of the market.
Brokers make their money on commissions and tend to use captives as a defensive mechanism.
Brokers match buyers and sellers of money market instruments on a commission basis.
Brokers match buyers and sellers, and that's the service for which they charge a fee or commission.
Brokers meet few of their clients in person.
Brokers meet tech challenge.
Brokers normally rent lists.
Brokers now pay the same fee to settle German and UK stock.
Brokers operate in industries characterized by a large number of small suppliers and purchasers.
Brokers operate on a limited basis.
Brokers ought to know more.
Brokers pay by the day to list advertisements on the site.
Brokers pay FULL price for Universal papers .
Brokers pay kickbacks to the players, keeping a chunk of cash for themselves.
Brokers place advertising andpost listings that contain non-specific descriptions of the business.
Brokers place their Haves and wants and they are instantly available.
Brokers prefer to get small investors into funds.
Brokers provide buyers and sellers with guidance in determining fair market values.
Brokers provide consumers with choice, convenience and expertise.
Brokers provide office space, but agents generally furnish their own automobiles.
Brokers receive a small commission by getting their clients to buy and sell securities.
Brokers receive commissions for bringing buyers and sellers together.
Brokers receive price information from lenders daily as a matter of course.
Brokers receive the Dental Plan as a FREE benefit.
Brokers record their phone calls with customers.
Brokers refuse to let customers sell shares, restricting supply to pump stocks up.
Brokers rely heavily on published rankings in their advertising.
Brokers represent policyholders rather than insurance companies.
Brokers representing the lenders get both good and bad properties.
Brokers say a cloud of distrust hangs over Korea's financial woes.
Brokers say buyers are under pressure.
Brokers say buyers in the upper end of the market can be particularly skittish in bad times.
Brokers say investors are more concerned about the prospect of more bad debts.
Brokers say that in fact, demand for office space by high-tech companies has diminished.
Brokers say the actual supply of usable space is much lower.
Brokers say they are.
Brokers say worries about a possible rescue rights issue appear to be receding.
Brokers say yes.
Brokers seek out unaltered purebreds for resale to puppymills or research laboratories.
Brokers sell fund shares to the public and collect a commission for the sale.
Brokers sell products, in fact they're fantastic at doing just that.
Brokers sell the lists to companies looking for specific demographic groups for their products.
Brokers sell units to investors.
Brokers show space.
Brokers sneeze from fiberglass bits blowing out of airconditioning vents.
Brokers specializing in nonprofit organizations can be an invaluable asset.
Brokers specializing in stocks, bonds, options, or commodities act as an agent.
Brokers spend countless hours sending listing after listing.
Brokers still advertise asset searches on the Web.
Brokers support information flow the directed flow of information between applications.
Brokers tend to work better together in smaller groups.
Brokers thrive when they establish long-term relationships with their clients.
Brokers totally understand their business, their peers, and most of all their clients and customers.
Brokers trade stocks in the stock market.
Brokers typically charge a commission for handling the purchase for a client.
Brokers typically get a higher commission from selling mutual funds put together by their employer.
Brokers typically provide a link between recyclers and manufacturers.
Brokers typically receive payment from dealers for steering business their way.
Brokers typically require a fee or a commission for their services.
Brokers understandably have conflicts of interest and their advice is often slanted.
Brokers use a search engine to filter the range of possible course products for any given learner.
Brokers use it to sell mutual funds.
Brokers use the number to know whether their trades are above or below market value.
Brokers use their knowledge and experience to get clients.
Brokers vary by characteristics such as experience.
Brokers vary widely in their competency.
Brokers work for a fee, generally paid by the lessor.
Brokers work on a fee or commission basis.
Brokers often arrange no-cost mortgages, the lender covering the fee.
Brokers often charge more to buy and sell odd lot orders.
Brokers often complain about the whole idea of licensing bankers in the first place.
Brokers often dangle an attractive rate but are most often more costly.
Brokers often fill out new-account forms based on an interview with the client over the phone.
Brokers often order in large quantities for all their new salespeople.
Brokers often provide high quality research on companies.
Brokers often provide their own shock test results.
Brokers often sell to overseas markets.
Brokers usually arrange loans from third-party sources.
Brokers usually charge a fee or receive a commission for their services.
Brokers usually charge a fee or receive commission for their services.
Brokers usually make more money on transactions involving rebates.
Brokers usually make more than agents.
Brokers usually receive a percentage of the death benefit from the viatical settlement company.
Brokers usually take possession of a vehicle first, then resell it to the end user.
All brokers are all ex-charter boat crew.
All brokers have instructions on their web sites on how to receive wires.
All brokers mark up loans by charging origination fees, or points.
All brokers operate under federal and state laws regarding customer privacy.
All brokers talk, and the mere sound of their voices has been known to cause markets to change.
All brokers work on commission.
Every broker has a style.
Every broker needs stories, and a good story is used again and again.
Many brokers advise against it.
Many brokers have franchise agreements with national or regional real estate organizations.
Many brokers have higher margin requirements on Internet stocks.
Many brokers implement buyer broker agreements more to protect themselves than to protect the buyer.
Many brokers now express a preference for agents whose background includes some college.
Many brokers rely on generic valuation software reports that are based on unproven theories.
Many brokers represent more than one insurance company.
Many brokers specialize in offering services to very small businesses.
Many brokers view it as none of the borrower's business.
Most brokers are honest and hardworking.
Most brokers are specialists.
Most brokers buy supplemental insurance.
Most brokers charge a success fee.
Most brokers have a minimum fee which they charge.
Most brokers insist on an exclusive right to sell listing.
Most brokers offer a limited selection of lodgings.
Most brokers offer money market accounts.
Most brokers really earn their keep and in many case have to sue to get paid.
Most brokers reserve whatever limited allocation they receive for only their best customers.
Most brokers treat their salespersons as independent contractors.
Most brokers use secure computers and require their customers to use a secure Web browser.
Most brokers work for the seller.
Most brokers work on commission.
Most brokers work with just a few reliable lenders on a regular basis.
Some brokers advertise their lowest prices as a carrot and stick to lure customers.
Some Brokers allow their clients to shortsell.
Some brokers also accept the transfer of securities to the corresponding counter-value.
Some brokers also act as underwriters.
Some brokers also contract out their loan processing.
Some brokers also help with financing, trade-ins, all the paperwork and so on.
Some brokers also use a tool to help their clients define their needs as well as their wants.
Some brokers are afraid of doing things differently.
Some brokers are dealers themselves or purchase cars from dealers for resale.
Some brokers are sceptical.
Some brokers back out of deals.
Some brokers bill hourly, others bill on a project basis.
Some brokers can also arrange for special order papers.
Some brokers charge a higher commission for limit orders than for market orders.
Some brokers charge a service fee on top of that.
Some brokers charge fees to investors who switch between funds in the same fund family.
Some brokers charge membership fees.
Some brokers claim their CDs carry no early withdrawal penalties.
Some brokers deliver workers to poultry companies in southern Virginia, North Carolina and Arkansas.
Some brokers do charge an upfront fee.
Some brokers do handle different types of glass, though often only in bulk quantities.
Some brokers feel that the abundance of information is one of the drivers pressuring commissions.
Some brokers focus on different segments of trading.
Some brokers ignore the question of who they represent, but that's getting riskier to do so.
Some brokers offer a wider selection of mini-stocks than others.
Some brokers offer different levels of service all available on the Internet.
Some brokers offer on line trading.
Some brokers only trade in stocks and funds.
Some brokers only trade on one exchange, which is a bit too restrictive.
Some brokers pay licensees to get their education requirements.
Some brokers prefer to transfer gifts within their own company.
Some brokers provide processing services, while others purchase only processed recyclables.
Some brokers rate it as a moderate buy, while one says it's a strong buy.
Some brokers request the fee at the time an application is submitted.
Some brokers require an up front nonrefundable deposit.
Some brokers say that with such practices, things look more and more like the Wild West.
Some brokers send a copy of the appraisal after closing.
Some brokers specialize in fund raising lists, lists for investment offers, merchandise lists.
Some brokers specialize in high net worth individuals while others span a variety of clients.
Some brokers specialize in timeshare resales.
Some brokers use flat-fee pricing, and others work on a markup basis.
A brokerage account is an account
Brokerage accounts are beneficial in many ways.
Most brokerage accounts permit employees to trade virtually any U.S. stock, bond or mutual fund.
A brokerage firm is an institution
Brokerage firm estimates.
Brokerage firm specializes in sales and luxury rentals.
Brokerage firms are financial institutions.
Brokerage firms are free to set their own commission charges.
Brokerage firms are likely to compete more aggressively with commercial banks for trust services.
Brokerage firms are now in a seller's market, being purchased at multiples of book value.
Brokerage firms buy full-page newspaper ads to assure Detroit clients that the markets are stable.
Brokerage firms can also compute firm-wide risk across all portfolios.
Brokerage firms can play a couple of roles in stock transactions.
Brokerage firms do more than research companies and make goofy commercials.
Brokerage firms fall into two main camps, full-service brokers and discount brokers.
Brokerage firms focus on individual stocks and bonds.
Brokerage firms have a built-in bias that can hurt performance.
Brokerage firms meet their objective if their clients enter into buy and sell transactions.
Brokerage firms offer checking accounts, insurance companies fund construction projects, and so on.
Brokerage firms please read brokerage requirements .
Brokerage firms seem less frenetic but no less prepared, as is the government.
Brokerage firms target fair disclosure rule .
Every brokerage firm has their own rates.
Many brokerage firms do try consistently to enhance or upgrade their statements.
Many brokerage firms have severe capital shortages.
Many brokerage firms maintain offices in major Arkansas towns and cities.
Many brokerage firms purchase supplemental insurance.
Many brokerage firms sponsor multiple programs that meet the definition of a wrap fee program.
Most brokerage firms concentrate massive amounts of time and energy to equity research.
Most brokerage firms require a minimum amount of equity to open an account.
Most brokerage firms require their analysts to rate each of the stocks they follow.
Some brokerage firms offer a wide variety of services.
A brokerage house is work
Brokerage houses advertise in newspapers and magazines, TV and online.
Brokerage houses are workplaces.
Brokerage houses charge interest on the borrowed funds.
Brokerage houses report phones are ringing and ringing.
Brokerage houses seem to break into the news only on the tails of scandal.
Many brokerage houses offer online trading.
Many brokerage houses require strong selling experience for account executive positions.
Some brokerage houses move trillions of dollars per year over their networks.
A brokerage is an institution
Brokerage has a very large selection of brokerage boats at their docks.
Brokerage Helping two other parties establish a clear contract.
Brokerage is possible in all states and overseas.
Brokerage is the toughest business to predict.
Brokerage maintains the rates and expenses earned and paid towards a person or equipment.
Brokerage Makes a Difference .
Brokerage means the business or occupation of a real estate broker .
Brokerage writes all risks with an off site exposure.
Brokerages admit to the delays.
Brokerages also attach various conditions to such incentive schemes.
Brokerages are business.
Brokerages are very time sensitive businesses.
Brokerages boost their margin loan rates.
Brokerages can connect with prospects and customers in an educational and motivational environment.
Brokerages come in a few different flavors.
Brokerages feel the pinch.
Brokerages listed here specialize only in discount trading.
Brokerages save money because of the reduction in printing and postage costs.
Brokerages try to adjust.
Brokerages use it as a perk to retain their customers.
Every brokerage has different terms and conditions for opening an account.
Many brokerages are on the Internet as well.
Many brokerages recommend owning stock in the utility companies.
Most brokerages provide visitors a demo of their order, account record, and portfolio pages.
Some brokerages start penalizing investors who've stopped trading.
Broking firms offer comprehensive advisory services on local and foreign markets.
Brollies have (part) handles.
Brollies have (part) hems.
Brollies have (part) ribs.
Brollies have (part) sections.
Brolly isa umbrella.
Brome grass can be a good hay crop for dairy cows, but quality can be quite variable.
A brome is grass
Most bromes are highly palatable during succulent growth, even the ones classed as weeds.
Bromeliad seedlings appear to be a favorite item on their menu.
Bromer soils have a thicker sola.
Bromic acid is a strong acid.
Bromic acid is acid
Bromic acid is made by adding a strong acid to a bromate such as sodium bromate .
Bromic acid is made by adding a strong acid to a bromate such as sodium bromate.
Bromide ions can be toxic in large amounts.
A bromide is a remark
A bromide is a truism
Bromide relaxes muscles and minimizes stiffens.
Bromides are acceptable.
Bromides are chemical compounds.
Bromides are normally colorless and nontoxic.
Bromides are remarks.
Bromine efficacy is somewhat different.
Bromine vapor is blown out of the reaction vessel by a current of air and collected.
Bromine vapors are dangerous.
Bromine vapors are very toxic with inhalation.
Bromine vapour is amber in colour.
Bromine water consists of elemental bromine mixed with water.
Bromine water decolorizes on reaction with ethyne.
Bromine water is also a weak acid that bleaches litmus.
Bromine has (part) atoms.
Bromine isa element.
Bromine isa halogen.
A bromoform is an organic compound
Bromoform can cause irritation of the eyes and nose.
Bromoform is genotoxic in several assay systems.
Bromoform is known to destroy ozone in the troposphere.
Bromoform is the bromine equivalent of the more famil iar chloroform.
Bromoform is the major organohalide produced by chlorination of seawater during desalination.
Bromoforms are chemical compounds.
Bromsgrove sand is premium, but it's just sand, with a few additives.
A bronc is a mustang
Broncs have season highs for runs scored and hits.
Bronchial asthma is a disease
Bronchial asthma is another term for asthma.
Bronchial atresia is a rare anomaly presenting as recurring lung infections.
Bronchial atresia is thought to be a congenital abnormality.
Bronchial breath sounds in peripheral areas.
Bronchial carcinoids grow as endobronchial polyps.
Bronchial disease occurs frequently and is an integral feature of the yellow nail syndrome.
Bronchial drainage is done repeatedly to loosen and remove mucus in the lungs.
Bronchial lavage is considered safe and effective by some, and life-threatening by others.
Bronchial muscles clamp down around the bronchial tubes, causing a condition known as broncho-spasm.
Bronchial passages end up tied into knots.
Bronchial reactivity precedes skin- prick response.
Bronchial response can be either immediate or delayed.
A bronchial tube is a duct
Bronchial tubes begin to relax and energy levels increase.
Bronchial tubes look a little like tiny, tiny tree branches.
Bronchiolar epithelium is flattened.
Bronchiolar obstruction causes distal collapse or air trapping and abnormal gas exchange.
A bronchiole is a duct
Bronchiole isa canal.
Bronchiole isa duct.
Bronchioles are bronchial tubes.
Bronchioles are ducts.
Bronchioles carry air.
Bronchioles end in microscopic sacs called alveoli.
Bronchioles end in small alveolar sacs .
Bronchioles have (part) corpi.
Bronchioles have a greater diameter than do bronchi.
Bronchioles have a smaller diameter than do bronchi.
Bronchioles lead into alveoli, the smallest air spaces.
Bronchioles provide air to lobules.
Most bronchioles carry air.
Most bronchioles show a pronounced smooth muscle coat.
Some bronchioles end in alveoluses.
Bronchioloalveolar carcinoma is a specific type of adenocarcinoma.
Some bronchioloalveolar carcinomas produce abundant mucus.
Bronchitis is a disease
Bronchitis occurs when the bronchials become irritated and inflamed.
Bronchoalveolar carcinoma is a relatively rare form of adenocarcinoma.
Bronchoalveolar histology is acceptable if the tumor meets the staging requirements.
Bronchoalveolar lavage can be helpful.
A bronchodilator is medicine
Bronchodilators act principally to dilate the airways by relaxing bronchial smooth muscle.
Bronchodilators act principally to open the airways by relaxing bronchial muscle.
Bronchodilators act to enlarge constricted airways and ease the work of breathing.
Bronchodilators also come in liquid form for children.
Bronchodilators also help clear mucus from the lungs.
Bronchodilators are medications that are commonly used to treat COPD by relaxing bronchial muscles.
Bronchodilators are medicine.
Bronchodilators are medicines to relax the muscles in the airway walls and help open the airways.
Bronchodilators are potent drugs.
Bronchodilators are relatively harmless when taken as prescribed, in moderation.
Bronchodilators are small and convenient enough to be carried discreetly anywhere.
Bronchodilators are still a mainstay of asthma therapy.
Bronchodilators are the cornerstone of such therapy.
Bronchodilators are the most commonly prescribed drugs to treat asthma.
Bronchodilators are usually ineffective.
Bronchodilators can help the cough as well.
Bronchodilators cause smooth muscle relaxation of the airways.
Bronchodilators effectively relieve bronchospasm.
Bronchodilators help open the airways in the lungs and decrease shortness of breath.
Bronchodilators help stop attacks in progress by relaxing the bronchial muscles.
Bronchodilators open the lungs so more air can get in.
Bronchodilators open up the constricted airways of asthmatic patients.
Bronchodilators relax airways and actively open airways.
Bronchodilators relax the muscles and relieve the bronchospasm.
Bronchodilators relax the muscles in the airways.
Bronchodilators relax the smooth muscles that line the airway.
Bronchodilators relieve acute attack symptoms and provide help in emergency situations.
Bronchodilators widen the bronchial tubes in the lungs.
Bronchodilators work by opening the bronchial passages so that more air can get through.
Bronchogenic carcinoma is an occasional underlying cause in older smokers.
Bronchogenic carcinoma is divided into small cell and non-small cell types.
Bronchogenic carcinoma is the leading cause of death from cancer in both men and women.
Bronchogenic carcinoma is the most common type of tumor causing death in both men and women.
Bronchogenic carcinoma is, by far, the most common malignant lesion in surgical series of SPNs.
Bronchogenic cysts can also present as large masses.
Bronchopneumonia is a less dramatic form of pneumonia that is more prevalent than lobar pneumonia.
Bronchopneumonia is pneumonia
Bronchopneumonia is treated by antibiotics.
Bronchos win district title.
A bronchoscope is an instrument
Bronchoscopes are instruments used to examine the lung's airways.
Bronchoscopic examination reveals a mucoid impaction with surrounding erythema and edema.
Bronchospasm is is a reversible reflex spasm of the smooth muscle in the bronchi.
A bronchus is a duct
Bronchi bring air.
Bronchi carry air.
Bronchi connect tracheae.
Bronchi contain some mucoid material and are reddened.
Bronchi contain thick, muco-purulent material.
Bronchi deliver air.
Bronchi divide into bronchi.
Bronchi divide into bronchioles.
Bronchi divide into secondary bronchi.
Bronchi enter leave lungs.
Bronchi enter lungs.
Bronchi enter right lungs.
Bronchi have (part) corpi.
Bronchi lead to leave lungs.
Bronchi lead to lungs.
Bronchi lead to right lungs.
Bronchi supply air.
Bronchi take air from the trachea to each lung.
Bronchus isa canal.
Bronchus isa duct.
Most bronchi bring air.
Most bronchi carry air.
Most bronchi connect tracheae.
Most bronchi deliver air.
Most bronchi divide into bronchi.
Most bronchi divide into bronchioles.
Most bronchi divide into secondary bronchi.
Most bronchi enter leave lungs.
Most bronchi enter lungs.
Most bronchi enter right lungs.
Most bronchi lead to leave lungs.
Most bronchi lead to lungs.
Most bronchi lead to right lungs.
Bronco fans are extremely passionate.
A bronco is a mustang
Broncos are in first place.
Broncos are mustangs.
Broncos bash woeful Wildcats .
Broncos conclude fall schedule with record-setting win.
Broncos extend winning streak to nine with sweep of Buffalo.
Broncos fall in first round of playoffs, but have record-setting season, earn national recognition.
Broncos fall to No.
Broncos have what it takes to repeat in division.
Broncos helmets twenty Stage burst upon lots broncos helmets.
Broncos seal first home win .
Broncos sign defensive specialist, setter and two middle blockers.
Broncos sign nine to letters of intent.
Broncos take series versus No.
Broncos win .
Broncos win home opener.
Any broncos helmets upon logical, perfect exception shock that wet book between a widow.
Bronsted acids have the ability to donate a proton .
Bronsted bases have the ability to accept electrons .
Bronx isa thing.
Bronze casting begins in area of modern Iraq.
Bronze casting is a balanced mixture of art and science.
Bronze casting is explored in both aesthetic and practical applications.
Bronze castings are also available upon special order.
Bronze frogs have sides.
Most bronze frogs have sides.
Bronze helmets offer head protection.
Bronze helmets offer protection.
Most bronze helmets offer head protection.
Most bronze helmets offer protection.
Bronze lions hold the three gold supports.
Bronze medalists think about how lucky they are to have a medal at all.
Bronze medallists are companies with impressive e-commerce strategies that have yet to be executed.
Bronze sculpture is an ideal way to immortalize a beloved pet.
Bronze sculptures adorn a lower-level pool.
Bronze sculptures are on display in the park.
All bronze sculptures are available for enlargement to monumental size.
Bronze soldiers claw through the concrete beach and climb over a wall.
Bronze soldiers claw up a concrete beach and climb a wall.
Bronze whalers eat other sharks, rays, squid and sea snakes and hunt during the day.
Bronze whalers look a lot like big flathead and jew in the dark.
Bronze bushing on crank shaft makes for easier turning.
Bronze colored blades are narrow and curl slightly at tips.
Bronze disintegrates very slowly in sea water.
Bronze does, however, seem to have developed quickly.
Bronze finds from Hungary.
Bronze finds from the sea.
Bronze has a distinctive beauty as a precious metal.
Bronze has a much better tone than iron.
Bronze has to be made by design.
Bronze indicates the basic level of competency necessary to get basic use of the system.
Bronze is a combination of copper and tin.
Bronze is a crucial part of Chinese art history.
Bronze is a different metal than brass, which is mostly copper and zinc.
Bronze is a good compromise and is therefore used.
Bronze is a medal and all, but it feels like a consolation prize.
Bronze is a medium by artists used to create masterpieces of sculpture and design.
Bronze is a mixture of copper and tin.
Bronze is a much better replacement for copper in tools, eating utensils, and weapons.
Bronze is a similar alloy consisting primarily of copper and tin.
Bronze is a symbol for judgment and the serpent is a symbol of the curse.
Bronze is a symbol of judgement.
Bronze is alloy.
Bronze is also an alloy of copper with or without tin, antimony, phosphorus, or other metals.
Bronze is an alloy made of copper which also contains tin and lead.
Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin and brass on of copper and zinc.
Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin, while steel is an alloy of iron, carbon and other additives.
Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin.
Bronze is an alloy of copper, tin, and a small amount of lead.
Bronze is an alloy of copper.
Bronze is an alloy of tin and copper .
Bronze is an alloy of tin and copper, and brass is an alloy of zinc and copper.
Bronze is an alloy of tin and copper.
Bronze is an alloy, or mixture of metals.
Bronze is an alloy.
Bronze is an enduring medium and allows more fine detail.
Bronze is an extremely durable alloy, capable of withstanding the elements.
Bronze is another matter.
Bronze is brittle and breaks easily.
Bronze is brittle because it's an alloy.
Bronze is bronze.
Bronze is capable of holding shape and details without being broken.
Bronze is composed of two other metals, tin and copper, both of which are too soft to stop an arrow.
Bronze is copper and tin.
Bronze is copper, tin, and zinc.
Bronze is easy to produce provided the required temperatures can be reached.
Bronze is enhanced by additional details made from ivory.
Bronze is equally easy to do.
Bronze is for the stand.
Bronze is generally nonmagnetic, but if iron and nickel are added, it shows magnetic properties.
Bronze is hard , strong and corrosion resistant .
Bronze is harder and stronger than unalloyed copper.
Bronze is highly durable and can withstand even the most extreme weather conditions.
Bronze is made by mixing three parts copper to one part tin.
Bronze is made from copper and tin.
Bronze is metal
Bronze is metal.
Bronze is mostly copper combined with another element.
Bronze is much harder and stronger than pure copper.
Bronze is our 'entry-level' product and is seen as a stepping stone to the other products.
Bronze is perfect for making a statement that is both beautiful and long lasting.
Bronze is primarily copper with other residual metals.
Bronze is resistant to corrosive elements, an important consideration in selecting a casket.
Bronze is rich of lead, antifriction, without gasket, anticorrosion, ductile, easy to turn.
Bronze is sculpture.
Bronze is stronger than copper or tin alone.
Bronze is suitable for anyone who has danced for at least one term.
Bronze is the entry level service.
Bronze is the most used metal among others.
Bronze is the only medium strong enough to give the effect of lightness and flying.
Bronze is the sculptural medium with the fewest limitations.
Bronze is used for coins, medals, steam fittings, and gunmetal and was formerly employed for cannon.
Bronze is used to add strength where necessary.
Bronze is very durable, although much more expensive than aluminum.
Bronze is work of art.
Bronze is worth one point, silver is worth five, gold is worth ten.
Bronze isa alloy.
Bronze lasts longer than copper.
Bronze makes an elegant, exquisite remembrance.
Bronze offers best-effort delivery assurances.
Bronze replaces wax to express durability.
Bronze snap at other end for securing to fixed points.
Bronze symbolizes judgment.
Bronze tends to be a somewhat sensitive glaze.
Bronze tends to be slightly more red in colour depending in the copper content.
Bronze twisted handle.
Bronzes are alloys of copper, tin and lead.
Bronzes are an extremely minor form of rank.
Bronzes are harder than brasses .
Bronzes are the new rage.
Most bronzes are available with a rotating base.
Some bronzes are available immediately, call for delivery times.
Some bronzes are hard to place geographically.
Some bronzes even have only one finely thin layer left.
Bronzed catfish is a lighter, faster, simpler version of the traditional blackened dish.
Bronzed cutworms cut seedling plants but feed primarily on grasses.
Bronzed foliage erupts in a cavalcade of yellow-apricot blooms.
A brooch is a pin
All brooches carry a no questions, money back guarantee.
Brood comb is comb containing young of the bees.
Brood habitats increase survival.
Brood parasites are organisms that rely on others to raise their young.
Brood parasitism can reduce the nest success and the number of the host's fledged young.
Some brood patches contain blood vessels.
Some brood patches contain numerous blood vessels.
Some brood patches contain vessels.
Some brood patches have areas.
Some brood patches have skin.
Some brood pouches provide nutrients.
Some brood pouches remove harmful waste.
Some brood pouches remove waste.
Brood War is almost a whole new game.
Brood War picks up almost immediately after the end of the original game's storyline.
Brood War promises to be another big hit.
Brood X is apparently what is appearing now.
A brood is an animal group
Brood are immature fire ants.
Brood are the eggs, larvae and pupae.
Brood are the larval and pupal stages of the ant.
Brood can only exit along their entering edge.
Brood continues the fight backstage.
Brood has cappings raised, dry, no punctures.
Brood is the eggs, larvae and pupae.
Brood isa group.
Brood rearing only begins in earnest when the weather begins to be warm for lengthy periods.
Brood sampling in both areas suggest beetle populations are increasing.
Broods are animal groups.
Broods are continuous in the eastern half of Texas.
Broods are films.
Broods are generally a geographical unit and are numbered sequentially.
Broods are potential incipient species, isolated in time because the adults never meet.
Broods hide in emergent vegetation, especially when young.
Broods overlap most of the time, so dog day cicadas can be seen annually in Ohio.
Broods overlap, with all life stages present during the breeding season.
Broods prefer larger bodies of water, with deep channels for escape.
Broods raised along heavily traveled roads can suffer substantial road kill losses.
Broods remain in the tee overwintering mainly as adults.
Broods remain in the tree and overwinter mainly as adult beetles, but also as larvae.
Broods typically stay together for a week or two.
Broods often combine to form large groups.
More broods are imminent because the males readily become pregnant again after each brood.
Some brood habitats consist of grass.
Some broods are found only in small areas.
Some broods succumb completely, and nearly half the ducklings are lost from remaining broods.
Brooded embryos are pink to red in color.
Brooders have eggs fertilized internally with development of the planulae within the polyps.
Brooders often reproduce several times a year on a lunar cycle.
Brooding are parturition.
A broodmare is a mare
Broodmares also have the unusual ability to delay foaling, at least for a short time.
Broodmares are in foal or sold with a foal at side.
Broodmares are mares.
Broodmares can usually get the protein and energy they require from good-quality pasture.
Broodmares present a special situation.
A broody is a hen
Broodies are prime targets for such pest because they are relatively immobile.
Some broodies have better habits while incubating eggs than others.
Brook lamprey have long, wormlike bodies.
Brook sticklebacks are minnow-sized fish.
Brook sticklebacks are social and school together with other fish in the non-breeding season.
Brook sticklebacks have fascinating repreoductive behaviour.
Brook sticklebacks have no special conservation status in Minnesota.
A brook trout is a freshwater fish
Brook trout abound in a couple of nearby beaver ponds providing action at any time of the day.
Brook trout are a relatively short-lived fish.
Brook trout are also among the most colorful of all freshwater fish.
Brook trout are also in the lake.
Brook trout are also present in most tributaries.
Brook trout are also present.
Brook trout are cold water fish.
Brook trout are cover-seeking creatures.
Brook trout are extremely shy and vary, often holding under trees and in undercut banks.
Brook trout are more tolerant of metals than other species.
Brook trout are most successful in the smaller, higher elevation headwater streams.
Brook trout are native to a few headwater streams.
Brook trout are native to the state and are New York State's official state fish.
Brook trout are native to waters throughout the region.
Brook trout are native, but browns and rainbows have been introduced.
Brook trout are now part of the regular catch, too.
Brook trout are the best bet in the acid waters of the state.
Brook trout are there for the pleasure of the clients.
Brook trout become more active due to cooler water temperatures.
Brook trout eat a great variety of food, including plankton, insects, snails, clams, and fish.
Brook trout fall somewhere in-between.
Brook trout favor the lake's tributary streams.
Brook trout feel soft to the touch because of the very small scales that cover the entire body.
Brook trout is present in virtually all Island brooks and streams.
Brook trout is the only trout native to Maryland waters.
Brook trout live in the deeper pools, which are created by beavers.
Brook trout occur in a wide variety of habitats from small streams to large lakes.
Brook trout prefer cold, clear streams and are the most cold tolerant of all common trout.
Brook trout require clean, clear, cold streams in order to thrive.
Brook trout require cold streams.
Brook trouts are fish.
Brook trouts are freshwater fish.
Brook trouts are part of brook trouts.
Brook trouts are trouts.
A brook is a stream
Brook also traces the development of early Jewish life in Kiev and details on Rus'-Khazar conflicts.
Brook approach alongside the loss and switch telecom.
Brook directs well.
Brook do Gentlemen inside a coast from few index.
Brook instead Wind deceive little pound since few any teen bedrooms.
Brook is a deterministic model that looks at hydrologic dynamics at the watershed level.
Brook is a handy guy who can fix just about anything, and played the guitar.
Brook is a local favorite for fishing speckled trout.
Brook is based in Britain and is married with a young daughter.
Brook isa stream.
Brook maintains down a cloud before furnish thule.
Brook makes a mental note.
Brook noises, our stomping feet, only occasional bird or cicada.
Brook plans to offer results on the same web page by the end of the year.
Brook runs through property, Hard wood and pines.
Brook runs through the property to nearby river.
Brook seems to pore fastidiously over each picked note, shaping it to near- perfect ends.
Brook stickleback can reproduce when they are one year old.
Brook stickleback have prominent mouths, large eyes and four to six spines on their backs.
Brooks are located in bridges.
Brooks are located in cities.
Brooks are located in countries.
Brooks are located in countrysides.
Brooks are located in parks.
Brooks are located in rural areas.
Brooks are streams.
Brooks are used for fish.
Brooks are used for fishing.
Brooks are used for life.
Brooks are used for water sources.
Brooks have water.
Brooks tend to be the more accessible of the two and are found in more waters than the golden here.
Brooke hides under the bed.
Brooke plays dumb.
Brooke uncovers some shady things.
Most brookie anglers know vast expanses of shallow water.
Brooks Creek is just yards from the front door, easy access to great fishing and hunting.
Brooks Island is a highly protected part of the East Bay Regional Parks District.
Brooks Island is open for limited group guided tours.
Broom corn is grown for the branches of the seed cluster, which are used to make brooms.
Broom diseases are caused by viruses.
Most broom diseases are caused by viruses.
Broom flowers are extremely toxic when ingested.
A broom is an implement
Broom isa implement.
Brooms are located in cabinets.
Brooms are located in closets.
Brooms are located in garages.
Brooms are Obsolete Now.
Brooms are shrubs.
Brooms are straw and in excellent condition.
Brooms are subject to attack by the genista worm in southern California.
Brooms are tools to sweep away evil.
Brooms are used for sweepings.
Brooms are used for sweeps.
Brooms become, handsome princes.
Brooms can become space vehicles and dust mops turn into colonial wigs.
Brooms commonly form impenetrable thickets.
Brooms have (part) broomsticks.
Brooms have (part) sections.
Brooms have bristles.
Brooms present an increased fire hazard and thus are a serious threat to homes.
Brooms serve as food sinks for the mistletoe robbing food from the rest of the tree.
Brooms tend to die back during the winter.
Many brooms can appear on one plant.
Broome students are very talented, creative and eager to help when asked.
Broomstick isa handle.
Broomsticks are part of brooms.
Most broomsticks are part of brooms.
Some broth soup contributes to fluid intake.
Some broth soup contributes to intake.
A broth is soup
Broth contains nutrients and minerals that aid healing.
Broth isa soup.
Broths are also lighter in taste and texture than stocks.
Broths are soup.
Broths are typically low in calories, protein, fat, fiber, and vitamins and most minerals.
Broths are zesty albeit a tad fatty, with the kitchen using chili powder to great advantage.
Broths have (part) sauces.
Broths have (part) sections.
Broths have flavor.
Broths make with vegetables.
Most broths have flavor.
Most broths make with vegetables.
Some broths contain bacteria.
Some broths make from herbs.
Some broths make from simmer herbs.
A brothel is a building
Brothels advertise openly.
Brothels are a much safer place for women to work at than being out on the streets.
Brothels are buildings.
Brothels are endemic.
Brothels are fine, but the best girls are hired by the escort services.
Brothels are illegal and only a few at a time operate before they get closed down by police.
Brothels are illegal in Thailand, but owners have little fear of arrest.
Brothels are in designated areas and operate only during certain hours.
Brothels are legal in some countries from Europe , for example .
Brothels are legal in some countries from Europe, for example.
Brothels are legal in Sydney and the rest of the state of New South Wales.
Brothels are likewise big business.
Brothels are very dangerous places.
Brothels can control diseases.
Brothels have Doctors checking their girls everyday.
Brothels routinely operate with police knowledge and police protection.
Many brothels also boast drug-free, safe environments for both clients and employees.
More brothel running madams have international coffee patents than French men.
Brother acts can have their share of friction.
Brother monkeys spend the afternoon racing and boozin'.
A brother is a relative
Brethren are a people of compassion.
Brethren are a people of conversation.
Brethren are a people of conviction.
Brethren are a people of covenant.
Brethren are apprehensive about studying it.
Brethren are often successful in business.
Brethren be sober-minded.
Brethren believe in social justice, trying to resolve disputes without litigation.
Brethren believe there's enough to go around.
Brethren hope to live out their faith on a personal level by daily decisions and actions.
Brethren learn the plot and plan, grow weary of it, and refuse to tolerate it longer.
Brethren listen conscientiously, seek guidance in the scriptures and work toward reconciliation.
Brethren recognize that family patterns are changing.
Brethren seem to believe that anger, in and of itself, is wrong when expressed.
Brethren there are zealous of good works, and are extending their labors into Oregon.
Brethren work locally and worldwide to help victims of war, poverty, and natural disasters.
Brother act debuts in Chicago.
Brother also have a homepage.
Brother are support organizations for women and men of color.
Brother begins to sing.
Brother Blakely has eleven children, twelve grand children, and one great grand child.
Brother Check out the computer sewing machines with professional embroidery function.
Brother clasps the hand of brother, Stepping fearless through the night.
Brother come home.
Brother come in front and starts the ministry.
Brother compare to an dollars still enter roller blade purchase.
Brother continues to sob.
Brother counts for brother the days of misfortune, but their calculations get utterly confused.
Brother creates colorful presentations.
Brother dies unexpectedly, skin rash develops.
Brother disassociates rather than face expulsion trial.
Brother engages among lots paintball.
Brother enjoys a coconut with a Philippine bishop.
Brother even has a nose, and a well-rounded one at that.
Brother finds out.
Brother gets high marks for reliable devices with low operating costs.
Brother has a few copies.
Brother has a great love for Eucharistic adoration.
Brother has a web site hither .
Brother has fat, worthless racist friend.
Brother has some copies on hand.
Brother has ss , so both parents have s allele.
Brother have throughout no gymnastics.
Brother hides behind mom.
Brother hits brother.
Brother imagine along a presence and value vw eurovan.
Brother invites proposals.
Brother is a milestone in contemporary literature.
Brother is a violent and dark film about the new Russia in which crime is the only stable business.
Brother is active in community affairs.
Brother is available to give seminars on weight loss, also.
Brother is buried in the cemetery just north of town.
Brother is complex.
Brother is governor, operative is secretary of state.
Brother is in prison.
Brother is intangible and abstract.
Brother is luminous, subtle, and eminently readable a pleasure.
Brother is pitted against brother.
Brother is so boring.
Brother is the glue that holds a family, and the book, together.
Brother is told to crack some eggs.
Brother isa relative.
Brother joins hands with brother then awkwardly pulls away and tells dad about it later.
Brother kills brother .
Brother kills nurse and doctor, is wounded by police and gets the doctor's heart.
Brother leave between an carolina panthers helmet.
Brother limps on.
Brother looks at brother in the light of affection rather than of nature.
Brother makes sure the eggs have a high calcium content by including very many pieces of shell.
Brother needs to deal with the issue.
Brother offers a healthy sample of said variety.
Brother only does odd jobs.
Brother passes on to brother.
Brother plays baseball at South Alabama and is currently a redshirt junior.
Brother refers to the husband of any woman with whom one had an adulterous affair.
Brother remark out lots eye that add ohio state poster.
Brother remark out lots eye that add seattle seahawks hat.
Brother remark out lots eye that add seattle seahawks merchandise.
Brother says nobody hears.
Brother selects one from the submissions for the student to work on.
Brother so kill it now before it into something worse.
Brother still crucifies brother - a continual nourishing of agony and violence.
Brother swear during many time magazines.
Brother tries to talk to father.
Brother wants a wagon and all kinds of fruits.
Brothers agree that a long-range plan has to be formed.
Brothers also hold captain positions on the basketball and soccer teams every year.
Brothers also owns and manages apartments for low-income seniors.
Brothers also participate in an array of sports and intramural activities.
Brothers also take part in campus activities to foster a greater sense of school spirit.
Brothers are a different situation.
Brothers are a reed that pierces the hand that leans on it.
Brothers are almost always allies, but unrelated males often form bonds with each other.
Brothers are capable of bugs.
Brothers are competitive by nature, so one tries to exceed the other.
Brothers are correct that concurrent jurisdiction exists.
Brothers are either teachers or educators.
Brothers are evil and the friends of the day unlovable.
Brothers are friends.
Brothers are full members of their communities without being ordained as priests or deacons.
Brothers are great.
Brothers are islands.
Brothers are like a sly fox trapped in a cage.
Brothers are located in families.
Brothers are located in homes.
Brothers are located in houses.
Brothers are located in seminaries.
Brothers are male animals.
Brothers are males.
Brothers are members.
Brothers are monks.
Brothers are nice to have around.
Brothers are part of families.
Brothers are Pfc.
Brothers are siblings.
Brothers are strange like that.
Brothers are the closest of all people in the village.
Brothers are then assigned houseworks based on seniority.
Brothers are used for family support.
Brothers are used for friendships.
Brothers are used for lovings.
Brothers are used for statistical testing.
Brothers attend from across the section and many friendships are developed.
Brothers become companions.
Brothers become friends quickly and help each other adjust to college life.
Brothers become operations.
Brothers become successful operations.
Brothers build bridges between and with others.
Brothers can be bad for that.
Brothers can be enemies.
Brothers can challenge each other.
Brothers can change and grow.
Brothers can compete.
Brothers can make each other feel better.
Brothers can rise above our circumstances through perseverance and determination.
Brothers can strive to be better, and to make each other better.
Brothers can take an active role in the leadership and decision making of the chapter.
Brothers Click the image to see a larger picture.
Brothers come from places.
Brothers could have sisters.
Brothers differ in temperament, cultural background, customs, abilities, gifts and specific traits.
Brothers dont shake hands brothers gotta hug.
Brothers eat sisters.
Brothers escape jail after using child labour to strip asbestos.
Brothers experience degrees.
Brothers feel emotion.
Brothers fight each other and the kingdom splits.
Brothers fight with brothers, sisters hit sisters.
Brothers find diets.
Brothers follow a similar schedule of studies in a field other than philosophy.
Brothers gather around the altar at appropriate time during closing.
Brothers gather in front of the fireplace for a family portrait.
Brothers get families.
Brothers give up the use of their family names when they join the community.
Brothers go and help the kids with homework, usually in reading and math.
Brothers go to schools.
Brothers go to the home each day to meet with their adopted grandparent.
Brothers grow up in neighborhoods.
Brothers have (part) arms.
Brothers have (part) body substances.
Brothers have (part) cell membranes.
Brothers have (part) cells.
Brothers have (part) corpi.
Brothers have (part) cytoplasm.
Brothers have (part) heads.
Brothers have (part) human bodies.
Brothers have (part) legs.
Brothers have (part) material bodies.
Brothers have (part) necks.
Brothers have (part) nuclei.
Brothers have (part) personality.
Brothers have (part) plasma membranes.
Brothers have (part) sections.
Brothers have (part) vacuoles.
Brothers have choices.
Brothers have experience.
Brothers have life.
Brothers have pulses.
Brothers have sight.
Brothers have wilderness experience.
Brothers help each other with studies, course selection, and curriculum planning.
Brothers is a noted psychologist, columnist, TV personality, author and business consultant.
Brothers is across from the liquor store.
Brothers is also about time.
Brothers kill their sisters.
Brothers leave houses.
Brothers like peace.
Brothers live apart from each other as well.
Brothers live in and hail from all parts of the world.
Brothers live in the school.
Brothers love life.
Brothers meet kids.
Brothers normally share about half their DNA on any chromosome.
Brothers now pursue their education as needed.
Brothers occasionally accompany the boys on field trips.
Brothers only care about each other if they get hurt.
Brothers oppose brothers, parents oppose children, cousins oppose other relations.
Brothers own businesses together.
Brothers perform well academically and participate actively in their classes.
Brothers play roles.
Brothers point out rules.
Brothers prepare to face-off at annual classic.
Brothers produce offspring.
Brothers provide services.
Brothers purge the sacred land of the evil that been infected it for so long.
Brothers remain active with the help of our numerous alumni chapters.
Brothers reveal truth.
Brothers serve as the greatest resource a fraternity can offer.
Brothers serve through parish ministry, health care, social work, building trades, etc.
Brothers share fathers.
Brothers shit together.
Brothers show cent growth.
Brothers show growth.
Brothers specify their individual fitness goals on the application.
Brothers starve themselves for thirty hours in the name of hunger.
Brothers take glucose tolerance tests.
Brothers take tests.
Brothers vanish in the twinkling of an eye.
Brothers visit each other's meetings, and many hold dual memberships.
Brothers wait to slap the hands of brothers they used to slap upside the head.
Brothers will have life.
Brothers will have normal life.
Brothers work for years.
Brothers often inherit widows.
Brothers usually participate in the post-novitiate program for one or two years.
All brothers are more than welcome to come by and survey their progress.
All brothers are self-taught musicians.
All brothers are welcome to attend.
All brothers are welcome to our first event.
All brothers looking to have some fun on the American River are welcome to join.
All brothers quibble.
Any Brother can propose new legislation and changes to existing policies.
Every brother contributes to the efforts of our community.
Every Brother has a sponsor sheet.
Every brother is crooked.
Every brother is involved in the scholarship program and academic success.
Many brethren are perfectionists.
Many brothers are in business together.
Many brothers are members of different churches and are involved in on-campus fellowships.
Many brothers are very active on campus as well as off campus.
Many brothers do community service on their own as well.
Many brothers donate hour upon hour of their time to benefit others.
Many brothers now have multiple computers in their room.
Many brothers receive support from extraordinary women.
Many Brothers serve as teaching assistants as well as tutors.
Most brothers become companions.
Most brothers become operations.
Most brothers become successful operations.
Most brothers come from places.
Most brothers elect to stay two or three years, or until they graduate.
Most brothers feel emotion.
Most brothers find diets.
Most brothers fondly remember their pledge term as their most exciting semester of college.
Most brothers get families.
Most brothers go to schools.
Most brothers grow up in neighborhoods.
Most brothers have choices.
Most brothers have experience.
Most brothers have life.
Most brothers have pulses.
Most brothers have sight.
Most brothers have similar tendencies as youths.
Most brothers have the same parents.
Most brothers leave houses.
Most brothers love life.
Most brothers meet kids.
Most brothers play roles.
Most brothers point out rules.
Most brothers produce offspring.
Most brothers provide services.
Most brothers reveal truth.
Most brothers share fathers.
Most brothers show cent growth.
Most brothers show growth.
Most brothers take glucose tolerance tests.
Most brothers take tests.
Most brothers think it is impossible to win custody of a child because of their life choices.
Most brothers work for years.
Some brethren prefer to use the term congregation rather than the ambiguous term 'church'.
Some brothers act as regents.
Some brothers are always aware of dirt and are able to clean well and keep things in order.
Some brothers are arrested for murder.
Some brothers are sentenced to death.
Some brothers argue life.
Some brothers arrive at houses.
Some brothers assume responsibility.
Some brothers assume thrones.
Some brothers be like that sometimes.
Some brothers buy apartment buildings.
Some brothers buy buildings.
Some brothers cause abnormalities.
Some brothers cause trouble.
Some brothers change life.
Some brothers commit suicide.
Some brothers continue education.
Some brothers create boxes.
Some brothers develop disorder.
Some brothers develop eat disorder.
Some brothers develop serious disorder.
Some brothers develop serious eat disorder.
Some brothers die from attacks.
Some brothers die from cancer.
Some brothers die from heart attacks.
Some brothers die from skin cancer.
Some brothers die in accidents.
Some brothers die in car accidents.
Some brothers die in infancies.
Some brothers die of accidents.
Some brothers die of attacks.
Some brothers die of cancer.
Some brothers die of car accidents.
Some brothers die of head injuries.
Some brothers die of heart attacks.
Some brothers die of injuries.
Some brothers discover tradition.
Some brothers drive vehicles.
Some brothers explore areas.
Some brothers fight for life.
Some brothers find sea slugs.
Some brothers find slugs.
Some brothers fly airplanes.
Some brothers fly wing airplanes.
Some brothers get business.
Some brothers get cancer.
Some brothers get films.
Some brothers get trains.
Some brothers get trucks.
Some brothers go to clinics.
Some brothers go to rivers.
Some brothers have advantage.
Some brothers have asthma.
Some brothers have bands.
Some brothers have dark purple flowers.
Some brothers have flowers.
Some brothers have have experience.
Some brothers have injuries.
Some brothers have interest.
Some brothers have opportunity.
Some brothers have purple flowers.
Some brothers have reputations.
Some brothers have severe asthma.
Some brothers have tests.
Some brothers have wives.
Some brothers join pirates.
Some brothers kill brothers.
Some brothers leave camps.
Some brothers lose brothers.
Some brothers lose eyes.
Some brothers lose life.
Some brothers lose old uncles.
Some brothers lose sons.
Some brothers lose uncles.
Some brothers love jobs.
Some brothers make attention.
Some brothers make fun.
Some brothers make trips.
Some brothers make types.
Some brothers marry women.
Some brothers meet with victims.
Some brothers move sheep.
Some brothers move to districts.
Some brothers own coffee shops.
Some brothers pass months.
Some brothers pass years.
Some brothers pick up toys.
Some brothers play basketball.
Some brothers possess bees.
Some brothers possess cats.
Some brothers possess horses.
Some brothers possess pets.
Some brothers possess ponies.
Some brothers provide examples.
Some brothers provide important skills.
Some brothers provide skills.
Some brothers push bikes.
Some brothers raise goats.
Some brothers raise hamsters.
Some brothers raise kids.
Some brothers raise pigs.
Some brothers raise turtles.
Some brothers read news.
Some brothers receive bills.
Some brothers require insulin.
Some brothers return to areas.
Some brothers ride horses.
Some brothers ride ponies.
Some brothers search for children.
Some brothers see moas.
Some brothers shoot antelopes.
Some brothers shoot rabbits.
Some brothers start diets.
Some brothers struggle with depressions.
Some brothers suffer brain injuries.
Some brothers suffer injuries.
Some brothers suffer serious brain injuries.
Some brothers suffer serious injuries.
Some brothers survive accidents.
Some brothers survive to adulthood.
Some brothers undergo chemotherapy.
Some brothers use bars.
Some Brothers use their skill in carpentry, mechanics, and agriculture.
Some brothers work as barbers.
Some brothers work as bicycle couriers.
Some brothers work as couriers.
Some brothers write brain damage.
Some brothers write damage.
Some brothers write films.
Some brothers write severe brain damage.
Some brothers write severe damage.
Brotherhood combines the concept of individualism within the framework of mutual cooperation.
Brotherhood consists of something more than a simple friendship.
Brotherhood emerges from being together for the sole purpose of enjoyment.
Brotherhood evokes awareness of cosmic consciousness and the journey of the soul.
Brotherhood is by far the most integral to a fraternity.
Brotherhood is by no means conformity.
Brotherhood is classes.
Brotherhood is important, but the ultimate fear in coming out is harassment or discrimination.
Brotherhood is kinship
Brotherhood is kinship.
Brotherhood is located in fraternity houses.
Brotherhood is many things.
Brotherhood is more than that.
Brotherhood looks best on a black background or in a table with a black background.
Brotherhood maintains a scholarship fund to help worthy students travel to Israel.
Brotherhood means cooperation.
Brotherhood means friendship.
Brotherhood means fun.
Brotherhood means reliability.
Brotherhood means respect.
Brotherhood means responsibility.
Brotherhood means selflessness.
Brotherhood means sportsmanship.
Brotherhood means trustworthiness.
Brotherhood offers comradery and the sharing of both similar and different experiences.
Brotherhood takes other forms than blood bonded.
Every brotherhood has a rush season and a pledge season.
Brotherly love is a special kind of love, going beyond love for one's neighbor.
Brotherly love is an affection which is limited to particular characters.
Brotherly love is benevolence
Brotherly love is replaced by outward politeness and vain mouthings of approved doctrine.
Brotherly love is tempered by the family relationship while charity knows no bounds.
Brotherly love keeps a colony close together.
Brotherly love manifests itself in a variety of ways.
Brotherly love ought more often to be seen.
Brotherly love overcomes all the differences.
Brotherly love requires practical grace and mercy.
Brouwerian examples show that many of the results are the best possible.
Brow albatrosses feed on fish.
A brow is a feature
Brow isa body part.
Brows are extremely refined and well shaped.
Brows are features.
Brows are heavy.
Brows are part of faces.
Brows are part of heads.
Brows can be more defined, eye color more expressive, and lip color can be darker.
Brows have (part) corpi.
Brows look younger when softly defined.
Brows smooth, mouths open, they study breathing, snaggle-toothed as sailors.
Some brows are part of faces.
Some brows are part of heads.
Some brows just have no clear shape.
A browallia is a flower
Browallia needs to be hardened off before planting outside.
Brown air turns every clean, pink lung gritty yellow.
Brown ale is a slightly darker version of the pale ales.
Brown ale is also the secret ingredient in the dough for the brick-oven pizzas.
Brown ale is stronger than mild, and often has a nutty and toasted character.
Brown ales are low-hopped, low in alcohol, malty and dark in colour, sweet in finish.
Brown ales are versatile in use, with a pleasant malty flavor, frequently tangy.
Brown algas grow in marine water.
Brown algas grow in water.
Brown algas live in shallow water.
Brown algas live in water.
Some brown algas have thin blades.
Brown algae are almost exclusively saltwater dwellers.
Brown algae are large in size and make up the bulk of aquatic plant life.
Brown algae are marine, usually present in colder waters.
Brown algae are the largest and probably most complex protists.
Brown algae are the largest protists, and are nearly all marine.
Brown algae are used in many cultures as human food, and are good sources of iodine.
Brown algae can live in deeper water than green algae, but prefer cooler temperatures.
Brown algae feeds on nitrites and nitrates.
Brown algae grows into abundant coverage, often in shallow waters.
Brown algae have thin blades with a central midrib or stipe.
Brown algae is a multicellular algae that grows primarily in salt water.
Brown algae is a problem indicator.
Brown algae is algae
Brown algae is algae.
Brown algae is almost always the first type to grow.
Brown algae is also a food source.
Brown algae is brown or yellow-brown in color and found in temperate or arctic waters.
Brown algae is eukaryotes.
Brown algae is mainly marine and have complex structures.
Brown algae is the largest type of algae.
Brown algae is toxic to marine iguanas.
Brown algae prefer low light levels.
Brown algae provide both food and shelter to many animals in the coastal marine ecosystem.
Brown algae store their energy as laminarin, a carbohydrate.
All brown algae are all multicellular.
Many brown algae appear to exhibit seasonal succession.
Many brown algae grow on rocks at the seashore .
Many brown algae grow on rocks at the seashore.
Most brown algae are found in coastal waters.
Most brown algae are multicellular.
Most brown algae grow very large.
Most brown algae have an alternation of haploid and diploid generations.
Most brown algae live in the cool waters off the temperate and sub polar areas.
Some brown algae are gathered by humans for food .
Some brown algae are gathered by humans for food.
Some brown algae are the largest, longest and most conspicuous seaweeds found on rocky ocean shores.
Some brown algae are used as fertilizer.
Brown anoles are fun to own, easy to care for, and available at great prices.
Brown anoles eat ants.
Brown anoles molt in small pieces, unlike some other reptiles , which molt in one large piece.
Brown anoles move fast.
Brown anoles range from Florida and among many islands within the Caribbean.
Brown anoles require very little space.
Brown anoles thrive in almost any habitat and are often abundant in suburban or even urban areas.
Brown anoles thrive in habitats.
Most brown anoles eat ants.
Most brown anoles thrive in habitats.
Brown areas appear on the surface and brown streaks extend internally down to the seeds.
Brown areas are land, thin magenta line is the coral reef system.
Brown arrows tour the museum from gallery to gallery.
Brown arrows tour the museum sequentially from gallery to gallery.
Brown awnings shade the windows and are stamped with the silhouettes of rabbits and frogs.
Brown bag lecture A dicussion of how to recognize and treat the many faces of allergy.
Brown bag lunches Voluntary.
Brown bag lunches welcome.
Brown bag lunches.
Brown bag seminars on a variety of subjects relative to college life and Indian life.
Brown bag seminars on job burnout and dealing with difficult people are also popular now.
Brown bags are a great way to casually pick up information about an unfamiliar topic.
Brown bags are fine.
Brown bags are informal discussions led by our own faculty and students.
Brown bags are welcome.
Brown bags welcome.
Some brown bags draw features.
Brown baggers are welcome.
Brown baggers welcome.
Some brown bandicoots have broad distribution.
Some brown bandicoots have distribution.
Some brown bandicoots have long noses.
Some brown bandicoots have noses.
A brown bat is a microbat
Brown bats are also hosts for various parasites such as fleas, bat bugs and lice.
Brown bats consume insects.
Brown bats drink the nectar from the cacti blossoms.
Brown bats form colonies.
Brown bats form nursery colonies.
Brown bats have noses.
Brown bats live in buildings or caves, and some migrate before they hibernate in winter.
Most brown bats have noses.
Some brown bats eat mosquitoes.
Some brown bats emit intense sound.
Some brown bats emit sound.
Brown beans is a classical Swedish dish, which has become less popular during recent decades.
A brown bear is a bear
Brown bear guard the beach.
Brown bear is smooth and has a mild hop character.
Brown bear use nearly all the refuge lands from mountain tops to the coast.
Brown bears are adaptable carnivores and exploit many foods.
Brown bears are animals of Alaska's coastal range and certain islands near the mainland.
Brown bears are at the top of the food chain and have no predators.
Brown bears are bears.
Brown bears are found in North America, eastern and western Europe, northern Asia and in Japan.
Brown bears are large mammals that live in cool mountain forests, meadows, and river valleys.
Brown bears are mammals.
Brown bears are more carnivorous than their smaller cousins, the black bears.
Brown bears are most common on the park's outer Pacific coast and in the upper bay.
Brown bears are omnivores.
Brown bears are omnivorous, eating a wide variety of foods.
Brown bears are plentiful on the Refuge.
Brown bears are relatively rare.
Brown bears are relatively scarce here except in the less-visited places.
Brown bears are smaller where food is less plentiful or conditions harsher.
Brown bears are solitary animals except for females with cubs.
Brown bears are the widest species in the world.
Brown bears are usual sights, along with an abundance of smaller furbearing animals.
Brown bears can be very aggressive, especially when defending their territory and food.
Brown bears can live almost anywhere in Alaska.
Brown bears come out of hibernation in the summer and like to eat berries.
Brown bears depend a great deal on salmon for food.
Brown bears dig dens for winter hibernation, often holing up in a suitable hillside.
Brown bears dig dens for winter hibernation, often holing up in a suitable-looking hillside.
Brown bears eat berries.
Brown bears eat mostly babies.
Brown bears grow from six and a half to nine feet long.
Brown bears have a distinctive hump on their shoulder and shorter noses.
Brown bears have a hump on their back.
Brown bears have a keen sense of smell, sometimes detecting odors a mile away.
Brown bears have a prominent shoulder hump of fat and muscle and a different face profile .
Brown bears have an excellent sense of smell.
Brown bears have arms.
Brown bears have claws adapted to digging rather than climbing.
Brown bears have diets.
Brown bears have difficulty digesting large quantities of tough, fibrous foods.
Brown bears have few if any natural predators, aside from humans.
Brown bears have large home ranges.
Brown bears have large ranges.
Brown bears have large snouts but small ears.
Brown bears have long, intimidating claws.
Brown bears have long, thick fur, with a moderately long mane at the back of the neck.
Brown bears have omnivorous diets.
Brown bears have powerful arms and legs with sharp claws.
Brown bears have powerful arms.
Brown bears have ranges.
Brown bears have senses.
Brown bears have the widest distribution of any bear species and occupy a wide range of habitats.
Brown bears have vary diets.
Brown bears hunt for animal prey.
Brown bears hunt for prey.
Brown bears inhabit dense forests, tundra and lower alpine mountain regions.
Brown bears kill calves and adults the entire time the bears are out of their winter dens.
Brown bears live alone, except for females accompanied by their cubs.
Brown bears live in mountains and grassy wilderness in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Brown bears live in North America, Asia, and Europe.
Brown bears live mostly across northern North America and Eurasia .
Brown bears live mostly across northern North America and Eurasia.
Brown bears love fish and are fond of salmon.
Brown bears occur in Europe, Asia, and North America from northern Arctic tundra to dry deserts.
Brown bears range in color from dark brown through light blonde.
Brown bears range in colour from almost black, brown to very light brown or blonde.
Brown bears reach their western limits in Spain .
Brown bears rely upon scent more than hearing or sight to survey their surroundings.
Brown bears tend to be solitary animals.
Brown bears tend to dig their dens in steep alpine areas.
Brown bears use habitats.
Brown bears vary greatly in size.
Brown bears wander widely for food, living solitary lives, except for mothers raising young.
Many brown bears have a noticeable hump above their shoulders.
More brown bears die from accidents and disease than from natural enemies.
Most brown bears eat berries.
Most brown bears have arms.
Most brown bears have diets.
Most brown bears have large home ranges.
Most brown bears have large ranges.
Most brown bears have omnivorous diets.
Most brown bears have powerful arms.
Most brown bears have ranges.
Most brown bears have senses.
Most brown bears use habitats.
Some brown bears are classified as concern.
Some brown bears can have white fur, but they are very rare.
Some brown bears eat bison.
Some brown bears have animal proteins.
Some brown bears have predators.
Some brown bears have proteins.
Some brown bears inhabit coasts.
Some brown bears inhabit northern coasts.
Some brown bears kill tigers.
Some brown bears reach ages.
Brown beetles are a little more likely to survive to produce offspring.
Brown beetles make sound.
Brown beetles survive to reproduce more than green beetles do.
Brown beetles use flowers.
Most brown beetles make sound.
Most brown beetles use flowers.
Brown belt is a difficult rank to hold.
Brown belts do.
Brown belts get to delegate.
Brown blotches develop on leaves and pods.
Some brown blotches appear on leaves.
Brown boards are slightly worn on edges.
Brown boards bumped on points, edge wear especially spine.
Brown bodies is autosomal recessive.
Brown boobies love to sit on navigation buoys.
Brown bread comes in a can.
Brown bread is bread
Brown bread is bread.
Brown bread is food.
Brown bread is preferable.
Brown bread makes from flour.
Brown bread slices in vegetable oil, on both sides over medium heat.
Most brown bread makes from flour.
Some brown breads are part whole wheat and part enriched flour with caramel coloring added.
A brown bullhead is a bullhead catfish
Brown bullheads are abundant in the lake now.
Brown bullheads are delicious to eat and a favorite of many.
Brown bushbabies communicate territory by scent marking.
Brown bushbabies sleep in tree hollows or tangles of vines during the day.
Brown butt ends.
A brown butter is a butter
Brown butter refers to butter cooked gently to a light hazelnut color.
Brown buttons indicate a sub-menu for running an application.
Brown canker appears as light brown lesions with deep purple margins.
Brown canker causes cankers with light chestnut brown centers and deep purple margins.
Brown cankers form on the stem.
Brown capsules follow the flowers, which bloom all year, and are filled with tiny seeds.
Brown case has very minor soiling and edgewear.
Brown chicken breasts lightly in hot oil to retain juices.
Brown children are that much more removed from the top of the list of children to save.
Brown City has two gas stations, two pizza places, two flower shops, and two sit-down restaurants.
Brown City is located in the thumb of the mitten.
Brown cloth cover slightly soiled.
Brown cloth covers with gilt lettering and decoration.
Brown cloth covers.
Brown coal contains more moisture and less energy per kilogram than more mature coals.
Brown coal is a compacted mass of plant remains.
Brown coal is a humate
Brown coal is a second tier fuel that produces significant amounts of smoke.
Brown coal is burned in open fireplaces for heating and cooking.
Brown coal is coal
Brown coal is fired at most fossil power plants.
Brown coal is mined only in Victoria where it is used predominantly for electricity generation.
Brown cockroaches invade attics.
Most brown cockroaches invade attics.
Brown coir is used in brushes, doormats, mattresses and sacking.
Brown color shows distribution.
Brown color shows native distribution.
Brown colors are due to flavones, and more often to tannins in the cell walls.
Brown colors come from tannin, a bitter waste product.
Most brown color shows distribution.
Brown coloration comes from pigment.
Most brown coloration comes from pigment.
Brown conkers are good for fighting.
Brown County anticipates the potential of numerous positions due to construction of the new jail.
Brown County boasts Indiana's largest horseman campground.
Brown County has hundreds of overnight accommodations for tourists and conference participants.
Brown County is also a cheap place to have a heap that pollutes the air.
Brown County is classified as rural.
Brown County is located in central Texas.
Brown County is located in southern Minnesota.
Brown County is no exception.
Brown County is still sparsely populated.
Brown County is unique in many ways, but similar in others.
Brown County offers so much, both for the novice and the experienced rider.
Brown County offers world-class entertainment.
Brown County reports one of the lowest poverty rates in the state.
Brown courses are the equivalent of four semester hours or six quarter hours.
Brown cows are still cattle, but now they have a set of their own.
Brown Creek has the first powder coat operation of any of the state's prison industries.
Brown Creek is a major tributary that crosses the wildlife refuge.
Brown Creek is a medium security prison for adult males.
A brown creeper is a bird
Brown creepers are tiny birds that look like a piece of bark from a few feet away.
Brown creepers breed across a huge range extending from Alaska and Newfoundland south to Nicaragua.
Brown creepers breed once per year and raise one brood per breeding season.
Brown creepers eat insects that are pests to some humans.
Brown creepers fly only short distances between tree trunks.
Brown creepers live in coniferous forests and forests of mixed coniferous and deciduous trees.
Brown creepers move up along the trunk, sometimes going in circles around it.
Brown creepers search for food on tree trunks and branches.
Most brown creepers are year-round residents.
Brown deer weigh kgs.
Brown diamonds are the most common color variety of natural diamonds .
Brown dippers go in the water even in the winter to look for aquatic insects.
Brown dirt meets green grass, very green grass.
Brown dog tick engorgement sequence.
Brown dogs have nose pigment in harmony with coat color.
Brown dots are a sign of spider mite attack on young growth.
Brown dots show the beginning of the roots.
Brown dough circles on each side and drain on paper towels.
Brown duck breasts on both sides.
Brown dwarfs are astronomical objects.
Brown dwarfs are a horse of a different color.
Brown dwarfs are a newly discovered type of object, which are midway between stars and planets.
Brown dwarfs are a. stars surrounded by huge circumstellar disks.
Brown dwarfs are failed stars somewhere in mass between a large planet and a small star.
Brown dwarfs are failed stars with masses in between that of Jupiter-like planets and normal stars.
Brown dwarfs are important in another way.
Brown dwarfs are intriguing objects, intermediate between stars and planets.
Brown dwarfs are more massive than planets but less massive than stars.
Brown dwarfs are objects intermediate between stars and planets.
Brown dwarfs are objects of sub-stellar mass made of highly compressed hydrogen and helium.
Brown dwarfs are objects that form like stars but that, like planets, lack sufficient mass to shine.
Brown dwarfs are really large planets like Jupiter.
Brown dwarfs are relatively small objects that shine faintly, mostly in infrared light.
Brown dwarfs are small, dim stars barely larger than the largest gas giant planets.
Brown dwarfs are somewhere in-between stars and planets.
Brown dwarfs are star wannabes.
Brown dwarfs are stars too puny to create energy in their core by fusing hydrogen into helium .
Brown dwarfs are substellar-sized bodies thought to be intermediate between stars and planets.
Brown dwarfs are the dimmest objects in the image.
Brown dwarfs are the ill-defined middle ground between planets and stars.
Brown dwarfs can emit light that looks reddish from Earth if it is veiled by a dusty cloud.
Brown dwarfs emits no light or heat.
Brown dwarfs have masses greater than planets, but less than stars.
Brown dwarfs have too little mass to sustain significant nuclear reactions in their cores.
Brown dwarfs present a number of challenges, most notably their very cool atmospheres.
Brown dye is rubbed on the feta'aki, which is then covered with glue.
Brown dye uses red and blue in the mix to get the brown color.
Brown edges are usually from a buildup of salts in the soil or a reaction to fluoride in the water.
Brown edges mean too cool a temperature.
Brown eggs are laid by a different breed of hen than white eggs, that's all.
Brown eggs are lower in cholesterol than the common white egg.
Brown eggs are more nutritious than white eggs.
Brown eggs are usually more expensive because the hens are bigger and consume more food.
Brown eggs come from red feathered hens with red ear lobes.
Brown eggs take on a dull almost greenish hue when exposed to bright light for any length of time.
Brown executive recalls.
Brown eyes are a much-admired rarity in our culture.
Brown eyes are dominant to blue eyes.
Brown eyes is a trait.
Brown eyes is dominant over blue eyes.
Brown eyes replace the euro-centric blue.
Brown eyes watch, foreheads wrinkle Ridged clowns bring sunshine.
Brown eyebrows are present.
Brown fat burns off much more slowly and is denser.
Brown fat is also rich in mitochondria.
Brown fat is present in human infants and hibernating animals.
Brown fat specializes in the burning of fat for heat energy.
Brown feathers have centers.
Most brown feathers have centers.
Brown finish is available at no extra charge.
Brown fluid means that there was some bleeding or the baby had a bowel movement inside.
Brown foam vanishes miraculously from the simmering surface at the fourth boil.
Brown gems promote stability, ease the fear of being alone and stabilise the emotions.
Brown geologist finds evidence supporting ancient ocean on Mars.
Brown glass is a bad sign.
Brown goods are all essentially entertainment products.
Brown grass is a symptom.
Brown grease contains beef and mutton fats as well as hog fats.
Brown grounds show whiskers of new grass.
Brown hair is supposed to be purple but see the excerpt from the readme.
Brown hair is woven and set around the ring shank.
Brown hair predominates on both continents.
Brown hair wiv red and blonde streaks in.
Brown hares are herbivores and feed on young broadleaved plants, crops, berries, fungi and roots.
Brown hares are most abundant in arable farmland areas which cultivate cereal crops.
Brown hares are predominantly nocturnal but can be moderately active by day.
Brown hares change behavior.
Brown hares have heads.
Brown hares reach full maturity.
Brown hares reach full sexual maturity.
Brown hares reach maturity.
Brown hares reach sexual maturity.
Most brown hares change behavior.
Most brown hares have heads.
Most brown hares reach full maturity.
Most brown hares reach full sexual maturity.
Most brown hares reach maturity.
Most brown hares reach sexual maturity.
Brown hats are so cool.
Brown house moths have complete metamorphosis.
Brown house moths have metamorphosis.
Some brown howlers eat flowers.
Brown hues portray sparsely vegetated land s and deserts.
Brown hyenas adapt to environments.
Brown hyenas have long, shaggy hair compared to other species.
Brown hyenas live in small family groups.
Brown hyenas occupy ranges.
Most brown hyenas adapt to environments.
Most brown hyenas occupy ranges.
Brown indigos are simply sort of yucky looking.
Brown ink is made from the soot of rape seed oil.
Brown ink is produced from the soot of rapeseed oil.
Brown ink signifies a quotation from a manuscript, other text in grey signifying modern commentary.
Brown irises have pigment.
Brown kiwi are known to eat bracket fungi and frogs.
A brown lacewing is an insect
Brown lacewings are somewhat smaller than green lacewings.
Brown lacewings have brown eyes and wings.
Brown larva is partly epistatic over stripe which is limited to one segment.
Brown leather handle with gold spiral wrap, gold guard and pommel.
Brown leaves are symptomatic of various fungal and root rot diseases.
Brown leaves are the result of the leaf drying out and withering.
A brown lemming is a lemming
Brown lemmings eat only live plant parts.
Brown lemmings inhabit open tundra areas.
Brown lemur Appears briefly as another example of a lemur that uses vocal signals.
Brown lemurs move through the canopy quadrupedally and by leaping.
Brown lentils are rich and earthy and disintegrate a bit during cooking to create a thick broth.
Brown lesions appear randomly on the glumes and awns.
Brown lesions develop, with the flower centers discoloring first.
Brown library has electronic section.
Brown lines are major roads and highways.
Brown lines represent known faults or other geologic features.
Brown lines represent known hazardous faults or fault zones.
Brown linen is a specialty.
Brown lizards consume diets.
Brown lockers is the Italian world.
Brown lovers tend to be warm and deep, sensitive to the needs and desires of their partners.
Brown lovers tend to be warm and deep.
Brown markings are a serious fault.
Brown material is the background for beautiful pink, green, and tangerine silk embroidery.
Brown material is the background for beautiful white, rasberry, purple, and yellow embroidery.
Brown materials are things like leaves, shredded paper and dried up plant cuttings.
Brown materials have a high carbon content, but little nitrogen.
Brown materials tend to be dry, therefore, it is beneficial to add water when adding browns.
Brown meat balls in oil and drain.
Brown mites feed only during the cool parts of the day, and migrate off the leaves during midday.
Brown mold feeds on warmth, drawing heat from anything around it.
Brown moths have bronze wings.
Brown moths have complete metamorphosis.
Brown moths have golden wings.
Brown moths have metamorphosis.
Brown moths have wings.
Most brown moths have bronze wings.
Most brown moths have complete metamorphosis.
Most brown moths have golden wings.
Most brown moths have metamorphosis.
Most brown moths have wings.
Some brown moths destroy bushes.
Some brown moths destroy gooseberry bushes.
Some brown mushrooms grow at bases.
Some brown mushrooms grow on decay wood.
Some brown mushrooms grow on wood.
Brown mustard goes into the French types.
Brown mustard has limited uses in hot, spicy table mustards.
Brown mustard has taste.
Brown nails sit firmly in their jars.
Brown noise is a result of cumulatively adding white noise.
Brown ones are second-level categories.
Brown onions slices in margarine or butter.
Brown outs are frequent but pose no major problem as most resorts and restaurants have generators.
Brown paper is converted into sturdy corrugated containers and bags .
Brown paper is converted into sturdy corrugated containers and paper bags .
Brown paper yields the crispiest treasure.
Brown patch can be a very difficult problem to control.
Brown patch creates a slowly enlarging weak or dying spot in the lawn.
Brown patch factors Several factors can make grasses more susceptible to brown patch.
Brown patch forms very irregularly shaped legions, with reddish brown margins.
Brown patch has a slimy appearance when it infects perennial ryegrass.
Brown patch is easier to diagnose in the field than in the lab.
Brown patch is one of the most prevalent lawn diseases during the spring or fall season.
Brown patch is the most common and important disease of tall fescue in the Southeast.
Brown patch is the most serious and frequently occurring disease of tall fescue.
Brown patch occurs primarily during the summer.
Brown patch thrives in grass that is overfertilized with nitrogen.
Brown patches appear in the field and can rapidly increase in size.
Brown patches appear on the leaves, especially on the tips and the edges.
Brown pelicans are active only during the day.
Brown pelicans are birds.
Brown pelicans are carnivores that mostly eat fish.
Brown pelicans are carnivores, primarily feeding on fish but also small marine invertebrates.
Brown pelicans are dark and bulky.
Brown pelicans are diurnal, although they have been observed foraging at night during full moons.
Brown pelicans are frequent users of the refuge.
Brown pelicans are likely to feed and roost together.
Brown pelicans are pelicans.
Brown pelicans are seasonally monogamous and nest in irregular patterns.
Brown pelicans are the most graceful gliders on the slough, but the clumsiest fishers around.
Brown pelicans are the only pelicans that dive out of the air to get their food.
Brown pelicans are the smallest pelicans.
Brown pelicans breed in the United States from Maryland down to and around to Texas.
Brown pelicans can remain in flight for many hours at a time using slow, powerful wing beats.
Brown pelicans circle offshore, then suddenly dive beak-first in the hopes of spearing fish.
Brown pelicans communicate through their behavior, making noises, by touch, and by chemical signals.
Brown pelicans dive from the air for fish.
Brown pelicans dive from the air into water.
Brown pelicans dive into water.
Brown pelicans eat large amounts of small fish that are important to fishermen.
Brown pelicans fold necks.
Brown pelicans form a mating pair each season.
Brown pelicans get better at hunting as they get older.
Brown pelicans get parasites on their skin and feathers as well as inside their bodies.
Brown pelicans hang around boat docks, eager to feast on leftovers at fish-cleaning stations.
Brown pelicans have a large body and a long bill.
Brown pelicans have a long lifespan.
Brown pelicans have dark wings and undersides, but white heads and necks.
Brown pelicans have extremely keen eyesight.
Brown pelicans have few natural enemies.
Brown pelicans have ranges.
Brown pelicans inhabit coastal regions of the United States.
Brown pelicans make homes in habitats such as mangrove swamps but they also prefer freshwater lakes.
Brown pelicans nest in colonies mostly on small coastal islands.
Brown pelicans nest in colonies.
Brown pelicans nest in large colonies on the ground, in bushes or in the tops of trees.
Brown pelicans nest in large colonies on the ground, in bushes, or in the tops of trees.
Brown pelicans patrol the surface of the bay, diving to catch their prey.
Brown pelicans roost in pine trees, blinking rather than flying, as the boat floats past.
Brown pelicans use bills.
Most brown pelicans dive into water.
Most brown pelicans fold necks.
Most brown pelicans have ranges.
Most brown pelicans nest in colonies.
Most brown pelicans use bills.
Some brown pelicans have predators.
Some brown pelicans inhabit beaches.
Brown permits are available only to South Forty residents.
Brown permits are never valid in blue zones.
Brown pigment is used by artists.
Most brown pigment is used by artists.
Brown pine is a coniferous tree
Brown pine nuts lightly in cup butter.
Brown porter is lighter, with lower malt sweetness and no strong roast character.
Brown porters are lighter in color and scaled down in the other characteristics as well.
Brown professors use the technology to confer with colleagues around the world.
Brown pustules form on the undersides of leaves.
Brown rankers differ from brown forest soils by their lack of a B horizon and their shallowness.
A brown rat is a rat
Brown rats are capable of producing ultrasonic vocalizations.
Brown rats live in climates.
Brown rats live in colonies.
Brown rats live in small colonies.
Brown rats live in temperate climates.
Brown rats tend to live under floors, within walls, in piles of garbage or in the ground.
Most brown rats live in climates.
Most brown rats live in colonies.
Most brown rats live in small colonies.
Most brown rats live in temperate climates.
Some brown rats survive in areas.
Brown recluses are very good at survival .
Brown recluses are very good at survival.
Some brown recluses can go for five seasons with no food or water .
Some brown recluses can go for five seasons with no food or water.
Brown report says.
Brown residents park in the parking structure.
Brown ribbons fall in loops from the flower.
Brown rice comes with most dishes.
Brown rice consists mainly of the embryo and endosperm.
Brown rice contains naturally occurring rice bran oil.
Brown rice contains slightly more nutrients than white rice, as the following comparison shows.
Brown rice does retain the grain's bran, which gives it a nutty flavor and texture.
Brown rice has a mild nutty flavor.
Brown rice has a pleasant nutty flavor and a firmer texture.
Brown rice has a shorter shelf life because of the oil in the bran layer.
Brown rice has five times more Vitamin E and three times more magnesium.
Brown rice has only the outer hull removed.
Brown rice is a snap to make in the microwave.
Brown rice is a whole food.
Brown rice is a whole grain.
Brown rice is available in long, medium and short grain.
Brown rice is better than white rice.
Brown rice is brown.
Brown rice is dehulled whole grain, has more vitamins and oil than polished white rice.
Brown rice is excellent, as is barley and bulgur wheat.
Brown rice is good, sure, but only in combination with a balanced diet.
Brown rice is higher in fiber than refined white rice.
Brown rice is made up of the whole kernel and is one of the most nutritious forms of rice.
Brown rice is more nutritious than white rice.
Brown rice is packaged and sold.
Brown rice is recommended by health advocates as a means of vitamins and minerals.
Brown rice is rice that has only had the outer layer removed.
Brown rice is rice
Brown rice is rice.
Brown rice is rich in methionine, which is needed to make free-radical fighting enzymes.
Brown rice is the entire grain with only the inedible outer husk removed.
Brown rice is the least processed form of rice.
Brown rice is the only whole-grain rice.
Brown rice is the overwhelming winner.
Brown rice is the quintessential natural food.
Brown rice is the unpolished rice left over after the kernels have been removed.
Brown rice is unmilled, with the hull removed.
Brown rice is versatile and is available in many delicious varieties and blends.
Brown rice is very nutritious although it takes a while to cook and can be rather bland.
Brown rice requires longer cooking than either parboiled or regular milled white rice.
Brown rice requires longer cooking than either parboiled or regular-milled white rice.
Brown rice takes one and one half to two times longer to cook than white rice.
Most brown rice is grown by farmers selling to mills that mainly make white rice out of it.
Brown ring is formed.
Brown rockfish are a common nearshore rockfish species in California.
Brown rods are whole notes.
A brown rot is a plant disease
Brown rot can be just as damaging to cherries, nectarines and other stone fruits.
Brown rot can cause loss of structural integrity even before the rot is visible.
Brown rot can destroy both buds and blossoms on many fruit trees.
Brown rot is easier to control if inoculum levels are low.
Brown rot is more common now in orchards with minimal spray programs.
Brown rots are plant diseases.
Brown rots cause affected wood to become dark, firm and chunky.
Brown rots have a shrunken cubical appearance.
Brown rots occurs mostly in gymnosperms and in wood products.
Brown rouge is a step between black and white.
Brown rows indicate full classes.
Brown sausage links in a skillet.
Brown sausage slices in skillet.
Brown scale leave behind honeydew, a sticky, undigested sap.
Brown scales cover the outside of the white root.
Brown seaweed contains iodine.
Brown seaweed has a number of anti-carcinogenic properties, as do pau d'arco and cat's claw.
Brown seaweed knows as kelp.
Most brown seaweed contains iodine.
Most brown seaweed knows as kelp.
Brown seeds are mature.
Some brown seed is called yellow in old garden books if the brown is a light shade.
Brown shale contains salt.
Most brown shale contains salt.
Brown Shark are here in quantity.
Brown shoes continue to muster widespread support from the youth.
Brown shrimp are more likely to taste of iodine, a naturally occurring mineral in seafood.
Brown silks are present on many corn plants.
Some brown skin surrounds eyes.
Brown snakes are common in Iowa.
Brown snakes are somewhat uncommon on the Savannah River Site.
Brown snakes are typically harmless nonvenemous snakes.
Brown snakes cause more deaths in Australia than any other snake.
Brown snakes eat earthworms, slugs and softbodied insects.
Brown snakes emerge from hibernation after the ground thaws in the spring.
Brown snakes feed on earthworms, slugs and salamanders.
Brown snakes hibernate in rock crevices, road embankments, and in bridges.
Brown snakes hide under rocks, logs, and other cover.
Some brown snakes cause extinction.
Brown soil is a combination of red and grey soils which can be good and is some cases very good.
Brown soils are the second largest group.
Brown spiders have structures.
Brown spiders occur in regions.
Most brown spiders have structures.
Most brown spiders occur in regions.
Some brown spiders bite humans.
Some brown spiders have reputations.
Brown spores are released from the pores on the underside of the fruiting body.
Brown spot does occur on slash and loblolly, but is most serious on longleaf pine.
Brown spot is a common disease which occurs frequently on young plants.
Brown spot is more common in areas of high rainfall and low fertility.
Brown spot is pretty bad in much of the field.
Brown spots appear along the margin and base of the leaves.
Brown spots appear on foliage and reduce plant vigor.
Brown spots appear on hands and face and the skin becomes thinner and less elastic.
Brown spots appear on the hands and face, and the skin becomes thin.
Brown spots are indications that a flag has been scorched.
Brown spots are the result of either scale or being kept too cold.
Brown spots depict muddy water in channel potholes.
Brown spots develop interveinally on the under surface of the leaves.
Brown spots develop on flowers.
Brown spots develop on potato skins, the flesh becomes soft and mushy and turns pink when cut.
Brown spots develop on the flower petals.
Brown spots fleck the flanks and belly.
Brown spots form from oxidized hop resins.
Brown spots indicate that the asparagus has been improperly chilled.
Brown spots mean that there is very little live in it left.
Brown spots result from dog's urinating on the lawn.
Some brown spots appear on faces.
Brown stains are common in toilets.
Brown stains are widespread and teeth often present a corroded-like appearance.
Brown stem rot resistance in soybean germ plasm from central China.
Brown stem rot resistance in soybean germplasm from northern China.
Brown stem rot resistant varieties have been developed.
Brown streaks develop in the roots on the side of the tree where branches first begin to wilt.
Brown streaks develop inside stems and appear when stem is cut.
Brown streaks develop under the bark in the sapwood of infected branches.
Some brown stripes extend from corners.
Some brown stripes extend from edges.
Some brown stripes extend from shoulders.
Some brown stripes run down centers.
Brown students are a dream crowd.
Brown students are exceptional, but nonetheless still human.
Brown students are typically very busy people.
Brown students play an important role in the research program.
Brown students seem more interested in talking than listening.
Brown students tend to be very idealistic and hopeful.
Brown students work as part of their research teams.
Most Brown students agree.
Most Brown students spend time studying in the library.
Brown sugar Begin by laying lemon slices in bottom of pan, followed by onion slices.
Brown sugar chicks.
Brown sugar contains moisture and hardens when exposed to air.
Brown sugar darkens the light fruits and gives a pronounced flavor to bland fruits.
Brown sugar gives it a dark colour.
Brown sugar has the tendency to lump and become hard.
Brown sugar is a less processed sugar than white sugar.
Brown sugar is a mixture of granulated sugar and molasses.
Brown sugar is also a favorite ingredient.
Brown sugar is also a product created in the refinery.
Brown sugar is basically refined sugar with added molasses.
Brown sugar is basically white sugar colored with a little molasses.
Brown sugar is made by adding molasses to white sugar.
Brown sugar is made by retaining much of the molasses during processing.
Brown sugar is made by spraying refined sugar with molasses.
Brown sugar is made by taking white sugar and stirring in either molasses or caramel coloring.
Brown sugar is only slightly higher in nutritional value than white sugar.
Brown sugar is produced by mixing granulated white sugar with molasses .
Brown sugar is simply sucrose with the addition of molasses and slightly lower caloric value.
Brown sugar is simply white sugar with a bit of fancy molasses to give texture and color.
Brown sugar is sucrose, just like white sugar.
Brown sugar is sugar
Brown sugar is sugar.
Brown sugar is usually available in light or dark varieties.
Brown sugar is usually white sugar mixed with molasses or sprayed with caramel coloring.
Brown sugar is white sugar combined with molasses, which gives it a soft texture.
Brown sugar is white sugar flavored with molasses.
Brown sugar makes a moist cake that keeps well.
Brown sugar makes a sweeter, caramelized meringue, which is a perfect match for the zesty filling.
Brown sugar results from mixing white sugar crystals with molasses.
Brown sugar tends to clump because it contains more moisture than while granulated sugar.
Brown sugar tends to clump because it contains more moisture than white granulated sugar.
Brown sugar works fine.
Most brown sugar is simply molasses added to white sugar.
Brown syndrome is an unusual variety of strabismus.
Brown teff makes a rich breakfast porridge.
A brown thrasher is a bird
Brown thrashers are very good parents.
Brown tide is a bloom of marine microalgae, or phytoplankton.
Brown tide kills by rapid growth that can disrupt entire estuarine communities.
Some brown tides are also directly poisonous.
Brown tissue means that portion of the stem is dead.
Brown tones enhance depth perception.
Brown top is reversible for light or dark finish.
A brown trout is a trout
Brown trout are active both by day and by night and are opportunistic feeders.
Brown trout are also the only fish ever to rest on the stream bottom.
Brown trout are an exception.
Brown trout are common here, but sea trout and occasional salmon are spotted here too.
Brown trout are far less aggressive than bows.
Brown trout are generally faster growing and longer lived than brook trout.
Brown trout are highly resistant, but often are carriers of the disease.
Brown trout are highly territorial, aggressive during spawning and sometimes make migration.
Brown trout are more tolerant of warm water temperatures than Idaho's native trout species.
Brown trout are much more wary than rainbows and are usually far harder to catch.
Brown trout are native to Europe and evolved with whirling disease.
Brown trout are native to Europe, Western Asia, and North Africa.
Brown trout are olive to dark brown with rust red spots on top and yellow to white below.
Brown trout are one of the most genetically diverse vertebrates known.
Brown trout are opportunists.
Brown trout are particularly well known for their selectivity.
Brown trout are predominant with rainbows and cutthroat as well.
Brown trout are reasonably distinct and easy to identify.
Brown trout are regular catches and outstanding steelhead action is waiting offshore.
Brown trout are slightly more tolerant of high water temperatures than other trout.
Brown trout are stock all along is pathway.
Brown trout are the most abundant with rainbow trout also present.
Brown trout are the most common of all southeastern Minnesota trout.
Brown trout are the most widely distributed species of fish within the assessment area.
Brown trout are the quarry.
Brown trout are trophy size.
Brown trout are usually wild, rainbow and brook trout are stocked.
Brown trout are very competitive and tend to crowd out other fish, including other trout.
Brown trout can be hard to source as it is farmed on a very small scale but it is worth the trouble.
Brown trout can often cope with such extremes of water flow.
Brown trout can withstand heavy fishing pressure better than other New York trout.
Brown trout caught on fly are less likely to die after release than trout caught on bait.
Brown trout eat a great variety of food as do the other trout.
Brown trout eat rainbow trout.
Brown trout follow the spawning rainbows and pick off stray eggs.
Brown trout have a square tail with large spots on their backs and sides.
Brown trout is but one species kept at Saratoga.
Brown trout prefer cool, high gradient streams and cold lakes.
Brown trout prevail in the middle reaches.
Brown trout require well-oxygenated, cold water.
Brown trouts are trouts.
Brown trouts seem to be prowling in shallower depths.
Some brown trouts have tolerance.
Brown tumors appear as single or multiple well marginated lesions often located within the hands.
Brown type indicates a link.
Brown undergraduates are exceptionally bright, active learners, and are fun to teach.
Brown urges caution generally in corporate engagement.
Most Brown volunteers spend four hours a week in a classroom helping teachers.
Brown watchband has some wear and there is some wear to the face of the watch.
Brown water can result from bogs draining into a lake.
Brown water is indicative of coastal, inland or river trade.
Brown water occurs when normal sediments in the water lines become agitated.
Brown wheat mites feed on plant sap during the day and spend the night in the soil.
Some brown whiskers cover ears.
Brown wire is ground wire Blue wires represent the black and white wires.
Brown wood handle with brass guard and wheel pommel.
Brown wood handle with brass hilt and hawk head pommel.
Brown is color
Brown is color.
Brown is colour.
Brown is ore.
Brown reviews Texas.
Brown takes care of business.
Browns also grow faster and larger.
Browns appear in dark mahogany to blonde.
Browns are a very diverse beer.
Browns are better than blues.
Browns are bigger than grizzlies thanks to their rich diet of fish.
Browns are carbon rich and are usually dry.
Browns are dry materials such as wood chips, dried leaves, dried grass and other plants.
Browns are dry materials such as wood chips, dried leaves, dried grass, and other plants.
Browns are dry materials such as wood chips, dried leaves, grass and other plants.
Browns are eminent as the climate is hot, and dry.
Browns are firm, though somewhat bland, and sometimes have a hint of iodine.
Browns are for heterosexual males.
Browns are great problem solvers.
Browns are high in carbon and provide the energy source for microorganisms.
Browns are low intensity reds.
Browns are more prevalent.
Browns are more resistant to the disease and their progeny are vital to maintaining wild trout.
Browns are primarily concerned about price.
Browns are rich like a good cigar.
Browns are slightly oxidized and greens a mixture of blue and yellow.
Browns are subtle.
Browns are such things as straw, wood chips, autumn leaves and sawdust.
Browns are wonderful.
Browns bring rooms together, yet stay in the background.
Browns can grow to huge sizes.
Browns commonly feed on mayfly and caddisfly nymphs, grasshoppers, worms, crayfish and minnows.
Browns dominate the river.
Browns has a more traditional English menu.
Browns have dark whiskers under the chin, and yellow bullheads lack coloration in their whiskers.
Browns have two extra days rest.
Browns is bright and fun, always filled with bustle and attracts a varied crowd.
Browns make some nice reasonably priced dessert wines.
Browns predominate in the lower portion, while brookies are found primarily upstream.
Browns seem to be podded in tight groups and are willing to eat.
Browns still patrol the thin water near shore.
Browns symbolize down to earth features.
Browns tend to be more reclusive and respond less readily to most conventional angling methods.
Browns truly endeavour to offer a high quality of choice and personal customer service.
Browns usually don t like a spoon that's spinning.
Browns usually remain invisible until sun is off the water.
Most browns watch inside hollow, double stretch enter any different science against an beggar.
Brownfield redevelopment integrates economic development and environmental clean-up.
Many brownfield sites become public property through involuntary tax foreclosure or other processes.
Many brownfield sites present additional obstacles that can hinder development.
Brownian motion Demonstrates Brownian movement as well as a gamma process in zoomable graphs.
Brownian motion is a powerful tool for interim analyses and it is easy to learn.
Brownian motion is also a consequence of their rapid movement.
Brownian motion is applied to each particle to simulate random drift.
Brownian motion is surely the most important continuous time stochastic process.
Brownian motion is the constant, random movement of molecules suspended in a fluid.
Brownian motion is the random movement of fluid particles.
Brownian motion is the random movement of small particles as viewed through the microscope.
Brownian motion moves the enclosures in the droplet, and the enclosures tend to agglomerate.
Brownian movement has such unmistakable characteristics.
Brownian movement is familiar to all microscopists.
Brownian movement is movement.
Brownian movements are displayed by such things as particles of dyes suspended in water etc.
Brownie points go to buttons sewn on securely.
Brownie is a biscuit
Brownie is cookies.
Brownie is dessert.
Brownie is dogs.
Brownie is girl scouts.
Brownie is inanimate objects.
Brownie isa cake.
Brownie points for anyone who can pronouce it.
Brownies are a delicious treat and can be made in five easy steps.
Brownies are a dense bar cookie that cooks well in the microwave.
Brownies are a standard because they travel so well.
Brownies are a wonderful tool, to be sure.
Brownies are domestic faeries, offering aid to mortals who are churning butter or grinding meal.
Brownies are easy to make and widely liked, so they're a natural choice for something like that.
Brownies are easy to make from scratch and are available in a world of premix packages.
Brownies are great bribery.
Brownies are helpful little men with brownish skin and brown clothing.
Brownies are legendary Scottish creatures that appear at night to assist people with their chores.
Brownies are perhaps the most forgiving of all treats.
Brownies are rich and moist when made with our fudge sauces.
Brownies attend day camp.
Brownies can help measure, mix and take turns shaking.
Brownies can wear a tunic instead of the skirt.
Brownies come out at night to finish workthat's been left unfinished.
Brownies does a great job in recruiting some of the premiere cover bands of the Philadelphia Region.
Brownies earn a sports and games Try-It.
Brownies freeze great for up to two months.
Brownies have small, flat faces with pinhole nostrils and are known to be quite hairy.
Brownies is fun.
Brownies learn to be honest, fair, and helpful.
Brownies participate in tree planting.
Brownies play games, make things, have fun outdoors, keep fit, help others.
Brownies pull away from the edges of the pan when done.
Brownies tend to be 'fudgy.
Brownies tour the sun, moon, and stars.
Browning pistols are readily available in S Korea.
Browning also glamorizes crime using suave characters and attractive leads.
Browning also has the background for the job.
Browning also operates a commercial mink ranch that is profitable.
Browning anticipates the emergence of modern primitivism.
Browning causes the proteins in the chicken.
Browning covers the school beat for three school districts as well as community news.
Browning discusses the influence of having a website for political candidates.
Browning encases both the front and back of the main locking system with steel.
Browning explores how the pastor can teach the whole congregation through the sacraments.
Browning favors three quarter length shots.
Browning goes beyond the usual accompanist.
Browning gradually extends to the entire frond giving it a dried out appearance.
Browning has a different memory of the event.
Browning has a full calendar after next week.
Browning has some outstanding questions regarding the technology.
Browning has two types of choke systems.
Browning helps fire departments identify public and private funding sources to meet their needs.
Browning includes two action scenes in the film, one toward the beginning, and one at the end.
Browning indicates oxidation or a lot of age.
Browning insists the touch screens are cheaper in the long run.
Browning involves the enzyme polyphenol oxidase and can be suppressed by using sulphites.
Browning is a freelance writer and has written extensively about West Virginia tourism attractions.
Browning is a junior majoring in Human Kinetics.
Browning is a political science major.
Browning is a process of purposefully rusting an item as a means of preventing further rust.
Browning is a trial attorney representing clients in state and federal courts.
Browning is acceptable, but there can be no brittleness in paper.
Browning is among the last of the first generation hunting games.
Browning is an equal opportunity employer.
Browning is co-owner of an apple orchard in Kentucky.
Browning is one of the most fascinating figures in the annals of filmmaking.
Browning is only a sign that the outer shell has been exposed to air.
Browning is our first sail-in of the year.
Browning is proud of the generosity of our students.
Browning is the first man to complete a quadruple jump in world competition.
Browning is the main town on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, which is in northern Montana.
Browning lenses the proceedings with love more than morbid curiosity.
Browning manages two enterprise-wide leadership development programs.
Browning now paints with acrylics.
Browning pokes a LOT of fun at the Bishop in the poem.
Browning progresses upward from the lower ferns as conditions favor spread of the disease.
Browning requires a higher temperature.
Browning says it is.
Browning says that was pretty much the norm.
Browning says the early farmers had no knowledge of the crops and no rainfall records.
Browning See our previous weekly thoughts.
Browning sets the standard for quality knives in the industry.
Browning spreads to other petals.
Browning starts at the leaf tip and progresses toward the stem.
Browning starts with the title.
Browning still resides in Florida.
Browning suggests that new technologies require a shift in regulation.
Browning takes readers from the present to the past and soaring ahead to the future.
Browning touches upon some intriguing areas of consideration.
Browning understands what the clay shooter needs and wants from clothing to accessories.
Browning uses almost no camera movement.
Browning works many and comp lex variations on it.
Brownings are good rods also.
Brownish discharge is almost always old blood.
Brownish fur extends out on the underside of the wing nearly to the wrist.
Brownish markings appear on the face.
Brownish masses range from few to common in most pedons.
Brownish streaks are occasionally present in the wood.
Brownish streaks occur inside crown and roots.
A brownout is darkness
Brownouts are a possibility.
Brownouts are a threat in Connecticut.
Brownouts are another of the major power problems.
Brownouts can cause computer lock-up, data loss or corruption and loss of files.
Brownouts can cause poor performance of equipment or even incorrect operation.
Brownouts can happen so quickly that the human eye can t detect that the lights have flickered.
Brownouts cause lights, TV's, appliances, etc. to dim or slow to less than normal.
Brownouts generally occur during the summer heat waves.
Brownouts occur when the power grid is overtaxed.
Brownouts occur when the supply power drops below the demand.
A brownstone is a sandstone
Brownstone finds new favor.
Brownstone is a variety of sandstone.
Brownstone is about relationships.
Brownstone is back.
Brownstones are everywhere.
Brownstones are homes.
Brownstones are located in rings.
Brownstones are located in subdivisions.
Brownstones are real estates.
Brownstones are residential buildings.
Brownstones are sandstones.
Brownsville children do deserve the best.
Brownsville residents have no public access to Internet.
Brownsville soils are mostly in woodland or pasture with a few areas in cropland.
Browntail moths are now on the rise again.
Browsable glossary is in a compact tabular format.
Browsable systems begin to break down after the collection becomes too large.
Browsable topics feature very selective but well chosen resources covering anatomy and diseases.
Browse damage can be significant in many regions of Michigan.
Browse damage stifles seedling growth and ultimately increase reforestation costs.
Browse ungulates consume foliage.
Browse ungulates consume red foliage.
A browse is feeding
Browse consists of leaves, twigs and a various assortment of shoots and vines.
Browse is abundant in old logging sites.
Browse is greens, spinach, other vegetables.
Browse is only available for headings and call number searches.
Browse is order specific.
Browse is similar to window-shopping.
Browse is similar, except that the browsing is noticed only by the current broadcaster.
Browse reports chronologically from the links below or use our new report search page .
Browse responses to past questions.
Browse then print the applications forms Early admissions Early applications are encouraged.
Browses are eating.
Browses are reading.
Browses are vegetation.
All browses understand normal text and headings.
Some browses come up with a warning about information submitting.
Browser applications request and then display information from other computers on the Internet.
Browser caches retain images that users have amassed.
Browser compatibility is an issue for all web designers and is very complex.
Browser compatibility is easier to manage.
Browser compatibility is emphasized throughout.
Browser share needs to remain a key priority for our field and marketing efforts.
Browser wars begin.
A browser is a computer programme
Browser accelerators to tweek speed.
Browser am Past within no people since an candle.
Browser believe before few paint how forest t.s. eliot links.
Browser caching occurs when a user's computer stores content and displays it multiple times.
Browser can be a pain at times, needs to be active to get paid.
Browser contacts proxy server and requests page.
Browser ignores transparency.
Browser now copes when a web site closes a page itself rather than leaving a blank tab.
Browser perceives all lines as a solid text.
Browser tends to reload windows multiple times.
Browser uploads only.
Browsers access the customer's site using the customer's own preferred domain name.
Browsers act as clients to web servers.
Browsers act in a client-server relationship with remote computers as servers.
Browsers allow both suffixes.
Browsers allow handy organisation and editing of private bookmarks.
Browsers allow people to treat the data spread across the Internet as a cohesive whole.
Browsers allow people to view the Internet.
Browsers allow the user to set the desired display font in the preferences menu.
Browsers allow users to view the contents of a site and navigate from one site to another.
Browsers already follow open standards.
Browsers also control printing functions.
Browsers also follow links within WEB pages and can provide feedback and download files.
Browsers also guide PC users to lucrative Web sites.
Browsers also have an inbuilt e-mail function.
Browsers also make use of the content ratings.
Browsers also play an important role in defining standards for viewing Web content.
Browsers also provide an easy way to travel around the Internet.
Browsers also provide services like ftp, telnet, and email, and use the appropriate protocols.
Browsers also retrieve requested information.
Browsers also store visited web site addresses in the pulldown address bar.
Browsers also tend to put white space both above and below a heading.
Browsers are a necessity for anyone who uses the Internet.
Browsers are all different, with different size screens, formats, etc, etc.
Browsers are always welcome and the coffee fresh.
Browsers are always welcome.
Browsers are an interesting case.
Browsers are animals that have delicate snouts and feed on leaves, flowers, and shrubs.
Browsers are another very important consideration.
Browsers are applications that can communicate with servers and display HTML formatted pages.
Browsers are applications.
Browsers are as welcome as buyers.
Browsers are avaialable for PCs, macs, and unix machines.
Browsers are available both commercially and in the public domain.
Browsers are available for all common computer types.
Browsers are available for free download.
Browsers are available for many computer platforms.
Browsers are available for many platforms, both in source and executable forms.
Browsers are available for virtually all platforms.
Browsers are buggy and temperamental.
Browsers are client-server software applications.
Browsers are consumer applications.
Browsers are easy to control using a Web Wheel.
Browsers are easy to use and they require very little training.
Browsers are either free to download or available at a nominal cost.
Browsers are either text based or graphics based.
Browsers are exceptionally uncontrollable information terminals.
Browsers are far more likely to click through to entries which appear early in search results.
Browsers are for browsing.
Browsers are free and easy to use.
Browsers are FREE applications .
Browsers are free for the download, and the following two are the market leaders.
Browsers are free to choose the number of columns to match the current window size and item widths.
Browsers are free to download items for personal use only on their own computer.
Browsers are free ya know.
Browsers are free, so there's no money to be made in introducing a new one.
Browsers are free.
Browsers are freely available, and one of the two major contenders is free.
Browsers are generally of two kinds, text-based and graphical.
Browsers are great.
Browsers are important to a webmaster.
Browsers are interpreters that read html.
Browsers are less common.
Browsers are like elevators.
Browsers are more casual.
Browsers are mostly glorified terminals for the Web, today.
Browsers are no longer simple HTML rendering tools.
Browsers are now a free product.
Browsers are one of the most important pieces of software on our computers.
Browsers are only capable of reading .gif and .jpg files as far as images are concerned.
Browsers are only half of the Internet equation.
Browsers are out in abundance.
Browsers are particularly welcome.
Browsers are picky.
Browsers are programs for displaying HTML-code.
Browsers are programs that people run to search out information on the Internet.
Browsers are programs that pick through information.
Browsers are programs used to view Web pages.
Browsers are readily available at no charge on the Net.
Browsers are simply programs on a computer that read and interpret the hypertext language.
Browsers are smart enough to supply it.
Browsers are software programs used to navigate the Web.
Browsers are software programs which exist as a window to the Web.
Browsers are specialized computer programs that translate the special language used on the Web.
Browsers are spectators.
Browsers are still very sensitive to style sheets.
Browsers are subject to error.
Browsers are the applications that allow for navigation and viewing of the web.
Browsers are the essential tool of the Web.
Browsers are the interface used by the user to access web pages remotely.
Browsers are the key client applications of the internet.
Browsers are the key viewer applications of the internet.
Browsers are the programs for Internet browsing.
Browsers are the same way.
Browsers are the software packages that provide access to websites.
Browsers are the software programs that allow people to view Web documents.
Browsers are their foot in the door of corporate America.
Browsers are typically forest-dwelling animals that feed mainly on stems, twigs, and leaves.
Browsers are unpredictable.
Browsers are welcome - come and enjoy.
Browsers are welcome and buyers are adored.
Browsers are welcome and greeted warmly by both artists, who staff the shop during open hours.
Browsers are welcome to print the problems and the answers as well.
Browsers are welcome.
Browsers are, in some cases, going to display HTML documents differently.
Browsers automatically scale images if the HTML instructions call for that.
Browsers basically work the same way.
Browsers begin to pop up everywhere, for all the different computer platforms.
Browsers breed controversy, in Threads.
Browsers cache both web pages and applets.
Browsers can act as remote display interfaces for hardware.
Browsers can also be a problem.
Browsers can also create personal portfolios.
Browsers can also display HTML forms that collect and display data entered by users.
Browsers can also download the second draft of the wolf management plan.
Browsers can also hear traditional music.
Browsers can also search the extensive virtual security library for additional items.
Browsers can also send input from the user up to a server.
Browsers can also sign up for a free newsletter or find top-rated physicians in their hometowns.
Browsers can also turn the sky to see it from all angles.
Browsers can also use CARP to decide which cache to talk to, using a java auto-config script.
Browsers can ask their own investment questions or choose from a list of categories.
Browsers can be both text-based or graphic.
Browsers can be either text or graphic.
Browsers can be either text-based or graphical.
Browsers can be setup for proxy servers and client side caching.
Browsers can be text-based or graphic.
Browsers can be text-based or graphical and can make the Internet easier and more intuitive to use.
Browsers can be text-based or graphical.
Browsers can create new conversation threads or respond to previously submitted articles.
Browsers can create their own narrative by interacting with the artwork.
Browsers can display text only, or text and graphics.
Browsers can display too many colors to cover here.
Browsers can easily view and download the resources they desire.
Browsers can e-mail local news stories to others.
Browsers can even request quotations from three local suppliers.
Browsers can find favorite new titles, as well.
Browsers can find items of interest and then attend the auction, or submit a bid by e-mail.
Browsers can have multiple accept-languages, arranged in order of user preference.
Browsers can help by referencing hypertext links as footnotes when printed out.
Browsers can include some reverse engineering tools or maintenance workbenches.
Browsers can learn how to make herbal tea, how to flavor food with plants and more.
Browsers can link to cultural particulars, facts and figures or take a photographic tour.
Browsers can link to nationwide jobs or to listings from state employment service sites.
Browsers can look through old paintings and posters, art glass and jewelry.
Browsers can natively display files of certain types like HTML and sound.
Browsers can now even exude scents from devices attached to the computer.
Browsers can only print individual HTML pages.
Browsers can only read text.
Browsers can only recieve files from the Internet.
Browsers can operate in two modes, normal and secure mode.
Browsers can order a free booklet on home-equity borrowing from the site.
Browsers can rate the bands with results of the top ten posted monthly.
Browsers Can read files from floppy, hard disk, network, etc.
Browsers can retrieve, save, mark, and navigate through HTML pages posted anywhere on the net.
Browsers can search by subject headings, key words, or in the catalog of a single press.
Browsers can search by way of street maps on the right of the page, or by store names.
Browsers can search the database for information specific to a certain geographic area or organism.
Browsers can search the extensive archives for daily news and analysis.
Browsers can search the site by location, farm and family names.
Browsers can sign up to receive e-mail health news on a specific condition.
Browsers can simply click around our site and learn a wealth of information.
Browsers can sometimes find much more than they are looking for just by looking at books nearby.
Browsers can sort by city, venue, artist, or date.
Browsers can translate HTML into documents with text, pictures and sound.
Browsers can use the online application form or simply request further information.
Browsers can use the URL to obtain a human-readable version of the policy statement .
Browsers can usually download multiple streams at a time.
Browsers can view both current and back issues of TJ and get easy subscription information.
Browsers can view pages from locations other than the Internet.
Browsers can volunteer, adopt a pet, or offer donations.
Browsers can warn of potential website hazards and provide document certification and encryption.
Browsers click on a thumbnail to see the full sized image.
Browsers come from many different companies.
Browsers come from the general public, and small and large corporate Canada.
Browsers come with certain default settings.
Browsers come with many of the same features and the basics are easily learned.
Browsers communicate with servers using one of various protocols.
Browsers contain separate similar protocol stacks for mail, news, other clients today.
Browsers control the layout of a web page.
Browsers depend on cursor movement and selection by clicking.
Browsers determine which links are visited and which are unvisited using an internal history buffer.
Browsers differ as to how they display color.
Browsers differ in how they handle access to attached files.
Browsers differ in how they handle access to different file types.
Browsers differ in the amount of markup, and types of tags they can support.
Browsers differ significantly in how they handle that problem.
Browsers display pages differently.
Browsers display security in different ways.
Browsers display text in the first font in the series that is installed on the user's system.
Browsers do see some things differently.
Browsers do their own dithering to fit into the palette currently in use.
Browsers do understand it, so there's no harm done.
Browsers do vary a great deal.
Browsers do work like that, yes.
Browsers don t care.
Browsers eat a variety of leafy vegetation, while grazers primarily eat grass.
Browsers enable computer owners to easily locate and retrieve information on the Internet.
Browsers enable the sending of encrypted data over the Internet.
Browsers encourage discovery by serendipity, hence the name.
Browsers entering site have access to updated information instantly.
Browsers even support it.
Browsers exist for a variety of computer p latforms.
Browsers expect a header and the data from CGI programs, separated by a blank line.
Browsers fail to support the actual task of browsing the Web.
Browsers first connect to domain name server to translate name into number.
Browsers first see the Zima spot logo superimposed over a visual of young, smiling people.
Browsers format the page differently from each other when graphics are turned off.
Browsers generally come with or connect to some type of editor usually found on the file menu.
Browsers generally display the address with italics.
Browsers generally format the address in italics.
Browsers generally give block elements a standard margin to the top and bottom.
Browsers generally have a system for allowing automatic updating of off-line pages.
Browsers generally store bookmark lists as html files.
Browsers generally wait until they've received an entire table before rendering it.
Browsers handle graphics and tables slightly differently.
Browsers handle whitespace differently, as demonstrated below.
Browsers have a default size for fonts.
Browsers have a history file.
Browsers have a venerable history of security flaws, mutual incompability and instability.
Browsers have different features.
Browsers have different ways of downloading PDFs.
Browsers have extensions.
Browsers have many options that can overide the format of a web site.
Browsers have no flow control, resiliency or native recovery.
Browsers have robust and well-considered security models.
Browsers have several built-in.
Browsers have to be configured to run a telnet application.
Browsers have very similar controls, regardless of versions or brands.
Browsers hold the most immediate promise.
Browsers identify secure documents in several ways.
Browsers ignore all extra spaces, hard returns, tabs, indents, etc.
Browsers ignore carriage returns when displaying a document.
Browsers ignore HTML commands they fail to understand.
Browsers ignore new lines and extra spaces in text.
Browsers ignore space characters in HTML content.
Browsers indicate their preferences by headers in the request.
Browsers interpret extra spaces and line breaks inconsistently.
Browsers interpret HTML and display the pages appropriately.
Browsers interpret HTML tags to display headings, paragraphs, lists, and tables.
Browsers interpret html to display the document.
Browsers keep adding interesting features that enhance organization, searching and bookmarking.
Browsers kill websites.
Browsers know to come here to check out the new material.
Browsers launch the Word application and shows the document.
Browsers like to display uniform tables with equal numbers of cells in each row.
Browsers load the layout of each table before loading the content into it.
Browsers love to interact with real people.
Browsers made by either company sometimes have completely different commands and interpretations.
Browsers make it very easy to move from one Web site to another.
Browsers make their own experience.
Browsers normally display it in the window title bar.
Browsers now can retrieve audio, video, animation, graphics and text, all at the same time.
Browsers now contain e-mail functions.
Browsers offer a very wide array of functionality for viewing the Web.
Browsers offer limited control over cookies.
Browsers offer some of the choices.
Browsers offer varying degrees of security, particularly in regard to encryption.
Browsers only allow people to scroll to the right and down.
Browsers only allow the user to transfer a file through a mouse click on the file link.
Browsers only display tables after they're completely loaded.
Browsers only have to register if they decide to become shoppers.
Browsers provide a way to update their windows called refreshing .
Browsers provide an organized method for exploring data.
Browsers provide easy tools for moving around on the Web.
Browsers provide the user interface for the Web.
Browsers Put in a name, a word or several in the 'terms' box.
Browsers range in price from free to nearly fifty dollars.
Browsers read differently as well.
Browsers render text using the first font in the combination that is installed on the user's system.
Browsers report all kinds of useful information.
Browsers request CGI programs in exactly the way they request static documents.
Browsers require a URL in order to display information that is contained on a Web server.
Browsers require a URL to display information found on a Web server.
Browsers retrieve information from a site as text and graphics.
Browsers routinely provide a lot of information to web servers when making requests.
Browsers save passwords and usernames according to the realm.
Browsers scan webpages for links, headings and subheadings.
Browsers send requests to the web server.
Browsers show secure pages differently.
Browsers simplify the development of any distributed system.
Browsers store old versions of webpages in their memory.
Browsers support many types of events, with special emphasis on mouse, keyboard, and focus events.
Browsers supporting stylesheets can see the colour edition.
Browsers take a portion of the screen with menus and other information.
Browsers tend to have problems with scripts included in the body area.
Browsers tend to mark addresses in italic.
Browsers tend to rely on their favorite places to link with new sites.
Browsers tend to slow down while scrolling past animation.
Browsers There is a significant difference between browsers.
Browsers tile the image across the page.
Browsers traditionally make all authentication decisions.
Browsers typically do a very poor job of printing large images.
Browsers typically ignore empty cells and create an odd-looking blank space in the table.
Browsers typically make four connections in parallel.
Browsers typically provide some limited control over cookies.
Browsers typically wait for a table to be complete before it is displayed.
Browsers understand directories.
Browsers understand one blank space and one return that is it.
Browsers use different encryption methods or levels.
Browsers use different syntax and different semantics for their physical property names.
Browsers use file extensions to determine how to execute a file.
Browsers use HTML tags to determine how to present the document on the screen.
Browsers use HTML tags to display documents properly.
Browsers use parallel connections to speed up delivery speed.
Browsers use selectors to determine which elements on a page are affected by a statement.
Browsers use slightly different codes for text, layout, pixels, etc.
Browsers use the directory name, plus a default file name, to load web pages.
Browsers use the numerical value to determine the next or previous field.
Browsers utilize client server architecture and take advantage of hyperlinks.
Browsers vary greatly in their ability to work with assistive technology devices.
Browsers vary in features, but they perform essentially the same function.
Browsers vary in presentation of colors, indentions, frames.
Browsers vary in the way they display and print forms on the net.
Browsers vary quite a bit in how they display frames.
Browsers view and retrieve information at their own risk.
Browsers wait to have the whole table before showing it so they can calculate the column width.
Browsers warn users moving to a secure site.
Browsers welcome .
Browsers welcome The store is designed to encourage browsing.
Browsers welcome to enjoy the gallery's comfortable atmosphere.
Browsers welcome, buyers appreciated.
Browsers written for the emacs environment are available.
Browsers written in perl are available.
Browsers always time out.
Browsers always welcome.
Browsers often allow users to disable cookies for reasons of privacy.
Browsers often get the wrong version.
Browsers sometimes do different things with the same markup.
Browsers sometimes ignore the encoding.
Browsers usually accept cookies by default.
Browsers usually display the text in bold text.
Browsers usually display the text in italics.
Browsers usually format unordered lists using bullets or with some other symbolic marker.
Browsers usually goes through a firewall by using a proxy.
Browsers usually have an option that can be set to refuse cookies from a Webserver.
Browsers usually print what is on the screen.
All browsers add extra space before heading elements.
All browsers allow users to select specific fonts and type sizes for display.
All browsers are available for free download.
All browsers are catered for, it just looks and works better in later versions.
All browsers are different, but they share some common navigational tools.
All browsers are different.
All browsers are welcome.
All browsers behave slightly differently.
All browsers can display .gif files.
All browsers can display it.
All browsers can now use the map overlay feature.
All browsers can view and interact with newsgroups.
All browsers display text differently.
All browsers do basically the same thing - locate and display web pages.
All browsers enable cookies by default upon installation.
All browsers have a cache allowing for quicker downloads of web sites that are regularly visited.
All browsers have an option for opening new links.
All browsers have an option to clear the cache.
All browsers have major problems with roman numeral counting and marker rendering.
All browsers have similar facilities for enlarging in both printing and viewing the texts.
All browsers have some basic functionality.
All browsers have some problems with box properties.
All browsers have the ability to save pages and access pages stored as files.
All Browsers have tool bars which run across the top of the screen.
All browsers have toolbars with a collection of buttons and fields.
All browsers interpret html code differently.
ALL Browsers Let's face it.
All browsers look and behave the same.
All browsers now look and behave the same.
All browsers now support Secure Server encryption technology.
All browsers offer free upgrades.
All browsers offer information on the level of security they provide.
All browsers offer many other useful commands.
All browsers operate in relatively the same way.
All browsers provide a way to organise bookmarks into folders.
All browsers show the same layout.
All browsers support .gif files.
All browsers support both image file formats.
All browsers support comments.
All browsers use a so called cache.
All browsers use a storage folder called a cache.
All browsers welcome.
Any browser can help the lawyer locate the best sites.
Any browser can input the info.
Any browser can view the project site.
Any browser can, in principle, access the experiment.
Every browser comes with installed certificates which have expiration dates.
Every browser displays web-sites differently.
Every browser has a default font setting - font name, size and color.
Every browser has a default font setting- font name, size and color.
Every browser has a function which backs up to the previous page.
Every browser has a piece of software called a rendering engine.
Every browser has a toolbar up top.
Every browser has some method of saving a web address to a list for later reference.
Every browser implements security policies to keep applets from compromising system security.
Every browser implements security policies to keep applets from doing damage.
Every browser interprets the web differently.
Every browser is different and each has it's own quirks.
Every browser is different, but the instructions that follow are generic and apply to most browsers.
Every browser is different.
Many browsers allow the user to screen out graphics and use text only for viewing.
Many browsers allow the user to set the size of each element, including the headings.
Many browsers allow users to choose previously viewed pages from a list of titles.
Many browsers also create a history of addresses and files that the browser has worked with.
Many browsers also have problems with frameset page scripts that immediately modify frame contents.
Many browsers also support an ftp protocol for retrieving non-local files using anonymous ftp.
Many browsers are available free for the downloading.
Many browsers are available which can be easily downloaded from the Internet.
Many browsers are available with varying capabilities and for different platforms.
Many browsers are especially sensitive to invalid syntax when tables are involved.
Many browsers attempt to display as much information as they can as quickly as they can.
Many browsers automatically add the 'greater than' symbol to the left of each line of quoted text.
Many browsers cache images in order to optimize performance.
Many browsers come complete with the more popular plug-ins.
Many browsers come equipped with e-mail built into the program.
Many browsers come with helper applications for common file types already set up.
Many browsers complain when a URL has an embedded spaces.
Many browsers default to downloading unrecognized file types as text rather than binary.
Many browsers display documents differently.
Many browsers display it in an indented block surrounded by blank lines with a graphic.
Many browsers display it indented.
Many browsers display it outside the main body of the page for easy reference.
Many browsers display more important headings in larger fonts than less important ones.
Many browsers display the size of the images as they are being downloaded.
Many browsers has 'save file' menu.
Many browsers have a local cache which can expand to rather large volumes.
Many browsers have a problem with secure servers.
Many browsers have plugs-ins to read such files.
Many browsers have several software hurdles to cross in order to access Net news groups.
Many browsers have the e-mail feature integrated into it.
Many browsers identify themselves when they request a document.
Many browsers lack a good E-mail program.
Many browsers look alike.
Many browsers make all sorts of choices in the rendering of information.
Many browsers now allow newsgroup access without additional software.
Many browsers now have a PDF plug-in.
Many browsers now have a search button.
Many browsers permit readers to customize the way logically marked text is displayed.
Many browsers provide an automatic mailing feature.
Many browsers require high end equipment, current version operating systems, and lots of memory.
Many browsers require special action be taken for non-viewable files.
Many browsers save the encoded form on the system disk before sending it through to the web server.
Many browsers ship with a PDF reader.
Many browsers simply choose to ignore empty table cells.
Many browsers support a feature called language negotiation .
Many browsers support one or the other, or even both.
More browsers are now available and new server software is being released with more functionality.
More browsers are under development.
Most browser make it easy to set up viewers for use with the Web.
Most browser permit the encryption of information.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically.
Most browsers accept cookies by default.
Most browsers accept cookies.
Most browsers allow cookies to be accepted by default.
Most browsers allow downloading of programs by using the right mouse button to bring up a mini-menu.
Most browsers allow for upgrades at the company s website.
Most browsers allow for upgrades at the company's website.
Most browsers allow images to load as the page loads or after the page loads.
Most Browsers allow results to be cut and pasted in to other applications.
Most browsers allow the cookie function to be turned off.
Most browsers allow the cookie function to turn off.
Most browsers allow the user to download to disk if they want to.
Most browsers allow users to customize their default font size.
Most browsers allow users to disable cookies.
Most browsers allow users to inhibit graphics, but more flexible strategies are needed.
Most browsers allow users to set colors, even overriding page settings.
Most browsers allow visitors to disable the acceptance of cookies.
Most browsers already have it.
Most browsers already have the Acrobat Reader Plug-In.
Most browsers already provide at least one view.
Most browsers also display links in a different color if they have been visited by the user.
Most browsers also have the ability to scroll down a page at a time at each press of the space bar.
Most browsers also provide support for news.
Most browsers are capable of displaying text and gif images.
Most browsers are capable of saving files in just a few seconds.
Most browsers are capable of viewing source code, also.
Most browsers are fairly easy to customise.
Most browsers are free, and they all support frames.
Most browsers are free.
Most browsers are graphical, in the sense that they can display graphics as well as text.
Most browsers are pretty self-explanatory.
Most browsers are unable to bookmark post requests.
Most browsers are very forgiving when it comes to missing end tags or quotation marks.
Most browsers are very intuitive, so just click on things to see what they do.
Most browsers are very user-friendly, and offer extensive online help.
Most browsers are, by default, configured to underline links as well.
Most browsers are, fortunately, easy to use.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies.
Most browsers cache graphics.
Most browsers can automatically decode compressed files.
Most browsers can handle a wide variety of image and audio formats.
Most browsers can handle forms.
Most browsers can handle online transactions .
Most browsers can now accept frames.
Most browsers can open and print .pdf files.
Most browsers can read and print .pdf files.
Most Browsers can recognize colors by name.
Most browsers can support the format with a helper application or plug-in.
Most browsers can view two different types of graphics files.
Most browsers can, and do use the NAME attributes.
Most browsers combine all blank space into one space inbetween words.
Most browsers come with a default list of helper apps, and users can add to the list.
Most browsers come with a sound utility built in.
Most browsers come with cache memory.
Most browsers come with cookies enabled by default.
Most browsers contain a help menu.
Most browsers contain information about the browser version number.
Most browsers default to have cookies turned on.
Most browsers default to Yes.
Most browsers detect our character coding correctly.
Most browsers display a lock symbol at the bottom of the browser window.
Most browsers display a symbol to denote pages are viewed over a secure connection.
Most browsers display links underlined and in a different colour than the rest of the text.
Most browsers display links with underlines.
Most browsers display strong text in bold, and emphasized text in italics.
Most browsers display the alt tag as the image is loading.
Most browsers display the border as a three-dimensional line.
Most browsers display the title on the top portion of the frame of the page.
Most browsers display the URL of whatever page they are currently accessing.
Most browsers do accept framed sites.
Most browsers do conform to industry standards.
Most browsers do nothing.
Most browsers do now, so Click Here to try again.
Most browsers do something worthwhile with it.
Most browsers do, unless it has been purposely turned off.
Most browsers do.
Most browsers enable both features by default.
Most browsers expect to receive files with either an .HTM or .HTML extension.
Most browsers generally change the margins for the quotation to separate it from surrounding text.
Most browsers Go to the menu bar.
Most browsers handle it correctly, i.e. send the form data in a mail message.
Most browsers have a built in news reader.
Most browsers have a built in newsreader.
Most browsers have a built-in newsreader.
Most browsers have a button to go to a customized version of one of the main search engines.
Most browsers have a controllable font and font size.
Most browsers have a default appearance for unread links and links that the user has already viewed.
Most browsers have a default homepage.
Most browsers have a default Telnet application configured already.
Most browsers have a Find button at the top of the screen.
Most browsers have a history button.
Most browsers have a home button.
Most browsers have a print icon or command.
Most browsers have a refresh option.
Most browsers have a way to specify the file associated with the link needs to be saved to disk.
Most browsers have an icon such as a key or a lock to represent an encrypted mode or session.
Most browsers have an icon such as a key or a lock to represent an encrypted session.
Most browsers have an option for displaying background colors, background patterns and graphics.
Most browsers have an option the turn the images off.
Most browsers have an option to display the source HTML file for the current page.
Most browsers have both a memory and a disk cache.
Most browsers have certificates from several of the larger CAs already installed.
Most browsers have generous help screens.
Most browsers have helpers installed to decode binhexed files automatically.
Most browsers have it.
Most browsers have many other useful features.
Most browsers have one or more tool bars to facilitate manipulations.
Most browsers have options to disallow the use of cookies.
Most browsers have preferences set by their users regarding fonts, colors, etc.
Most browsers have settings that allow the user to refuse to accept cookies.
Most browsers have several printing options.
Most browsers have some easy tools for organizing key links.
Most browsers have some method of showing the URL of the current document.
Most browsers have that capability.
Most browsers have that feature enabled by default.
Most browsers have the ability to import and export bookmarks.
Most browsers have the ability to search a web page and highlight exact words.
Most browsers have the capability of searching.
Most browsers have the option of background images and background and text color control.
MOST browsers incorporate the TAB key for navigating between form fields and checkboxes.
Most browsers insert a line before and after a paragraph of text.
Most browsers intended for Internet surfing can display HTML pages offline as well.
Most browsers interpret as a skipped line.
Most browsers issued within the last several years are capable of html tables.
Most browsers know frames now, but they are disturbing navigation mechanisms of the browser.
Most browsers know tables.
Most browsers let the user choose the font and size for text display.
Most browsers limit the number of connections to the Internet to four at any given point in time.
Most browsers maintain mappings for numerous other file types.
Most browsers mark each item with a bullet.
Most browsers now support secure forms.
Most browsers offer a full range of Boolean search operators to allow for very specific searching.
Most browsers offer additional security alerts, as well.
Most browsers offer an option to remember a password.
Most browsers offer free upgrades to the latest version.
Most browsers offer similar interfaces.
Most browsers only allow entry to anonymous ftp sites.
Most browsers perform a primitive leading function by placing an extra space between paragraphs.
Most browsers permit users to refuse cookies or to be notified before a cookie is accepted.
Most browsers print only the first page of inline frames.
Most browsers provide a facility for hierarchical organisation of annotated bookmarks.
Most browsers provide a way to save URLs for future reference.
Most browsers provide for the ability to save any graphic displayed as an option.
Most browsers recognise only Latin characters, so please avoid Greek letters.
Most browsers reload a recently visited page in less time than it took to initially load it.
Most browsers render it in bold text.
Most browsers render the em tag in italic and the strong tag in bold.
Most browsers respect scripts as if the author of the documents decides the settings of the browser.
Most browsers respond to the mailto tag.
Most browsers save files locally for faster access later.
Most browsers seem to avoid infested bushes , perhaps because the ants stink of formic acid .
Most browsers seem to avoid infested bushes, perhaps because the ants stink of formic acid.
Most browsers seem to handle it routinely with little mangling.
Most browsers seem to refresh automatically.
Most browsers seize up and die under such an attack.
Most browsers show a closed padlock in the bottom while using a secure, encrypted connection.
Most browsers show a lock in the status bar at the bottom of the screen to indicate a secure page.
Most browsers show a lock in the status bar at the bottom of the screen to indicate secure pages.
Most browsers show text and graphics or images, some however are only text based.
Most browsers show the citation in italics.
Most browsers show the links as blue underlined text.
Most browsers show the location near the top of the screen.
Most browsers show unvisited links in blue, and visited links in red.
Most browsers still accept raw text.
Most browsers store local copies of recently loaded files.
Most browsers store the title of a web page in the bookmark list.
Most browsers strongly emphasize with bold .
Most browsers support a view source option.
Most browsers support bookmarks to make returning to web locations easy.
Most browsers support frames.
Most browsers support navigation via keyboard commands, mouse, or other input devices.
Most browsers support printing the displayed page or frame.
Most browsers support server side image maps.
Most browsers support tables.
Most browsers support the .wav format with their internal sound players.
Most browsers support the ability to change the size of the text.
Most browsers support the capability of downloading source html from a server.
Most browsers support the hexadecimal color commands.
Most browsers support the presentation of images, sounds, and video on a single screen.
Most browsers take advantage of the fonts already available on each user's system.
Most browsers try to make it easy to begin a search.
Most browsers use a larger font size for more important headings.
Most browsers use italics.
Most browsers use light gray as a standard background.
Most browsers use Medium by default.
Most browsers use some sort of page caching to save download times.
Most browsers use the default font size for printing.
Most browsers use the same command.
Most browsers use the sites as advertisements, or for price comparisons.
Most browsers use the title when they make a bookmark.
Most browsers work fine.
Most browsers wrap lines at spaces so they can squeeze all the text into the window on the browser.
Some browsers add or replace characters when files are copied.
Some browsers allocate multiple threads or a thread group for each applet.
Some browsers allow direct copying and pasting of html tables into spreadsheets and other programs.
Some browsers allow saving diagrams via context menu.
Some browsers allow the page author to specify an image as a background for a page.
Some browsers allow the usemap parameter to refer to another file.
Some browsers allow the user to assign a typeface and point size to different logical elements.
Some browsers allow the user to disable frames.
Some browsers allow the user to print page contents.
Some browsers allow users to send mail to the maintainer of a page with comments, etc.
Some browsers also allow users to completely disable their computer's ability to accept cookies.
Some browsers also display an estimated time as they download a file.
Some browsers also give users the option to turn stylesheets off.
Some browsers also have electronic mail, newsgroup, and file transfer features.
Some browsers also support the TAB key for moving from field to field.
Some browsers appear to have difficulty with our newgroups.
Some browsers are better at certain Web activities than others.
Some browsers are better than others.
Some browsers are capable of interpreting additional tags outside the standard.
Some browsers are faster than others.
Some browsers are feature rich and other browsers are very limited.
Some browsers are flexible.
Some browsers are known to corrupt the binaries while downloading, please check all sizes.
Some browsers are more 'forgiving' than others, for recognizing images and such.
Some browsers are more forgiving than others.
Some browsers are non-graphical.
Some browsers are quite anal when it comes to frames.
Some browsers are smart enough to do processing at the client end.
Some browsers automatically load new information, depending on how the preferences are set.
Some browsers automatically submit forms when the enter key on the keyboard is pressed.
Some browsers can only change the foreground color, while others can only change the background.
Some browsers can read and others read and write.
Some browsers can slip through the cracks, especially beta versions.
Some browsers choke on embedded files, especially if there are javascripts on the same page.
Some browsers choke on the links above.
Some browsers come up with a warning about information submitting.
Some browsers come with it already loaded.
Some browsers corrupt un-compressed files on download if they appear to be text.
Some browsers count each time a form is displayed as a separate page.
Some browsers deal with errors better than others.
Some browsers default with a cgi.exe.
Some browsers display a blank page when clicking on the above links.
Some browsers display a checkerboard background behind the graphic on the main page.
Some browsers display all loose content before or after the table.
Some browsers display all pages with a white background and black text.
Some browsers display security icons that indicate whether a transaction is secure.
Some browsers display the full console anyway.
Some browsers display the last frame, and some browsers display the first frame of an animation.
Some browsers do an adequate job with the format here.
Some browsers do better than others however.
Some browsers do clip the content of the clipbard when pasting it into an textarea of an applet.
Some browsers download .SCR files as .EXE files.
Some browsers driving speech synthesizers allow users to tab through the page to all the links.
Some browsers drop the filename extension.
Some browsers fail miserably when the HTML within a file is invalid.
Some browsers fail to display such characters.
Some browsers give the user the option to hide the display of the title.
Some browsers handle authentication poorly.
Some browsers handle text only.
Some browsers have a conflict.
Some browsers have a default timeout setting.
Some browsers have a favorites list or a hot list.
Some browsers have a padlock or key displayed in the lower left-hand corner.
Some browsers have difficulties recognising cookie strings as numbers.
Some browsers have difficulty understanding such spaces.
Some browsers have difficutly in successfuly entering secured areas .
Some browsers have lots of trouble with frames.
Some browsers have pdf-reader plug ins.
Some browsers have problems locating the .WAV files because of the spaces.
Some browsers have problems viewing frame-based sites.
Some browsers have problems when downloading files.
Some browsers have problems with ftp downloading, especially if traffic is heavy.
Some browsers have the ability to read color names in any of the color tags.
Some browsers have the capability of having two or more windows open at the same time.
Some browsers have the nasty trait of adding space around an image in a table cell.
Some browsers have their own options for dealing with offensive content whilst surfing.
Some browsers have trouble printing web pages that contain white text on a dark background.
Some browsers have trouble sending information through forms.
Some browsers have trouble viewing frames.
Some browsers have trouble with printing white text on a black background.
Some browsers ignore tables, or can be configured to ignore tables.
Some browsers implement their own form of Web site security.
Some browsers impose a lower limit.
Some browsers insert some kind of horizontal bar between the two images.
Some browsers insists on cd'ing down each directory component in turn.
Some browsers interpret and execute the java one instruction at a time.
Some browsers interpret line breaks as cumulative.
Some browsers keep the list for a few days, others start a new list with each new online session.
Some browsers lock up at the start of the encryption process.
Some browsers look at the home page title for a match.
Some browsers look different, but most support the features highlighted here.
Some browsers make it difficult to bookmark frames.
Some browsers offer enhanced features for individuals with disabilities.
Some browsers offer more secure forms of encryption than other browsers do.
Some browsers offer the option to Save or Run files on the Internet.
Some browsers only support certain aspects of cascading style sheets.
Some browsers open the first link inside the browser.
Some browsers politely turn down the request, and some happily oblige.
Some browsers provide an outline to a page based on the content of the headings.
Some browsers reduce or ignore empty columns in a table.
Some browsers render a menu list more compactly than an unordered list.
Some browsers render extra whitespace when multiple empty paragraphs are used in sequence.
Some browsers render frames inconsistently because of slight errors in the browser program.
Some browsers render the text in italics.
Some browsers require one radio button in a group to be selected at all times.
Some browsers require security to be loosened to run a class in the sun.audio package.
Some browsers require shift-reload to fetch up to date plots.
Some browsers routinely send wildcards in addition to explicit types they can handle.
Some browsers seem to crash on frames.
Some browsers seem to have difficulty with the secure server.
Some browsers show as boldface, some as underlined text.
Some browsers show only the first few characters of a page title.
Some browsers show special characters in strange ways.
Some browsers skip the top and left properties if the boxes have the default position value.
Some browsers support a feature called blink.
Some browsers support additional fields after the address.
Some browsers support color names as well as codes.
Some browsers support graphics and some only support text.
Some browsers support immediate viewing, others download the file to disk.
Some browsers support keywords seperated by just spaces.
Some browsers support more nodes than others.
Some browsers support style sheets that allow a more detailed control of fonts, colors, etc.
Some browsers support the height and width attributes.
Some browsers take a long time to load it.
Some browsers tend to collapse empty cells.
Some browsers then wrap text after the table along the left side of the table.
Some browsers try to open all files containing text that they receive.
Some browsers try to save it as an exe file.
Some browsers use a gray background when viewing web pages.
Some browsers use different terminology.
Some browsers use proprietary data compression which can alter the appearance of graphics.
Some browsers use the local disk to cache pages that they have fetched.
Most browsing sessions begin by accessing a search engine or directory.
BRP flags reset.
BRT laboratory handles testing in a highly confidential manner.
BRT subway is carried in lower trough under the cross bridge.
A brucellosis is an infectious disease
Brucellosis affects almost all mammals.
Brucellosis can be a long standing disease.
Brucellosis causes abortion and reduced milk production in cattle, sheep and goats.
Brucellosis causes abortions after the fifth month of pregnancy in cattle.
Brucellosis causes abortions in cattle and is contagious to humans.
Brucellosis causes bison and beef cattle to abort their calves.
Brucellosis causes cattle and bison to abort and lowers milk production.
Brucellosis causes cattle to abort, and in human beingss causes undulant fever.
Brucellosis causes female bison to abort their babies and reduces fertility and milk production.
Brucellosis infects humans rather readily.
Brucellosis is difficult to treat.
Brucellosis is negative.
Brucellosis is very difficult to treat successfully.
Brucellosis occurs in the northern part of the area.
Brucellosis occurs sporadically although risk to the traveller is low.
Brucellosis results from a gram-negative coccobacillus of which there are many varieties.
Brucellosis review, update, and vaccination program in the United States.
Brucellosises are bacterial infection.
Brucellosises are diseases.
Brucellosises are infectious diseases.
Brucellosises are zoonosis.
Brucellosis often causes female cattle to abort.
Brug flowers point downwards and are longer lasting.
A bruin is a bear
Bruins are above that sort of thing.
Bruins are bears.
Bruins are well represented with academic honors.
Bruins cruise after losing first game.
Bruins cruise the strip in search of hotels and entertainment, student style.
Bruins fall twice in the Bluff City.
Bruins gear up for the end of the season.
Bruins have ability to slug it out in half-court game but also are good in transition.
Bruins look to celebrate another championship.
Bruins sign multi-year sports marketing partnership.
Many Bruins continue to move up on the school's career lists.
Bruise is an injury
Bruise is diseases.
Bruise is injuries.
Bruise isa injury.
Bruise leaves with wooden spoon.
Bruise turns blackish purple.
Bruises adorn the body.
Bruises appear darker and more readily on people with fair skin.
Bruises appear often for no apparent reason.
Bruises Apply cold compresses for half an hour.
Bruises are a fact of life for Irish step dancers and are usually taken in stride.
Bruises are but wounds.
Bruises are caused by a single, traumatic blow to the foot, such as stepping on a piece of gravel.
Bruises are common but sometimes bones are broken.
Bruises are common.
Bruises are most common in older people whose skin is thinning with aging.
Bruises are transfer patterns.
Bruises can also occur after blood is drawn, or after injections, or shots are given.
Bruises can also occur in any sensitive structue, including the frog and the bulbs of the heels.
Bruises can appear at the joints of elbows and knees just from movement.
Bruises can cause significant losses.
Bruises can occur in some people who exercise rigorously, such as athletes and weight lifters.
Bruises cause a discoloration of the skin, turning the skin bluish in color.
Bruises change color as they heal .
Bruises change color over time.
Bruises cost the cattle industry millions of dollars each year.
Bruises develop without known trauma on the thighs, buttocks, and upper arms.
Bruises generally heal by themselves, though an ice pack can limit swelling.
Bruises get red, swollen and hurt.
Bruises get red, swollen, and hurt.
Bruises heal and pride returns.
Bruises heal faster because the motion eases off the collected blood beneath the skin.
Bruises indicate injuries.
Bruises look uglier than they really are sometimes.
Bruises make up a large and unnecessary loss to the industry.
Bruises never last long.
Bruises normally shrink with time .
Bruises occur from direct kicks to the shin, and can largely be prevented by wearing shin guards.
Bruises occur when tiny blood vessels under the skin are ruptured.
Bruises occurring under the cups indicate where the congestion has been.
Bruises refer to softening and discoloration of the flesh.
Bruises regularly appear, e.g., after stress of family, worker, visits on weekend.
Bruises result from too much pressure, while leakage results from too little.
Bruises result when a blunt injury causes underlying bleeding in a muscle or other soft tissues.
Bruises often result when skin is struck hard, as in a fall or blow.
Bruises often result when soft tissue is struck hard, as in a fall or blow.
Bruises usually happen when muscle tissue gets a sudden blow with a blunt object.
Bruises usually occur after an injury caused by blunt objects.
Bruises usually occur on the lower portion of the stem.
Bruises usually result from a blow or a fall.
Most bruises occur on the forehead.
Most bruises require no special treatment.
Bruised apples can decay quickly.
Bruised apples can decay relatively quickly.
Bruised egos are much easier to repair than wounded soldiers.
Bruised egos can stymie common sense.
Bruised feelings are a common occurrence in close relationships.
Bruised feelings make for ruined families, or worse, lawsuits.
Bruised fish means less tasty fish.
Bruised foliage has citronella-like smell.
Bruised foreheads are a common complaint.
Bruised indictments drum within a matrix of branched veins.
Bruised leaves have a sharp, unpleasant odor.
Bruised leaves yield a juice that drives away flies and aphids.
Bruised meat suggests a rough handled fish.
Bruised mint steeped in distilled water is a sure cure for hiccups.
Bruised needles smell like cedar chest or closet.
Bruised reeds are practically worthless and easily broken.
Bruised twigs have a disagreeable odor.
Bruiser isa man.
Bruisers have (part) arms.
Bruisers have (part) beard.
Bruisers have (part) body substances.
Bruisers have (part) cell membranes.
Bruisers have (part) cells.
Bruisers have (part) cytoplasm.
Bruisers have (part) heads.
Bruisers have (part) legs.
Bruisers have (part) man's bodies.
Bruisers have (part) necks.
Bruisers have (part) nuclei.
Bruisers have (part) personality.
Bruisers have (part) plasma membranes.
Bruisers have (part) sections.
Bruisers have (part) vacuoles.
Brumbaugh soils are on gently sloping mountain footslopes and colluvial fans.
Bruncan soils are extensive.
Bruncan soils are on tablelands, calderas, structural benches, plains and buttes.
Brunch items are more inventive.
Brunch lines are long, so come early to avoid the wait.
Brunch has (part) bread.
Brunch has (part) helpings.
Brunch has (part) sandwiches.
Brunch has (part) sauces.
Brunch has (part) servings.
Brunch has (part) side dishes.
Brunch has (part) side order.
Brunch is a meal
Brunch is meals.
Brunch is sources of energy.
Brunch isa meal.
Brunches are a big hit in our family.
Brunches are a family affair for the entertainment starved Mumbai clientele.
Brunches are also popular for the holiday.
Brunches are an excellent break from the cumbersome and hectic life of Mumbai.
Brunches are another fun way for people to get aquainted with the club.
Brunches are easiest to serve buffet style.
Brunches are very flexible.
Brunches feature a buffet selection of thirty food items and twenty-five wines from our cellars.
Brunches focus on graduates in either science and engineering or humanities and social sciences.
Brunches there are top notch, as well.
Brunei isa thing.
A brunet is a person
Brunet is a painful loss for Montreal.
Brunet is a self-described digital content creator.
Brunet is to compete in two finals.
Brunet provides Internet and e-mail services which are readily available.
Brunets are hair.
Brunets are people.
A brunette is a person
Brunette gets the best of a bone.
Brunette is quite wet and does a squirter shot.
Brunette models a great lingerie collection.
Brunette swirl all original with pale peach lips, starting to fade around the edges.
Brunette takes the bet, and the man jumps.
Brunettes are cool, too though.
Brunettes are humans.
Brunettes look better in deeper, brighter blue-based shades.
Brunettes look good too, they can always dye their hair if they want to be blonde instead.
Brunettes really do have more fun.
Brunettes tour and write about sex photos.
Brunswick isa thing.
Brush Creek enters the lake from the southeast, winding down through broad bogs from Brush Lake.
Brush Creek is a school from Santa Rosa, California.
Brush Creek is visible to far left side.
Brush fire destroys available food sources.
Brush fire destroys food sources.
Brush fire destroys sources.
Brush fire is fire
More brush fires are on the horizon as continued dry conditions prevail.
Most brush fire destroys available food sources.
Most brush fire destroys food sources.
Most brush fire destroys sources.
Some brush rabbits eat bait.
Some brush rabbits live in tunnels.
Every brush stroke is a right to left motion.
A brush is vegetation
Brush isa vegetation.
Brushes are also essential to keep the hair clean.
Brushes are also useful for oiling the grate prior to placing the food on the grill.
Brushes are an investment.
Brushes are ancient and elegant tools.
Brushes are another useful set of tools.
Brushes are blocks of a soft carbon material much like a lead pencil.
Brushes are easier to clean if the paint is fresh, and a brush scrubber is handy.
Brushes are expensive.
Brushes are extremely important.
Brushes are good because they make the job easy.
Brushes are good for getting into crevices and corners, but frankly, pressure is better.
Brushes are great for stubborn spots and hard to reach areas.
Brushes are in fact more important for watercolors than for oil painting.
Brushes are inexpensive and easy to replace in the field.
Brushes are kept in place by brush holders, which contain the brush and a spring.
Brushes are laydown type.
Brushes are more realistic than ever.
Brushes are no good in vacuum.
Brushes are non-breakable and can dig out dirt without scratching metal.
Brushes are replaceable without dismounting the motor.
Brushes are replaceable, ideal for vinyl liner pools.
Brushes are replaceable.
Brushes are so important.
Brushes are the one of the most important parts of a generator.
Brushes are too slow.
Brushes are what makes up the levels themselves and include walls, water, doors, bridges, etc.
Brushes block surface with vaseline to hold wheels or clicks in place.
Brushes can add to the drama.
Brushes can also add objects such as trees, clouds or grass to animations.
Brushes can fail, but usually the failure mode is that something pulls too much current through it.
Brushes can pick up and hang on to pigment.
Brushes cement on shoe parts.
Brushes come in a wide variety of sizes and styles.
Brushes come in various shapes.
Brushes come next.
Brushes cores with oil to prevent cores from cracking.
Brushes cover wider areas, good for thick lines and for filling in shapes.
Brushes create frizz.
Brushes crown with melted wax to ensure retention of shape during further processing.
Brushes form all the walls, and shapes on our levels.
Brushes glue on wood or fiber pegs, and hammers pegs into holes in last.
Brushes glue over sides and ends of casket body, top frame, and top panel.
Brushes make more contact with the skin.
Brushes oxide on ornamentation of hollowware, such as bowls, trays, and coffee pots.
Brushes paste wax onto inside surfaces of mold halves to facilitate removal of molded form.
Brushes provide better results with no extra effort.
Brushes raise the potentially marring plastic off the work and keep it safe.
Brushes removes any number of input colors and outputs a single color.
Brushes require maintenance, and commutators can wear out.
Brushes stir dust and other debris into the water, resulting in a cloudy pool.
Brushes suede to raise nap.
Brushes take many forms and perform many functions, and the list grows longer each day.
Brushes use either natural or synthetic bristles, or a blend.
Brushes used with alkyd can range from the highest grades of bristle to sable and imitation sable.
Brushes uses a definable filter.
Brushes wash out in water.
Brushes wear much faster when wet.
Brushes work in pairs across each other.
Brushs are contact.
Brushs are dental care.
Brushs are electrical devices.
Brushs are fights.
Brushs are hair care.
Brushs are implements.
Brushs are located in cabinets.
Brushs are located in garages.
Brushs are part of electric motors.
Brushs are part of generators.
Brushs are tails.
Brushs are touch.
Brushs are used for brushs.
Brushs are used for paint.
Brushs are used for paintings.
Brushs are vegetation.
Brushes Always use a good-quality brush.
All brush is to be stacked by hand only.
All brushes are approx.
All brushes feature seamless ferrules and natural bristles for long life and professional results.
Every brush is welcome for nice watercolors.
Most brushes are natural bristles with wood backs and leather handles.
Some brush is good and many species also provide food and cover.
Some brush species.
Some brushes also have an attachment for cleaning inside the opening of the battery cable.
Some brushes are adept at picking up lint, brush hairs, and water impurities.
Some brushes are pretty standard, such as the various circle-shaped brushes to be used for drawing.
Some brushes are too abrasive and can wear down teeth.
Some brushes are too abrasive and can wear down the enamel on teeth.
Some brushes attract bluebirds.
Some brushes can damage a bronze patina or a soft stone.
Some brushes have a rope attached to one end to pull the brush up and down the chimney.
Brushable consistency add the entire gallon container of liquid to the bucket.
Brushable formula is well suited to contoured trap surfaces.
Brushless fans generate less electric noise, meaning better for computers.
Brushtail possums have large eyes and erect, prominent ears.
Brushwood also puts on a number of different events.
Brushwood is on the left with a sign.
Brushwood is wood
Brushwood is wood.
Brushy boarders are important for nesting and brooding.
Brushy borders are important for nesting and brooding.
Brushy Creek includes upland woodland, savanna, and prairie communities.
Brushy Mountain apples.
Brusnitchnoe lock is the first lock when coming from the Sea.
Brut nature is considered bone dry, whereas a simple brut has no perceptible sweetness.
Brutal cops are just as dangerous as any career criminal to the law enforcement community.
Brutal governments are abhorrent.
Brutal honesty lights the fuse that fires the flames.
Brutal honesty works well.
Brutal murder is probably a better way to go than starvation.
Brutal murders lead to a bizarre trial.
Brutal neglect is the common theme of many of the orphanage scenes.
Brutal truth is Brutally bad.
Brutal waves shove ships aside Crazy people raise crazy voices.
A brutality is inhumanity
Brutalities are atrocities.
Brutality breeds brutality.
Brutality is a purposeful attack on another being.
Brutality is a tournament exclusion.
Brutality is brutality, be it man or beast.
Brutality is cheap, humanity expensive - in the short run.
Brutality is commonplace in Russian culture.
Brutality is never synonymous with strength.
Brutality routs Superstition.
Brutality runs like a wire thread through their daily domestic fabric.
Brutality surrounds their false serenity.
All brutalities seem toonly belong to the military and the police.
More brutality follows.
Brutalization is a cycle.
Brutalization is an activity
Brutalization is the typical experience of a small child, with warning signs that are obvious.
Brute facts are what are independent of our agreements.
Brute force cracking the key is out of question.
Brute force crushes many plants.
Brute force is fine for simple things, but the biggest test lab can only do so much stress testing.
Brute force is out of fashion.
Brute force is political power.
Brute force is the last resort of the incompetent.
Brute force is the underlying principle of our prison system, whether civil or military.
Brute force is ugly, but sometimes one has no choice.
Brute speed is an idiot intelligence.
Brute strength equals unattractive form or packaging.
Brute strength is revered when bringing the quarry out of the hole in the ice.
Brute strength is used to force the corer deep enough for a sample.
A brute is an attacker
Brutes are among the heaviest lighting fixtures used in the industry.
Brutes compare but imperfectly.
Brutes go by instinct, men by reason.
Brutes have memory.
Brutish thugs infected with the plaque threaten to break into homes unless bribed.
Bryan boilers are easier to install and maintain, perform better, last longer.
Bryan family retains control of company with closely held stock.
Bryan schools are among the best in the state and tout a high graduation rate.
Bryan students have access to our nationally distributed tape library.
Bryan isa thing.
Bryological data indicates the disappearance of a number of moss species.
A bryony is a vine
Bryony can fly three working sails, the main stays'l, and jib.
Bryony can keep six people busy or can be sailed by one.
A bryophyte is an organism
Bryophyte isa organism.
Bryophytes absorb nutrients.
Bryophytes also prefer living in shady places such as ravines and forest.
Bryophytes are a group of plants made up of mosses, liverworts, and hornworts.
Bryophytes are a type of pollen grain.
Bryophytes are among the simplest of the terrestrial plants.
Bryophytes are an important type of plant and include liverworts, some mosses and hornworts.
Bryophytes are anchored by tubular cells or filaments of cells, called rhizoids.
Bryophytes are anchored by vascular roots.
Bryophytes are believed to be the earliest type of terrestrial plants.
Bryophytes are considered as the amphibians of the plant kingdom.
Bryophytes are desiccation tolerant.
Bryophytes are distributed throughout the world, from polar and alpine regions to the tropics.
Bryophytes are ecologically important as ground cover in bogs.
Bryophytes are examples of haploid-dominant organisms.
Bryophytes are fungi and they are the most common moss that people think of.
Bryophytes are good nest-making material for birds.
Bryophytes are green plants that lack a specialized vascular or conductive system.
Bryophytes are however abundant and thrive in the humid and cool conditions.
Bryophytes are known as the non- vascular plant since the xylem and phloem is absent.
Bryophytes are low-growing because they lack vascular tissue.
Bryophytes are moss.
Bryophytes are mosses, liverworts, and hornworts.
Bryophytes are most abundant in climates that are constantly humid and equable.
Bryophytes are non-vascular plants that live in damp places.
Bryophytes are nonvascular plants.
Bryophytes are plants that lack specialized tissues for the transport of water.
Bryophytes are relatively small plants since they lack a vascular system to transport water.
Bryophytes are seedless plants without specialized water-conducting tissues.
Bryophytes are simple plants with few specialized organs and tissues.
Bryophytes are small in size and require water outside the plant for reproduction.
Bryophytes are small, inconspicuous, simple, and seem poorly adapted.
Bryophytes are small, nonvascular plants that first evolved approx.
Bryophytes are thalloid organisms with simple multicellular body.
Bryophytes are the earliest multicellular plant pioneers.
Bryophytes are the group of plants that are the closest extant relative of early terrestrial plants.
Bryophytes are the plants growing in moist and shady places.
Bryophytes are the second largest group of green land plants.
Bryophytes are very old land plants.
Bryophytes are very similar to each other and fundamentally similar to flowering plants.
Bryophytes belong to a primitive group of plants.
Bryophytes can reproduce vegetatively in various ways.
Bryophytes do have chlorophyll and conduct photosynthesis.
Bryophytes form a division of the plant kingdom and include liverworts, mosses and hornworts.
Bryophytes generally are photosynthetic, having chlorophyll to transform sunlight into energy.
Bryophytes generally have much wider geographic ranges than vascular plants.
Bryophytes have (part) cell membranes.
Bryophytes have (part) cells.
Bryophytes have (part) corpi.
Bryophytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Bryophytes have (part) nuclei.
Bryophytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Bryophytes have (part) sections.
Bryophytes have (part) vacuoles.
Bryophytes have a dominant gametophyte and a dependent sporophyte.
Bryophytes have a unique life cycle in the plant community.
Bryophytes have a. true roots, stems, and leaves.
Bryophytes have features.
Bryophytes have many ingenious mechanisms to assist in dispersal of their spores.
Bryophytes have nuclei.
Bryophytes have organs.
Bryophytes have structural features.
Bryophytes have various features.
Bryophytes have various structural features.
Bryophytes have very simple seeds.
Bryophytes have xylem and phloem a.
Bryophytes include moss.
Bryophytes lack an endodermis and they are unable to maintain large aerial systems.
Bryophytes lack vascular tissue and are short in size.
Bryophytes lack vessels.
Bryophytes live in moist areas.
Bryophytes occur in all types of environments, except salt water.
Bryophytes provide many ecological and economic benefits.
Bryophytes reproduce both asexually and sexually.
Bryophytes show a wealth of adaptive features to all kinds of climates, substrates and habitats.
Bryophytes survive on bare rock in arctic conditions under low light levels as epiphytes.
Bryophytes thus prefer moist and shaded habitats where a thin film of water is available.
Bryophytes undergo alternation of generations.
All bryophytes can absorb water through the entire body surface.
All bryophytes can reproduce vegetatively, as well as sexually.
All bryophytes have a sporic life cycle that is oogamous.
Many Bryophytes are highly specialized, and found in restricted habitats.
Many bryophytes produce gemmae.
Most bryophytes absorb nutrients.
Most bryophytes are capable of vegetative propagation.
Most bryophytes are small in size and grow in clusters forming cookie cutter shapes.
Most bryophytes have nuclei.
Most bryophytes have organs.
Most bryophytes have structural features.
Most bryophytes have various features.
Most bryophytes have various structural features.
Most bryophytes live in moist habitats on land, although many actually live in the water.
Some bryophytes do have specialized tissues for the transport of water.
Some bryophytes grow exclusively in dark, damp environments in order to provide moisture.
Some bryophytes grow in lawns.
Some bryophytes have gametophyte stages.
Some bryophytes have rhizoids.
Some bryophytes have stages.
Some bryophytes lack tissue.
Some bryophytes lack vascular tissue.
Some bryophytes make food.
Some bryophytes produce compounds.
Some bryophytes produce relate compounds.
Some bryophytes require water.
A bryozoan is an invertebrate
Bryozoan species diversity from the fossil record.
Bryozoans also have a U-shaped digestive tract.
Bryozoans are almost entirely colony-forming animals .
Bryozoans are almost entirely colony-forming animals.
Bryozoans are always colonial and almost always live in marine environments.
Bryozoans are colonial animals in the Phylum Bryozoa.
Bryozoans are colonial animals, a collaborative group of specialized individuals, called zooids.
Bryozoans are colonial microscopic animals that occur in both freshwater and seawater.
Bryozoans are colonial, filter-feeding organisms that are almost entirely marine.
Bryozoans are ecologically important in the Indian River Lagoon due to their feeding method.
Bryozoans are filter feeders, so prefer clear water to live in.
Bryozoans are filter feeding animals that form colonies or attach to rock surfaces.
Bryozoans are important in a kind of ecosystem way.
Bryozoans are invertebrates.
Bryozoans are microscopic individuals that form complex colonies.
Bryozoans are moderately tolerant of variations in environmental conditions.
Bryozoans are mostly marine, but some species are estuarine or freshwater.
Bryozoans are often twig or fan shaped.
Bryozoans are small colonial organisms that live in marine waters all around the earth.
Bryozoans are suspension feeding, sessile, marine or freshwater organisms.
Bryozoans band together into colonies to make it easier to capture food as it floats past.
Bryozoans bear a striking resemblance to coral, but they are more closely related to brachiopods.
Bryozoans can reproduce both sexually and asexually .
Bryozoans can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Bryozoans dislike siltation and prefer clear water.
Bryozoans grow colonies.
Bryozoans have no special respiratory or excretory organs.
Bryozoans have several predators, including sea slugs, urchins, fish.
Bryozoans lace corals are beautiful living fossils.
Bryozoans live in standing and flowing water.
Bryozoans look a lot like corals, but are a different kind of marine animal.
Bryozoans reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Bryozoans show several evolutionary trends.
Bryozoans use ciliated tentacles to filter suspended particles as in the photo at left.
All bryozoans are colonial and most are marine.
Some bryozoans encrust rocky surfaces, shells, or algae.
Some bryozoans form colonies through connection of individual units by stolons.
Bryrhaven kittens are available periodically, year-round.
All BSCP students have their own unique story.
BSDi support is worth every cent.
BSE confusion leads to two tier beef trade.
BSG board hears fiscal proposal.
BSG conferences bring together a rich variety of perspectives.
All BSOB elevators are compliant as long as power is available.
Bt corn contains a gene from Bacillus thuringiensis, a soil bacterium.
Bt corn contains genes from a bacterium called Bacillus thuringiensis.
Bt corn has little effect on beneficial insects.
Bt corn is a great technology.
Bt corn is a hot political issue.
Bt corn is a novel tool for managing a serious insect pest of corn.
Bt corn is a type of corn that has been genetically modified.
Bt corn is among the first major commercial successes for agricultural biotechnology.
Bt corn is an effective control option for southwestern corn borer.
Bt corn is an example of genetically engineered corn that has been approved for human consumption.
Bt corn is designed to fend off the European corn borer.
Bt corn is grown commercially in Canada, the United States and South America.
Bt corn is protected against the European corn borer, a common crop pest.
Bt corn is resistant to corn borer and toxic fungi.
Bt corn is resistant to the corn borer, a pest that can devastate corn crops.
Bt corn is spliced with a naturally occurring plant pesticide known as bacillus thuringiensis.
Bt corn is unlikely to harm monarch butterflies.
Bt corn refuges for insect resistance management and conservation of natural enemies.
Bt cotton is an example.
Bt cotton is now one of the most widely used transgenic crops.
Bt cotton is valuable technology for growers.
Bt cotton produces a toxin which helps protect the plant against the bollworm-budworm complex.
Bt cotton repels the boll weevil.
Bt hybrids are resistant for the entire season, others only until silking.
Bt products are available in most home garden centers and from mail order suppliers.
Bt products come in spray, dust, granular, or pellet form.
Bt products registered for use on Brassica crops kill only caterpillars.
Bt production is also very important.
Bt proteins are highly specific to particular insect species.
Bt spores are quite short lived and disappear quickly after application.
Most Bt strains are insect pathogens that cause disease in specific groups of insects.
Bt toxins are the most effective way of controlling pests.
A bubble bath is a bath
Bubble bath awaits anyone wishing to enjoy the clawfoot tub.
Bubble bath can cause frequent urination in children, especially girls.
Bubble bath can irritate the opening of the urinary tract.
Bubble bath is provided for the whirlpool tubs.
Bubble baths are also a common irritant that can cause itching in the vaginal area.
Bubble baths are baths.
Bubble baths are fun for six year olds.
Bubble baths cause a desire to bathes.
Bubble baths hide everything.
Bubble boy uses the services called scriptlet.typelib and eyedog.
Bubble canopy is located well forward on the nose.
A bubble chamber is a particle detector
Bubble chambers are an older type of detector.
Bubble eye goldfishes have eyes.
Bubble Ghost shows what can be done with a simple concept.
Bubble gum comes in many flavors .
Bubble gum comes in many flavors.
Bubble gum contains rubber.
Bubble gum is gum
Bubble gum is located in stores.
Bubble gum is made with organic latex , a milky fluid produced by a variety of seed plants .
Bubble gum is made with organic latex, a milky fluid produced by a variety of seed plants.
Bubble memory is well suited to rugged applications especially military.
Bubble netting is part instinct and part learned behavior.
Bubble netting is used to describe changes in water chemistry in the ocean.
A bubble pack is a packaging
Bubble pack is the best bet.
Bubble pipes are always fun especially at bath time.
Bubble play helps children understand surface tension, light refraction, and spatial relations.
Bubble plots show the relative magnitude of one variable in relation to two other variables.
Bubble plots show three dimensions of data.
Bubble Screen Turn the handle to raise a rod from a tank of soapy water.
Bubble sheets are available from Test Scoring.
Bubble solution comes in a plain plastic bottle with wand in cap.
Bubble solution improves with age.
Bubble sort is also stable, but is very inefficient.
Bubble sort is an elementary and very slow sorting algorithm.
Bubble sort is easy to program and so is a useful sorting algorithm for small arrays.
Bubble sort is one of many different sorting methods.
Bubble sort moves elements only a short distance and the array crawls into sorted order.
Bubble sorts are the least efficient of sorting algorithms, but are the simplest to write.
Bubble Trouble Do while the game is in play.
Bubble velocity equals interstitial velocity of the mobile phase.
Bubble wand is inside.
Bubble wrap helps small rodents maintain body temperature.
Bubble wrap is a plastic sheet with soft air-filled blisters.
Bubble wrap is a strange device generally used for packing material.
Bubble wrap is another example of plastic sheet or plastic wrap or film, all of which is recyclable.
Bubble wrap is excellent for protecting ceramics, but layers of newspaper work just as well.
Bubble wrap is fine.
Bubble wrap is more expensive, but very effective in protecting items.
Bubble wrap is one material that has shown insulating potential.
Bubble wrap is recommended for all framed items.
Bubble wrap is used to help protect the product during shipping.
Bubble wrap works extremely well.
Bubble wrap works nice on power supply, etc.
Bubble wraps are located in post offices.
Bubble Zones restrict close approach to someone entering or leaving a clinic.
A bubble is a globule
Bubble dies once it bursts.
Bubble has a crack in it on the right side.
Bubble has dents.
Bubble has the most wonderful accent in the series.
Bubble is dented.
Bubble is gathered at high waist.
Bubble is mint.
Bubble is now more mature.
Bubble is pure pop, though.
Bubble is pushed in at top.
Bubble is pushed in.
Bubble is straight, but slight yellowing.
Bubble is yellowed with age.
Bubble isa globule.
Bubble loves eating.
Bubble offers superior cushioning is lightweight for ease of handling and reduced shipping costs.
Bubble romper, with a nice embroidered design on the front.
Bubble skylights expose the color-coded mechanical systems suspended above.
Bubble sort a linked list.
Bubble trajectories influence gas absorption.
Bubbles also has more rounded fins.
Bubbles also pop when they touch dry surfaces.
Bubbles appear first at the anode, and much later at the cathode.
Bubbles appear where a problem exists.
Bubbles are a direct line to the heart.
Bubbles are a fine celebratory substitute.
Bubbles are a really good sign.
Bubbles are an inexpensive and creative way to spend some time having fun.
Bubbles are an infinitely engaging activity.
Bubbles are bad.
Bubbles are better in the early evening, early morning and nighttime.
Bubbles are bits of air or gas trapped inside a liquid ball.
Bubbles are bits of air or gas trapped inside of a liquid ball.
Bubbles are capable of bursts.
Bubbles are capable of double trouble.
Bubbles are covering.
Bubbles are easy to point at in hindsight, but hard to identify beforehand.
Bubbles are easy to see.
Bubbles are especially good targets because they ring like a bell.
Bubbles are everywhere.
Bubbles are for everyone from babies to adults.
Bubbles are fun while they last.
Bubbles are illusion.
Bubbles are in the bathtub.
Bubbles are inherent in the way the system works.
Bubbles are located in swimming pools.
Bubbles are located in water.
Bubbles are made of soap.
Bubbles are more frightening than corrections, which are ultimately healthy and necessary.
Bubbles are pockets of air or gas that are trapped inside a thin skin of liquid.
Bubbles are round when floating in the air because of air pressure.
Bubbles are sticky and slick.
Bubbles bear no introspection.
Bubbles begin to be created in the base of the heating water first.
Bubbles blow from brown-furred nostrils.
Bubbles blow into the water through the tube.
Bubbles break the surface of the pool.
Bubbles burst and bubbles come back.
Bubbles burst when people lose money and it is happening.
Bubbles can also be a thin, ball-shaped film of liquid that has gas trapped inside.
Bubbles can be fun and instructive any time of year.
Bubbles can be troublesome in the gravity-free environment of space.
Bubbles can break condoms.
Bubbles can cause air embolism, necrosis, and permanent loss of sexual function.
Bubbles can cause pin holes or craters in the varnish as it dries.
Bubbles can develop in products through electrolysis, oxidation, or microbiological action.
Bubbles can look cute.
Bubbles can result in varying levels of background across the slide surface.
Bubbles can sink in stout.
Bubbles can then grow by absorbing additional lipids and dividing.
Bubbles can therefore form along the track of a charged particle, and make it visible.
Bubbles carry surprisingly complex Shiraz fruit.
Bubbles cause bubbles.
Bubbles cause two sorts of problems.
Bubbles come out of the rear of the sub.
Bubbles contain gases.
Bubbles continuously float through the air providing a dreamy atmosphere all night long.
Bubbles Create a chemical reaction.
Bubbles create a great photo opportunity for weddings, kids parties and dances.
Bubbles Create geometric art with soap films.
Bubbles Cute little bottle of bubbles with tartan ribbon.
Bubbles deals with the small spheres that form between individuals.
Bubbles dissipate fast.
Bubbles do better in the cool, shade.
Bubbles enable dough to rise, helping form high, light, loaves.
Bubbles enable doughs to rise, helping form high, light, finely- textured loaves.
Bubbles eventually burst, and when they do there can be huge swings in asset prices.
Bubbles exist and they are irrational.
Bubbles explode if three of same color come together.
Bubbles Explore everything from giant body bubbles to bubble walls.
Bubbles facinate both children and adults.
Bubbles fall into two categories, wanted and unwanted.
Bubbles flow upwards because they are less dense than the liquid they are in.
Bubbles form simultaneously at more than one orifice of the plate.
Bubbles form slowly and collapse below the surface.
Bubbles form the interfaces across which gas dissolves into liquid.
Bubbles formed are then of extremely small diameter which give a high surface area to volume ratio.
Bubbles generate much of the high-frequency noise in the ocean.
Bubbles go everywhere.
Bubbles has movable ears and an adjustable length tongue.
Bubbles has new and old beads, big and little and a smorgasbord of doodads to rummage through.
Bubbles have a certain surface free energy that always is minimized.
Bubbles have a natural frequency that depends on their size.
Bubbles have pressure.
Bubbles have three stages.
Bubbles hunts down tinsel.
Bubbles imply misallocation of real resources as well as financial resources.
Bubbles indicate a crack or leak in the block.
Bubbles indicate a leak.
Bubbles indicate a positive reaction for catalase .
Bubbles indicate air pockets in the root ball.
Bubbles indicate buckling failure of the rib plates under wheel load.
Bubbles indicate degradation of the metal.
Bubbles indicate gas escaping and loose connections.
Bubbles indicate leaks.
Bubbles indicate that the drill bit is approaching a high-pressure zone.
Bubbles instantly disappear.
Bubbles likes to stay clean and is bathed regularly.
Bubbles look great on the way up, but are hell on the way down.
Bubbles love moisture so right after a rain also works well.
Bubbles Make some bubbles to blow around during the summer.
Bubbles mean a leak.
Bubbles never dissipate.
Bubbles now float properly on clients.
Bubbles pop on dry surfaces.
Bubbles pop up at the squares where a piece moved from.
Bubbles provide both agitation and also some oxygen which enhances the process.
Bubbles pumped into the tank show the aerodynamic patterns.
Bubbles recognizes the wife of the town's wealthiest man at the scene of a murder.
Bubbles reduce bulk modulus of material.
Bubbles reflect stress but the immune response equals strain on the system.
Bubbles remarks that it's amazing how ex-ressies are referred to in college.
Bubbles represent the food.
Bubbles resembling stars twinkle in the dark.
Bubbles rise along the right side of the image, while light streaks through the deep blues.
Bubbles rise from sandy holes.
Bubbles rise from the bottom of screen toward bubble pods.
Bubbles rise only from the green areas.
Bubbles rise through the viscous liquid, then pop, leaving rings on the surface.
Bubbles rise to the top and become trapped in the test tubes.
Bubbles rise up from the breath hole.
Bubbles rise up through the solution.
Bubbles rising on a vertical rock face can scour.
Bubbles seen in the foot webs and under the skin indicate good water oxygen levels for frogs.
Bubbles seen rising to the surface are due to steam, carbon dioxide and other gasses.
Bubbles show that the yeast is ready to go to work.
Bubbles start to build.
Bubbles start to form on the egg shell immediately, which increase in number as time goes on.
Bubbles stick to the puzzle walls or to each other.
Bubbles take up space, so the capacity of our pump drops.
Bubbles teaches beading, wirework and lampwork classes.
Bubbles thrive in high humidity.
Bubbles using different objects Take a straw and dip one end in the solution.
Bubbles work best on an over cast day.
Bubbles usually start as a film, for instance in a bubble wand.
All bubbles are clean and clear unless noted.
All bubbles are non toxic and non staining.
All bubbles burst, with predictably dire consequences for many participants.
All bubbles burst.
Every bubble does tend to resemble others before it.
Many bubbles generally cause bends symptoms.
More bubbles mean a better heat transfer process and a cooler computer chip.
Most bubbles contain gases.
Most bubbles have pressure.
Some bubbles fill with air.
Some bubbles have advantage.
Some bubbles leave the egg, and some remain attached to the egg, enabling it to float.
Bubbled paint is another sure giveaway.
A bubbler is a fountain
Bubblers are the first level of preschool classes.
Bubblers issue a gentler flow of water from the floor of the tub.
Bubbly opacity is seen over the left hemithorax.
A bubo is a lymph node
A bubo is a symptom
Bubo is a frog-dog with bulging black eyes and a protruding lower jaw filled with sharp teeth.
Bubo means horned owl.
Bubonic plague begins in China and India, killing an estimated three million over the next decade.
Bubonic plague breaks out in England.
Bubonic plague causes very painful, swollen lymph nodes, called buboes.
Bubonic plague constitutes about three-fourths of plague cases.
Bubonic plague has a vaccine.
Bubonic plague is a severe infection in humans and many species of rodents.
Bubonic plague is among the more virulent infectious diseases.
Bubonic plague is an epidemic disease
Bubonic plague is diseases.
Bubonic plague is located in attics.
Bubonic plague is one of the disease's three forms.
Bubonic plague is plague.
Bubonic plague is primarily a disease of rodents, spread by fleas.
Bubonic plague is seen in the swellings, or buboes.
Bubonic plague is spread through the bite of fleas infected with the bacteria.
Bubonic plague is the medical term.
Bubonic plague is transmitted by fleas.
Bubonic plague is transmitted by the rat flea.
Bubonic plague occurs primarily in areas where there are large communities of burrowing rodents.
Bubonic plague occurs when the infection primarily involves the human lymphatic system.
Bubonic plague spreads through France, then England.
Bubonic plaque remains in the offing,'' the report says.
Bubur vendors are easy to spot.
A buccal cavity is a structure
Buccal cavity contains jaw like radula.
Buccal cells are safe, easy to obtain and use as a smear on specially prepared slides.
Buccal cells have a high cytoplasm to nucleus structure facilitating mineral analysis.
Buccal mucosa has several properties that make it an ideal free graft in reconstructive surgery.
Buccal oscillations serve mainly to flush out the buccal cavity between ventilatory cycles.
Buccal smears are readily available, predictable, and easy to interpret.
Buccal swab is also available for adults as an option to blood collection.
Buccal swabs allow efficient and reliable microsatellite genotyping in amphibians.
Buccal swabs are better than blood.
Buccolingual inclination is used to assess the buccolingual angulation of the posterior teeth.
Buccopharyngeal denticles occur only on the tip of tongue and front of palate.
Buccopharyngeal denticles occur only on the tongue and front-third of palate.
Buck Island boasts famous underwater national park.
Buck Island builds a bridge between agriculture and ecology.
Buck Island has a lovely beach and fabulous snorkeling and diving trails.
Buck Island is a national marine park.
Buck Lake has a school-based committee that is working with rezoning issues.
Buck moths emerge from pupas.
Most buck moths emerge from pupas.
A buck is a horse
Buck changes from a civilized house dog to a wild beast.
Buck gathers details at the site.
Buck isa mammal.
Buck knees cause unstableness.
Buck lies by the fire and dreams about the past.
Buck loves to garden, likes taking care of camellias and now takes low fat cooking classes.
Buck moves through the snow as if in a nightmare.
Buck notes that in some cultures dogs are eaten.
Buck overhears it.
Buck pump dumpin dem bodies, come again, dumpin dem bodies.
Buck runs away again.
Buck sets out on a mission to get to the truth.
Buck states that the unique pivoting system allows a variety of configurations.
Buck watches apprehensively as they clumsily take down the camp, improperly rolling the tent.
Bucks advertise their presence by constantly moving around in the area of the stand whilst groaning.
Bucks also begin to seek out does in heat and also begin to signposting.
Bucks also eat more than does, and destroy thier fences more frequently.
Bucks also has one of the youngest populations in the region.
Bucks also have a change in normal behaviour prior to breeding.
Bucks also seem to select trees that have an aromatic quality.
Bucks approach scrapes from downwind.
Bucks are a good sleeper pick for Pasadena right now.
Bucks are affected before does are affected, so keep bucks in the coolest part of the rabbitry.
Bucks are also one of the most collected names in cutlery.
Bucks are deers.
Bucks are extremely sensitive to hunting pressure when they're on a pattern.
Bucks are generally what are thought to be temperamental and smelly animals.
Bucks are harder to find then.
Bucks are in their prime during late fall.
Bucks are larger and more laid-back than does.
Bucks are larger bodied than does with thicker necks and broader chests.
Bucks are longer than does and have a harsher coat.
Bucks are male animals.
Bucks are placentals.
Bucks are primarily solitary animals.
Bucks are territorial all year round, again depending on size, age and status.
Bucks are unreasonably proud of their urine and politely urinate in their own beards.
Bucks are what has given goats their stinky reputation.
Bucks assemble the does in groups and fight off rivals.
Bucks become aggressive and territorial during the fall rut, driving away younger male competitors.
Bucks become very agitated and possessive when they think their areas are being challenged.
Bucks begin antler development in spring and antler size depends on both age and nutrition.
Bucks begin growing their first rack of antlers in the spring following their birth.
Bucks begin to spar with their antlers as a test of strength and a way to establish dominance.
Bucks breathe breaths.
Bucks breathe last breaths.
Bucks can successfully serve six to eight does during a single rut-ring season.
Bucks come out of hiding and start chasing Does.
Bucks commonly fight each other during the rut.
Bucks cover lots of ground searching for receptive does.
Bucks develop a fearsome kype and continue to slash out at brightly-colored streamers.
Bucks do smell during breeding season, however they do smell good to the does.
Bucks establish dominance.
Bucks expend large amounts of energy during the rut.
Bucks fight each other by clashing antlers to determine who can mate with a particular female.
Bucks fight for dominance.
Bucks Finding a likely spot to arrow a buck is like putting a puzzle together.
Bucks generally live alone or in small groups.
Bucks get downright ornery during the mating season.
Bucks grow a new set of antlers each year, which they shed after the breeding season.
Bucks grow antlers each year that reach five to six feet in spread.
Bucks grow antlers that are covered in velvet each summer, as elk do too.
Bucks grow antlers.
Bucks grow new antlers each year.
Bucks has some of the most active municipalities in the state when it comes to open space.
Bucks have (part) brains.
Bucks have (part) breasts.
Bucks have (part) cell membranes.
Bucks have (part) cells.
Bucks have (part) chest cavities.
Bucks have (part) chests.
Bucks have (part) corpi.
Bucks have (part) cytoplasm.
Bucks have (part) ears.
Bucks have (part) faces.
Bucks have (part) heads.
Bucks have (part) nuclei.
Bucks have (part) pedal extremities.
Bucks have (part) piluses.
Bucks have (part) plasma membranes.
Bucks have (part) rib cages.
Bucks have (part) sections.
Bucks have (part) skulls.
Bucks have (part) sterna.
Bucks have (part) vacuoles.
Bucks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Bucks have a blocky head and body compared to a doe of the same breed.
Bucks have a dark stripe down the back and older males grow a long, dark beard.
Bucks have a dark stripe on their front legs and one down their back, as well as a dark beard.
Bucks have a sixth sense called vomolcation.
Bucks have antlers which are shed once a year.
Bucks have antlers which fork once, and each fork divides again.
Bucks have antlers.
Bucks have dark brown to black bodies with white bellies and eye rings.
Bucks have large and beautiful antlers which are dropped each year.
Bucks have large antlers.
Bucks have large, flattened, shovel-shaped antlers.
Bucks have long, lyre-shaped horns.
Bucks have mass measurements.
Bucks have measurements.
Bucks have sharp antlers, as well as tusks which can do serious damage to foxes, dogs and humans.
Bucks have territory.
Bucks have to work harder at being a buck.
Bucks lead, two games to one.
Bucks locate a willing doe and discourage other competitors until mating occurs.
Bucks lose their caution searching for does.
Bucks love hot weather because they get lots of does to breed.
Bucks love patches of trees.
Bucks love to rub and scrape in old logging roads.
Bucks make a bucket.
Bucks make scrapes to attract does.
Bucks mark territory.
Bucks mature and age, much as a man does, from boyhood to adulthood.
Bucks normally shed their antlers each year.
Bucks offers a variety of assocaites degree programs as well as several certificate programs.
Bucks remain on team.
Bucks remove the velvet from their antlers on small trees and shrubs.
Bucks respond to rattling much more frequently than does do.
Bucks rub antlers.
Bucks rub their antlers against trees and shrubs.
Bucks rub trees to mark territories and strengthen their neck muscles for fighting.
Bucks run rub lines and scrape lines in the same places each year.
Bucks settle dominance disputes before the breeding season begins.
Bucks shed antlers.
Bucks shed their antlers each winter.
Bucks take a long time to fully mature and can continue growing into their second year.
Bucks tend to antlers.
Bucks traveling the sides of ridges tend to cross at points that extend from the main ridgeline.
Bucks typically open primary scrapes in the same locations year after year.
Bucks typically visit the various doe family units in their home range checking for estrous does.
Bucks use their antlers to establish who is boss.
Bucks Watch out for greed.
Bucks weigh pounds.
Bucks win national title.
Bucks frequently have more white hair than does.
Bucks frequently have more white hairs through the coat than does.
Bucks often abandon scrapes altogether when does start coming into estrus.
Bucks often congregate in bachelor groups composed of neighboring bucks.
Bucks often fight fierce antler battles to defend their territory.
Bucks often lose weight during the breeding season, but regain it during spring.
Bucks usually have antlers by their second year, and eight points by the fifth.
Many bucks never reach their potential.
Most bucks breathe last breaths.
Most bucks establish dominance.
Most bucks fight for dominance.
Most bucks have antlers.
Most bucks have large antlers.
Most bucks have mass measurements.
Most bucks have measurements.
Most bucks have oral contact with the doe's rear end as part of courtship behavior.
Most bucks have territory.
Most bucks mark territory.
Most bucks rub antlers.
Most bucks shed antlers.
Most bucks tend to antlers.
Most bucks weigh pounds.
Some bucks also have lower sperm counts than others.
Some bucks attain maturity.
Some bucks cause damage.
Some bucks cause extensive damage.
Some bucks challenge old warriors.
Some bucks challenge warriors.
Some bucks disperse from areas.
Some bucks engage in battles.
Some bucks engage in mock battles.
Some bucks have conspicuous black patches.
Some bucks have glands.
Some bucks have impact.
Some bucks have injuries.
Some bucks have patches.
Some bucks have problems.
Some bucks have racks.
Some bucks have scent glands.
Some bucks have serious injuries.
Some bucks have tusks.
Some bucks leave mothers.
Some bucks rub the same trees year after year.
Some bucks select sites.
Some bucks survive many years.
Some bucks survive years.
A buckaroo is a cowboy
Buckaroo is the American version of vaquero.
Buckaroo is the name for a cow hand, taken from the Spanish vaquero tradition.
Buckaroo likes options.
Buckaroos learn how to work with cows by watching older buckaroos and imitating the way they work.
Bucket brigades work best when pick-density is high and the items to be picked are small.
Bucket dredges are excellent for use in close quarters, such as around docks or breakwaters.
Bucket elevators Click to view a sizable PDF version of the above illustration.
Bucket hats are popular in the same brushed cottons and washed cottons as baseball caps.
Bucket hats come in a variety of colors and in two sizes.
A bucket seat is a seat
Bucket seats are also available.
Bucket seats are for racing.
Bucket seats are large and supportive, if a tad too close to the floor.
Bucket seats are seats.
Bucket seats are single units with a separation between the left and right seats.
Bucket seats are standard.
Bucket seats become an option.
Bucket seats feature soft foam padding for excellent side and thigh support.
Bucket seats have excellent back and lateral support.
A bucket shop is a tavern
Bucket shops are discount retail travel agencies.
Bucket shops sell plane tickets at a severely reduced price.
Bucket trucks can be exciting.
A bucket is a vessel
Bucket call amid any message neither spoil Antique print.
Bucket goes up and down.
Bucket handle tear of medial meniscus .
Bucket handle tear of the lateral meniscus.
Bucket handle tears are hard to detect.
Bucket handle tears.
Bucket isa vessel.
Bucket laugh against few bird while guarantee air jordan shoes kick.
Bucket mount fits all tractors and skid steers.
Bucket mounting is available with either quick coupler or pin-on style.
Bucket seats that cradle the driver and front seat passenger in unparalleled comfort.
Bucket sit over all lingerie.
Bucket spoil down any message neither start pikachu.
Bucket swivels up and down.
Bucket wheel current meters are of stainless steel, brass, and bronze construction.
Buckets are aggregative, intelligent agents for publishing in DLs.
Buckets are also great for the caregivers to sit on outside the tub.
Buckets are better suited for closet floors, since buckets are bulkier and closets offer more space.
Buckets are containers.
Buckets are full.
Buckets are located in garages.
Buckets are located in laundries.
Buckets are located in pantries.
Buckets are located in wells.
Buckets are part of waterwheels.
Buckets are the apartment-dweller's answer to composting food wastes indoors or out.
Buckets are too heavy to tip over.
Buckets are used for holds.
Buckets are vessels.
Buckets catch the rain falling near students' desks.
Buckets come in various widths, with several types available for each model loader.
Buckets contain residue from water soluble coloring solution, but can be cleaned.
Buckets contain soap solutions.
Buckets contain solutions.
Buckets contain strong soap solutions.
Buckets contaminated with cleansers, dust and debris can easily cause illness in fish.
Buckets fill with river lagoon water.
Buckets fill with soapy water.
Buckets fill with water.
Buckets go up and down with the rotation of the shaft.
Buckets hanging with several different types of snaps can cause bad eye and nose lacerations.
Buckets have (part) brims.
Buckets have (part) sections.
Buckets have handles.
Buckets have interiors.
Buckets have numerous shapes and sizes for various applications.
Buckets increase advertising volume and advertising rates.
Buckets love em'.
Buckets placed under gutter downspouts can collect rain water for plants or cleaning projects.
Buckets pose a drowning hazard.
Buckets stand near at least two entrances for cigarette butts.
Buckets substitute for toilets.
Buckets swing out as rotor speed increases.
All buckets come with dents, scratches and are naturally weathered.
Every bucket is unique and fully functional.
Most buckets contain soap solutions.
Most buckets contain solutions.
Most buckets contain strong soap solutions.
Most buckets fill with river lagoon water.
Most buckets fill with soapy water.
Most buckets fill with water.
Most buckets have interiors.
Some buckets even come equipped with self-contained aeration systems.
Some buckets fill with confetti.
Some buckets have characteristics.
Some buckets hold beers.
Some buckets receive direct sunlight.
Some buckets receive sunlight.
Buckeye trail passes through area.
A buckeye is a tree
Buckeye hens take their first steps of freedom.
Buckeye reserves the right to institute such a fee or royalty in the future.
Buckeye reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice.
Buckeyes are distant relatives to chestnuts.
Buckeyes are often small trees, with a spread nearly equal to their height.
Buckeyes are quite easy to please when it comes to flowers.
Buckeyes are seeds.
Buckeyes are similar to chestnuts and grow on trees.
Buckeyes are still a year away from bouncing back.
Buckeyes are trees native to temperate areas in North America, Europe and eastern Asia.
Buckeyes are useless except to small boys.
Buckeyes begin final regular-season road trip.
Buckeyes begin four-match homestand.
Buckeyes bounce back in second half va.
Buckeyes close out the regular season with home matches.
Buckeyes dominate their intrastate foes, winning all but one match.
Buckeyes fall to No.
Buckeyes favor cool canyons, stream corridors, and moist north facing slopes.
Buckeyes fly like cannon fire from their arms.
Buckeyes grow natively in the state of Ohio, and look like chestnuts.
Buckeyes have a basketball team, too.
Buckeyes have the look of No.
Buckeyes have two of the best open-court players in the college game, which is dominated by guards.
Buckeyes make final regular season road trips.
Buckeyes score eight runs in the first inning and never look back.
All buckeyes have large palmately compound leaves.
Buckings are endeavorings.
Buckle bindings are lightweight and inexpensive.
Buckle collars are never impossible to escape from.
Buckle fastener allows one size for all necks.
Buckle folders work on a different principle.
Most buckle posts are long and put stress on the buckle strap when opening or closing.
A buckle is a fixing
Buckle isa device.
Buckles allow one to adjust for a better fit.
Buckles also fears cats .
Buckles are both plain and detailed and are mainly stainless steel or brass.
Buckles are brass.
Buckles are connectors.
Buckles are either square or oval, in nickel or brass finish.
Buckles are epoxy color coded in two different colors yellow and blue.
Buckles are extra at regular prices.
Buckles are fasteners.
Buckles are in naval brass and snaps are in steel.
Buckles are in steel or brass.
Buckles are interchangeable.
Buckles are silver or gold.
Buckles are snap fit glass reinforced plastic.
Buckles are stainless steel.
Buckles are useful for catching the adjudicator's attention at feiseanna.
Buckles fully adjust.
Buckles have (part) bases.
Buckles have (part) prongs.
Buckles have (part) sections.
Buckles have extremely high joint strength.
Buckles is a guileless and innocent dog, and is the strip's protagonist .
Buckles is a mega stud.
Buckles is a strong and avid swimmer.
Buckles lock chains securely in place.
Buckles secure the front flap over a slim pocket and the unlined interior.
Buckles urges parents to educate themselves on satanic symbols and their meanings.
ALL buckle ends.
All buckles are available in sets or individually.
All buckles are functional.
All buckles are in stock for immediate shipment.
All buckles are original from the old dies.
Every buckle fully adjusts for perfect fit.
Some buckles are made of resin.
A buckler is armor
Bucklers can even fly away as well.
Bucks county is located an hour outside of Philadelphia.
Buckshot results are magnificent.
Buckskin is a mount
Buckskins can also vary widely in shade.
Buckthorn woods are also unfriendly because they are normally dense with many low branches.
A buckthorn is a plantain
Buckthorns also favor damp areas that the thrushes like, and are a dominant shrub in our area.
Buckwheat flour is made from the seed of the fagopyrum, an herb.
Buckwheat groats are the hulled, crushed kernels of buckwheat.
Buckwheat noodles become a staple of the Japanese tea ceremony.
Buckwheat pancakes have a nice taste, and a slightly rougher texture than conventional pancakes.
Buckwheat attracts hoverflies.
Buckwheat builds organic matter and adds phosphorus to the soil.
Buckwheat comes from South Dakota.
Buckwheat consists of the seeds of a plant native to Central Asia.
Buckwheat drops seed readily before harvest and volunteer growth often occurs in the following crop.
Buckwheat enjoys napping.
Buckwheat grows best in a cool, moist climate, such as is found in parts of the Northeast.
Buckwheat grows best when conditions are moist and cool.
Buckwheat grows in most soils, including infertile and acidic ones.
Buckwheat grows well on field pea or dry bean stubble or summer fallow.
Buckwheat is grain
Buckwheat is grain.
Buckwheat is herbs.
Buckwheat is part of buckwheat.
Buckwheat is plants.
Buckwheat plays the accordion.
Buckwheat produces a dark, strong-flavoured honey, which is usually sold for a premium.
Buckwheat releases chemicals that prevent weeds from germinating.
Buckwheat responds to good summer rainfall, but is intolerant of waterlogging.
Buckwheat supplies several kinds of food.
Buckwheats are especially diverse and abundant in the desert regions.
Bucky balls can scavenge oxygen radicals .
Bucky paper is a free standing film of bundles of nanotubes.
A buckyball is a fullerene
Buckyballs also exist in interstellar dust and in geological formations on Earth.
Buckyballs are complex carbon molecules more scientifically known as fullerenes.
Buckyballs are extremely stable and can withstand very high temperatures and pressures.
Buckyballs bounce into Nobel history.
Buckyballs can come from outer space.
Buckyballs get their first major physical.
Buckyballs have a wide range of electronic properties, depending on what substituents are attached.
Buckyballs have many interesting properties,which scientists are still investigating.
Buckyballs have more in common with soccerballs than just their looks.
Buckyballs still charm.
Bucolic cattle roam through the town's saloon.
Bucolic scenery abounds.
Bud battles are the worst.
Some bud breaks occur in early springs.
Some bud breaks occur in springs.
Some bud breaks take places.
Bud drop is an occasional problem.
Bud fall is the premature dropping of flower buds.
Bud proliferation is induced.
Bud reversion is common.
Bud scales are usually light or dark red, especially in the upper part of the canopy.
Many bud scales are covered by a gummy substance which serves as added protection.
Some bud scales have unique colors and coverings of various fibers and waxes.
Bud scars look like a monkey's face.
Bud specialty are cruises.
Some bud sports turn out to be improved strains of the parent cultivar.
Bud stick is a branch with many buds on it, and it is suitable for T budding.
Bud team suffer early Michigan exit.
Bud tips are important because they all grow at the same rate.
Bud trees produce fruit.
A bud is a flower
Bud isa blossom.
Bud isa flower.
Bud knows of no religion where that is the case.
Bud plays piano to raise some desperately needed cash.
Bud rhymes with fudge.
Bud tastes great when slow dried over the course of a week or two.
Bud works with the men's and women's divers.
Buds absorb nutrients.
Buds also form in the axils of the leaves ready to produce new side shoots.
Buds appear amidst the pure green leaves With ivy trailing up past the eaves.
Buds appear as irregularly shaped vegetative masses found at the tip of stems and branches.
Buds appear in fall.
Buds appear late summer.
Buds appear on the trees and birds begin to build their nests.
Buds appear on very young plants, flowers open a pretty shade of violet.
Buds are a way to externally protect the precious growing points from damage.
Buds are blasted.
Buds are blueish and purpleish and smell like such sweet blueberrys.
Buds are blunt, reddish, and have many scales.
Buds are brown, angled, and smooth with sparse hair at the tip.
Buds are capable of growing into branches.
Buds are classified by their location on the stem.
Buds are classified terminal or lateral.
Buds are cream blushing to coral pink.
Buds are dark, quite small, and have several scales.
Buds are darker in color and killed.
Buds are darker than the twigs, sharp, pointed, lustrous brown, and fragrant when crushed.
Buds are darker than the twigs.
Buds are distinctly orange colored.
Buds are easy to spot as raised oval areas on the cane.
Buds are embryonic meristems maintained in a dormant state.
Buds are exceptional.
Buds are flowers.
Buds are formed in the marginal basal part of sponge.
Buds are globe-shaped, clustered around the tip of the branch.
Buds are green and open to expose large red to reddish purple corollas and large yellow anthers.
Buds are green to purple, smooth and shaped like a duck's bill.
Buds are green with reddish-purple base and pedicel and moderate amount of short pubescence.
Buds are green with slight red-purple at base.
Buds are green, corollas medium-sized and white, anthers large and orange.
Buds are green, corollas medium-sized and white, anthers large and yellow.
Buds are green.
Buds are hairy, and the terminal bud is absent.
Buds are imbricate with many scales.
Buds are imbricate.
Buds are immature branches, miniature leaves, or flowers, usually with a protective covering.
Buds are large and nearly round.
Buds are larger and more sticky than others in the genus.
Buds are long and ovoid producing a moderate fragrance.
Buds are long and pointed, showing light apricot color.
Buds are long, lance-shaped, with numerous brown scales.
Buds are names.
Buds are narrow, sharply pointed, and brown.
Buds are of similar length and prepared similarly or sold by stem.
Buds are often divergent from the twig.
Buds are out.
Buds are ovoid and sharply pointed.
Buds are ovoid to almost round and covered with hairs.
Buds are ovoid, resinous and dark brown, with blunt tips.
Buds are ovoid, sharp-pointed, light brown and are covered with whitish resin.
Buds are ovoid, smooth and red-brown.
Buds are pink as the four sepals are pink and are lost when the flower blooms .
Buds are present only at the crown or stem end of the root.
Buds are produced every two to three days under favorable conditions.
Buds are produced every two to three days under favourable conditions.
Buds are profuse, and seem to have no pattern, appearing at random along the stubby shoots.
Buds are purple-brown often with yellow hair, and with overlapping scales.
Buds are red, open white.
Buds are red, turning to white flowers.
Buds are red-brown, round, and hairless.
Buds are reddish and flowers medium pink with small yellow anthers.
Buds are reddish and fringed with hair.
Buds are reddish and the petals are medium pink.
Buds are reddish and woolly.
Buds are reddish orange, turning yellow after opening.
Buds are reddish.
Buds are resinous.
Buds are round, and light brown.
BUDS are roundish.
Buds are scattered along the twigs of the newest growth.
Buds are slender with a conical-shape.
Buds are slightly pigmented, corolla is white and anthers are yellow-orange.
Buds are slightly sticky.
Buds are slightly yellow.
Buds are small and alternate.
Buds are small and black above raised leaf scars.
Buds are small and inconspicuous.
Buds are small and ovoid or conical in outline.
Buds are small and triangular shaped.
Buds are small and viscid.
Buds are small, rounded and covered with soft, brown hairs, nearly encircled by leafscar.
Buds are small.
Buds are smooth, short and squat with a dark-reddish color.
Buds are sprouts.
Buds are there if they sit around long enough.
Buds are undeveloped shoots and flowers.
Buds are usually of two distinct sizes and are somewhat angled.
Buds are valvate and covered with rusty wooly hair.
Buds are valvate with two overlapping scales.
Buds are yellow, open pink, fade to rose.
Buds are yet to blossom, with care and trust, the best is yet to be revealed.
Buds arise from the crown when conditions are favorable and develop into edible spears.
Buds become flowers.
Buds begin to break, and tiny green leaves unfurl from their winter rest.
Buds begin to spread out.
Buds blunt, oblong, rusty-hairy, partially covered by a pair of scales.
Buds break out on tender twigs.
Buds break, tongue to green flame.
Buds burst into blossoms, filling the air with fresh fragrance.
BUDS Collect smaller marginal frond buds from greenhouse plants.
Buds come from trees.
Buds conical with leafy, outside bud scales.
Buds conical with rounded base, without leafy scales.
Buds consist of a cluster of very small rusty-pubescent leaves.
Buds contain flowers.
Buds covering trees can block reception.
Buds develop a protective coating as lower temperatures herald the winter season.
Buds develop at the base of the stem and then grow into new plants.
Buds die and plants are stunted.
Buds dropping off usually indicate rapidly fluctuating temperatures.
Buds enable pinch and shortleaf pines to recover from injury.
Buds fail to open and often droop.
Buds fall from plants.
Buds feel a little sticky.
Buds form at the base of leaf stems.
Buds form in clusters of three.
Buds form in the notches of the fertile fronds and produce new plantlets.
Buds form plants.
Buds form roots.
Buds give rise to leaves, flowers, or both.
Buds give rise to new shoots, each developing to maturity and flowering.
Buds grow beautiful flowers.
Buds grow bigger, smelling sweet, bees and birds come round to eat.
Buds grow flowers.
Buds grow into leaves.
Buds grow into plants.
Buds grow into potato plants.
Buds grow into shoots.
Buds grow on stems.
Buds grow plants.
Buds have (part) anthers.
Buds have (part) carpels.
Buds have (part) leaf shapes.
Buds have (part) ovaries.
Buds have (part) perianths.
Buds have (part) placentas.
Buds have (part) sections.
Buds have (part) stamens.
Buds have a brown, varnished appearance and are often curved toward the twig.
Buds have a brown, varnished appearance, and are often curved toward the twig.
Buds have a deep rich color opening pale purplish-pink frilled with heavy substance.
Buds have a soft apricot blush which shows well as the flower opens.
Buds have an alluring ivory tinge, then open to impressive big flat single creamy-white blooms.
Buds have few scales.
Buds have overlapping scales.
Buds have several scales.
Buds have similar taste.
Buds have slight yellow color.
Buds have taste.
Buds have texture.
Buds have the potential to develop into flowers, leaves, roots, or other stems or branches.
Buds have yellow resin.
Buds linger before becoming leaves and flowers.
Buds make plants.
Buds obtuse with red scales.
Buds occupy a lateral or terminal position on the stem.
Buds occur at the base of the leaf petiole and, like the leaves, normally occur in whorls of two.
Buds offer many clues, too.
Buds only appear on two or three year-old twigs or spurs which are no thicker than a pencil.
Buds originate at the junction of the stalk and gastric regions.
Buds produce blossoms.
Buds produce fruit.
Buds produce inflorescences.
Buds produce leaves.
Buds produce shoots.
Buds produce vegetative shoots.
Buds promote growth.
Buds rapidly drop from plants without signs of fungal infection.
Buds reach the size of small peas but fail to develop further.
Buds remain dormant until the following spring when fertilization takes place.
Buds remain reddish all winter and open into rosy cerise flowers in great abundance.
Buds respond obediently after the fall.
Buds rot or open to distorted, brown-flecked flowers.
Buds shield and hide new growth and flowers.
Buds sprout from roots.
Buds start out deep purple, then open to lavender.
Buds swell all around.
Buds swell and burst, small flowers push up and then the bigger ones jump up.
Buds swell, water drips.
Buds tend to ball and fail to open if they are rained on or if the morning dew is too heavy.
Buds then form a new shoot and roots are induced from adventitious buds or preformed primordia.
Buds turn black.
Buds turn brown and decay.
Buds turn brown or black and fail to open, or flowers are brown-spotted, watery, and matted.
Buds turn brown, shrivel, and die or produce yellowish leaves.
Buds turn dark and drop off.
Buds wrap up the keys to trees' survival.
All buds are killed.
Any bud is capable of detecting all the basic tastes.
Every bud can add joy to someone's life.
Every bud is pinched off by a pair of rays.
Most buds absorb nutrients.
Most buds are also killed, so little new growth is produced on infested branches.
Most buds become flowers.
Most buds come from trees.
Most buds contain flowers.
Most buds fall from plants.
Most buds grow beautiful flowers.
Most buds grow flowers.
Most buds grow into leaves.
Most buds grow into plants.
Most buds grow into potato plants.
Most buds grow into shoots.
Most buds grow on stems.
Most buds grow plants.
Most buds have similar taste.
Most buds have texture.
Most buds make plants.
Most buds produce blossoms.
Most buds produce fruit.
Most buds produce inflorescences.
Most buds produce leaves.
Most buds produce shoots.
Most buds produce vegetative shoots.
Most buds promote growth.
Most buds sprout from roots.
Most buds still retain their light or dark red color.
Some buds appear on asiatic lilies.
Some buds appear on lilies.
Some buds appear on plants.
Some buds are harvested during nights.
Some buds are sharp and hard to the touch.
Some buds become plants.
Some buds contain proteins.
Some buds develop into flowers.
Some buds develop into leaves.
Some buds develop into orange flowers.
Some buds die in the process, which thins the upcoming crop, bringing it to a manageable level.
Some buds form both flowers and branches.
Some buds grow buds.
Some buds grow into fronds.
Some buds have dominance.
Some buds have leaves.
Some buds have meristems.
Some buds have moisture.
Some buds have tints.
Some buds look like broccoli stalks.
Some buds look like pads.
Some buds look like shoulder pads.
Some buds look like stalks.
Some buds look like tiny stalks.
Some buds produce growth.
Some buds produce hormones.
Some buds produce plants.
Some buds produce rhizomes.
Some buds produce stolons.
Some buds produce various hormones.
Some buds resemble dark green fronds.
Some buds resemble green fronds.
Some buds survive unfavorable conditions.
Buddha images are washed, and monks are offered alms.
Buddha nature is just another name for human nature, our true human nature.
Buddha nature pervades the whole universe.
Buddha net is non-sectarian, so contains information from all the different Buddhist traditions.
Buddha recitation is hence an expedient means to an end.
Buddha temples have crosses on the building.
Buddha women enkindle the breath within the breath , warming spine wine, mandala eyes penetrate .
Buddhist activists cite both sociological and economic reasons for the drop.
Buddhist activists engage the Net.
Buddhist asceticism holds that by destroying desire, one can destroy unhappiness.
Buddhist causation treats all conditions of an event as equally important.
Buddhist chants flow in powerchords and dissolve into beautiful melodies.
Buddhist compassion is closer to the Western concept of agape love.
Buddhist countries tend to have few social and legal prohibitions against homosexuality.
All Buddhist discipline flows from breathing, watching the breath.
Buddhist education has three goals.
Buddhist education is a complete university in itself, including all branches of learning.
Buddhist elements abound in the two above-mentioned repertoires.
Buddhist emptiness is the key that unlocks the problem of the emotions.
Most Buddhist families have shrines for worship inside their homes.
Buddhist festivals are always joyful occasions.
Buddhist Festivals are always joyful occasions.
Buddhist festivals are common nationwide.
Buddhist festivals vary with region.
Most Buddhist figures look ferocious, savage and ugly.
Buddhist healing involves working with both the primary and the secondary causes.
All Buddhist history is important.
Buddhist images are prevalent throughout Laos.
Buddhist influence is still strong in Korea.
Buddhist meditation can become an escape from relationships and the feelings that arise there.
Buddhist meditation focuses on emptying one s mind to become a vessel to let the universe in.
Buddhist meditation is nothing but the process of objective observation of the nature of the mind.
Buddhist meditations aims for spritual development in life and the purification of the mind.
All Buddhist meditation aims at the development of awareness, using concentration as a tool.
Buddhist monasteries are monasteries.
Buddhist monasteries continue to form the nucleus of Tibet's simmering independence movement.
Buddhist monasteries lie in the mountains around Taegu.
Buddhist monasteries serve social and educational functions, as well as their religious functions.
Buddhist monastery is located here.
Most Buddhist monasteries are closed to outsiders except during the tsechu season.
Buddhist monk sets self afire on Saigon street.
Buddhist monks act as mediators between villagers and the spirits.
Buddhist monks are monks.
Buddhist monks blessing a sand painting or mandela that had taken about three days to create.
Buddhist monks employ similar methods in their ascetic search for nirvana.
Buddhist monks get it.
Buddhist monks live in poverty on the gifts received from others.
Buddhist monks play long horns known as radongs.
Some Buddhist monks are among the inquiries.
Some Buddhist monks speak in tongues.
Buddhist morality goes hand in hand with wisdom and concentration - sila, samadhi, panna.
Buddhist morality is based on freedom, ie, individual development.
Buddhist nuns can make contributions that are reimbursed by the real donors.
Buddhist nuns testify on campaign fraud.
Buddhist philosophy can be very complicated, but to put it simply, that s what emptiness means.
Buddhist philosophy contains much more of relevance to statesmen.
Buddhist practice is a labor-intensive process that is like a medicine from a doctor.
Buddhist practice is really about opening up.
Buddhist practice is to dissolve our personal self and realize our true self.
Buddhist priests pray for a successful harvest and annual purification rites are performed.
Buddhist relics couldn t draw on the top.
Some Buddhist scholars believe there are perhaps four or five times that number.
Buddhist scriptures are abound with tales and lengends.
Buddhist scriptures are important relics.
Buddhist spirituality needs to be carried on.
Buddhist students free themselves so they can pick their mood.
Buddhist studies is no exception.
Buddhist teaching views the desire for life as a kind of grasping, and hence a fetter to liberation.
Buddhist teachings emphasize how everything comes into being based on causes and conditions.
Buddhist teachings indicate that it starts with the thoughts.
Buddhist teachings stress the calming of the mind to develop our own inner qualities and potential.
Buddhist temples are extremely beautiful, and very interesting architecturally.
Buddhist temples are fabulously ornate.
Buddhist temples are the most important architectural features throughout the country.
Buddhist texts exist in many languages and cultural environments.
Buddhist tolerance extends to all faiths.
Buddhist tradition has a similar idea and representations of it too, for example on statues.
Buddhist traditions forbid removing any part of a human body under any circumstances.
All Buddhist traditions have nuns, although their status is different among Buddhist countries.
Buddhist youths participate in mass blood donation exercises held in hospitals.
Some budding entrepreneurs can be incredibly creative in finding ways to fund their ideas.
Budding joints are wrapped with grafting tape above and below the bud.
Every budding romance has a soundtrack.
Budding are asexual reproduction.
A buddleia is a bush
Buddleia davidii tolerates urban pollution and alkaline soil.
Buddleias are beautiful, undemanding plants that can be used as specimen or planted in mass.
Buddy breathing can be stressful even under normal conditions.
Some buddy burners look like blow torches with flames coming out the sides.
Buddy List offers a data base for names addresses, phone, e-mail, etc.
Buddy lists apply to private messages only.
Buddy lists are limited to eight people.
A buddy system is a pairing
Buddy system is in effect.
Buddy system is recommended.
Buddy system is used.
Buddy systems are essentially extensions of the orientation process for new employees.
Buddy systems are pairings.
A buddy is a friend
Buddies also transport clients to appointments.
Buddies are colon cancer survivors, caregivers, family and friends.
Buddies are eligible to win cash prizes.
Buddies are for people already in the program and can be found through the bulletin board.
Buddies are friends.
Buddies are often strangers when matched.
Buddies are people who sponsor a dog until that dog is adopted.
Buddies are responsible for each other.
Buddies are softer and cuddlier than beanies.
Buddies are trained volunteers who are carefully and prayerfully matched with a family.
Buddies are volunteers assigned to a challenged player to assist that player in their sport.
Buddies are volunteers of all ages interested in having a great time trying something new.
Buddies attend sporting events, go shopping and watch television together.
Buddies can also make audiocassettes of themselves reading the stories together.
Buddies can find books with the younger children's special interests in mind.
Buddies can often prevent failure from happening to a trainee a second time.
Buddies check in and out of the swimming area together.
Buddies contact each other by phone once a week and participate in an activity once a month.
Buddies get tired of catching pitches in the dirt and chasing wild ones over their heads.
Buddies hang out together and help each other out in good times and bad.
Buddies help to make a connection between treatment and awareness.
Buddies is a jazz pub three nights a week.
Buddies learn about each other and work on special projects while making new friends.
Buddies look out for each other and know what to do when their buddy is in trouble in the water.
Buddies meet at least twice a month, engaging in social outings and volunteer activities.
Buddies meet on a weekly, ongoing basis .
Buddies meet weekly to share books.
Buddies offer support for first-year pupils and are always there to talk.
Buddies provide an extra set of eyes and hands for each other.
Buddies provide emotional support, peer counseling, and companionship.
Buddies provide mutual support through the sharing of experiences.
Buddies serve as mentors to the children, acting as a big brother or big sister.
Buddies share their own stories.
Buddies stick together.
Buddies take care of cleanup, replacing brushes, palettes, water cans, and paint shirts.
Buddies then help for the entire hectic move-in weekend.
Buddies then spend a few hours a week providing support for their match.
Buddies try to meet twice a month.
Buddy asks for one last kiss.
Buddy brings together all the library s electronic sources.
Buddy can already sit and come on command.
Buddy check Last-minute check of jumper's gear, performed by jump partner prior to jumping.
Buddy feels guilty and drinks to excess.
Buddy floors it from every stoplight.
Buddy has a wonderful disposition and is eager to learn and work.
Buddy has an excellent overstride and is suitable for halter, trail, or show.
Buddy has cancer.
Buddy has cold feet and wants to cancel the ceremony.
Buddy has quite a few wonderful antics.
Buddy has that spirit.
Buddy has three daughters.
Buddy heaves it overboard.
Buddy introduces young children to the colorful circus life.
Buddy is a buddy and good friend.
Buddy is a great teammate.
Buddy is a little too goofy and a little too sweetly good-natured.
Buddy is a master of improbable sounding double stops.
Buddy is a musician who is also a martial arts expert.
Buddy is a two year old terrier mix.
Buddy is also heavily involved with recruiting.
Buddy is an amazing person who has provided toys and food for families for many years.
Buddy is an eleven month old puppy.
Buddy is athletic and dreams of playing on a varsity team one day.
Buddy is blind.
Buddy is currently in short-term foster care.
Buddy is dextrous, too.
Buddy is egotistical, loud, crude and a sleazy womanizer.
Buddy is first, and foremost, a member of our family.
Buddy is from a less fashionable area in New York and from a plain lower-middle class family.
Buddy is in charge of writing that.
Buddy is in stock .
Buddy is sick.
Buddy is the one who died.
Buddy just wants to please.
Buddy leaks on newspapers, which is understandable.
Buddy leaves and the stage is left to walking dial tones.
Buddy lies about all day on a green mat, barely moving.
Buddy list to alert analysts when an individual expert is online.
Buddy loves it all.
Buddy loves to chase tennis balls.
Buddy loves to play.
Buddy meets with a clarinetist fan from Japan.
Buddy now drinks heavily.
Buddy offers to buy an airline employee a drink in the airport.
Buddy opens a bin and tosses a few more dogs into the water.
Buddy plays rhythm guitar and helps with vocals- singing lead and bass on some selections.
Buddy Provides support and information on procedures, contacts, facilities and equipment.
Buddy responds with silence.
Buddy signs a book deal.
Buddy still associates the show ring with abuse.
Buddy take off late backside on a wedgy peak.
Buddy takes pride in helping our customers meet their needs and expectations.
Buddy undergoes a cure for drinking.
Buddy walk with partner to cone and back.
Buddies often meet after school to go for ice cream or to have dinner at the college dining halls.
Buddies often work out times to get together for potluck dinners or card nights.
Buddies usually have one to two contacts per week with their client.
Buddies usually spend two or three hours a week together.
All buddies are in mint condition with mint tags.
All buddies are in stock and ready to ship to their new homes.
Most buddies communicate by phone or email.
Most buddies work full time and have other family and social commitments.
Budesonide nasal is used to treat the nasal symptoms of allergies and other seasonal reactions.
Budgerigar chicks are separated by sex and are also kept in aviaries to mature.
Budgerigar parakeets are delightful, intelligent, cheerful, friendly, and devote.
Budgerigar parakeets eat millet, seed mixture, fruit and vegetables, sprout, and pellet.
A budgerigar is a parakeet
Budgerigar isa parakeet.
Budgerigars are a specific type of parakeet and originate from Australia.
Budgerigars are a very social species living in large groups up to the thousands.
Budgerigars are affordable pets, and they are easy to care for as well.
Budgerigars are Australian parakeets.
Budgerigars are birds.
Budgerigars are common and possibly the most numerous parrot species in Australia.
Budgerigars are exotic pets.
Budgerigars are highly nomadic and follow flushes of seeding grasses after thunderstorms.
Budgerigars are monogamous and breed in large colonies throughout their range.
Budgerigars are nomadic and survive in very dry areas by following thunderstorms.
Budgerigars are parakeets.
Budgerigars are parrots.
Budgerigars are primarily vegetarians, although they often eat insects in the wild.
Budgerigars are probably easiest to sex when they reach maturity at six to seven months old.
Budgerigars are small Australian parrots that learn new vocalizations throughout adulthood.
Budgerigars are small, colorful birds with gregarious, entertaining personalities.
Budgerigars are social.
Budgerigars are unable to fend for themselves.
Budgerigars are very easy to look after and make great pets.
Budgerigars are very greagrious and enjoy the company of humans.
Budgerigars are very susceptible to mites which mainly affect their face and claws.
Budgerigars are very suspicious of any new item.
Budgerigars are very very unpredictable to say the least.
Budgerigars can provide great pleasure and friendship.
Budgerigars can suffer from acute bouts of pneumonia but many are chronically diseased.
Budgerigars crack the seed, eat the kernel, and leave the husk.
Budgerigars differ greatly from many other exhibition birds.
Budgerigars do in fact have two stomachs of which the first part is known as the proventriculous.
Budgerigars have (part) air sacs.
Budgerigars have (part) bird's feet.
Budgerigars have (part) brains.
Budgerigars have (part) breasts.
Budgerigars have (part) cell membranes.
Budgerigars have (part) cells.
Budgerigars have (part) chest cavities.
Budgerigars have (part) chests.
Budgerigars have (part) corpi.
Budgerigars have (part) cytoplasm.
Budgerigars have (part) ears.
Budgerigars have (part) faces.
Budgerigars have (part) flight feathers.
Budgerigars have (part) heads.
Budgerigars have (part) lips.
Budgerigars have (part) mouths.
Budgerigars have (part) nuclei.
Budgerigars have (part) plasma membranes.
Budgerigars have (part) quill feathers.
Budgerigars have (part) rib cages.
Budgerigars have (part) second joints.
Budgerigars have (part) sections.
Budgerigars have (part) skulls.
Budgerigars have (part) sterna.
Budgerigars have (part) talons.
Budgerigars have (part) vacuoles.
Budgerigars have (part) wishbones.
Budgerigars have a coloured area above their beaks, called a cere.
Budgerigars have a complex vocal repertoire, some of which develops through learning.
Budgerigars have ancestors that stretch back for millennia.
Budgerigars have fluorescent pigment.
Budgerigars have pigment.
Budgerigars keep themselves clean by preening.
Budgerigars make wonderful first time pets.
Budgerigars occur across a number of varying topographical habitats.
Budgerigars require a constant room temperature.
Budgerigars require breeding habitats that provide suitable nesting hollows, water and food supply.
Budgerigars show signs of affection to their friends by preening or feeding one another.
Budgerigars use it as a survival food in times of drought.
Many budgerigars become quite tame and also are excellent talkers.
Most budgerigars have fluorescent pigment.
Most budgerigars have pigment.
Some budgerigars have blue noses.
Some budgerigars have conditions.
Some budgerigars have live conditions.
Some budgerigars have noses.
Budget airlines offer cheap fares within Europe.
Budget balance is held sacred, which both slows growth and denies governments necessary resources.
Budget committee presents annual operating budget for adoption by the board.
Budget committee takes a break The budget committee finally took a break from meeting last week.
Budget constraints apply to all expenditures.
Budget constraints are another consideration when finding a speaker.
Budget constraints are likely the biggest reason for the lack of new paths in our national forests.
Budget constraints are likely to yield fewer future launches.
Budget constraints are reality.
Budget constraints are the main force behind university systems' re-evaluation of tenure.
Budget constraints become soft.
Budget constraints can cause companys to fold.
Budget constraints cause some school districts to make a deal with the devil.
Budget constraints demand cost reductions.
Budget constraints is the issue for buying more shuttles.
Budget constraints limit the number of participants.
Budget constraints prevent purchasing new or specialized equipment to repair washout areas.
Budget constraints reduce the chances of an electronic filing program being enacted in Tennessee.
A budget cut is a cut
Budget cuts appear to be largely responsible.
Budget cuts are a big reason for the recent readiness problems-but they are far from the only cause.
Budget cuts are a challenge which encourage cooperation with other Quebec universities.
Budget cuts are always difficult.
Budget cuts are by no means universal.
Budget cuts are cuts.
Budget cuts are in place, and the rate of increase in federal spending is slowing.
Budget cuts are inevitable when money falls off.
Budget cuts continue.
Budget cuts loom.
Budget cuts mean none at last check.
Budget cuts mean that number is being cut down even further.
Budget day is always difficult for the opposition.
A budget deficit is a deficit
Budget deficits are another major problem.
Budget deficits are deficits.
Budget deficits are our biggest concern.
Budget deficits blow out before elections.
Budget deficits can be harmful to the economy.
Budget deficits increase demand for loanable funds and hence lead to higher interest rates.
Budget deficits raise total lifetime consumption by shifting taxes to subsequent generations.
Budget deficits result in high interest rates and sap confidence.
Budget deficits subtract from national saving while surpluses add to it.
Budget forecasts are amazingly fickle.
Budget forecasts are notoriously unreliable, especially around economic turning points.
Budget hotels are also available either at the coast or in town center.
Budget increases require vice president's signature.
All budget increases are to be shown without parentheses.
Budget lines are crucial to a smooth newsroom operation.
Budget management is a major matter.
Budget overruns are all that ultimately killed it, For plasma phase inversion tubes alone.
Budget spending is very low.
Budget surplus is no longer the premier public issue.
Budget surplus is set aside for now to forestall future dues increases.
Budget surpluses act as an effective tax cut for individuals by lowering long-term interest rates.
Budget surpluses are back.
Budget surpluses present a historic opportunity to begin financing the transition.
Budget analyses of state agencies.
Budget appears to be an issue.
Budget are acts of humans.
Budget assigns all position numbers.
Budget based on enrollment is a flawed system.
Budget Be pessimistic about costs.
Budget boosts information technology.
Budget can also arrange special pickup and return times for groups.
Budget can be a constraint.
Budget can only help state's economy .
Budget can t be an issue or excuse.
Budget connects Saskatchewan to the future.
Budget contains non-allowable expenses.
Budget continues to provide Web page design services.
Budget cruises able to move up to higher quality.
Budget cutbacks in many districts precluded expensive reforms.
Budget cuts air and water but rewards nuclear waste disposal.
Budget cuts for health care can ration psychotherapy and force a focus on the quick fix.
Budget cuts that affect school programs often compel parents to get involved.
Budget cuts, although regrettable, do happen.
Budget cuts, for example.
Budget deficits no longer shape the political environment.
Budget describes any agreement or relationship with outside funding agencies.
Budget dictates compromise.
Budget establishes amount to be raised by property tax.
Budget establishes appropriations and tax levy.
Budget establishes appropriations.
Budget estimates even faster.
Budget estimates for all resources required for implementation.
Budget estimates for FIP telecommunications resources are to be included with agency submissions.
Budget estimates for first year of operation and projection for a five-year period.
Budget exceeds the allowable period.
Budget expenses first.
Budget Find out how current and planned funding is allocated to locations, programs, and projects.
Budget garnishes into food costs.
Budget Get a good nights sleep in a safe area with a comfortable room.
Budget Get the most recent year's approved budget.
Budget gives new focus to Indigenous affairs .
Budget goes topsy-turvy.
Budget grows as customers purchase additional service.
Budget has additional staff in place which is trained in budget preparation and execution.
Budget has auto rentals for every occasion.
Budget has good, competitive rates and first-class new vehicles.
Budget has thousands of locations worldwide.
Budget has three convenient locations around the island.
Budget holding savings are real and are held by the association.
Budget includes both general and bonded funds.
Budget includes funding for a systematic review of AQMD positions and classifications.
Budget includes funding to begin a systematic review of AQMD positions and classifications.
Budget includes maintenance level funding.
Budget includes plan to start loan-forgiveness program for teachers in rural areas.
Budget includes sales tax, furniture moving and storage and contingency.
Budget includes unallowable costs.
Budget increases for travel, insurance, championship events, banquet costs.
Budget introduces lot more structural simplifications than the cosmetic reforms.
Budget is a financial plan for a government for the coming year.
Budget is a full-service internet provider.
Budget is a fund
Budget is a plan adjusting expenses to available income over a fixed time period.
Budget is a reliable representation of the project's expenses and revenue.
Budget is a small thing.
Budget is a substantial down payment on efforts to maintain the community s quality of life.
Budget is a substantial down payment on efforts to maintain the community's quality of life.
Budget is also a consideration.
Budget is also important.
Budget is also still up in the air.
Budget is always a big question to take into account.
Budget is always a consideration on the scope of a project.
Budget is always on the critical path.
Budget is an expanded federal crop insurance program.
Budget is an important factor too.
Budget is an issue, but so is change management.
Budget is another major concern.
Budget is appropriate for proposed activities.
Budget is as follows.
Budget is budget.
Budget is clear.
Budget is combined since students move among depts.
Budget is complete, realistic, accurate and appropriate.
Budget is complete.
Budget is disconnected from the current metrics and compliance.
Budget is done for next year.
Budget is eeviewed after science approved.
Budget is fine.
Budget is finished.
Budget is funds.
Budget is healthy and on schedule.
Budget is in flux as the project progresses.
Budget is included.
Budget is less than half that of a typical TV drama.
Budget is limited.
Budget is located at the airport's in-terminal.
Budget is normally the determining factor, as system time is very costly.
Budget is norms.
Budget is on target.
Budget is open.
Budget is plans.
Budget is policy.
Budget is prepared for fiscal and planning purposes only.
Budget is pretty flexible with the table showing estimates.
Budget is probably the best.
Budget is proud to offer the best value in car rental.
Budget is realistic and well thought out.
Budget is realistic for accomplishing the project.
Budget is realistic, complete and accurate.
Budget is reality.
Budget is relative.
Budget is subject to change based on number of hours enrolled and year in school.
Budget is taken into consideration when making plans.
Budget is the main issue in deciding which to buy.
Budget is the only one who has a selection.
Budget is to be single spaced.
Budget is to cover cost of food and accommodation.
Budget is used as a control device.
Budget is used as a flexible guide.
Budget is usually a big factor in selecting a destination.
Budget is very tight.
Budget is with the counties.
Budget isa fund.
Budget making for the next five years needs to be about some very long-term investments.
Budget matters Several Honourable Members have referred to a budget cut for education in real terms.
Budget means that recipient's financial plan for carrying out the project or program.
Budget needs advance authorization.
Budget Needs more detail.
Budget needs to be able to track a position once it has been set up.
Budget needs to be done in the next month and sent to district.
Budget needs to be looked at in the process.
Budget now serves many locations in Thailand with additional offices opening soon.
Budget Offers a budgeting guide for bills.
Budget offers America's most popular cars for first-class travel at business prices.
Budget offers complimentary customer pick up and return service within city limits.
Budget offers specials here.
Budget only reflects loss of one student.
Budget operates to full international standards and is prepared to guarantee satisfaction.
Budget passes with admendment.
Budget processes that obscure what specific services the state is buying.
Budget projects continuation of trend.
Budget projects some trend reversal due to better marketing by staff and SDTs.
Budget quantities such that there is enough of each food to go around.
Budget reflects additional three officers.
Budget reflects adequate revenue to meet operations and maintenance and capital needs.
Budget reflects current activity.
Budget reports for the general fund.
Budget see at end of plan.
Budget seems high.
Budget shows each action's cost.
Budget takes priority.
Budgets affect faculty work and status.
Budgets affect more than timing.
Budgets allow for the additional funds.
Budgets also aid in evaluating performance.
Budgets are a big issue in Israeli filmmaking.
Budgets are a continuing problem for facilities managers.
Budgets are a necessary evil.
Budgets are about ideas, values, and most important, they are about people.
Budgets are also good way of monitoring managerial performance in relation to achieving targets.
Budgets are also political documents that reflect the current mood of the country.
Budgets are also prepared yearly with separate budgets for administrative and academic computing.
Budgets are also useful control mechanisms because there are more flexible than contracts.
Budgets are always a combination of short term and visionary measures.
Budgets are always a major obstacle in the creation and production of any marketing campaign.
Budgets are always about choices.
Budgets are always tight.
Budgets are among the classic management tools that established companies have used in compensation.
Budgets are an additional concern.
Budgets are at the core of the family's anti-debt plan, which Shan polices.
Budgets are available for perusal at the libraries and at the district or city offices.
Budgets are available to be used at organization's discretion.
Budgets are based on projections for service volume from the strategic planning process.
Budgets are biennial .
Budgets are boring, they say.
Budgets are complicated but worth fighting for.
Budgets are comprehensive.
Budgets are determined in full consultation.
Budgets are documents that express state governments' power to act.
Budgets are drab, but they are how our government frames decisions.
Budgets are due at the annual fall budget meeting.
Budgets are due tomorrow.
Budgets are essential to any organization.
Budgets are for single, California residents.
Budgets are going vary greatly depending on how much a school charges for tuition.
Budgets are good management tools.
Budgets are in full swing.
Budgets are inadequate.
Budgets are larger.
Budgets are legal and binding documents.
Budgets are like a pie that has to be cut into enough pieces to go around the table after dinner.
Budgets are limited and evolving technologies are often unproven.
Budgets are limited to one enterprise.
Budgets are limited.
Budgets are little thin over here.
Budgets are manifestations of problems and opportunities.
Budgets are mathematically correct.
Budgets are no longer a problem.
Budgets are part of doing business.
Budgets are public documents.
Budgets are quite unusual.
Budgets are ready.
Budgets are road maps.
Budgets are scary for novice grantseekers.
Budgets are separate.
Budgets are simple to create and view.
Budgets are slim to none.
Budgets are stable and accurate.
Budgets are stagnant, but there is pressure to remain current with changing technologies.
Budgets are statements, mainly of policy.
Budgets are the basis for maintaining financial stability.
Budgets are the link between the plans and actions.
Budgets are tight all over campus.
Budgets are tight and are monitored under a microscope.
Budgets are tight and costs are rising.
Budgets are tight and demand for services is at an all-time high.
Budgets are tight and every expense needs to minimize impact on the bottom line.
Budgets are tight and pupil transportation often is the first thing on the chopping block.
Budgets are tight but ingredients for special holiday recipes are expensive.
Budgets are tight for many smaller universities.
Budgets are tight, and maintenance often receives the largest cuts during budget reductions.
Budgets are tight, and there are political pressures to pare down noninstructional support staff.
Budgets are tight, competition for grant funding is fierce, and programs are being cut daily.
Budgets are tight, nerves are frayed and the stress level is off the charts.
Budgets are tight, with mandates often exceeding allocated funds.
Budgets are tight.
Budgets are to be in non-modular format.
Budgets are to be zero-based unless an event or project spans more than one year.
Budgets are to provide an early warning system for both management and the board.
Budgets are tough things.
Budgets are tough to maintain.
Budgets are under constant scrutiny.
Budgets are up to negotiation following review.
Budgets are usually prepared on an annual basis, including a summary budget for all years.
Budgets are variations of implementation planning.
Budgets are very important in the policy making and policy processes.
Budgets are very tight.
Budgets are vital to their existence.
Budgets are vulnerable to quarterly earnings imperatives.
Budgets begin with the new fiscal year and are closed out when it ends.
Budgets being tight, neither agency can afford to splurge.
Budgets can also vary depending on other circumstances such as course load or off-campus study.
Budgets can be a single sided entry - no offset is required.
Budgets can be automatically copied to other budget types.
Budgets can be powerful tools for easing financial stress.
Budgets can far overrun original estimates.
Budgets can include tuition and fee remission for eligible RAs.
Budgets can include tuition and fee remission for eligible research assistants.
Budgets come in all shapes and sizes.
Budgets deal with future information.
Budgets depend upon the person's income, lifestyle, and financial goals.
Budgets force educators to prioritize.
Budgets force managers to concentrate on quantifying ends to be achieved.
Budgets form the basis for controlling the expenditure of funds.
Budgets go down in flames while burning bushes merely sputter.
Budgets go in as credits and out as debits.
Budgets grow and shrink.
Budgets have a pristine transparency.
Budgets have a tendency to downgrade the accuracy levels.
Budgets have little meaning when enterprises pay taxes in kind.
Budgets have their place, of course, but they have nothing to do with stewardship.
Budgets have to be balanced.
Budgets help coordinate resources for programs.
Budgets help keep the organization out of financial trouble.
Budgets help shape news.
Budgets help the manager to organize financial and physical planning.
Budgets help though.
Budgets Here are some of the budgets that are accessible on line.
Budgets involving state or other centrally allocated resources require the approval of the provost.
Budgets leak for many reasons.
Budgets limit the equipment available in the classroom.
Budgets make it easy for people to see clearly how they are spending their money.
Budgets matter because they determine how governments mobilize and allocate public resources.
Budgets never grow, only shrink.
Budgets never seem to allow the luxury of nice new equipment and the staff to use it.
Budgets never seem to cover critical needs.
Budgets numerically depict government administration.
Budgets observe their boundaries.
Budgets occur for expense, revenue and appropriations.
Budgets occur when spending exceeds revenue.
Budgets own time effectively .
Budgets pass on time and the vicious partisan infighting is gone.
Budgets provide a means of allocating resources to their most effective uses.
Budgets provide performance measures and facilitate comparisons.
Budgets range from just hundreds of dollars to hundreds of thousands.
Budgets refer to funding allocated to projects.
Budgets reflect institutional priorities.
Budgets reflect prior year or most recent income.
Budgets reflect school districts' philosophy, educational plans, and long range goals.
Budgets remain balanced.
Budgets remain frozen until the beginning of the next semester.
Budgets Request adequate budget for each phase of the project.
Budgets require a contingency plan for surprises.
Budgets require balance and decision-making processes.
Budgets require justification.
Budgets shown include cash cost share dollars.
Budgets shown include cost share included in CenCITT project accounts.
Budgets tend to be limited, and programs are modest.
Budgets vary depending on living arrangements and state residency.
Budgets vary greatly.
Budgets willfollow the technology lead.
Budget always has minivans.
Budgets always have time constraints and time lost due to improper delivery can be significant.
Budgets always involve grand ideas and lots of detail.
Budgets always reflect some assumptions.
Budgets often determine the final selection of the medium used.
Budgets often determine whether equipment is fabricated or purchased, if available.
Budgets often rely on funds from off-budget trusts.
Budgets sometimes act as promoters, moving items to the top of government agendas.
All budget amounts for expenditure accounts have debit balances.
All budget amounts for revenue accounts have credit balances.
All budgets are forecasts and hence, are subject to uncertainty.
All budgets assume the student is living away from home in on-campus housing.
All budgets ranges available.
Every budget is a expression of values.
Every budget is hostage to the economy.
Many budgets reflect both dollar and volume figures.
Most budgets are highly sensitive to sale price and yield.
Most budgets grossly underestimate cull rate of purchased females.
Budgetary compliance is the paramount consideration in government.
Budgetary considerations are also an important factor and thus influence choices to purchase.
Budgetary constraints become a larger problem as science becomes more technologically driven.
Budgetary constraints do come in the way of essential drug availability in the public sector.
Budgetary constraints limits appointments.
Budgetary constraints limits number of participants.
Budgetary constraints make cost reduction critical.
Budgetary control is maintained through the use of encumbrances.
Some budgetary cutbacks are actions unfair to the poor.
Budgetary factors are also a consideration.
Budgetary factors can and do play a significant role in the support of instructional computing.
All budgetary funds are exempt.
Budgetary issues are a limiting factor for some approaches such as additional alarms.
Budgetary issues are almost always an important factor influencing loudspeaker selection.
Budgetary issues are very important to Middle East governments.
Budgetary issues has to be take into consideration.
Budgetary limits prohibit sending a large group of people out of state to recruit teachers.
Budgetary management is emphasized and there are demonstrations of current web resources.
Any budgetary model needs to take into account the individual differences among colleges.
Budgetary participation can also motivate employees to strive harder to attain their budgets.
Budgetary policies play a major role in conditioning monetary policy.
Budgetary policy plays a major role in determining tax policy.
Budgetary pricing is available upon request.
Some budgetary problems remain at the campus level.
Budgetary realities make numerical limits or targets inevitable.
Budgetary reform is only part of the equation.
Budgetary requests are economically sound and fiscally responsibly.
Budgetary requirements are the fuel.
Budgetary restrictions are another familiar obstacle.
Budgetary restrictions can be a challenge.
Budgeted costs are estimates and, then, reconciled once the actual costs are known.
Budgeted costs are reasonable, allowable, and cost effective for the proposed activities.
Budgeted expenditures are for the custodial, maintenance and utility expenses of the facility.
Budgeted revenue is an estimate and is subject to fluctuate.
Budgie breeders show success.
A budgie is a parakeet
Budgie isa parakeet.
Budgies also invent their own games and learn to open the door of the cage.
Budgies are a gregarious bunch.
Budgies are a wonderful experience for all ages.
Budgies are active, playful little birds.
Budgies are also easy to breed, and can become a very rewarding hobby.
Budgies are among the best talkers in the parrot world.
Budgies are among the easiest birds to tame, but they still require patience and empathy.
Budgies are among the smallest true parrot species.
Budgies are amongst the most loved parrots around the world.
Budgies are considered one of the best talking parrots on the market.
Budgies are easy to breed.
Budgies are easy-going but full of personality and have a sweet and cheerful song.
Budgies are either green or blue factor.
Budgies are generally monogamous, forming bonds with one another that last a lifetime.
Budgies are great pets.
Budgies are hardy enough to survive out doors throughout the year.
Budgies are intelligent birds and can be taught to mimic human speech .
Budgies are intelligent birds and can be taught to mimic human speech.
Budgies are lovely birds that make wonderful pets.
Budgies are one of the easiest species to sex, both visually and by behavior.
Budgies are one of the most popular pet birds, and with good reason.
Budgies are originally from the grasslands and woods of central and southern Australia.
Budgies are parakeets that originated in Australia.
Budgies are psittacines, a classification of birds with hooked bills and two toes front and back.
Budgies are quiet birds.
Budgies are quite birds and are of non-destructive nature.
Budgies are rewarding pets.
Budgies are so intelligent and affectionate.
Budgies are so smart, they easily figure out how to use a water bottle.
Budgies are such wonderful birds that it seems every bird enthusiast has owned at least one.
Budgies are the most popular pet parrot in the world.
Budgies are usually only aggressive over nesting sites.
Budgies are very active and get most of their exercise from flying.
Budgies can accidentally fly into windows and mirrors and injure themselves badly.
Budgies can be wonderful and loving companions throughout their life times.
Budgies can even learn to talk when trained.
Budgies can learn to talk better than many of the larger parrot species.
Budgies close beaks.
Budgies commonly get scaly face, and it is caused by mites.
Budgies consume a primarily seed diet in the wild and seem to thrive on a seed-based diet as pets.
Budgies do everything faster than larger parrots.
Budgies eat a variety of seeds, plant and flower material, and fruits and vegetables.
Budgies eat seeds.
Budgies enjoy a varied diet of seeds, fruits and vegetables.
Budgies get busy raising families after a good rain.
Budgies have (part) air sacs.
Budgies have (part) bird's feet.
Budgies have (part) brains.
Budgies have (part) breasts.
Budgies have (part) cell membranes.
Budgies have (part) cells.
Budgies have (part) chest cavities.
Budgies have (part) chests.
Budgies have (part) corpi.
Budgies have (part) cytoplasm.
Budgies have (part) ears.
Budgies have (part) faces.
Budgies have (part) flight feathers.
Budgies have (part) heads.
Budgies have (part) lips.
Budgies have (part) mouths.
Budgies have (part) nuclei.
Budgies have (part) plasma membranes.
Budgies have (part) quill feathers.
Budgies have (part) rib cages.
Budgies have (part) second joints.
Budgies have (part) sections.
Budgies have (part) skulls.
Budgies have (part) sterna.
Budgies have (part) talons.
Budgies have (part) vacuoles.
Budgies have (part) wishbones.
Budgies have beaks.
Budgies have blue feathers.
Budgies have bright feathers.
Budgies have bright green feathers.
Budgies have dark blue feathers.
Budgies have dark feathers.
Budgies have feathers.
Budgies have green feathers.
Budgies have interest.
Budgies have stripes.
Budgies have tiny voices, but when they are happy they chatter almost constantly.
Budgies have very delicate systems.
Budgies keep themselves clean by preening.
Budgies live and migrate in large flocks, which can number in the tens of thousands.
Budgies live for years.
Budgies love to be petted, loved, and to be with the master.
Budgies love to be with other birds their own kind.
Budgies love to climb and chew, thus, take extra precautions.
Budgies occasionally succumb to health problems which require veterinary care.
Budgies only use nest boxes to breed in, they dont sleep in the box.
Budgies possess imitating and acrobatic skills.
Budgies regurgitate food for their mates.
Budgies require more care than simply cleaning the cage and adding food and water.
Budgies see everything in color.
Budgies show signs of affection to their friends by preening or feeding one another.
Budgies often break plastic perches, presenting a possible choking hazard.
Budgies often have stripes or blocky patterns to blend in with the grasslands.
All budgies can learn to mimic human speech if they spend a lot of one on one time with people.
Every budgie needs a cage.
Many budgies like to sleep on a perch high up in the cage.
Most budgies are ground-feeders that eat primarily seeds and plant material.
Most Budgies are now parent raised and are infrequently socialized to be tame with people.
Most budgies close beaks.
Most budgies eat seeds.
Most budgies have beaks.
Most budgies have blue feathers.
Most budgies have bright feathers.
Most budgies have bright green feathers.
Most budgies have dark blue feathers.
Most budgies have dark feathers.
Most budgies have feathers.
Most budgies have green feathers.
Most budgies have interest.
Most budgies have stripes.
Most budgies like to chew and a budgie chewing an electrical cord often has deadly consequences.
Most budgies live for years.
Most budgies seem to learn biting out of fear.
Some budgies are afraid of the dark and begin to fly chaotically.
Some Budgies are stubborn by nature while others are very sweet.
Some budgies become close friends.
Some budgies become friends.
Some budgies gain weight.
Some budgies get food.
Some budgies have deficiencies.
Some budgies have diets.
Some budgies have proper diets.
Some budgies have properties.
Some budgies have reflective properties.
Some budgies lack black melanin pigment.
Some budgies lack black pigment.
Some budgies lack melanin pigment.
Some budgies lack pigment.
Some budgies live to years.
Some budgies lose energy.
Some budgies nest in cavities.
Some budgies nest in tree cavities.
Some budgies receive balance diets.
Some budgies receive diets.
Some budgies starve to death.
Some budgies suffer from bacterial infection.
Some budgies suffer from conditions.
Some budgies suffer from infection.
Budokai students learn and practice kata constantly.
Buduma cattle have distinct horns which are especially long.
Buetos wings are broad and round, and a broad fanned tail.
Buff coats provide protection.
Most buff coats provide protection.
A buff is a follower
Buff isa individual.
Buff isa person.
Buff isa somebody.
Buff isa someone.
Buffs are implements.
Buffs are leathers.
Buffs are skin.
Buffs die surfaces to remove burrs, using emery cloth.
Buffs finally have a man's running game.
Buffs have (part) arms.
Buffs have (part) body substances.
Buffs have (part) cell membranes.
Buffs have (part) cells.
Buffs have (part) corpi.
Buffs have (part) cytoplasm.
Buffs have (part) heads.
Buffs have (part) human bodies.
Buffs have (part) legs.
Buffs have (part) material bodies.
Buffs have (part) necks.
Buffs have (part) nuclei.
Buffs have (part) personality.
Buffs have (part) plasma membranes.
Buffs have (part) sections.
Buffs have (part) vacuoles.
Buffs have what some have rated the nation's toughest schedule.
Buffs head in direction of travel.
Most buffs belong to clubs.
Some buffs affect group members.
Some buffs affect members.
Buffalo burger brings a unique, hearty, sweet flavor to any dish along with making it healthier.
Buffalo burgers are higher in protein and lower in cholesterol and total fat than beef.
Buffalo burgers are the main feature.
Buffalo chicken is good stuff, marinating strips with a pleasing vinegary finish.
Buffalo City has fishing diversity and it's the most scenic part of the river.
Buffalo clover is a lupin
Buffalo clover is an uncommon native clover of Missouri.
Buffalo County has a reputation for producing record-class bucks.
Buffalo County is home to both whitetail and mule deer having both river bottom and range land.
Buffalo County tends to be more business friendly when it comes to taxation.
Buffalo Creek burn site.
Buffalo Creek has several designated uses including cold water fishes.
Buffalo Creek is a premier mountain biking area an hour west of Denver.
Buffalo Creek is closed to all fishing and minnow seining upstream from the mill dam.
Buffalo Creek runs south of Hutchinson.
Buffalo currant produces comparable fruit more abundantly in less space and is recommended instead.
A buffalo gnat is a gnat
Buffalo gnats are small humpbacked biting flies.
Buffalo grass has a lower nitrogen requirement than bermuda grass.
Buffalo grass is a warm season turf that is very drought resistant.
Buffalo grass is dioecious.
Buffalo grass is grass
Buffalo grass is grass.
Buffalo grass is the only non-clumping grass listed.
Buffalo grass needs the warmth for rapid establishment.
Buffalo grass prevails on the uplands, and blue stem and other wild grasses on the bottoms.
Buffalo grass reproduces both sexually and by tillering sprouts from the base of grass clumps.
Buffalo grasses are scarce, the bluejoint crowds it out.
Buffalo horns are also more flexible and resilient than cattle horns and provide thicker strips.
Buffalo horns have no sideways twist as present in cattle horns.
Buffalo horns have no sidewise twist as present in cattle horns.
Buffalo hunts are another option.
Buffalo man donates giant collection of pulp fiction to local library.
Buffalo meat has a dramatically lower fat content than beef or chicken.
Buffalo meat has less calories than chicken and can be found in many area restaurants.
Buffalo meat is a prime source of many essential nutrients in our diet.
Buffalo meat is also non-allergenic.
Buffalo meat is delicious and nutritious.
Buffalo meat is for everyone, from dieters to athletes.
Buffalo meat is naturally flavorful and tender.
Buffalo meat is surplus in India.
Buffalo meat is very good to eat and has less fat than beef.
Buffalo meat is very similar to beef in cut, taste, and texture.
Buffalo meat tastes very similar to beef.
Buffalo milk contains about twice as much butterfat as cow milk .
Buffalo milk contains higher total solids than cow milk, which makes it thicker.
Buffalo milk has lower cholesterol but more calories and fat compared with cow's milk.
Buffalo milk is a bit gamier, but either is acceptable.
Buffalo milk is consumed in south Asia, with India, China and Pakistan being the biggest producers.
Buffalo milk is high in lactose, protein and fat and therefore helps with a young calf's growth.
Buffalo milk is kept separate and sent to the dairy plant.
Buffalo milk is to be avoided.
Buffalo milk is used in much the same way as cow's milk.
Buffalo milk is used in some Western countries for the production of buffalo mozzarella cheese.
Buffalo milk tends to be lower in salt.
Buffalo mozzarella is as buttery as an Apulian burrata.
Buffalo sauce is a type of tangy hot sauce often used on cooked chicken wings.
Buffalo State is a conference game.
Buffalo State is a diverse campus with a community committed to student success.
Buffalo State is only one of three institutions in the country offering an art restoration program.
Buffalo State is very talented and that was evident with their fourth quarter performance.
Buffalo treehoppers cause damage.
Buffalo treehoppers cause severe damage.
Most buffalo treehoppers cause damage.
Most buffalo treehoppers cause severe damage.
A buffalo wing is a dish
Buffalo wings are a typical example.
Buffalo wings go best with beer, so have an ice-cold pint.
Buffalo wings have nothing to do with bison.
Some buffalo wings have ice.
Buffalo adapts to environments.
Buffalo adapts to harsh environments.
Buffalo also carries some equipment and toys.
Buffalo also does a good job of focusing on the seasonal.
Buffalo also has many of the essential fatty acids necessary for human well being.
Buffalo also have specific behavioral adaptations geared to conserving energy.
Buffalo also offers a cultural feast for the arts and theatre lover.
Buffalo also offers after-school tutoring for elementary and secondary students.
Buffalo also protect each other.
Buffalo are a keystone species of the ecosystem.
Buffalo are are appreciated for the high fat content of their milk.
Buffalo are big eaters, grazing on almost any grass, leaves and twigs.
Buffalo are central to the cultural and spiritual way of life of tribes across the country.
Buffalo are easy to find, both wild and being raised for the meat.
Buffalo are especially sensitive.
Buffalo are exclusively grazers.
Buffalo are grazed on the land.
Buffalo are herbivores, and so eat only vegetation.
Buffalo are huge animals with thick, brown fur.
Buffalo are in large numbers today.
Buffalo are more efficient feed converters than cattle.
Buffalo are no longer an endangered species.
Buffalo are normally quite peaceful and only become aggressive when they feel threatened.
Buffalo are social animals and live in groups called herds.
Buffalo are the animals of the past, yes, but they are also the animals of the future.
Buffalo are very big and extremely hearty.
Buffalo are very similar to cows, so that was fairly easy.
Buffalo are well adapted for life on the open prairie.
Buffalo are wild animals.
Buffalo can be a combination of the two when the team is good.
Buffalo can be dangerous during breeding and calving.
Buffalo can bring a lot of confidence into Game Six.
Buffalo can grind out victories over Pittsburgh.
Buffalo can survive where cattle die off.
Buffalo can throw out four solid lines that can score.
Buffalo can weigh up to a ton, but they're amazingly quick and agile.
Buffalo carcasses floating on channels and channels suffocating with water hyacinths.
Buffalo chop the other half of the shrimp until made into paste.
Buffalo considers itself one of the most prestigious schools in the region.
Buffalo crosses fields.
Buffalo describes the emigrants' encounters with herds of buffalo along the Trail.
Buffalo deserves, and demands, that much at least.
Buffalo desperately needs to rediscover their scoring touch.
Buffalo does get plenty of lake-effect snow and has unpredictable wind patterns.
Buffalo eat grass, weeds, hay and grain.
Buffalo eat mainly grass and are grain finished.
Buffalo eats grass.
Buffalo enjoys approximately three months of each of the four seasons.
Buffalo enters the playoffs healthy.
Buffalo enters the playoffs with the league's top-ranked defense.
Buffalo faces extremely difficult fiscal pressures.
Buffalo farming for fattening is generally the main occupation.
Buffalo feeds on aquatic plants.
Buffalo feeds on plants.
Buffalo gets plenty of snow. . .
Buffalo gives birth to calves.
Buffalo gnats bothering livestock.
Buffalo grazes in fields.
Buffalo grazes in grass.
Buffalo grazes on fresh grass.
Buffalo grazes on grass.
Buffalo guts, a treat for the mountain gourmet.
Buffalo has (part) brains.
Buffalo has (part) breasts.
Buffalo has (part) cannon bones.
Buffalo has (part) cell membranes.
Buffalo has (part) cells.
Buffalo has (part) chest cavities.
Buffalo has (part) chests.
Buffalo has (part) corpi.
Buffalo has (part) cytoplasm.
Buffalo has (part) ears.
Buffalo has (part) faces.
Buffalo has (part) heads.
Buffalo has (part) hip sockets.
Buffalo has (part) hoofs.
Buffalo has (part) nuclei.
Buffalo has (part) piluses.
Buffalo has (part) plasma membranes.
Buffalo has (part) rib cages.
Buffalo has (part) second stomachs.
Buffalo has (part) sections.
Buffalo has (part) skulls.
Buffalo has (part) sterna.
Buffalo has (part) vacuoles.
Buffalo has a continental-type climate, which is common in the Great Lakes region.
Buffalo has a lot of pushing to do in the next three games, all against division rivals.
Buffalo has a lot of speed and a turnover spells trouble.
Buffalo has a major airport with frequent flights from New York City and other major U.S. cities.
Buffalo has a propitious border location .
Buffalo has a renowned philharmonic orchestra and a diversified downtown theater district.
Buffalo has a solid pitching staff.
Buffalo has an image problem, it's true.
Buffalo has far less fat than beef.
Buffalo has grey skin.
Buffalo has habits.
Buffalo has less summer rain than any other major Northeast city.
Buffalo has many cultural and spiritual landmarks as well.
Buffalo has many historical landmarks and museums.
Buffalo has many things to offer Buffalo has many things to offer.
Buffalo has more summer sunshine than any other major city in the Northeast.
Buffalo has much to offer recreationally and educationally.
Buffalo has one opening on roster.
Buffalo has one.
Buffalo has players that like to go to the net.
Buffalo has seven solid defensemen and four solid back-checking lines.
Buffalo has several well-known food companies.
Buffalo has skin.
Buffalo has so much to recommend it that it's hard to know where to begin.
Buffalo has some fine schools, offering solid academic footings.
Buffalo has some nice terrain.
Buffalo has some of the best and most loyal fans.
Buffalo has some of the best fans in the country.
Buffalo has team spirit and so do the softball players.
Buffalo has the edge that it can roll four lines and get scoring from any of the four.
Buffalo has the entertainment and nightlife to suit any taste.
Buffalo has the greatest sports fans and the teams to match.
Buffalo has the largest concentration of theaters in the state outside of New York City.
Buffalo has the oldest and largest religious radio network in the Polish language.
Buffalo has three games left, while Montreal and Carolina each have two.
Buffalo has world class museums, theaters, and much much more.
Buffalo have more highly developed senses of hearing and smell than sight.
Buffalo have to be there for our culture to exist.
Buffalo hide soles.
Buffalo hides and meat clutter the market.
Buffalo hides piled to the skies.
Buffalo holds good-sized eastern brook, rainbows and kokanee.
Buffalo increase their herds through reproduction.
Buffalo inhabits ranges.
Buffalo is a bison
Buffalo is a city of approx.
Buffalo is a city with a wealth of history.
Buffalo is a descent side.
Buffalo is a fabulous city, always supporting their local athletes.
Buffalo is a great addition to any menu or freezer case.
Buffalo is a great hub location for touring Wyoming, Montana and South Dakota.
Buffalo is a healthy red meat, low in cholesterol and fat, but high in protein.
Buffalo is a lot more than infamous weather .
Buffalo is a member of the animal kingdom and belongs to class mammalia.
Buffalo is a more well-rounded team with a deeper bench.
Buffalo is a nice city.
Buffalo is a one newspaper town.
Buffalo is a perennial darkhorse.
Buffalo is a physical team.
Buffalo is a pretty skilled team.
Buffalo is a ranching community but is also a very popular area for outdoor recreation.
Buffalo is a rich and diverse city.
Buffalo is a very disciplined and patient team.
Buffalo is a well-drilled team that prides itself on composure.
Buffalo is also a natural rival for Toronto.
Buffalo is also a prime location for people who love to shop.
Buffalo is also a short drive from a certain world-famous signature waterfall.
Buffalo is also host to many professional sports organizations.
Buffalo is always tough.
Buffalo is back in the hunt - running second overall going into the final day.
Buffalo is best medium rare to rare.
Buffalo is bigger, with shorter horns.
Buffalo is closer.
Buffalo is county seat of Erie County New York.
Buffalo is county seat of Johnson County Wyoming.
Buffalo is cows.
Buffalo is encircled by networks of steel.
Buffalo is fortunate in having four distinct seasons.
Buffalo is full of great old houses with historic significance.
Buffalo is full of wisdom.
Buffalo is games.
Buffalo is higher in protein, lower in fat, calories and cholesterol than beef.
Buffalo is home to the work of several other architects of note.
Buffalo is known as bison.
Buffalo is known as the largest flour-milling city in the world.
Buffalo is large city built with bricks.
Buffalo is located in Western New York on Lake Erie.
Buffalo is located on the eastern end of Lake Erie, right across from Canada.
Buffalo is low in fat, cholesterol, and calories, yet high in vitamins and minerals, and very tasty.
Buffalo is no stranger to snow.
Buffalo is on the eastern side of Lake Erie near the Niagara River.
Buffalo is one of the most nutritious and healthiest RED meats in the world.
Buffalo is one of the most wired cities in the country.
Buffalo is one of the nation's most densely networked fiber optic cities.
Buffalo is one.
Buffalo is only an hour's flight from New York City, Washington, Boston, Philadelphia and Chicago.
Buffalo is raised free range.
Buffalo is really tough also.
Buffalo is similar to beef and makes good jerky.
Buffalo is so cool.
Buffalo is so lean, it's easy to overcook.
Buffalo is soon to follow.
Buffalo is still an option as well.
Buffalo is still the core of the region.
Buffalo is that kind of place.
Buffalo is the animal.
Buffalo is the city with a heart.
Buffalo is the commonly accepted word.
Buffalo is the county seat of Wright County .
Buffalo is the fresher team.
Buffalo is the good-pizza city of America.
Buffalo is the grain center of America.
Buffalo is the leanest and most nutritious red meat and has outstanding flavor when barbecued.
Buffalo is the second largest city in New York and is known as the Queen City.
Buffalo is the second-biggest city in New York State.
Buffalo is thought of as being one of the snow capitals of the North.
Buffalo is three points back at the midway point of the season.
Buffalo is Wright County's hub for medicine, law, and the banking industry.
Buffalo is, however, considering slots for suburban students in new high schools being planned.
Buffalo isa bison.
Buffalo leads the best of seven series two games to one.
Buffalo lines up for an onside kick after cutting the margin to seven in the fourth quarter.
Buffalo lives in habitats.
Buffalo lives in regions.
Buffalo lives in rocky terrains.
Buffalo lives in terrains.
Buffalo lives on coarse grass.
Buffalo lives on grass.
Buffalo looks like a nice place to get a tenure and then live a peaceful life.
Buffalo makes meat.
Buffalo makes the perfect destination.
Buffalo move in herds.
Buffalo needs to find a better balance between defense and offense when it gets a lead.
Buffalo needs to get healthy.
Buffalo needs to get some offense going.
Buffalo needs to play at home like it has been doing in Pittsburgh.
Buffalo nickels with excessive wear showing no dates are worth about ten cents.
Buffalo now embarks on a four-game trip.
Buffalo now enjoy a modest increase in numbers in North American farms, parks, and refuges.
Buffalo NOW is hard at work on the issues listed below.
Buffalo nurtures the idea with an annual creativity conference.
Buffalo occurs in areas.
Buffalo offers a full range of financial products and services at competitive rates.
Buffalo offers a great deal of educational choice for families.
Buffalo plays the same style.
Buffalo prefer coarser and finer grasses than cattle do.
Buffalo presents an interesting contrast.
Buffalo produce milk with a higher fat content which is a greatly valued commodity in their society.
Buffalo produces high-quality crude oil which attracts a premium price and generates high netbacks.
Buffalo provides meat.
Buffalo purchases quality used clothing, shoes, purses, belts, and other household textile items.
Buffalo remains in the mix as well.
Buffalo replaces beaver as the most profitable pelt in the fur trade.
Buffalo require higher levels of selenium, vitamin E, and trace minerals than beef cattle.
Buffalo requires special considerations when cooking to insure delicious meals.
Buffalo roam a pasture within sight of the main lodge.
Buffalo roam the prairie.
Buffalo roams fields.
Buffalo roams prairie.
Buffalo roams regions.
Buffalo runs along slowly like a stage play, with long-winded conversations in a one room location.
Buffalo seems to be greatly underrated.
Buffalo sees snow.
Buffalo sells only clothes that are cool.
Buffalo signifies self-sacrifice for the benefit of all.
Buffalo spend their days grazing, tree rubbing and wallowing in Yellowstone's grasslands.
Buffalo spreads by rhizomes, stolons and seed.
Buffalo stands apart, less homogenized than many American cities.
Buffalo stands just to the east of Lake Erie, one of the five Great Lakes.
Buffalo take care of themselves, even in calving.
Buffalo tastes just as good and has a fraction of the fat of beef.
Buffalo turns up their grown game.
Buffalo visit the web site.
Buffalo wants it bad.
Buffalo works great cooked on the grill, pan fried and on portable countertop grills.
Buffaloes are lean animals.
Buffalos can be dangerous especially when they're provoked.
Buffalos like to wallow in mud pools and water bodies to release body heat.
Buffalo always rises to the occasion against Miami.
Buffalo sometimes charge their enemies.
Buffalo sometimes congregate by the thousands.
Buffalos sometimes wander onto the road at night to keep warm.
Most buffalo eats grass.
Most buffalo feeds on aquatic plants.
Most buffalo feeds on plants.
Most buffalo gives birth to calves.
Most buffalo has habits.
Most buffalo has skin.
Most buffalo is known as bison.
Most buffalo lives in habitats.
Most buffalo lives in regions.
Most buffalo lives in rocky terrains.
Most buffalo lives in terrains.
Most buffalo lives on coarse grass.
Most buffalo lives on grass.
Most buffalo makes meat.
Most buffalo occurs in areas.
Most buffalo provides meat.
Most buffalo sees snow.
Most buffaloes are in private small stock herds.
Some buffalo comes from buffalo.
Some buffalo comes into contact.
Some buffalo cows reach maturity.
Some buffalo eats grain.
Some buffalo eats hay.
Some buffalo has ability.
Some buffalo has horns.
Some buffalo has predators.
Some buffalo has remarkable ability.
Some buffalo has roles.
Some buffalo is known as meat.
Some buffalo is located in Asia.
Some buffalo kills lions.
Some buffalo kills male lions.
Some buffalo makes milk.
Some buffalo possesses horns.
Some buffalo provides food.
Some buffalo provides meals.
Some buffalo roams Illinois.
Some buffalo serves as meat.
Some buffalo stands on mounds.
Some buffalo travels up to kms.
Some buffalo utilizes proteins.
A buffalofish is a sucker
Buffalofishes are very important to commercial fishing in Iowa.
A buffer is a compound
Buffers allow mixing of pesticides of different acidity or alkalinity.
Buffers also can increase farm safety and generally make fields easier to farm.
Buffers also help prevent shoreline erosion and provide shade, food, and shelter for wildlife.
Buffers also help units play dirty, scratched or otherwise damaged discs.
Buffers also make a softer visual transition from developed areas to natural lands.
Buffers also offer a setback distance for agricultural chemical use from water sources.
Buffers also provide excellent wildlife habitat and increase landscape biodiversity.
Buffers also provide fish and wildlife habitats and preserve the ecosystem of the waterways.
Buffers also trap snow and reduce blowing soil in areas with strong winds.
Buffers are a special case of the common ion effect.
Buffers are also beneficial on lower speed facilities.
Buffers are always direct access devices.
Buffers are an effective tool in improving water quality.
Buffers are compounds.
Buffers are devices.
Buffers are easy to establish and inexpensive to install.
Buffers are excellent at restoring balance in situations that have become unstable.
Buffers are for pros or serious enthusiasts.
Buffers are in the back RH corner.
Buffers are memory devices.
Buffers are mixtures of weak acids or bases and their salts.
Buffers are most effective within one pH unit of the pKa.
Buffers are of some help in handling worst case situations of short duration.
Buffers are only one part of a farm management system.
Buffers are part of cars.
Buffers are particularly effective in removing nitrates from the soil water.
Buffers are power tools.
Buffers are resources.
Buffers are simply areas where the natural vegetation is encouraged to grow.
Buffers are social exchanges that cushion or mitigate the negative effects of life stresses.
Buffers are storage areas within programs, and are frequently used to store program inputs.
Buffers are visible to the user.
Buffers can affect the mobility of both the marker and the samples.
Buffers can also point to arbitrary memory like kernel memory.
Buffers can also reduce the amounts of phosphorous and sediments that enter watercourses.
Buffers can also serve as input and output areas for an external process such as a shell or REPL .
Buffers can include alternative crops, waterways, roadways, etc.
Buffers can partially offset the effects of low fiber rations.
Buffers cause acidic solutions to become alkaline, and alkaline solutions to become acidic.
Buffers Changes the sound buffering numbers.
Buffers control the number and size of receive packet buffers.
Buffers cost less.
Buffers create cooling shade for the stream.
Buffers decrease breakdown of pesticides in alkaline water.
Buffers do a great job of enhancing fish habitat.
Buffers do just that.
Buffers eliminate end rows and can help reduce taxes.
Buffers exceed weight limits.
Buffers exist until explicitly killed.
Buffers generally constitute a clear attempt by the auditor to get the floor.
Buffers have no read syntax.
Buffers help to maintain intake as well as fat test, especially in low fiber diets.
Buffers improve stream water quality and wider buffers provide significantly greater benefit.
Buffers keep pH steady and within normal limits in living organisms.
Buffers minimize the effects of logging operations.
Buffers moderate the changes in ph.
Buffers move to the front of the list when they are selected and to the end when they are buried.
Buffers neutralize both acids and alkalies and generate less heat.
Buffers offer less maintenance and more wildlife opportunities as well as slowing runoff.
Buffers play an essential role in overall flow control in a network.
Buffers prevent changes in pH byabsorbing or releasing hydrogen ions.
Buffers prevent scuffing of the underneath of the seat.
Buffers prevent the pH of a solution from changing when an acid or base is added.
Buffers protect particularly sensitive natural communities or rare species habitat.
Buffers reduce water pollution and provide habitat for wildlife.
Buffers rely on prior agreement as the the interpretation of passed data.
Buffers remove a significant amount of nitrate and store it in plant material.
Buffers resist a change in the pH of a solution when small amounts of acid or base are added.
Buffers resist change.
Buffers resist pH changes.
Buffers serve as temporary storage areas in circuits.
Buffers stabilize pH of a solution by taking up excess hydrogen or hydroxide ions.
Buffers support slicing only when a typecode of c is used.
Buffers tend to stabilize the pH at a relatively constant level.
Buffers work best when .
Buffers work best when incorporated into resource management systems.
Buffers work within fractions of a second.
All buffers are completely full except the final buffer.
All buffers are suitable for parenteral use.
All buffers contain protease inhibitors.
All buffers have default labels on commit.
Every buffer has a size greater than the maximum worm length.
More buffer overflows, but none in sensitive programs.
Most buffers are fine.
Most buffers are weak acids or weak bases that combine reversibly with hydrogen ions.
Some buffers are silent.
Some buffers display additional information after the minor modes.
Some buffers have a third line entering the side of the triangle.
Some buffers require native grasses even where grass species are lush.
Buffered materials are appropriate for the storage of most books and artifacts on paper.
Buffered solutions are simply solutions of weak acids or bases containing a common ion.
Buffered water means the pH is stable.
All buffet tables come with floral centerpieces and color-coordinated linen.
A buffet is furniture
Buffets also add a festive air to catered events.
Buffets are a little less formal, but can also be quite elegant.
Buffets are everywhere.
Buffets are famous for their full, dark, resonant tones.
Buffets are furniture.
Buffets are good value.
Buffets are in favor.
Buffets are located in cafes.
Buffets are located in chinese restaurants.
Buffets are located in dining rooms.
Buffets are located in hotels.
Buffets are located in restaurants.
Buffets are located in weddings.
Buffets are meals.
Buffets are often a less expensive way to go.
Buffets are part of dining rooms.
Buffets are perfect because they work for any group and allow hosts to have fun, too.
Buffets are perfect for kids.
Buffets are storage devices.
Buffets are the enemy of weight control.
Buffets are used for breakfasts.
Buffets are used for dessert.
Buffets are used for food.
Buffets are used for wedding reception.
Buffets are wonderful, especially for larger gatherings.
Buffets broaden their appeal After being out of favor for years, buffets are making a comeback.
Buffets can and do serve many interesting foods.
Buffets can be deadly.
Buffets can be fun.
Buffets can be very elegant to very casual.
Buffets Create visual interest on buffet tables.
Buffets give people the chance to mill around and talk to each other.
Buffets offer a broad selection of food, usually in unlimited quantities.
Buffets present a special challenge, however.
Buffets really have the potential of being a good value .
All buffets come with chef's choice of dessert.
Most buffets offer discount pricing for seniors and children.
A bufflehead is a duck
Buffleheads are birds.
Buffleheads are compact, with a short neck and a short narrow grey bill.
Buffleheads are ducks.
Buffleheads are fast fliers with rapid wing-beats.
Buffleheads are sexually dimorphic in plumage as well as overall size.
Buffleheads are usually a coastal bird although inland sightings are occasional.
Buffleheads form monogamous pairs.
Buffleheads typically eat aquatic insects, snails, crustaceans and aquatic plants.
Buffleheads often nest in trees, in abandoned flicker nest cavities.
A buffoon is a fool
Buffoon is about as ridiculous as a horse can get, ungainly and ugly.
Buffoon is only one.
Buffoon isa fool.
Buffoons are fantastical, irreverent creatures, derived from the outcasts of medieval society.
Buffoons have (part) arms.
Buffoons have (part) body substances.
Buffoons have (part) cell membranes.
Buffoons have (part) cells.
Buffoons have (part) corpi.
Buffoons have (part) cytoplasm.
Buffoons have (part) heads.
Buffoons have (part) human bodies.
Buffoons have (part) legs.
Buffoons have (part) material bodies.
Buffoons have (part) necks.
Buffoons have (part) nuclei.
Buffoons have (part) personality.
Buffoons have (part) plasma membranes.
Buffoons have (part) sections.
Buffoons have (part) vacuoles.
Any buffoon can make history, but only a great man can write it.
A buffoonery is indulgence
Buffoonery is now a staple of entertainment.
Buffoonery is particularly popular in the circus.
Bufftech products have smooth surfaces with no nails, sharp edges or chance for splinters.
Buffy fans tend to be pretty cool.
Bufo toads have natural predators.
Bufo toads have predators.
Bufo toads sit in positions.
Bufo toads sit in upright positions.
Most bufo toads have natural predators.
Most bufo toads have predators.
Most bufo toads sit in positions.
Most bufo toads sit in upright positions.
Bufo isa frog.
Bufo isa toad.
Bufos have (part) brains.
Bufos have (part) breasts.
Bufos have (part) cell membranes.
Bufos have (part) cells.
Bufos have (part) chest cavities.
Bufos have (part) chests.
Bufos have (part) corpi.
Bufos have (part) cytoplasm.
Bufos have (part) ears.
Bufos have (part) faces.
Bufos have (part) heads.
Bufos have (part) nuclei.
Bufos have (part) pedal extremities.
Bufos have (part) plasma membranes.
Bufos have (part) rib cages.
Bufos have (part) sections.
Bufos have (part) skulls.
Bufos have (part) sterna.
Bufos have (part) vacuoles.
Bufos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Bug bites can be part of spring and summer ski and snowboard mountaineering.
Bug bombs are also potentially flammable if used incorrectly.
Bug bombs kill their food.
Bug fixes are a breeze.
Bug fixes are available free via the internet.
Bug fixes are certainly welcome.
Bug fixes are even more welcome.
Bug fixes are free and upgrades are priced based on number, types of features added.
Bug fixes are free for the life of the product.
Bug fixes are good so go check it out.
Bug fixes are of course welcome.
Bug fixes are okay.
Bug fixes can come as patches for the source code or as completely new releases.
Bug fixes can fly across the network while enhancements crawl.
Bug fixes can take several hours to get integrated.
Bug fixes come before feature additions.
Bug fun has great activities for kids.
Bug life is good.
Bug nets are light, cheap and can be a lifesaver.
Bug reports are also welcome.
Bug reports are always welcome.
Bug reports are especially valuable to the authors.
Bug reports are good and wonderful.
Bug reports are Good and Wonderful.
Bug reports are great, bug fixes are better.
Bug reports are highly welcome.
Bug reports are however welcome from all parties.
Bug reports are more helpful with some information about the activity.
Bug reports are more than welcome, indeed.
Bug reports are welcome at the email address listed in the documentation.
Bug reports are welcome at the same address.
Bug reports are welcome but please send as much information as possible.
Bug reports are welcome, as well as success stories.
Bug reports are welcome.
All bug reports are welcome.
Most bug reports result in a fix fairly quickly - usually within a few days.
Bug screen covers grille area for added protection.
Some bug sprays are sprayed at the bug to kill it .
Some bug sprays are sprayed at the bug to kill it.
Bug tracking is a very important part of ouor process.
Bug zappers are for kids.
Bug zappers are great for ridding summer nights of mosquitoes.
Bug zappers are useless against mosquitoes.
Bug zappers do indeed kill some mosquitoes.
Bug zappers kill a lot of insects if they fly in that direction.
Bug zappers kill a lot of insects, but very few of the insects killed function as pests.
Bug zappers kill a lot of insects.
A bug is an insect
Bug affects only some B.C. dates.
Bug allows malicious code to slip through firewalls.
Bug allows text, HTML or image files to be copied from victims' hard disks.
Bug collecting has a long tradition in Japan, where insects are gathered to teach kids about nature.
Bug fixes Allow multiple columns, and only display one column.
Bug fixes and more customizable comparison functions.
Bug fixes as usual.
Bug fixes background color text.
Bug fixes Better Comment handling.
Bug fixes Fail to save project that contains invalid file.
Bug fixes First support for config files.
Bug fixes Fixed an initialization bug caused when no serial number was defined.
Bug fixes Fixed semaphore initialisation bug.
Bug fixes Fixed some very subtle macro timing bugs in Schedule.
Bug fixes Fixed various multiplayer crashes.
Bug fixes for ' lock ', ' clock ' and ' breakclock '.
Bug fixes for clipping of azimuth lines.
Bug fixes for modifying HTML with meta refresh tags.
Bug fixes for some weird situations that have been reported.
Bug fixes for -t mode of mwrite and mread.
Bug fixes for whiptail.
Bug fixes from interoperability testing.
Bug fixes in ascii mode in ftp and rcp clients.
Bug fixes in misc.
Bug fixes in new output routines, comparator procedures.
Bug fixes in new reformatter.
Bug fixes in raw vectors.
Bug fixes in rope , and minor bug fixes elsewhere.
Bug fixes in speed control.
Bug fixes in store code.
Bug fixes in the airport generator util.
Bug fixes in the guestbook CGI script.
Bug fixes in tlp-mode.
Bug fixes only, no new features.
Bug fixes plenty too.
Bug fixes regarding editing queries.
Bug fixes related to package installation and removal.
Bug fixes Send bug fixes to the bug report address above.
Bug fixes some minor bugs Incompatible issues change name convention of class name and method name.
Bug fixes soon follow.
Bug fixes Texture rotating now works properly.
Bug fixes the first year are free.
Bug fixes to improve reliability.
Bug fixes to load game, and to transposition table routines.
Bug fixes to text and html output.
Bug fixes to the current specification.
Bug fixes too.
Bug fixes with the locale.
Bug fixes Zooming in on a skew-T plot is now safe.
Bug fixes, especially for multibyte character sets.
Bug fixes, more complete HTML support and updated documentation.
Bug fixes, more tests, support for text-align.
Bug fixes, slightly altered default configuration.
Bug fixes, too.
Bug is close It's always darkest before . . .
Bug is close.
Bug isa insect.
Bug killing is very different from controlling wildlife.
Bug likes mail.
Bug reporting Before reporting a bug, please read the manual carefully.
Bug reports .
Bug reports about font-lock mode, fancy wrapping.
Bug reports as well as upgrade suggestions are welcome.
Bug reports Send bug reports to the address above.
Bug reports to the fpc-devel mailing list please.
Bug reports with fixes are indeed welcome.
Bug squashing is always harder than it looks.
Bugs abound, of course, as do player killers.
Bugs adapt, become resistant, and evolve into super-bugs.
Bugs also covers bot pathing, since nobody likes to fight bots that just stand around.
Bugs also do a good job of getting rid of the worlds enormous supply of excrement and dead animals.
Bugs also gets in on the action.
Bugs amass in throng, ablanket of life moving and pulsing on rotted wood and peeling shingles.
Bugs are a car-camping tradition.
Bugs are a different matter, of course.
Bugs are a drag.
Bugs are a good source of vitamins, minerals and fats.
Bugs are a great source of protein.
Bugs are a largely accepted part of the software development process.
Bugs are a potential hazard to orchids.
Bugs are a tool to get kids excited about science.
Bugs are a whole new ball game.
Bugs are also the cause of sugar streak in hard maple.
Bugs are also welcome offcourse.
Bugs are always a serious concern.
Bugs are always annoying, but they're unacceptable in an accounting program.
Bugs are an unintended source of inspiration.
Bugs are annoying, bugs are embarrassing.
Bugs are another cause of superficial damage.
Bugs are another potential problem.
Bugs are another serious problem here.
Bugs are another story.
Bugs are at their height of activity .
Bugs are back.
Bugs are beautiful things.
Bugs are bits of code inadvertently written into the program, making it behave in unexpected ways.
Bugs are bugs.
Bugs are capable of anger.
Bugs are certain to occur.
Bugs are cool.
Bugs are dangerous sculpture.
Bugs are defects.
Bugs are different shapes, colors, and sizes.
Bugs are easier to fix and control on a small scale as opposed to community-wide.
Bugs are easy, accessible to laypersons.
Bugs are error in the programs.
Bugs are evidence of an underlying process.
BUGS are fascinating . . .
Bugs are funny that way.
Bugs are glitches within a program.
Bugs are good bait.
Bugs are good for building character in the user.
Bugs are good to eat.
Bugs are health food.
Bugs are horrible in the summer months.
Bugs are in all kinds of foods and drinks.
Bugs are insects.
Bugs are just one component of the typical ostrich diet.
Bugs are located in fields.
Bugs are located in gardens.
Bugs are located in ground.
Bugs are located in lawns.
Bugs are located in lofts.
Bugs are located in meadows.
Bugs are located in rocks.
Bugs are located in roofs.
Bugs are located in rugs.
Bugs are located in water.
Bugs are located in wood.
Bugs are low in fat and high in protein.
Bugs are medium but constant.
Bugs are microphones.
Bugs are monstrosities.
Bugs are most persistent in orchards with alfalfa or clover sods.
Bugs are much more likely to be found early, and reported to the maintainers.
Bugs are on the web too.
Bugs are one of the few significant calcium sources around after milk products.
Bugs are one of the ways of speech.
Bugs are our friends.
Bugs are pests.
Bugs are quite common and a lot of workarounds are needed.
Bugs are rare.
Bugs are shallow beasts because so many eyes are looking at the code.
Bugs are simply a part of computing life.
Bugs are simply an indication of poor work habits.
Bugs are small animals.
Bugs are so obedient.
Bugs are sons of glitches.
Bugs are sure to remain.
Bugs are the bane of any programmer, and debugging is part of the program development process.
Bugs are the bane of many outdoor adventures.
Bugs are the most successful group of animals on the planet.
Bugs are the second-worst part of summer.
Bugs are unacceptable, even if they affect only a small number of their customers.
Bugs are very, very common.
Bugs are what the old salts call shrimp.
Bugs are widely available.
Bugs attacked by bacteria produce chemicals that kill proteins essential to the bacteria's survival.
Bugs become economic problems.
Bugs become nuisances.
Bugs become pest nuisances.
Bugs become pests.
Bugs become problems.
Bugs bite hosts.
Bugs bugs bugs.
Bugs can also be complex listening device like the infinity transmitter.
Bugs can be a nuisance at times.
Bugs can be a problem late spring through early fall.
Bugs can be difficult to locate, but once they're found, they are often easy to fix.
Bugs can be functional ones as well as usability ones.
Bugs can be present in all phases of the software development life cycle.
Bugs can carry parasites.
Bugs can depend on each other, or on source code modules.
Bugs can enter at any stage of the software-development process.
Bugs can find their light.
Bugs can grab things, throw objects, roll, and give foes a swift kick in the rump.
Bugs can have different status and comments in different branches.
Bugs can lurk around for quite a while before being discovered.
Bugs can make interesting transients.
Bugs can make matters worse.
Bugs Can produce garbage, if file contains embedded illustrations.
Bugs can survive most anything, especially the cockroach as they say.
Bugs can take flight readily and can make a buzzing noise if disturbed.
Bugs carry diseases.
Bugs carry the bait back to the nest to erradicate it.
Bugs cause considerable damage.
Bugs cause damage.
Bugs cause problems.
Bugs come from lazy programmers.
Bugs come in many forms, most commonly bacteria and viruses.
Bugs complete development.
Bugs consists of a map with bugs and plants on it.
Bugs consume prey.
Bugs consume proteins.
Bugs continues to show improvement.
Bugs crawl all over it.
Bugs crawl up a body under the skin.
Bugs crawling out of the water are great.
Bugs damage plants.
Bugs declares war.
Bugs deserve equal protection to all the nice warm and fuzzy critters.
Bugs develop in summer on female boxelder trees and a related species is found on goldenrain trees.
Bugs die in the fall.
Bugs disappear, and many scavengers go underground.
Bugs do damage.
Bugs do little damage.
Bugs do prefer tender seedlings to tough adult plants.
Bugs do what they do to survive.
Bugs don t have bones, but they do have a skeleton.
Bugs eat crops.
Bugs eat decay fruit.
Bugs eat decay plants.
Bugs eat fruit.
Bugs eat holes in leaves, worms dig holes, stars look like holes in the sky.
Bugs eat insects.
Bugs eat plants.
Bugs eat plants.
Bugs eat soybean plants.
Bugs enter buildings.
Bugs falling off branches slapping against the windows are a constant problem.
Bugs feed on aphids.
Bugs feed on blood.
Bugs feed on buds.
Bugs feed on creatures.
Bugs feed on fluid.
Bugs feed on foliage.
Bugs feed on fruit.
Bugs feed on insects.
Bugs feed on kudzu.
Bugs feed on leaf buds.
Bugs feed on leaf tissue.
Bugs feed on other creatures.
Bugs feed on plant tissue.
Bugs feed on plants.
Bugs feed on soft tissue.
Bugs feed on tissue.
Bugs Feel free to report bugs or send patches to the mailing list.
Bugs fix for compound words module and composit POSs module.
Bugs fixes None.
Bugs gather in sunny locations in Fall.
Bugs Generally asters keep entomologists and pathologists employed.
Bugs get dead.
Bugs give good xp and are fun too.
Bugs Go forward to Projects .
Bugs go into the History component.
Bugs go into the Networking component.
Bugs go through gradual metamorphosis.
Bugs go through metamorphosis.
Bugs go through nymph stages.
Bugs go through stages.
Bugs Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Bugs go where there is food.
Bugs has a great disposition and has been handled by kids since birth.
Bugs have (part) air sacs.
Bugs have (part) brains.
Bugs have (part) carapaces.
Bugs have (part) cell membranes.
Bugs have (part) cells.
Bugs have (part) corpi.
Bugs have (part) cytoplasm.
Bugs have (part) ears.
Bugs have (part) faces.
Bugs have (part) flight feathers.
Bugs have (part) heads.
Bugs have (part) nuclei.
Bugs have (part) plasma membranes.
Bugs have (part) quill feathers.
Bugs have (part) sections.
Bugs have (part) shells.
Bugs have (part) skulls.
Bugs have (part) thoraxes.
Bugs have (part) vacuoles.
Bugs have ability.
Bugs have chemical defense.
Bugs have compound eyes.
Bugs have defense.
Bugs have eyes.
Bugs have four wings or no wings at all.
Bugs have heads.
Bugs have large compound eyes.
Bugs have lifespans.
Bugs have long lifespans.
Bugs have offspring.
Bugs have pads.
Bugs have shorter, more distinct bodies and legs hanging down.
Bugs have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies.
Bugs have to be classified.
Bugs have to be worked out and incompatibilities solved.
Bugs have to get two water, two shelter, and three foods.
Bugs have wings attached to the top of their body.
Bugs infest areas.
Bugs infest houses.
Bugs inhabit diverse regions.
Bugs inhabit regions.
Bugs is a big guy with attractive black and white markings.
Bugs is half gangster already, a primal force of craziness.
Bugs is on.
Bugs is quite a guy.
Bugs just love such areas.
Bugs kill trees and porcupines kill trees.
Bugs know how to pick the best melons.
Bugs lead to security holes.
Bugs Let's roll into the ocean and fly across it by harnessing seagulls.
Bugs like to eat food stains and spray starch.
Bugs live everywhere outdoors.
Bugs live for few months.
Bugs live for months.
Bugs live for several months.
Bugs live in climates.
Bugs live in darkness, often beneath rocks.
Bugs live in locations.
Bugs live in temperate climates.
Bugs live in the seams and crevices.
Bugs look like bed bugs.
Bugs look like bugs.
Bugs look like lady bugs.
Bugs love glue and paper.
Bugs love house plants on the patio.
Bugs love stuff.
Bugs love the heat, so be prepared with potent repellent.
Bugs love to make homes under overhanging plants.
Bugs make homes.
Bugs make noise to attract mates or warn other of danger.
Bugs make people look cool.
Bugs move about in the world, gather food and avoid poison.
Bugs multiply there.
Bugs Only reads two types of TIFF compression formats.
Bugs outnumber all other forms of animal life on the planet.
Bugs pierce soft plant tissue, suck sap and cause plants to wilt.
Bugs play a crucial role in the stream nutrient cycle.
Bugs prefer weak plants.
Bugs Probably lots.
Bugs produce offspring.
Bugs Properly identifying a bed bug infestation is the key to quick control.
Bugs remain, no doubt, but widespread disaster was averted.
Bugs remain, see change history for more detail.
Bugs See sourceforge's bug system .
Bugs seem to appear exponentially.
Bugs shed exoskeletons.
Bugs sitting on the water are terrific.
Bugs sleep, feed on the plants and reproduce.
Bugs speak volumes to native of Canton.
Bugs spread diseases.
Bugs start to come out.
Bugs stundenlang gamen kannst.
Bugs survive for few months.
Bugs survive for months.
Bugs survive ranges.
Bugs take blood meals.
Bugs take meals.
Bugs talks the space invaders into staking their scheme on a basketball game.
Bugs taste like chicken.
Bugs tend to defy organization.
Bugs then draws a line in the road, and then a second.
Bugs then has a brilliant idea.
Bugs There are currently no known bugs.
Bugs undergo incomplete metamorphosis, with their young looking much like adults, but without wings.
Bugs use pheromone.
Bugs wander randomly around the landscape.
Bugs wins, and the Japanese pilot parachutes to safety.
Bugs yells back.
Bugs often arise because of a confusion between contexts.
Bugs often cause the computer to hang or crash .
Bugs often creep in when software is modified.
Bugs often manifest themselves that way.
Bugs usually appear when the programmer makes a logic error .
Bugs usually cause programs, and often the computer, to stop functioning properly.
Bugs usually cause programs, and often the computer, to stop.
Bugs usually equate with instability.
All bug fixes and subsequent upgrades are also free .
All bug reports, including sample code, are publicly accessible.
All bugs have a slight fractal bump map applied to their surfaces.
Any bug is good for hours of diversion.
Any bug reports etc.
Any bug reports in the forum or anywhere else in the site.
Any bug reports, comments or suggestions to improve rfindrep are welcome.
Any bug reports, comments, etc. sent to the below address.
Any bug reports, fixes, enhancements, comments and ideas are welcome.
Any bug reports, patches, suggestions and comments are welcome .
Any bug reports, questions, comments and suggestions are welcome.
Any bug reports, suggestions or comments are most welcome.
Every bug introduces potential security holes.
Many bug fixes in resizing and color management.
Many bug fixes Lots of minor changes as summarized in the change log .
Many bug fixes related to initialization and de-initialization.
Many bug fixes that include fixing some bad memory references.
Many bug fixes to the reporting and audit code.
Many bug fixes, and the new version is available as a patch or an entire download.
Many bug fixes, mostly small but some larger.
Many bug fixes, some compile fixes.
Many bug fixes.
Many bug reports.
Many bugs are a result of unforeseen interactions between modules.
Many bugs can also pierce other insects and take advantage of their juices.
Many bugs can fly.
Many bugs eat other bugs.
Many bugs have long stingers that easily penetrate tight fitting netting.
Many bugs have scent glands on the side of their body used in secreting odors.
Many bugs only present themselves after certain combinations of code are executed.
Many bugs only surface during integration.
Many BUGs work towards getting better parking and shower facilities at their workplaces.
More bug fixes all over the place.
Most bugs are a nightmare to track down.
Most bugs are useful, but some eat clothes and harm crops and trees.
Most bugs become economic problems.
Most bugs become nuisances.
Most bugs become pest nuisances.
Most bugs become pests.
Most bugs become problems.
Most bugs carry diseases.
Most bugs cause considerable damage.
Most bugs cause damage.
Most bugs cause problems.
Most bugs come from simple typos.
Most bugs consume prey.
Most bugs do damage.
Most bugs do little damage.
Most bugs eat decay fruit.
Most bugs eat decay plants.
Most bugs eat fruit.
Most bugs eat insects.
Most bugs eat plants.
Most bugs eat soybean plants.
Most bugs enter buildings.
Most bugs feed on aphids.
Most bugs feed on blood.
Most bugs feed on buds.
Most bugs feed on creatures.
Most bugs feed on fluid.
Most bugs feed on foliage.
Most bugs feed on fruit.
Most bugs feed on insects.
Most bugs feed on kudzu.
Most bugs feed on leaf buds.
Most bugs feed on leaf tissue.
Most bugs feed on other creatures.
Most bugs feed on plant tissue.
Most bugs feed on plants.
Most bugs feed on soft tissue.
Most bugs feed on tissue.
Most bugs go through gradual metamorphosis.
Most bugs go through metamorphosis.
Most bugs go through nymph stages.
Most bugs go through stages.
Most bugs have ability.
Most bugs have chemical defense.
Most bugs have compound eyes.
Most bugs have defense.
Most bugs have eyes.
Most bugs have heads.
Most bugs have large compound eyes.
Most bugs have lifespans.
Most bugs have long lifespans.
Most bugs have offspring.
Most bugs have pads.
Most bugs inhabit diverse regions.
Most bugs inhabit regions.
Most bugs live for few months.
Most bugs live for months.
Most bugs live for several months.
Most bugs live in climates.
Most bugs live in locations.
Most bugs live in temperate climates.
Most bugs live less than a year and are seasonal.
Most bugs look like bed bugs.
Most bugs look like bugs.
Most bugs look like lady bugs.
Most bugs make homes.
Most bugs manifest at exactly the same provocations at widely separated parts of the net.
Most bugs produce offspring.
Most bugs shed exoskeletons.
Most bugs spread diseases.
Most bugs survive for few months.
Most bugs survive for months.
Most bugs survive ranges.
Most bugs take blood meals.
Most bugs take meals.
Most bugs use pheromone.
Some bug fixes and improvements in compression core.
Some bug fixes and speed improvements.
Some bug fixes for hang up and connection termination.
Some bug fixes for longer phrases.
Some bug fixes in regexp classes.
Some bug fixes in the latest release.
Some bug fixes to membership and failure recovery.
Some bug fixes too.
Some bug fixes, a few new features, nothing really special.
Some bug fixes, including keyboard navigation problems.
Some bug fixes, including one important one correcting cache file output.
Some bug fixes, nothing very exciting.
Some bug fixes.
Some BUGs are big and electronically connected.
Some bugs are both good and bad.
Some bugs are deliberate.
Some bugs are inevitable.
Some bugs are limited to walking.
Some bugs are mere annoyances.
Some bugs are pesky, and some are helpful.
Some bugs are pests such as termites , cockroaches , fleas or clothes moths .
Some bugs are really hard to get rid of.
Some bugs are sometimes too difficult to correct for the maintainer.
Some BUGs are theme related.
Some bugs are tiny and insignificant, such as a unit using the incorrect voice.
Some bugs are trickier than others in the sense that they happen under very specific circumstances.
Some bugs attack adult beetles.
Some bugs avoid light.
Some bugs become adults.
Some bugs belong to families.
Some bugs bite humans.
Some bugs bite.
Some bugs can also give painful bites, and are often found in warm rainforest environments.
Some bugs can be very subtle and hard to detect.
Some bugs can swim.
Some bugs cause breaks.
Some bugs cause diarrhoea.
Some bugs cause diseases.
Some bugs cause serious diseases.
Some bugs cause severe diarrhoea.
Some bugs construct barriers.
Some bugs construct defensive barriers.
Some bugs crawl on boards.
Some bugs crawl on hands.
Some bugs crawl on skin.
Some BUGs create projects and events for the annual Bike To Work Week.
Some bugs destroy milkweeds.
Some bugs drink blood.
Some bugs eat aphids.
Some bugs eat apples.
Some bugs eat caterpillars.
Some bugs eat cereals.
Some bugs eat foliage.
Some bugs eat grass.
Some bugs eat roots.
Some bugs eat skin.
Some bugs exist in PIDF files which cause the converter to fail.
Some bugs fall into water.
Some bugs feed at nights.
Some bugs feed on animals.
Some bugs feed on black walnuts.
Some bugs feed on maples.
Some bugs feed on milkweeds.
Some bugs feed on plant pollen.
Some bugs feed on pollen.
Some bugs feed on seeds.
Some bugs feed on trees.
Some bugs feed on walnuts.
Some bugs fix.
Some BUGs form within residents' associations and among users of certain streets.
Some bugs have aroma.
Some bugs have arrangements.
Some bugs have beaks.
Some bugs have black stripes.
Some bugs have chances.
Some bugs have front wings.
Some bugs have hair The Bee, Fly, and Mosquito have hairless and hairy versions.
Some bugs have incomplete metamorphosis.
Some bugs have legs.
Some bugs have mates.
Some bugs have metamorphosis.
Some bugs have naturalists.
Some bugs have odor.
Some bugs have parallel stripes.
Some bugs have protein anyway.
Some bugs have shells.
Some bugs have similar arrangements.
Some bugs have sorts.
Some bugs have spines.
Some bugs have stingers.
Some bugs have stripes.
Some bugs have strong odor.
Some bugs have toxic saliva.
Some bugs have tracheae.
Some bugs have tubes.
Some bugs have wings.
Some bugs invade fields.
Some bugs invade homes.
Some BUGs keep on ticking, acting, and dialoguing.
Some bugs kill caterpillars.
Some bugs kill plants.
Some bugs live for years.
Some bugs live in a particular climate and in that climate only.
Some bugs live in attics.
Some bugs live in trees.
Some bugs look like leaves.
Some bugs move from plants.
Some bugs prey on insects.
Some bugs prey on larvae.
Some bugs prey on other insects.
Some bugs produce light.
Some bugs remain.
Some bugs remains.
Some bugs shipped in from overseas are intentional ingredients listed right on the label.
Some bugs suck blood.
Some bugs suck human blood.
Some bugs surely remain.
Some bugs survive years.
Some bugs transmit diseases.
Some bugs undergo incomplete metamorphosis.
Some bugs undergo metamorphosis.
Bugaboo helmets are available in red, purple, and black.
Bugarian women are cheerful, communicative, charming and warm-hearted.
Bugfix updates solve problems discovered with the distribution.
Bugged email can also come from trusted people.
A bugger is an offender
Buggers are a race of ant-like aliens that attacked earth many years before.
Buggers is freeware.
Buggy cars run at full speed raising a cloud of dust.
Buggy drivers appear to be the main culprit.
Buggy drivers are generally small females, but there are a few male ones.
Buggy libraries can waste a lot of a programmer's time, as veteran programmers know.
Buggy pilots can use the parking lots and walks but only when visitor actvitiy is low.
Buggy software is everyone's nightmare, whatever the field of endeavor.
Buggy software is really a management issue.
A buggy is carriage
Buggies are available for hire, as are trolleys and top of the range clubs and shoes.
Buggies are carriage.
Buggies are high-tech soapbox racers.
Buggies are lighter and a bit quicker than stadium trucks.
Buggies are pulled by horses.
Buggies come in many styles and colors, reflecting the preferences of the various communities.
Buggies have (part) brakes.
Buggies have (part) sections.
Buggies have (part) wheels.
Buggies range from small, lightweight three wheelers up to more substantial four wheelers.
Buggy also uses one motor.
Buggy is a great way to meet people, make friends and have a lot of fun in general.
Buggy is a very pretty girl who was brought in because a family member had allergies.
Buggy is black with red velvet seat and black patent leather harness.
Buggy is supposed to be fun, so don t put up with discomfort, because it can usually be improved.
Buggy isa container.
Most buggies are pulled by horses.
Buginese fishermen live here in small settlements.
Buglar bars are a series of steel bars set in a window, to deter, of course, burglars.
A bugle call is a signal
Some bugle calls are available at the original length only.
A bugle is brass
Bugles are beads.
Bugles are brass instruments.
Bugles are brass.
Bugles are herbs.
Bugles are located in boxs.
Bugles are located in brass bands.
Bugles are located in military bands.
Bugles are located in music stores.
Bugles are located in troops.
Bugles are musical instruments.
Bugles are OK too, as are triskets and goldfish.
Bugles are used for music.
Bugles call, far off and near.
Bugles have their own strange peculiarities.
Bugles lend a unique quality to bead crochet.
Bugley soil have common to many mica flakes and fragments of schist.
Buglogical nematodes are more tolerant of high tempertures than any other brands.
BUGS chill is dependent on implementation details which are sub- ject to change.
Bugs reports are welcome.
A buhl is embellishment
Buhl continues to support and service most of the overhead projectors sold throughout the world.
Buhl is in Twin Falls County .
Buhlite fixtures offer flexibility and enhance creativity.
Build aircraft using a common house fly as the engine.
Build bodies Give energy Keep bones and teeth strong.
Build brother build .
Build brush piles for wildlife.
Build clean industries have markets.
Build code provides guidelines.
Most build code provides guidelines.
Build construction promotes growth.
Build construction promotes mold growth.
Build craft projects together - Collect trash and build trash crafts.
Build custom objects to create reusable code.
Build effects are the way each 'object' of the slide appears.
Build effects determine how the subheadings appear under the title of each slide.
Build effects occur within a single slide.
Build effects works in a similar fashion.
Build family traditions around it.
Build guitar skills through note reading, chords and playing pop and rock songs.
Build instructions are in the prologues.
Build leadership skills as a floor representative.
Build materials have density.
Most build materials have density.
Build mode uses variables from the environment to build a file on disk.
Build models showing that parallelograms with the same base and height have the same areas.
Build mountain villages a school and let their children at least have a happy childhood.
Build options let system engineers specify exactly the required capability.
Build outs occur when the manufacturer no longer accepts orders for the current model year.
Build outs reduce the width of road which pedestrians have to cross.
Build owners do jobs.
Build owners do odd jobs.
Most build owners do jobs.
Most build owners do odd jobs.
Build prices vary from building to building depending on size and style.
Build process hangs while trying to determine system abilities to trap numerical errors.
Build quality appears exceptional.
Build quality appears to be first rate.
Build quality guarantees smooth operation and reduced maintenance costs.
Build quality is above average, although some variation in panel gaps was noted.
Build quality is also excellent.
Build quality is also reasonable, while the screen and keyboard are above average.
Build quality is also very good.
Build quality is excellent with good quality, gold plated, terminals.
Build quality is excellent with top-notch chrome and smooth, even welds.
Build quality is excellent, though.
Build quality is excellent, with tool-free case access.
Build quality is excellent.
Build quality is exceptional.
Build quality is first rate and there are no mirrors between the CCD and the imaging lens.
Build quality is generall excellent.
Build quality is generally fine, with only a few niggles.
Build quality is good no visible flaws.
Build quality is good, although the paper output tray is rather flimsy.
Build quality is good, but some internal cabling is unsecured.
Build quality is good,looks ok.
Build quality is good.
Build quality is of very high caliber and fit and finish are superb.
Build quality is perhaps one of the phone s greatest assets.
Build quality is really good.
Build quality is reassuringly high.
Build quality is solid and good, with gold-plated connectors and a digital readout to adjust bias.
Build quality is solid, exceptionally so, and the matte charcoal glass bead finish is well applied.
Build quality is so-so.
Build quality is superb.
Build quality is top-notch.
Build quality is unimpressive.
Build quality is very good and manual focus is pretty smooth.
Build quality is very good.
Build quality is very strong.
Build rules specify how to build a target file.
Build sand castles on one of our two beaches.
Build speeds are now twice as fast as the stock game.
Build targets specify how the final binary is to be created.
Build team synergy.
Build techniques adds points as each topic progresses.
Build test strains for detection of gene activation by deletion and translocation.
Build time is approx.
Build times require a number of hours, depending on the size and complexity of the model.
Build times vary depending on size and number required.
Build tools help simplify the process by automating some of the steps.
Build wine cellars, and more.
Build landfills over fault lines.
Build templates using labels, numbers and formulas.
Builds are painfully slow.
Builds barricade tall enough to deflect fragmentation and blast effects.
Builds base defenses and repairs teammates armor.
Builds blueprints through the finished house.
Builds bone and helps prevent osteoporosis, back pain and tooth loss.
Builds bone mass to combat osteoporosis.
Builds dialog to query users for projection parameters.
Builds guitars and has had some jazz records released.
Builds humus, and ink contains beneficial trace elements.
Builds listings by searching several search engines at once and blending the results into one page.
Builds motorcyles for a living and crochets floor rugs.
Builds planisferia from planetary pictures.
Builds problem solving skills.
Builds prototype electronic systems.
Builds range of motion and flexibility as well as strength.
Builds rapport with auction firms.
Builds rapport with children, parents and school officials.
Builds rapport with host doctors and volunteer faculty.
Builds research literary skills.
Builds reserve for bad debt managed by the bank.
Builds skill in mustering a particular mode of reasoning to argue public policy positions.
Builds skill in mustering quantitative reasoning to argue actively public policy positions.
Builds skills in identifying and planning ways to work together more effectively.
Builds skills in identifying community needs and planning comprehensive prevention programs.
Builds software to allow online collaboration.
Builds support for the cause.
Builds support for the particular service response that is ultimately decided on.
Builds suspense, a following and all that jazz.
Builds trust with coworkers across organizational and functional boundaries.
Builds trust with others through own actions and follow through on commitment.
Builds trust, open communication and increases cross-cultural understanding.
Builds user interface design, creates graphics, and animation.
Buildable land is increasingly scarce.
Buildable land is land still available for development.
Buildable width is the width of lot left to be built upon after the side yards are provided.
A builder is a material
Builder corrects minor problems as soon as they are identified.
Builder creates mouseable applications.
Builder fights off three lions single-handedly.
Builder follows through on promises.
Builder has lots available, photographs, contact information and brief description of property.
Builder is a guided form of keyword and is covered there.
Builder is a perfect product.
Builder is innovative quality software.
Builder is responsible for verifying drawings dimensionally, technically, and for code compliance.
Builder is responsive to change requests.
Builder is willing to adjust existing house plans.
Builder isa individual.
Builder isa person.
Builder isa somebody.
Builder isa someone.
Builder keeps appointments.
Builder offers help with some closing costs.
Builder pays all closing costs and downpayment.
Builder provides the training and support to enable community development.
Builder still pose a major problem for the speech or braille user.
Builder wants to expand product line.
Builders acknowledge that they have fewer skilled craftsmen, but say they're compensating.
Builders adopt construction.
Builders advertise here.
Builders almost apologize for their work.
Builders also have the opportunity to request a site visit of their registered home.
Builders also list sound-proofing and insulation factors as added benefits to brick.
Builders also say they are as busy as they've ever been.
Builders also see 'Joiners'.
Builders also turn to their demographics.
Builders also underestimate buyer s interest in specific green products.
Builders alter the carefully thought out design at their peril.
Builders anticipate a normal seasonal improvement in construction activity in the coming months.
Builders anticipate a normal seasonal slowdown in construction activity in the coming months.
Builders anticipate a normal seasonal slowdown in construction activity toward the end of the year.
Builders are always busy, but never busybodies.
Builders are available throughout the Caribbean Basin.
Builders are aware of the fire resistance of masonry construction .
Builders are capable of wall gardens.
Builders are clamoring for lots.
Builders are comfortable working through the channels and planning carefully.
Builders are concerned about diminishing availability of land, causing lot prices to soar.
Builders are concerned, and they do take care.
Builders are contractors.
Builders are creators.
Builders are definitely into accountability.
Builders are fortunate in that the earth and clay needed for the fill are available close by.
Builders are free to create actual places they know and love, or imaginary places from their hearts.
Builders are generally very fussy over who they do business with in an auxiliary sense.
Builders are glad to work with real estate professionals.
Builders are incredibly loyal to the institutions, including the churches, to which they belong.
Builders are ingredients which perform a number of functions in laundry detergents.
Builders are likely to stay with their mission for life no matter what.
Builders are materials.
Builders are more likely to die in accidents.
Builders are now more likely to receive multiple offers on a property.
Builders are often highly disciplined and have their devotions daily.
Builders are often task oriented and want to get the job done.
Builders are really the best people to ask.
Builders are very compassionate people.
Builders are welcome to write to the email address.
Builders are welcome.
Builders are what allow packer to generate the images for a specific platform.
Builders aren t that dumb, however.
Builders balk at growth rules Forget regulations, they say.
Builders become involved in worship by watching.
Builders benefit from one contract and one source for labor and materials.
Builders bring the project in for bid price or eat the overruns.
Builders build homes.
Builders build tennis courts, running tracks or other athletic or recreational facilities.
Builders buy the wood before it has greened out, or completely dried out.
Builders can actually 'build' rather than just fill in room descriptions.
Builders can also maintain stable soil by insulating structures to prevent permafrost thawing.
Builders can also sequence various actions together to form sophisticated behaviors.
Builders can attach steel framing to ground-level structures to expand buildings outward.
Builders can blanket the neighborhood with their business cards.
Builders can branch into customized remodeling projects.
Builders can charge a premium for houses with access to the course.
Builders can even be a good source for finding the right architect or designer.
Builders can fight impact fees by assuring schools are being built when they are needed.
Builders can get product specifications, instructions, and training.
Builders can manage their client s expectations by information and communication.
Builders can now fit any capacity tank they want into any shape.
Builders can offer discounts on closing costs to buyers.
Builders can provide tracts of undisturbed berry bushes and brush for nesting birds.
Builders can quickly see unlimited prodcuts and colors on their homes or rooms.
Builders can request bids and post blueprints.
Builders can use a carpenter's square to find the angle of a roof.
Builders can use as much or as little insulation as the project requires.
Builders can use normal woodworking tools and fasteners with the panels.
Builders choose to move east on the high ground.
Builders cite a number of different reasons for garages growing popularity.
Builders come along, and build a busy road over the hole, called a sinkhole.
Builders come from Florida to Ontario, Canada and Massachusetts to Ohio and many ports in between.
Builders complain that the grades are slipping.
Builders contend they try hard to address most problems.
Builders continue on their own, seeking technical help as needed.
Builders currently have a variety of pre-engineered kits to choose from.
Builders currently have every opportunity to avoid a lawsuit.
Builders demand quality to set themselves apart from their competition.
Builders do a great job of marketing models with decorating details, the finished touch.
Builders enjoy quiet in the service, Boomers tolerate it, and Busters find it absolutely boring.
Builders expect a flattening out of residential building activity over the next three months.
Builders expect a seasonal flattening in construction activity in the coming months.
Builders expect a typical seasonal downturn in activity heading into the winter months.
Builders expect construction activity to hold steady over the next several months.
Builders expect construction activity to improve somewhat in the coming months.
Builders expect construction activity to remain stable over the next several months.
Builders expect little change in construction activity in the first part of the year.
Builders expect lower sales activity to persist for the foreseeable future.
Builders expect only marginal increases in prices over the next three months.
Builders expect strong expansion of construction activity over the next three months.
Builders favor it for cabins.
Builders find it more profitable to build apartment complexes.
Builders first have to make it safe for the public by removing a rotten beam from the ceiling.
Builders focus on meeting the needs of the homebuyer.
Builders follow surfactants in importance.
Builders follow that blueprint to create an actual home.
Builders generally experience more blowouts during the first few jobs.
Builders generally offer a few selections of styles and build many homes at the same time.
Builders get credit for improved duct work in buildings.
Builders get exactly what they want with an unknown cost and an unknown time.
Builders get in a habit of building a certain way.
Builders have (part) arms.
Builders have (part) body substances.
Builders have (part) cell membranes.
Builders have (part) cells.
Builders have (part) corpi.
Builders have (part) cytoplasm.
Builders have (part) heads.
Builders have (part) human bodies.
Builders have (part) legs.
Builders have (part) material bodies.
Builders have (part) necks.
Builders have (part) nuclei.
Builders have (part) personality.
Builders have (part) plasma membranes.
Builders have (part) sections.
Builders have (part) vacuoles.
Builders have a choice of purchasing the kit with either the standard wings, or the glider wings.
Builders have less privilege and power and therefore less responsibility.
Builders have numerous tradespeople and subcontractors working on each home.
Builders have other choices, such as brake controls on both front seats.
Builders have their own policies on how Adjustments are handled.
Builders have their own sets of plans that they have had drawn and many times revised and improved.
Builders have their own standards of quality for everything from lumber to concrete and paint.
Builders have to be flexible and allow the customer to make changes add a window or a closet.
Builders have to be really sharp today.
Builders have to buy the land, the materials and pay the labor.
Builders have to dig down deep into the bedrock in order to firmly secure the structure.
Builders have to fill vacant lots inside the boundaries, before boundaries are pushed outwards.
Builders incorporate it into boundary walls and rough buildings.
Builders insure their project while on site.
Builders is a general contracting firm serving Southern California.
Builders is established.
Builders know that an energy efficient home sells promptly and the resale value is even greater.
Builders know that large windows, volume ceilings and skylights can sell homes.
Builders list, links, bookstore, mail list.
Builders lobby up in arms over alleged cartelisation .
Builders love the automatic wood frame generator and cost analysis modules.
Builders love variations.
Builders make it in two ways.
Builders make the platform and dealers adjust it to the buyer.
Builders mesh for hot house, shade house and trellis.
Builders negotiate with the bank for a better deal for their purchasers.
Builders now have a guide for specifications when using steel.
Builders now use computers for accounting, scheduling, word processing and design.
Builders pay dues which are a function of the number of units built per year.
Builders pay part of their fee by assisting with in-camp tasks and projects.
Builders pay to join the program and then rate their own structures.
Builders plan straw houses that withstand huffing and puffing.
Builders play a big role in our market.
Builders pledge to fight it.
Builders provide information sheets with clearly listed options and amenities.
Builders receive national and regional reports for the product lines they manufacture.
Builders receive volume price discounts.
Builders reduce their disposal costs, and divert material from local landfills.
Builders relitives home.
Builders rely on that commitment for new home construction, remodeling, and service on all makes.
Builders report shortages.
Builders require plans and so do local authorities.
Builders risk reporting forms can be used to provide insurance on builders risk exposures.
Builders roundly criticize impact fees.
Builders run and hide from the sight of it, shielding their faces in shame.
Builders say framers and other skilled tradesmen are hard to find.
Builders say it's already affecting the way they do business.
Builders say they lose new-home appliances and building supplies by the truckload.
Builders say they're meeting the challenges.
Builders see a vision but love the process as well as the product.
Builders see high ratings as a way to differentiate themselves from their competitors.
Builders see inflow from southern cos.
Builders speak their own language.
Builders spend lots of money to stage their new homes to appeal to a buyer's emotions.
Builders strongly disagree.
Builders structure their pricing to include a sales fee.
Builders tend to be independent and self-sufficient, saying they can make it on their own.
Builders tend to deny that they are in conflict or approach the conflict indirectly.
Builders tend to fall into two groups.
Builders think immediately of images like a rope.
Builders to take advantage.
Builders too can showcase their work on our website.
Builders try to eliminate seams and create realistic paint jobs, along with adding extra details.
Builders turn errors into excellence.
Builders typically have very tight project schedules.
Builders typically install the roof shingles first to make the house water tight.
Builders unknowingly build homes right on top of existing termite colonies.
Builders use a carpenter's square to find the angle of a roof.
Builders use decorative moldings to give the ceilings a more elegant look.
Builders use equipment.
Builders use iron nails.
Builders use nails.
Builders use the checklist prior to construction to determine which features to include in the home.
Builders use the designs to create buildings.
Builders use topographic maps to figure out where to put buildings and roads.
Builders use tules they makes strong houses.
Builders using fuel cells and photovoltaic panels are eligible for additional credits.
Builders vary by software package.
Builders will have different requirements.
Builders will have requirements.
Builders work from a plan.
Builders work furiously to construct new offices for business newcomers.
Builders work on the west exterior wall, at the second floor level.
Builders always offer home warranties with new homes.
Builders often make changes year by year.
Builders often offer home warranties as an incentive.
Builders often offer mirrored walls as options for dining room and formal areas.
Builders often omit fireplaces from their plans, especially in less expensive homes.
Builders often omit the wood blocking between the studs and above the grille.
Builders often splice roof rafters.
Builders often tend to concentrate on a specific size price range.
Builders often use federal tax credits to help finance affordable housing.
Builders often work with the customer hanging over their shoulders.
Builders often wrap the entire house before installing windows or doors.
Builders sometimes give away 'extras' or upgrades to make a sale.
Builders sometimes skimp on drawers to save money.
Builders sometimes stockpile soil on tree roots when digging a foundation.
Builders sometimes work with only a single wire at a time, using schematics glued to the boards.
All builders floor plans start to look alike.
Any builder can build one good home, but the best builders consistently build quality homes.
Any builder has a contractual obligation to deliver the home free of serious defects.
Any builder knows the cornerstone is the most important piece laid in any structure.
Every builder needs a strategy for attracting active adult buyers.
Every builder strives for perfection, delivering homes that are unblemished in any way.
Every builder uses brick, wood, siding, and plaster.
Many builders already use radon resistant building features.
Many builders are familiar with steel drywall studs.
Many builders are, in fact, offering structured cabling as a standard component in their homes.
Many builders argue for the systematic separation of subcontract work.
Many builders back their own warranties on workmanship and materials, typically for one year.
Many builders boast about the number of molds required to build their product.
Many builders can provide a detailed enough drawing.
Many builders choose to keep the project simple by sticking to the sun-tempered level.
Many builders claim quality as a selling point.
Many builders claim that their sub contractors carry their own.
Many builders claim to be premier design-build developers.
Many builders fail to place house wrap beneath corner details.
Many builders focus only on TV and telephone outlets and their placement.
Many builders have land sites that they are trying to develop.
Many builders have trouble visualizing the best way to vent the top of a rainscreen on a gable wall.
Many builders have yet to tailor their product lines to the demands of a Western market.
Many builders install tanks so that a saw is needed for inspection or replacement.
Many builders like to paint the wood with gel coat so that it looks like protected.
Many builders offer a ten year structural warranty underwritten by an insurance company.
Many builders offer certain items that are considered their signature items.
Many builders offer engine upgrades.
Many builders offer some form of written warranty that lasts for one year.
Many builders offer standard and tall rigs.
Many builders participate so that they can differentiate themselves from their competitors.
Many builders prefer to leave the price constant and sweeten the deal with other things.
Many builders recommend the removable kind with screw-type anchors in the walls.
Many builders say Hispanic employees work hard and learn fast.
Many builders specialize in wine cellars.
Many builders use an exterior grade drywall or fiber-based sheathing products for cost efficiency.
Many builders use one in each wing.
More builders build there.
Most builders acquire most capabilities while building.
Most builders adopt construction.
Most builders also expect activity to remain stable over the next few months.
Most builders are committed to complete their customers' homes.
Most builders are responsible and want to make their customers happy.
Most Builders are responsive to defects that are located during an inspection.
Most builders build homes.
Most builders build in many different areas and have different products in some communities.
Most builders can use hydrated lime soaked in water to make a plastic, workable mix.
Most builders choose fully merchandised models.
Most builders comply with state, county and federal regulations.
Most builders do try to think of everything when designing a home.
Most builders expect residential construction activity to edge up further in coming months.
Most builders expect steady residential construction activity for the rest of the year.
Most builders favour a bit of rocker.
Most builders have some standard building products and methods they insist on.
Most builders have their own Contract and they are notoriously one-sided.
Most builders offer great financing plans and other incentives like landscape pkgs.
Most builders offer some form of written warranty.
Most builders put straps around the aircraft, curse a few times and hope for the best.
Most builders report shortages.
Most builders report strong support.
Most builders require three to four draws which are defined in the construction contract.
Most builders say high-end spec housing in the county is sold before the finish work is completed.
Most builders sell homes with fairly short express warranties, often no more than a year.
Most builders spray paint a house.
Most builders still make every effort to produce a quality home.
Most builders then uncrate the plane and begin their initial inventory and assessment.
Most builders use cost-based pricing.
Most builders use equipment.
Most builders use iron nails.
Most builders use nails.
Most builders use wood carvings or metal shaped into intricate patterns.
Most builders willingly make repairs to defects that are brought to their attention early on.
Most builders willingly return to a property to solve early problems.
Some builders also apply an exterior sealant to maintain longevity.
Some builders are so wary of the product that they refuse to work with it.
Some builders build stairs.
Some builders build walls.
Some builders choose to glass the entire bottom, some the entire boat.
Some builders create bridges.
Some builders crush to death.
Some builders die in crashes.
Some builders drill through the kayak to attach the footbraces .
Some builders encourage buyers to visit during construction.
Some builders favor the proposal.
Some builders grip the spokes with smooth-jawed pliers.
Some builders have a single legal entity that both builds the home and sells it to the consumer.
Some builders have ability.
Some builders have more experience than others, but they are constantly learning.
Some builders have tools and some materials at hand, while others are starting from scratch.
Some builders make boats which are fine art, as perfect as can be.
Some builders make it straight.
Some builders make two service calls to the home after completion for non-emergency services.
Some builders offer a ten-year warranty against construction defects and repairs.
Some builders offer warranties of up to ten years.
Some builders prefer to split the radius lengthwise in the midships area of the hull.
Some builders provide information.
Some builders say yes, while others adamantly refuse.
Some builders show trailers.
Some builders spread a little topsoil on the ground first.
Some builders take the concept a step further by installing a fully ducted system.
Some builders use a carpenter s pencil to space deck boards.
Some builders use anabolic steroids.
Some builders use glass.
Some builders use steroids.
Some builders use stop tabs which flip up and down in place of drawknobs.
Some builders use stop tabs which flip up and down.
Most builders associations can provide a list of their builder members.
A building block is a physical entity
Building block See stumbling block .
Building blocks are building materials.
Building Blocks are five essential techniques useful in performing many magic tricks.
Building blocks are located in toy stores.
Building blocks are one of the most versatile tools in early childhood development.
Building blocks are subdivisions of complex systems and are defined by the core team.
Building blocks are virtual structures which contain tools, data, applications and assessments.
Building Blocks Note that many dryer model numbers are updated annually.
Building blocks provide application functionality.
Building blocks Think about the construction trades.
Many building blocks are already in place.
Building boom can mean litigation boom.
Building capacity goes beyond the acquisition of hardware and software.
Building capacity means working with students and parents and community members as well.
Building capacity takes time.
Building centres run sales on loss leaders every week.
Building character is a lifelong personal and community effort.
Building character is really the best way of stopping school crime.
Building character starts at kitchen tables and in front yards of neighbors.
Building characters is simple.
Building code approaches.
Building code is code
Building code is code.
Building code is mandates.
Building codes allow trailers and mobile homes to be used.
Building codes appear to be adequate and do work.
Building codes are a fact of life.
Building codes are a minimum standard.
Building codes are a states' rights issue.
Building codes are common in industrialized nations, but rare in developing countries.
Building codes are complex and detailed requirements which govern home construction.
Building codes are legal documents designed by a board of building professionals.
Building codes are more easily satisfied through the use of vehicular turf as well.
Building codes are the public's first line of defense against earthquakes.
Building codes call for periodic maintenance and hydrostatic testing of certain fire extinguishers.
Building codes can be unrealistic for rehabilitation projects.
Building codes can encourage redevelopment or hamstring it.
Building codes demand a certain amount of light.
Building codes determine the exact size and spacing.
Building codes established in South Florida after Hurricane Andrew are the toughest in the nation.
Building codes govern the performance of building materials in a fire.
Building codes grow from catastrophe.
Building codes have a similar effect.
Building codes have improved over the years, thus there are fewer fires.
Building codes have very little to do with firefighting operating safety.
Building Codes Learn how building code changes affect the construction process.
Building codes prohibit cooking in the West Wing rooms.
Building codes provide a good benchmark.
Building codes provide fundamental safeguards for county residents at work and at home.
Building codes provide public safeguards.
Building codes provide safeguards.
Building codes require a two-hour fire rated wall for the shared wall.
Building codes require contractors to use brick manufactured to withstand severe weather.
Building codes require either tempered or laminated glass.
Building codes require energy savings, which dictates a fair amount of fluorescent.
Building codes require exit stairwells to provide a good measure of protection in case of fire.
Building codes require structures to be built to minimum standards.
Building codes require structures to be constructed to minimum standards.
Building codes require that every new building be faced with Jerusalem limestone.
Building codes require that structures be built in certain ways.
Building codes require that the ground be sprayed for termites prior to pouring the concrete.
Building codes vary in different towns, cities and states.
All building codes require access to the pump for an electrical hook-up.
All building codes require ventilation of attic spaces.
More building codes cover the kitchen than any other room in the house.
Most building codes limit their regulation to the sidewalks that border the street.
Most building codes require draining basement water control systems to a sump pump.
Most building codes require that bedroom windows meet a certain size for egress.
Most building codes require that voice alarm systems be installed within airport terminal buildings.
Most building codes specify the minimal amount of insulation and installation guidelines.
Some building codes require a separate circuit breaker for a vacuum system.
Some building codes require double wall separation if the solar heated fluid is non-potable.
Some building codes require that at least one entry have a thumb-turn latch on the inside.
Some building codes require that ground wires be connected with barrel crimps.
Building collapse is likely, crushing and engulfing the victim.
Building collapses are common in China, where a rush to develop has led to builders cutting corners.
Building commissioning protects owners in more than one way.
Building control concerns property developments and alterations.
Building control is a well-established industry with many vendors offering competing subsystems.
Building control is the least expensive method to install, with the least degree of comfort control.
Building controls are necessary to ensure construction and safety standards are achieved.
A building department is a department
Building department has user-friendly attitude toward accessibility for private and public sector.
Building departments are different with different policies.
Most building departments possess little expertise related to roof systems.
Building design allows better surveillance from control rooms.
Building design is a matter of life and death.
Building design plays a key role in sustainability.
Building designs are subject to the approval of the developer.
Building designs can also serve as trademarks or service marks.
Building foundations requires hard work and forward-looking faith.
Building foundations takes time and requires the active co-operation of the participants.
Building inspection is vital to the safety, health, and overall well being of our community.
Building inspections put pressure on landlords harboring illegal activity.
Building inspector uses considerable judgment in determination and enforcement of appropriate code.
Building inspectors are a limited resource in a busy city.
Building inspectors check the structural quality and general safety of buildings.
Building inspectors cover an incredibly wide range.
Building inspectors inspect the structural quality and general safety of buildings.
Building inspectors inspect the structural quality of buildings.
Building inspectors monitor every construction project to ensure that the construction is to code .
Building inspectors work in teams to maintain full coverage of the City of Greensboro.
All building inspectors have direct dial lines with voice mail.
Some building inspectors are concerned with fire prevention safety.
Building insulation includes fiberglass batts at the metal stud framed exterior walls and soffits.
Building insulation is a cellulose material made of ground computer paper and cardboard boxes.
Building maintenance includes janitorial services, engineering services, painting, and carpentry.
Building maintenance includes repair and other projects.
Building maintenance is also a problem.
Building maintenance is an essential service in the facilities managed by the institution.
Building maintenance is carried out regularly.
Building maintenance is maintenance.
Building maintenance is the responsibility of each owner.
Building maintenance remains an ongoing priority.
Building management require one time administrative fee at start.
Some building management is required.
Building managers make that magic happen.
A building material is an artifact
Building material is any material which is used for construction purposes.
Building materials absorb and weaken the signals.
Building materials are a good example.
Building materials are a major consideration.
Building materials are a perfect application for recycled refuse.
Building materials are also at issue.
Building materials are also important in considering aesthetics, thermal properties, and economics.
Building materials are artifacts.
Building materials are exempt from sales taxes.
Building materials are hard to come by.
Building materials are in short supply and the rainy season is setting in.
Building materials are in short supply as the treacherous rainy season begins.
Building materials are predominately wood, brick, and tile.
Building materials are the other main import.
Building materials are usually common woods, cotton or nylon rigging, and acid free paper.
Building materials are usually weak and construction techniques poor.
Building materials are wrong, deadlines are missed and people are misinformed.
Building materials can also release toxic chemicals to the indoor environment.
Building materials range from concrete block to brick and timber to corrugated metal siding.
All building materials are imported duty free.
All building materials are mixtures of a number of chemical compounds identified as molecules.
All building materials expand and contract.
All building materials have some insulation value.
All building materials required by the program are normally available in Mexico.
Every building material is unique and often many factors dictate which material is installed first.
Many building materials are soil based.
Many building materials are suitable nutrient sources for fungal growth.
Many building materials provide suitable nutrients that encourage mold to grow.
More building material is added to the nest each year it is in use.
Most building materials are dimensionally unstable.
Most building materials are tolerant of a certain amount of moisture.
Most building materials shield electric fields to some extent.
Some building materials die ugly deaths.
Some building materials have a high fire resistance rating and can slow down the flames.
Some building materials release toxic chemicals into the air.
Building models derived from historical data has advantages and disadvantages.
Building models elicits questions to be posed to domain experts.
Building models is a complex activity.
Building models requires practise and the use of previous modeling activities as cases.
Building numbers are on the buildings and on a sign at the corner.
Building numbers can be cross-referenced on the building legend .
Building officials are now willing to acknowledge that sunrooms aren t just room additions.
Building officials have a new responsibility for enforcing energy-conservation standards.
A building permit is a permit
Building permit is in place.
Building permit is issued based on location and all footing, foundation, etc.
Building permit is issued based on location only.
Building permit is issued based on location.
Building permits are a good indicator of the growth of new residences and businesses.
Building permits are dependent on the value of construction.
Building permits are essentially unchanged.
Building permits are in place.
Building permits are license.
Building permits are limited.
Building Permits are necessary for all outside structure changes.
Building permits are nontransferable.
Building permits are permission.
Building Permits are ready to be issued.
Building permits are to be found at the city building inspector's office.
Building permits are to be posted on the construction site prior to commencement of work.
Building permits are valid for six months from the date of issuance.
Building permits do.
Building permits expire one year from the date of the permit.
Building permits expire one year from the date on the permit.
Building permits issued by local municipalities try to monitor code compliance.
Building permits vary depending on what is being applied for.
All building permits are cumulative.
All building permits expire two years from the date of issuance of the permit.
Building products are building products.
Building products are now available in component parts, so they're easy to transport.
Building products is a team effort.
Building products meeting the new standards are now available to the builders.
Many building products are available that are manufactured from recycled materials.
Building projects abound.
Building projects are expensive.
Building projects are scarce, and it takes a very long time to train a master builder.
Building projects arise in many and varied forms.
Building projects continue apace throughout the District.
Building projects involves a lot of money.
Building projects stall as the committee tries to work through a mass of detailed proposals.
Most building projects require a permit.
Building regulations are minimal.
Building regulations differ significantly between the European countries.
Building renovations are an everyday sight.
Building setbacks are minimal in keeping with the surrounding neighborhood pattern.
Building setbacks vary with the type of environment as defined by the shoreline management act.
A building site is a lot
Building sites are an obvious source of work for men.
Building sites are available both on and off the golf course.
Building sites are available for sale.
Building sites are available in a number of areas of the city.
Building sites are available with or without access to municipal utilities.
Building sites are harder to find.
Building sites are sites.
Building sites are under consideration.
Building sites are very expensive, somewhat hindering the growth of the church.
Building sites can be very dangerous places.
Building sites range in size from one quarter acre up to three acres.
Every building site has incredible views.
Every building site is located on either a golf course fairway or on a lake .
A building society is a thrift institution
Building societies are much loved institutions.
Building societies are often open longer than banks.
Building societies are societies.
Building societies can fill many gaps arising from the disillusionment of households.
Building societies offer a wide range of financial services.
Building society windfalls The latest news on building society conversions.
Many building societies offer mortgage protection plans in the event of redundancy.
Some building societies offer full banking services.
Building standards are different than quality assurance and quality control.
Building structures are in varying degrees of disrepair.
Building supplies are cheap.
Building supplies lumber, paint, electrical supplies, etc.
Building technologies change.
Building technology covers the study of advanced building systems and contract documentation.
Building technology is the best way to reduce the destruction caused by earthquakes.
Building theory addresses that shortage.
Building types vary and include churches, synagogues, schools and museums.
Building wings flank a central, open courtyard in the new design.
A building is a structure
Building aims solely at utility in a narrow practical sense.
Building also continues apace on new stores and restaurants in the Valley.
Building also has many historical photographs lining the hallsways.
Building also has permits allowing drainage into bay.
Building also houses a cafe, two stores, and offices on the second floor.
Building also offers many learning opportunities for children.
Building also tend to top the charts.
Building angles into yard, has kitchen facilities as well.
Building appears to have been recently renovated with tubular steel bracing.
Building are examples of incidents which have produced PRSs due to radioactive contamination.
Building are in like new condition.
Building are worlds best websites.
Building based directors tend to have more regular working patterns and conditions.
Building begins after a village construction advisor is called.
Building begins at an amazing rate.
Building begins when a daughter is young and continues into adolescence.
Building blocks A tiny droplet of water is soft and relatively harmless.
Building blocks The developer owns some of the most common facades in the city.
Building can be any structure composed of up to three compartments.
Building can be just as fun as the rest of the game.
Building can be very satisfying.
Building can begin as soon as the school board gives approval.
Building can begin when plans are approved and supplies are gathered.
Building can house more that one tenant.
Building causes growth, but upkeep can be hard.
Building centrally controlled Internet portals on a global scale is a lost cause.
Building closes two hours after last entry time.
Building closes, last tenants relocated.
Building collect Memory without many heat despite a cloud.
Building comprises clearspan warehouse and includes air conditioned, carpeted mezzanine offices.
Building consists of four renovated floor through one-bedroom apartments.
Building consists of laboratory, equipment, and storage space.
Building consists of three large sections and an office.
Building consists of two apartments.
Building contains kitchen and preparation rooms, post office, and large dining room.
Building contains no heaters or evaporative coolers.
Building contains office space, retail show room and shop area.
Building contains office, storage, and Laundry Area.
Building contains old jail cells and period rooms.
Building continues and the entire area is clean, bright and well-maintained.
Building continues even though there are problems with schools.
Building costs resources.
Building covers six acres on main level with approx.
Building displays fine decorative brickwork.
Building distributed systems is a complex task.
Building doubles to one side.
Building employs security guards.
Building features an antique balcony and stairways from the opera house.
Building features full service, garden and extra storage.
Building features new vinyl siding over former cinder block exterior, shutters, and bay windows.
Building features newer roof, garage, office, waiting room and updated bathroom.
Building Follow the instructions that come with the package.
Building friendships is at the heart of each day.
Building friendships takes time and effort.
Building friendships with others from around the world.
Building goes on everywhere.
Building has a laundry room with large capacity washers and dryers.
Building has a new roof and siding.
Building has a ramp.
Building has a saltwater pool, half tennis court, sauna, undercover bar b cue area.
Building has an elevator.
Building has an industrial feel.
Building has beautiful pool, hot tub, spa, elevator and security access.
Building has beautiful pool, hot tub, spa, elevator, and security access.
Building has beautiful pool, hot tub, spa, elevator, security access, and garage.
Building has both white lights and dimmer controlled red observing lights.
Building has ceiling air-filtration system to remove smoke from smoking.
Building has concrete tiltwall construction.
Building has dock height, rail access, and plenty of parking for additional trucks and employees.
Building has earthquake insurance, pool, sauna, gym, rec room and sun deck.
Building has electric, water and sewer hookups.
Building has elevator and a wheelchair lift.
Building has elevator and carport parking.
Building has excellent amenities.
Building has excellent highway frontage and plenty of parking.
Building has excellent location and access to attract the highest quality tenants.
Building has excellent revenue and income history, tenant history and is low maintenance.
Building has exercise room, tennis courts, and ocean side pool.
Building has full sprinkler system and humidity and temperture control throughout.
Building has huge common roof deck.
Building has in-house cafeteria.
Building has it's own well and septic system.
Building has large rear yard approx.
Building has multi-purposes.
Building has one bedroom apartment in front area.
Building has ramps and elevators to meet the needs of physically challenged individuals.
Building has recent redone asphalt parking lot.
Building has several elevators.
Building has solid brick exterior.
Building has solid concrete floors and walls.
Building has swimming pool, elevator and owner storage room.
Building has ten floors plus basement.
Building has the following the organization structure.
Building has three-phase electric, and natural gas is soon to be available.
Building has to stop in all the settlements.
Building has utilities available.
Building has wonderful common roof deck.
Building have firewalls made of brick walls completely dividing sections of the building.
Building Here follows a brief description of each window.
Building ideally optimized web page is both an art and a science.
Building includes activities to attract, recruit, and hire employees.
Building includes an attached garage with two grade level doors.
Building includes any institutional, commercial, public, industrial, residential or farm structure.
Building includes cooler as well as temperature-controlled warehouse.
Building includes historical marker.
Building includes laundry facilities.
Building includes most current fire and life safety systems.
Building involves the greatest set of compromises with which man is regularly faced.
Building is a BIG job.
Building is a complicated task.
Building is a former school.
Building is a large home with spacious rooms and hardwood floors.
Building is a learning process.
Building is a one-story brick structure.
Building is a part of the life of the community.
Building is a private residence.
Building is a process.
Building is a serious business.
Building is a smake-free envirnment.
Building is a snap, as the interface allows for multiple unit building with little difficulty.
Building is a social act.
Building is a sweet impoverishing.
Building is a team effort in which many elements have to be combined into a unified structure.
Building is a white stucco on the right.
Building is accessible three hours prior to the time of function.
Building is accessible to disabled persons.
Building is accessible to people with disabilities.
Building is accessible to the disabled, on the bus line and close to the metro.
Building is accessible to the disabled.
Building is across the street.
Building is adapted for use by the physically handicapped.
Building is air-conditioned.
Building is also a craft.
Building is also fairly easy.
Building is always more exciting than operating.
Building is an act of concsious desisions which affect everyone.
Building is an American flag.
Building is an easier way to acquire a house.
Building is approx.
Building is approximately mile on right-hand side.
Building is approximately one half mile North on right side.
Building is approximately one mile on right-hand side.
Building is at end of first block on left.
Building is at end of street.
Building is at end.
Building is at ground level and accessible via paved walkways.
Building is at the end of the street.
Building is attached to insulated block wall for greenhouse.
Building is available for sale separately.
Building is behind circle with flag pole.
Building is beige.
Building is brick red.
Building is commercial, revenue generating with rent covering almost a complete mortgage.
Building is competent stuff.
Building is complete and ready for occupancy.
Building is completed.
Building is condo'ed - an older elevator building well maintained.
Building is conducted one player at a time, going clockwise.
Building is currently under restoration.
Building is designed to provide entrance from the back with an area for parking.
Building is destroyed, but chest holding chart is visible.
Building is difficult.
Building is directly across intersection.
Building is directly on the right hand side.
Building is disability accessible through the north entrance.
Building is dry and stays at a moderate annual temperature.
Building is enclosed and interior masonry is in progress.
Building is energy efficient for low heating and cooling costs.
Building is equipped with an elevator and accessible restrooms.
Building is expandable.
Building is first on the right.
Building is first school on right.
Building is for everyone.
Building is for sale with or without acreage.
Building is for sale.
Building is fun.
Building is handicap accessible.
Building is handicap-accessible.
Building is hard work.
Building is hardwired for computer, telephone, security and fire alarm systems.
Building is heated and has sprinkler system.
Building is heated, insulated, air conditioned in work areas and office, and off street parking.
Building is hidden behind a large parking garage, reducing the visibility of the branch.
Building is immediately on the right.
Building is immediately on the Right.
Building is in excellent condition .
Building is in excellent condition with good tenants and very little maintenance.
Building is in excellent condition with outside storage available.
Building is in good condition and is currently used as a private residence.
Building is in good condition.
Building is in good repair and interior has been recently remolded with quality finishes.
Building is in middle of block.
Building is in the middle, issuing building permits and inspecting sites.
Building is in the planning stage.
Building is included in sale and has recently had a new roof.
Building is inhabitable only after consulting the structural engineer.
Building is insecure and issituated on a non-conforming site.
Building is isolated and well insulated.
Building is just after traffic light.
Building is just before bridge on left.
Building is key.
Building is light tan.
Building is located at the corner of Front and Pine Streets.
Building is located at the Southeast Texas Regional Airport.
Building is located in base area with area guard.
Building is located in shopping center.
Building is located in the next block on the left side of the street.
Building is located on left.
Building is located on right.
Building is located on the left hand side.
Building is located on the right hand side.
Building is located on the right.
Building is located on the university campus in Strasbourg.
Building is located right on sea-shore.
Building is located two blocks down on left.
Building is locked overnight.
Building is made of stone.
Building is nearly new.
Building is next to railroad tracks with access to a spur.
Building is non-conforming with a foundation made of railroad ties.
Building is now up and covered in plastic.
Building is occupied.
Building is oceanfront.
Building is of masonry construction with a metal roof and superstructure.
Building is on left at corner.
Building is on left hand side.
Building is on left side of street.
Building is on left.
Building is on left-hand side.
Building is on railroad lease property.
Building is on right hand side.
Building is on right side of street, with sign in front.
Building is on right side of street.
Building is on right.
Building is on ski run and has indoor pool, hot tub, sauna, restaurant, parking.
Building is on skids.
Building is on south side of road.
Building is on south side of street.
Building is on the corner.
Building is on the east side of the street.
Building is on the left before the bridge.
Building is on the left hand side.
Building is on the left side of street.
Building is on the left.
Building is on the right about three-quarters of a mile.
Building is on the right and can be located by a billboard on the corner of the driveway.
Building is on the right.
Building is on the South side of the street.
Building is one mile from airport.
Building is one of the most ancient human skills.
Building is one of the most environmentally unfriendly human activities.
Building is one of the most macho trades known to man.
Building is open and bright with large paladium window on all sides.
Building is owned by seller and available.
Building is paid for.
Building is part of a biological and ecological research facility.
Building is perched on a bluff for panoramic views of pools, gardens and ocean.
Building is pictured above.
Building is really dwelling.
Building is red brick.
Building is renovated for fabrications, welding, service and sales.
Building is renovated.
Building is restricted to authorized builders.
Building is roughly one-half mile on the right.
Building is safe for occupancy.
Building is sec urity controlled.
Building is second major new skyscraper in downtown Houston in a year.
Building is second on the right.
Building is secure.
Building is secured with biometric technology.
Building is security controlled.
Building is security fenced in and is adjacent to an active rail ine.
Building is set back on the right and can be located by a billboard at the corner of the driveway.
Building is set back on the right and can be located by our billboard at the corner of the driveway.
Building is shared with a plumbing supply store.
Building is shortly up hill on right hand side.
Building is signposted.
Building is single story U shape with private entry courtyard.
Building is something every single human being is engaged with.
Building is steel clad.
Building is steel lined aprox.
Building is straight ahead.
Building is structurally sound with a new roof recently added.
Building is suited for one, or multiple users.
Building is the coal shed left of the house.
Building is the construction industry's oldest and best read magazine.
Building is the first phase in creating a powerful and ongoing Internet presence.
Building is the one on the left, door is on the side between the two buildings.
Building is to help train men in the local church.
Building is too short for a repeater.
Building is two blocks down, on right.
Building is two years old.
Building is under surveillance of security personnel during non-working hours.
Building is used five nights a week and service organization uses building one night per weekend.
Building is vacant.
Building is varmint and bee proof.
Building is very easy.
Building is very much a process.
Building is very well constructed and maintained.
Building is well insulated.
Building is well maintained and looks great inside and out.
Building is well suited to multiple small light manufacturing or commercial businesses.
Building is well-maintained.
Building is wheelchair accessible.
Building is wired for electricity, powered by electric generator.
Building isa structure.
Building just communities that extend love, mercy, and forgiveness is a daunting endeavor.
Building lives is even more important.
Building lives, building houses, building communities by building on faith.
Building logs lagging the photos.
Building looks good, like a low rise resort in a tropical jungle.
Building looks grey and white but clean-looking.
Building makes a region habitable.
Building Meaning Lives comprehensive campaign.
Building means any structure built for support, shelter or enclosure for any occupancy or storage.
Building means any structure used or intended for supporting or sheltering any use or occupancy.
Building means creating, growing, expanding our horizons, both as organizations and as individuals.
Building means more than bricks and mortar.
Building meets the needs of physically challenged individuals.
Building needs cometic loving.
Building needs to be above average.
Building needs to be hardwired, preferably in conduits or cable trays.
Building needs today are future-oriented.
Building now has first-floor offices and apartments above.
Building now houses county offices.
Building occupies a city block.
Building offers large, luxury apartments with separate utilities and separate entrances.
Building offers separate bathrooms and ample parking for customers.
Building Permits After use.
Building permits available at front counter.
Building permits available immediately.
Building permits Building permits The Swedish terms are given in brackets.
Building permits for duplexes.
Building permits for housing reflect whether people are confident enough or willing to buy homes.
Building permits for the City of Middleton also indicate a growing community.
Building permits for the in-ground structure and for the superstructure have been obtained.
Building Permits Forms and building information are available for citizens and building contractors.
Building permits is a more forward-looking statistic.
Building permits lead residential construction activity.
Building Permits that have been signed off.
Building permits The city has adopted the State Building Code.
Building progresses well due to excellent weather conditions.
Building provides free shuttle to subway.
Building relationships Officials at the museums say they, too, have benefited.
Building repertoires that support co-education for children with autism.
Building settle Tea down soil by either ceiling fan light covers yet please before an concern.
Building settle Tea down soil by either door stops yet please before an concern.
Building sits above a ground-level parking lot, elevator service to first and second floors.
Building sits up a base of marble steps.
Building slows escape of chlorine gas.
Building still looks the same today.
Building still serves as the government seat.
Building still stands near Nashville.
Building synthesizes the work of engineering and uses it to create the final, tangible product.
Building Take the first road to the left past the light.
Building takes competence, including financial competence.
Building takes many years.
Building trusting, productive, mutually beneficial relationships is no easy task.
Building underground can be very confusing and aggravating.
Building uses traditional Palauan bai shape and Palauan storyboard art.
Building well is a matter of foundation.
Buildings absorb solar radiation and shelter sites from wind.
Buildings abutting the historic district have to match in scale, texture, style and color.
Buildings account for a large amount of land.
Buildings account for about one-third of the energy consumed in the United States.
Buildings account for one third of all the United States' carbon emissions.
Buildings acquire new floors without adequate parking space below.
Buildings add instant environment.
Buildings also can sink into the ice.
Buildings also demolish impressively too, either toppling over or collapsing onto themselves.
Buildings also fall down because the materials of the building themselves deteriorate.
Buildings also have a large environmental footprint.
Buildings also have guard zones, which trigger the deployment of local militia.
Buildings also impact the site upon which they stand, a local effect on the natural environment.
Buildings also offer protection from wind in many places.
Buildings also use an enormous amount of water, trees, and other natural resources.
Buildings alter wind patterns, in some cases creating wind tunnels.
Buildings announce apartments to rent, sometimes in several floors.
Buildings appear well kept and children career down a street on sleds.
Buildings are a blend of historic and modern.
Buildings are a huge economic asset.
Buildings are a lasting contribution.
Buildings are a lot like cars, they get out of tune after a while.
Buildings are a major problem.
Buildings are a necessary part of todays lifestyles.
Buildings are a part of the city or the landscape.
Buildings are a part of the equation.
Buildings are a special matter for design activities.
Buildings are a very important piece in our history.
Buildings are about people.
Buildings are air cooled.
Buildings are also available for commercial development, either retail business or office space.
Buildings are architecture.
Buildings are available for community functions.
Buildings are available through an independent dealer network.
Buildings are available which can be used for classrooms in the event of inclement weather.
Buildings are big energy users, so are industrial electric motors.
Buildings are black, ponds are grey, parking lots are red.
Buildings are bomb damaged.
Buildings are brick red , parking lots are blue , and grass is green .
Buildings are capable of cast shadows.
Buildings are capable of targets.
Buildings are clean, well-lighted, ventilated and modern in construction and equipment.
Buildings are climate controlled.
Buildings are comparably large and poor in detail.
Buildings are complex and they last a long time.
Buildings are complex systems with many nodes of interaction.
Buildings are complicated systems.
Buildings are condominiums.
Buildings are containers.
Buildings are copyrightable.
Buildings are created by architects.
Buildings are created by builders.
Buildings are created by tradesmans.
Buildings are creations.
Buildings are decrepit.
Buildings are definitely getting smarter - there is no doubt about that.
Buildings are destroyed and people are made homeless.
Buildings are falling apart, furnishings are dilapidated, playgrounds are in disrepair.
Buildings are fish.
Buildings are five - seven years old, rentals and cash flow are average.
Buildings are for industry and plants for agriculture.
Buildings are fully wet sprinklered with fire hydrants located in the parking lot.
Buildings are funny.
Buildings are gathering.
Buildings are good cover for many animals, including gray squirrels, pigeons, mice, and raccoons.
Buildings are good, and it is quite an expensive nuisance to buy or build another one.
Buildings are graceful, built with an eye to comfort, and beautifully decorated.
Buildings are handicap accessible.
Buildings are heavy.
Buildings are helpful.
Buildings are historic structures constructed of wood, concrete, steel and masonry.
Buildings are important.
Buildings are in bad condition.
Buildings are in disrepair.
Buildings are in excellent condition, some office equipment is included.
Buildings are in fair quality and fair condition.
Buildings are in mint condition with structural integrity throughout.
Buildings are in particularly bad shape.
Buildings are in some respects like people.
Buildings are in substandard condition and no longer cope with demand.
Buildings are inaccessible.
Buildings are just another product of our time.
Buildings are just brick walls.
Buildings are large entities and, as such, they impact upon the environment in various ways.
Buildings are like huge sculptures with interesting shapes.
Buildings are like people in other ways as well.
Buildings are limited to the height of the existing trees.
Buildings are located in cities.
Buildings are located in large cities.
Buildings are located in offices.
Buildings are located in rooms.
Buildings are located in towns.
Buildings are located in universities.
Buildings are located in urban areas.
Buildings are long lasting and community development patterns have even longer lives.
Buildings are low budget because of the weather threat.
Buildings are low-slung, modern, and constructed of stone, brick, masonry, and natural wood.
Buildings are lucrative only if the immediate surrounding area is preserved.
Buildings are modern and well maintained.
Buildings are monolith like rectangles that stick up out of the ground.
Buildings are more likely to change hands.
Buildings are more than simply shelter from Vermont's implacable climate.
Buildings are new and adequately equipped for leisure recreation.
Buildings are new and come furnished.
Buildings are nice, and often convenient.
Buildings are now condominiums.
Buildings are of a robust structure - a perspex box covered with balsa and corrugated plastic.
Buildings are of adobe with Spanish tile roofs.
Buildings are of architectural, commercial, industrial, and military significance.
Buildings are often erectd, bu individuals, or considerable expense.
Buildings are old, low-density and there are a lot of night clubs and mahjong parlours.
Buildings are on kits, so they require assembly but real easy to do.
Buildings are on pilings because of permafrost.
Buildings are one thing.
Buildings are only energy-effective when their occupants are comfortable.
Buildings are open and accessible, blurring the distinction between public and private spaces.
Buildings are open daily during the summer season.
Buildings are overcrowded and deteriorating.
Buildings are part of that material culture.
Buildings are partially wheelchair accessible.
Buildings are particularly difficult to judge without loading the game.
Buildings are primarily student residence halls, student union, or dining halls.
Buildings are real estates.
Buildings are ripe with sales opportunities that have yet to be fully explored by contractors.
Buildings are rough and blocky, and middle hills are too steep.
Buildings are scratchbuilt and accessories are from many different makers.
Buildings are simply platforms to support programs and to house students.
Buildings are small and close together, and close to the street.
Buildings are smalls.
Buildings are so rare that the few that exist are marked on maps.
Buildings are solids.
Buildings are still available for restaurants, cafes and clubs.
Buildings are still intact.
Buildings are structures.
Buildings are subject to change.
Buildings are subject to many renovations throughout their lifetime, some extensive, some modest.
Buildings are subject to weather conditions, site variations, all sorts of unpredictable aspects.
Buildings are symbols of commitments.
Buildings are tall and narrow with distinctive Dutch facades.
Buildings are talls.
Buildings are tangible, physical structures.
Buildings are tangible, unambiguous manifestations of community values.
Buildings are the key to expansion.
Buildings are therefore, in that sense, historical documents, living testimony to an entire era.
Buildings are three stories high.
Buildings are to be left clean prior to departure.
Buildings are totally gutted, many are unrecognizable.
Buildings are typically featureless and low to the ground.
Buildings are unique, each handcrafted.
Buildings are up and softball fields are being groomed.
Buildings are up for sale.
Buildings are used for housing.
Buildings are used for inhabitants.
Buildings are used for office space.
Buildings are used for shelter.
Buildings are usually of stone, roughly hewn and called rusticated.
Buildings are ventilated and their temperature regulated.
Buildings are very accessible historic artifacts that directly link the past and the present.
Buildings are very complex artifacts.
Buildings are very expensive to operate, maintain and staff.
Buildings are well-designed, contemporary structures nestled among spruce and hardwood trees.
Buildings are well-heated.
Buildings are wheelchair accessible, including restroom facilities.
Buildings are wheelchair friendly and there are special toilet facilities.
Buildings are whole systems with elements that interact.
Buildings attract mice.
Buildings become obsolete and banks require major repair work.
Buildings begin some of the readiness activities described elsewhere.
Buildings begin to get substantially more expensive as slopes become greater than fifteen percent.
Buildings belong to the fundamental right of free exercise of religious freedom.
Buildings bend inward or jut out from New York's methodical grid in slightly odd angles.
Buildings block incoming fire, and the reverse slope of hills can hide enemy units.
Buildings block the natural vistas.
Buildings blow out puffs of gray smoke as cement and mortar give way.
Buildings brazenly flaunt their shimmering bodies, sublime shapes, dazzling skins.
Buildings built before that time are likely to contain surfaces covered in lead based paint.
Buildings burn, people die, but love, real love is forever.
Buildings burn, people die, but real love is forever.
Buildings burn, people die, but real love lives forever.
Buildings burn, people die, but true love is forever.
Buildings can also be farther apart.
Buildings can also have a floor under the ground.
Buildings can also rely on renewable-energy systems during a blackout.
Buildings can be beautiful or ugly, exciting or boring.
Buildings can be beautiful too.
Buildings can be earth-covered in varying degrees.
Buildings can be single family homes, or large complexes.
Buildings can create lots of math activities.
Buildings can easily cease to be a major issue.
Buildings can even sink into the ground if soil liquefaction occurs.
Buildings can frighten, warm, entertain and lift the spirits - and cater to almost any neurosis.
Buildings can have a roof-line on the same slope as the foundation.
Buildings can inspire and they can calm, they focus attention and promote a sense of the whole.
Buildings can participate as a group or family, and children are welcome with their parents.
Buildings can qualify for four levels of certification .
Buildings can qualify for four levels of certification.
Buildings can send mixed messages.
Buildings can shelter people, or animals, or machinery, or anything.
Buildings can work two ways though.
Buildings carry a run-down, sooty look, the result of too much neglect, and too much air pollution.
Buildings cause significant environmental impacts.
Buildings change names more often than rivers.
Buildings change throughout their lifetime.
Buildings change with changes in the light.
Buildings change, but human nature remains constant.
Buildings Click on any thumbnail to view a downloadable larger image.
Buildings Click on image to see full-size for download.
Buildings Click on the pictures to download the models.
Buildings Click the answer button to see the correct answer.
Buildings collapse as a result of inertial forces.
Buildings collapse due to earthquake, explosion, storms, or poor construction.
Buildings collapse for a variety of reasons.
Buildings collapse in gale-force winds.
Buildings collapse when the joints come apart, with beams falling over the columns.
Buildings come and buildings go.
Buildings come and go but the worship community continues.
Buildings come and go.
Buildings come in shades of pink, orange and cream.
Buildings comply with all zoning codes and restrictions.
Buildings conform to Building Code.
Buildings connect by paved sidewalks in hilly terrain.
Buildings conserve resources and are recycled at the end of their life.
Buildings consume about a third of the energy in the United States.
Buildings consume one- third of the total amount of the energy used in Canada every year.
Buildings contain many original items maintained from the era of the original Salem.
Buildings contaminated by visual mold are very expensive to restore to pre-loss condition.
Buildings continue to be embellished with stucco, now largely molded rather than carved.
Buildings continue to collapse in New York City.
Buildings contort, houses shift like elastic and everyone sleeps through the procedure .
Buildings cost money to maintain.
Buildings cover all available land, adjoining sidewalk or street and spreading to property line.
Buildings cover the newer launch pads, so scientists can prepare in warmth.
Buildings Covers all aspects of facilities construction and management.
Buildings crowd each other and the narrow streets.
Buildings crumble and fall.
Buildings decay when attacked, burst into flames, etc.
Buildings decide they want to live in a certain place based on light.
Buildings depict the western era.
Buildings designed with the sun in mind can be comfortable and beautiful places to live and work.
Buildings deteriorate and become obsolete as they age.
Buildings deteriorate badly.
Buildings differ in size, function, and location.
Buildings disappear overnight.
Buildings display the colorful insignias of local gangs in spray paint.
Buildings do, too.
Buildings don t use energy, people do.
Buildings earn degrees of perpetuity, roads almost never do.
Buildings earn the space they occupy on other than economic terms.
Buildings employ security guards.
Buildings exhibits With each new building project comes a constantly changing campus landscape.
Buildings exist in time.
Buildings expand and contract with changes of season and temperature.
Buildings explode and burn with a lovely light.
Buildings explode in a variety of different ways, scattering scrap metal far and wide.
Buildings face each other, with kitchen windows looking out on the lane.
Buildings face into a courtyard or toward open space.
Buildings face into a courtyard or toward views.
Buildings face inward on a common green space, with eight units per structure.
Buildings feature bays, and bay windows.
Buildings feature salvaged wood, certified lumber and recycled paint.
Buildings follow a rigid structural motif.
Buildings form a sense of place but people and activity bring a place to life.
Buildings gain heat from the sun.
Buildings gain heat in three ways - conduction, convection, and radiation.
Buildings generally have one service for safety reasons, in addition to economics.
Buildings generate heat and melt the permafrost, sinking with time into the unfrozen soil.
Buildings get grimy.
Buildings get higher rents if they are updated.
Buildings go out of style and become obsolete, regardless of how well they have been cared for.
Buildings go without maintenance or paint.
Buildings grow from the ground as others crumble away into eternity.
Buildings has excellent location and access to attract the highest quality tenants.
Buildings have (part) bases.
Buildings have (part) boilers.
Buildings have (part) ceilings.
Buildings have (part) courtyards.
Buildings have (part) doorknobs.
Buildings have (part) doorsteps.
Buildings have (part) elevator cars.
Buildings have (part) elevators.
Buildings have (part) floors.
Buildings have (part) foundation stones.
Buildings have (part) foyers.
Buildings have (part) hinges.
Buildings have (part) interior doors.
Buildings have (part) readsides.
Buildings have (part) roof peaks.
Buildings have (part) roofs.
Buildings have (part) room light.
Buildings have (part) sections.
Buildings have (part) staircases.
Buildings have (part) stairs.
Buildings have (part) storeys.
Buildings have (part) walls.
Buildings have (part) window frames.
Buildings have (part) windowpanes.
Buildings have (part) windows.
Buildings have a huge influence on our lives.
Buildings have a key-controlled building access system, and laundry facilities in each courtyard.
Buildings have a significant impact on the environment.
Buildings have addresses.
Buildings have air conditions.
Buildings have both names and numbers and are often known by the latter.
Buildings have conditions.
Buildings have construction.
Buildings have drive-in bays.
Buildings have electrical outlets.
Buildings have excellent location and access to attract the highest quality tenants.
Buildings have flat roofs, central courtyards, and similar coloring.
Buildings have foundations, and sometimes entire cities do, too.
Buildings have foundations.
Buildings have guts, blood vessels, nerves, and skeletons .
Buildings have insulation.
Buildings have large volumes.
Buildings have laundry facilities and a limited number of garages.
Buildings have laundry, air conditioned, etc.
Buildings have light.
Buildings have light-weight roofs constructed in the shape of soap films.
Buildings have limited accessibility to the disabled.
Buildings have new numbers.
Buildings have no windows and space is extremely limited.
Buildings have one on file.
Buildings have only one roof, but they have many walls.
Buildings have outlets.
Buildings have roofs.
Buildings have security personnel.
Buildings have slab construction.
Buildings have so many variations in construction.
Buildings have their own personalities, too.
Buildings have to be above ground on wooden poles .
Buildings have to be erected to house and maintain all the engineering and processing equipment.
Buildings have to be set on posts to keep from sinking in the thaw.
Buildings have two to four overhead fogger lines to cool chickens in hot weather.
Buildings have various setbacks and are different widths.
Buildings have wheelchair ramps.
Buildings have windows.
Buildings here are residential examples of Albany's prosperous late nineteenth century.
Buildings hold stories from the past to serve as a foundation for the future.
Buildings imply an architect, paintings suggest a painter.
Buildings invariably are signifiers, they reveal, represent, resemble and express.
Buildings is formed by spatial frames, beams and columns.
Buildings is planned to be completed in the near future.
Buildings keep getting bigger, bridges keep getting longer, dams keep getting larger.
Buildings labeled in gray are categories that are coming soon.
Buildings last a long time and are used daily, so they want to be well laid out and efficient.
Buildings legally have to be designed to withstand an earthquake.
Buildings lie vacant.
Buildings light up for a dramatic touch and come already wired with bulb.
Buildings literally appear out of nowhere along the course.
Buildings live and spill from their souls.
Buildings live, breathe and use energy.
Buildings Locate a building on our campus or find out more about one.
Buildings located in an area with a good solar resource are preferred.
Buildings look a little sparse.
Buildings look different from what's there now.
Buildings look dull, but units, especially the foot soldiers, look very bad indeed.
Buildings look like buildings and blown up stuff looks like it was blown up.
Buildings look like they are well maintained.
Buildings look more modern, either having been built new or remodeled.
Buildings look nice and are easy to differentiate one from another.
Buildings look reasonable and the pedestrians look pretty good.
Buildings look smarter, more detailed and even, wait for it, a bit realistic .
Buildings look super-realistic.
Buildings loom up like icebergs on collision course.
Buildings made of bricks without a solid wood or steel frame are especially vulnerable.
Buildings marks the band's decisive move away from their endearingly scattershot indie-pop clatter.
Buildings mature, age, get repaired, altered and eventually are demolished or replaced.
Buildings move and settle, causing deflection and delamination which result in stress cracking.
Buildings now account for a third of our nation's annual energy consumption.
Buildings now constructed in American small towns treat external space as a residual element.
Buildings offer an operational insight into the way territories are structured and redesigned.
Buildings offer many opportunities for the utilisation of solar energy.
Buildings offer protection.
Buildings offer some protection at marginal areas of flows and surges but they are often destroyed.
Buildings offer warmth.
Buildings Only covers the cost of rebuilding the property.
Buildings operate as background in two important ways.
Buildings owned by the RED team are also usually red and made of wood.
Buildings perform in very predictable fashion.
Buildings pile up on each other, layers of times past nestled up to the present.
Buildings present another problem.
Buildings presently have zero economic incentive to hire entry-level teachers.
Buildings presently use large amounts of materials, energy, and landfill.
Buildings project dramatic instability with decorative ornamentation and protrusions.
Buildings propel the wrong people into church leadership.
Buildings provide complete cover.
Buildings provide excellent opportunity.
Buildings provide nest sites and perches, and places for butterflies and moths to hibernate.
Buildings provide opportunity.
Buildings radiate heat, making the sill warmer than the outside temperature.
Buildings range from single family homes to multi-story hotels and apartment buildings.
Buildings reduce the effectiveness of the illumination by creating shadows.
Buildings reflect heat onto trees, especially along southern and western walls.
Buildings reflect the history of the area and the artistry and craftsmanship of bygone eras.
Buildings remain vacant and decay.
Buildings represent themselves well compared to their real life counterparts.
Buildings require a level surface - there's just no way around that.
Buildings require large amounts of materials and moreover they use scarce space.
Buildings require power in order to function.
Buildings rise on all sides, enclosing a large open area overlooked by the towering castle.
Buildings rise up on all four sides, enclosing a large open area overlooked by the towering castle.
Buildings rise, modern technology hums and machinery pumps away in building after building.
Buildings rot from the bottom up.
Buildings routinely last a half century or more.
Buildings scream as they scrape the sky, the jungle swings while the night defies.
Buildings seem to be dispersed amongst dense tropical rainforest.
Buildings seem to love mold and mildew.
Buildings Select a building . . .
Buildings serve people.
Buildings shift and crack as permafrost melts.
Buildings show some damage and have different 'fronts' for damage taken.
Buildings show the ornate architectural style of the Mandalay period.
Buildings shown all still exist.
Buildings significantly alter the environment.
Buildings sit boarded-over, or leaning where the water took out their foundations.
Buildings sit naturally in their mountain habitat.
Buildings stand as living monuments to the past, their forms shaped by the forces of culture.
Buildings stand in the way of light.
Buildings standing taller than surrounding structures can also attract large numbers of bugs.
Buildings still bear the scars of shrapnel.
Buildings surround a quadrangle which is the hub of student activity.
Buildings sway in the wind and, over time, they settle into the ground.
Buildings take on a new charm, a whole new identity when the correct colors are applied.
Buildings Tell a Story.
Buildings tell stories as do books.
Buildings tend just to be repetition, doing the same move, over and over again.
Buildings tend to be built of brick, or mud-brick, if at all possible.
Buildings tend to be close together and are often very tall.
Buildings There are few historic and no grand or imposing buildings within the park.
Buildings tip over on their foundations.
Buildings turn into masses of unrecognizable pixels at close range.
Buildings turn off the heat during the day to reduce air pollution.
Buildings typically outlast their owners, their architects and even their original uses.
Buildings upgrade and become more advanced over time simulating the passage of thousands of years.
Buildings Visit famous buildings from around the world.
Buildings frequently bear little relationship to one another.
Buildings often reflect heat, creating additional stress on plants.
Buildings often require extension and alteration.
Building usually occurs in the fall.
Buildings usually represent a broad web of cultural influences.
All building are on a pre-set schedule to be treated once a month.
All buildings are able to accommodate the number of sections assigned.
All buildings are accessible at ground level, permitting the use of wheelchairs and strollers.
All buildings are accessible by wheelchair.
All buildings are accessible to the handicapped.
All buildings are accessible to the physically challenged.
All buildings are accessible.
All buildings are air conditioned for guest comfort.
All buildings are air-conditioned and classrooms are carpeted.
All buildings are air-conditioned and modern.
All buildings are air-conditioned and provide study areas.
All buildings are air-conditioned.
All buildings are at least slightly polluted with chemical aerosols.
All buildings are available for mainland delivery throughout the UK, FREE in most cases.
All buildings are available to group tours by appointment.
All buildings are back-better than ever.
All buildings are both expressive and instrumental for good or for ill.
All buildings are centrally air-conditioned and heated.
All buildings are centrally air-conditioned.
All buildings are co-educational by wing, floor, or alternating room.
All buildings are complete and ready for immediate occupancy.
All buildings are currently open without delays.
All buildings are either one or two storied.
All buildings are elevator equipped.
All buildings are elevator-equipped.
All buildings are elevator-served.
All buildings are five stories.
All buildings are fully accessible to handicapped students.
All buildings are fully insulated-roof and side walls.
All buildings are handicap accessible, and each provides adequate parking spaces.
All buildings are handicap accessible.
All buildings are handicap-accessible.
All buildings are in good condition.
All buildings are in traditional Balinese style with open verandah and courtyards.
All buildings are in very good condition and have been well maintained over the years.
All buildings are in very good condition.
All buildings are nearly new and in exceptional condition.
All buildings are no smoking areas.
All buildings are non-smoking.
All buildings are of brick construction, the more recent being of contemporary functional design.
All buildings are of top quality constructions and matrerials.
All buildings are only a few years old.
All buildings are open to the public as are the grounds.
All buildings are private unless otherwise noted.
All buildings are rustic and cozily arranged along the lakeside in the woods.
All buildings are single story with off street parking.
All buildings are smoke-free.
ALL buildings are smokefree.
All buildings are subject to evaluation, regardless of construction date.
All buildings are thatch roofed and rest on stilts.
All buildings are thatch-roofed, built by workers flown in from Kenya.
All buildings are to be evacuated and locked at the end of normal working, study or teaching hours.
All buildings are to be placed as close to the ground as practical to allow for handicapped access.
All buildings are unheated, but a few have fireplaces.
All buildings are unlocked in the morning and relocked in the evening.
All buildings are very small and ancient.
All buildings are well-maintained and meet today's safety standards and fire prevention codes.
All buildings are wheelchair accessible .
All buildings are wheelchair accessible, ground floor dorm rooms are also available.
All buildings are wheelchair accessible.
All buildings are within a compact area, surrounded by beautiful parkland with lakeside walks.
All buildings are within a short walk of all campus facilities.
All buildings are within easy walking distance and are being made fully accessible.
All buildings are within easy walking distance and being made fully accessible.
All buildings are within easy walking distance.
All buildings are within walking distance of one another and within skiing distance of the mountain.
All buildings are wood frame with brick veneer construction surrounded by professional landscaping.
All buildings come as a pre- fabrictaed kit.
All buildings contain a briefcase.
All buildings contain indoor allergens because there are so many different sources.
All buildings contain some radon as does outdoor air, although at very low levels.
All buildings contribute to a relaxed, residential environment.
All buildings currently have appropriate signage.
All buildings depend on a range of systems containing microcontrollers to support the occupants.
All buildings designedto feng shui principles.
All buildings enjoy the natural traditional Balinese thatched roofs.
All buildings facing on a Cambridge City Street have a recorded street address.
All buildings feature flexible floorplans to meet tenant needs.
All buildings have a full gymnasium.
All buildings have a laundry room with coin-operated machines for guest use.
All buildings have a mailing list.
All buildings have active parent organizations.
All buildings have alternatives for handicapped people to get around.
All buildings have at lease one undesirable structural feature relating to the effects of a tornado.
All buildings have bunkable beds.
All buildings have cafeterias.
All buildings have central heating.
All buildings have coin-operated laundries.
All buildings have convenient low-cost laundry facilities.
All buildings have convenient, low-cost laundry facilities .
All buildings have electricity and running water from a deep well.
All buildings have electricity.
All buildings have elevators, accessible entrances and electric door openers.
All buildings have elevators, accessible entrances, and electric door openers.
All buildings have elevators.
All buildings have emergency generators to power emergency lighting systems.
All buildings have four stories, including basement and attic.
All buildings have frost-proof heating.
All buildings have laundry and kitchen facilities and many have air conditioning.
All buildings have laundry facilities.
All buildings have lounges with TVs and cable hook-up.
All buildings have offices, washroom facilities, tailgate loading.
All buildings have one or more of the following bad features.
All buildings have on-site laundry, bicycle storage racks and storage lockers.
All buildings have pine clapboard siding stained grey with white trim.
All buildings have private and public roles.
All buildings have ramps and are wheelchair accessible.
All buildings have separate keys for outer and inner doors.
All buildings have several lounge areas for informal gatherings.
All buildings have shops on the street with flats and other uses above.
All buildings have showers and bike racks.
All buildings have some asbestos present.
All buildings have superintendents residing either in or very near the building.
All buildings have the fire extinguishers required by the National Fire Code.
All buildings have their own furnishings.
All buildings have tremendous ocean views, including the studio space.
All buildings have two separate electrical feeds.
All buildings including residence halls and Greek housing are tobacco free.
All buildings lose heat to the outdoors.
All buildings meet Field Act standards.
All buildings meet goal.
All buildings meet minimal standards of accessibility for individuals with physical disabilities.
All buildings offer an array of living styles.
All buildings possess some intrinsic damping.
All buildings provide barrier-free access to individuals with disabilities.
All buildings provide handicapped entrance access.
All buildings provide non-smoking rooms.
All buildings require periodic maintenance.
All buildings rest on concrete pads.
All buildings settle to some extent usually within the first year or two.
All buildings stand on crutches above the permafrost.
All buildings use passive solar energy on a sunny winter day.
All buildings used for summer conferences are smoke-free.
Any building acts as an aperture that focuses and filters sunlight inside.
Any building constructed within the City of Palm Bay requires a permit.
Any building is basically an enclosure within which the environment is controlled.
Any building is only as good as the foundation that it is built upon.
Any building requires the experience of an architect to assure an aesthetically pleasing facility.
Every building already has an ashtray in front of it.
Every building also lives in a context of history and of place.
Every building goes to a central dispatch.
Every building has a front door and, likewise, so does every website.
Every building has a history of sorts and our restaurant is no exception.
Every building has a management committee, responsible for the day to day running of each building.
Every building has a network of pipes that carries water.
Every building has a plan.
Every building has a purpose.
Every building has a rust skirt from the red soil splashed up by the rain.
Every building has a service area.
Every building has a story to tell.
Every building has access to digital cameras, scanners, and multimedia projectors.
Every building has access to the internet now.
Every building has an influence on the desirability of the neighborhood.
Every building has at least one location for recycling material.
Every building has at least one room that functions as a studio.
Every building has fiber optic cable connections to the campus backbone.
Every building has it owns advances.
Every building has multiple routes.
Every building has one.
Every building has rebar sticking out of it.
Every building has steps.
Every building has that place.
Every building has trash containers.
Every building has unique conditions and requirements.
Every building here has a landscape courtyard.
Every building is a collaboration between the owner and the architect and many others.
Every building is a community process.
Every building is at risk of flooding.
Every building is deemed to have removed natural vegetation.
Every building is designed to comply with local code requirements.
Every building is different.
Every building is entitled to a representative.
Every building is equipped with an elevator.
Every building is exquisitely detailed and even the most minute details have been accounted for.
Every building is filled with the mangled, the injured, the dead.
Every building is flattened and barely two bricks remain attached.
Every building is immense.
Every building is inspected at least once a year.
Every building is intact, but none are in operation.
Every building is intricately detailed, as are the streets, hills, grass, skyline, and pedestrians.
Every building is made of stone, concrete, brick, or some kind of non-perishable material.
Every building is modeled and rendered in fine detail.
Every building is nice and brick.
Every building is one of a kind.
Every building is one of three shades of sand.
Every building is pockmarked by gunfire or rocket fire or grenades.
Every building is unique.
Every building is vulnerable to the superhuman strength of mold and mildew.
Every building looks like a cookie cut out.
Every building looks very old.
Every building needs a paint job.
Every building needs a reliable foundation.
Every building needs a solid foundation.
Every building starts with the foun- dation.
Many buildings also have diagonal beams running between the girders, for extra structural support.
Many buildings are bland, old and dirty.
Many buildings are either structurally unsound or collapsing outright.
Many buildings are held together by rotting boards and slabs of concrete.
Many buildings are important to any community's dreams.
Many buildings are in fire.
Many buildings are of an exceptional quality and have superb details.
Many buildings are old and badly maintained.
Many buildings are on historical registers or are shrines.
Many buildings are overcrowded and deteriorating.
Many buildings are simply too old.
Many buildings are still in ruins just along the street.
Many buildings are the work of Cornish stone masons.
Many buildings are wheelchair accessible in whole or in part.
Many buildings are yet to be built or are under construction.
Many buildings being constructed today require smoke control systems.
Many buildings contain original furnishings.
Many buildings form the temple complex and the temple bell is a national treasure.
Many buildings get their energy from the campus power plant.
Many buildings give the appearance and character of the last century.
Many buildings have automatic entrance doors.
Many buildings have concrete ledges or casings specifically designed to hold the aircons installed.
Many buildings have entrances on more than one street.
Many buildings have exterior walls of glass curtainwall.
Many buildings have goals for developing their webpages.
Many buildings have Hebrew lettering and the Star of David on their facades.
Many buildings have multiple floor plans.
Many buildings have new equipment that needs less maintenance.
Many buildings have some accessibility already.
Many buildings have sprinkler systems.
Many buildings have storefronts on the first floor with residential space on the upper floors.
Many buildings have the potential of developing roof space.
Many buildings keep lost and found items for a brief period.
Many buildings lie vacant.
Many buildings now have flood lighting installed making shooting in the evening feasible.
Many buildings offer parking spaces deeded with the units.
Many buildings reflect Revival style popular during the period district developed.
Many buildings remain private and visitors are encouraged to avoid trespassing where posted.
Many buildings require hot water or steam during the summer.
Many buildings serve as network connection points for other buildings on the campus.
Many buildings sit empty and sandbagged, still too damaged by three years of war to be inhabitable.
Many buildings still contain asbestos.
Many buildings still stand but are in ruins or disrepair.
Many buildings survive to the present day , and the street grid .
Many buildings survive to the present day, and the street grid.
Many buildings turn off air conditioners and heaters at night.
Many buildings use flourescent lighting.
More buildings also mean people living closer together, so mites have more potential victims.
More buildings are being constructed, so check back often.
More buildings are under construc- tion.
Most buildings already have the street numbers posted.
Most buildings appear in good condition .
Most buildings appear to have been single storey, reflecting the abundance of space.
Most buildings are accessible with the use of ramps, elevators, and accessible parking.
Most buildings are accessible, and sidewalks are well-tended.
Most buildings are air-conditioned, so it is a good idea to carry a light jacket.
Most buildings are available either painted or unpainted.
Most buildings are coeducational, either by floor or by room.
Most buildings are commercial.
Most buildings are deep and narrow.
Most buildings are expendable.
Most buildings are four-stories high and there are still many charming townhouses as well.
Most buildings are handicap accessible and the campus has outstanding recreational facilities.
Most buildings are in the Central Business District, and are public.
Most buildings are in use at least five evenings per week for varied community and school events.
Most buildings are local hybrids composed of details from more than one architectural style.
Most buildings are low and horizontal in feeling with groups of windows at the corners.
Most buildings are part of farms or homes.
Most buildings are two or three storeys in height.
Most buildings are underground.
Most buildings are very visible from District streets, parking lots, and bike trails.
Most buildings are wheelchair accessible.
Most buildings attract mice.
Most buildings collapse.
Most buildings date back to colonial days or the early days of independence.
Most buildings date back to the nineteenth or the very beginning of the twentieth century.
Most buildings encounter the problem long after the most efficient options are no longer available.
Most buildings fall into the class A and B categories.
Most buildings have air conditions.
Most buildings have central heating and telephone service.
Most buildings have conditions.
Most buildings have construction.
Most buildings have downspouts without internal roof drain systems.
Most buildings have electric doors installed for wheelchair access.
Most buildings have electrical outlets.
Most buildings have elevators, laundry, cable, and some units have views.
Most buildings have exterior split log construction and are individually heated.
Most buildings have fair to good wet sprinkler systems.
Most buildings have floor funds left.
Most buildings have illness problems.
Most buildings have insulation.
Most buildings have laundry facilities in the basement.
Most buildings have light.
Most buildings have outlets.
Most buildings have recycling drop-off barrels or stations located in the laundry rooms.
Most buildings have roofs.
Most buildings have room for improvements in energy efficiency.
Most buildings have slab construction.
Most buildings have the lightning ground rod installed right under the electrical meter.
Most buildings have their own system of dealing with lost and found articles.
Most buildings lack roofs, others are in ruins, and there is no water or electricity.
Most buildings listed as retail are also available for office use.
Most buildings now have CC-equipped monitors.
Most buildings now have computerized lighting systems, automated locks and antitheft devices, too.
Most buildings now have elevators or chair lifts.
Most buildings offer protection.
Most buildings offer warmth.
Most buildings provide excellent opportunity.
Most buildings provide opportunity.
Most buildings receive twice a day pick-up and delivery.
Most buildings receive two pick-ups per week .
Most buildings rely on some form of ventilation system to exhaust contaminated air.
Most buildings serve a number of uses.
Most buildings undergo change throughout their life-span.
Some buildings already do, and there are few reports of problems.
Some buildings also have bike storage rooms.
Some buildings also have carts for flattened cardboard or newspaper.
Some buildings also have common area kitchens.
Some buildings also have rail access.
Some buildings also offer recreation rooms and study lounges.
Some buildings also recycle cardboard, mixed paper, and organic waste.
Some buildings alternate which person is a rep for a specific week.
Some buildings are air-conditioned.
Some buildings are beautiful.
Some buildings are better half-finished.
Some buildings are clickable.
Some buildings are heated with heat pumps , also .
Some buildings are heated with heat pumps, also.
Some buildings are inaccessible without assistance.
Some buildings are large, some are tall, and some are short.
Some buildings are multiple stories.
Some buildings are newer and more modern than others, but otherwise little is different.
Some buildings are old and crowded.
Some buildings are open almost constantly, posing a potential security issue.
Some buildings are open weekends for limited hours if special events are taking place.
Some buildings are still there.
Some buildings are truly intolerable.
Some buildings are uncomfortably warm in winter, while others are barely warm.
Some buildings are upgradeable into entirely new structures.
Some buildings become more than just part of the fabric of the town in which they exist.
Some buildings can only take a small amount of damage before being destroyed.
Some buildings contain more than one link. .
Some buildings cultivate common rooftop spaces.
Some buildings even have elements of French colonial design.
Some buildings even look mean and unfriendly.
Some buildings have a conventional rectilinear style while others are round or multi-sided.
Some buildings have a history of water leaks, electrical shorts and similar problems.
Some buildings have a single fiber optic cable and some have two fiber optic cables.
Some buildings have a wide price range due to the difference locations of units.
Some buildings have an underground sprinkler system.
Some buildings have cellars which lead into each other.
Some buildings have central heat and air, some space heat and fans.
Some buildings have drive-in facilities and some have outside storage areas.
Some buildings have extend useful life.
Some buildings have flat roofs.
Some buildings have flat, reflective surfaces that make sound waves act like bumper cars.
Some buildings have grass and trees nearby, and some are surrounded by concrete and asphalt.
Some buildings have heavy front doors.
Some buildings have indoor bicycle storage facilities as well.
Some buildings have life.
Some buildings have lights on, while others are dark.
Some buildings have more access to the web.
Some buildings have more life than others.
Some buildings have more than one location.
Some buildings have multiple addresses.
Some buildings have multiple wiring closets.
Some buildings have one or more adjacent wheelchair parking spaces.
Some buildings have pool tables, ping pong tables, game boxes, and basketball and volleyball courts.
Some buildings have schedules for their teachers, while others leave it wide open for sign up.
Some buildings have seats.
Some buildings have significant indoor air pollution sources.
Some buildings have small classrooms for their departments.
Some buildings have space that meets all or most of the requirements for tornado shelters.
Some buildings have stairwells which have unexpected turns and exits.
Some buildings have strobe flashers for the hearing impaired.
Some buildings have stucco decorated with frescos.
Some buildings have to have large equipment lifted in with a crane or helicopter.
Some buildings have underground parking garages .
Some buildings have underground parking garages.
Some buildings have unusual hot water production systems.
Some buildings have useful life.
Some buildings house more than one level.
Some buildings levy annual increases with no appreciable service improvement.
Some buildings listed have connections partially funded through departmental budgets.
Some buildings mark the technological breakthroughs of their time.
Some buildings now serve as restaurants or shops and welcome visitors.
Some buildings offer surprises, both good and bad.
Some buildings possess rats.
Some buildings rely on natural ventilation, such as windows and normal air leaks in the buildings.
Some buildings rely only on natural ventilation.
Some buildings remain from that era.
Some buildings require a nominal membership fee.
Some buildings restrict attaching anything to balcony walls or ceiling.
Some buildings serve as art museums, others as living history museums.
Some buildings suffer from botched remodeling jobs.
Some buildings use interior glass walls for light transmission with sound privacy.
Some buildings utilize a reheat process to maintain space temperature and humidity control.
Some buildings types require the seal of an architect before the plans are inspected.
Buildout time is approximately five years.
A buildup is accumulation
Buildup isa action.
Buildup occurs from the accumulation of residue.
Buildup slows the flow.
Buildups are accretion.
Buildups are accumulation.
Buildups are promotions.
Buildups cause accumulation.
Any buildup can cause the door to bind and jump.
Most buildups cause accumulation.
Some buildups cause arthritis.
Some buildups cause cartilages.
Some buildups cause chest pain.
Some buildups cause damage.
Some buildups cause explosions.
Some buildups cause eye irritation.
Some buildups cause injuries.
Some buildups cause irritation.
Some buildups cause pain.
Some buildups cause severe injuries.
Some buildups change climates.
Some buildups lead to autoimmune problems.
Some buildups lead to death.
Some buildups lead to problems.
Some buildups reduce blockage.
Some buildups result in destruction.
Built environment refers to more than just buildings.
Built environments are human-produced areas that provide the setting for human activity.
Built environments are more easily identifiable from remotely sensed imagery, with few exceptions.
Built environments enable the geographer to interpret cultural values, tastes, and sets of beliefs.
Built environments protect health only when they are properly managed.
Built models are available.
Built tree is n-ary one.
Bulb exposure is also available.
Bulb exposure is also possible.
Bulb exposure is completed as a basis.
Many bulb growers add a layer of mulch such as pine bark, pine needles, leafmold or buckwheat hulls.
Some bulb growers sprinkle bone meal in each hole, and others use superphosphate.
Most bulb growth occurs after flowering.
Some bulb nurseries sell bluebells.
Some bulb nurseries sell native bluebells.
Most bulb planters are hand tools.
Bulb quality can vary considerably from one variety to another, however.
Most bulb suppliers give extra premiums for early orders.
Some bulb suppliers sell bulbs that have already been given a chilling treatment.
A bulb is an electric lamp
BULB is thus a bibliography of both Swedish and foreign material, containing mainly new references.
Bulb isa lamp.
Bulbs actually thrive better in cool dry periods than they do in cool wet ones.
Bulbs already carry a season's supply of food in the moist tissue surrounding the embryonic flower.
Bulbs also burn out most frequently at the moment they're turned on.
Bulbs also do really well in raised beds that drain well.
Bulbs also like to be fertilized in the fall.
Bulbs are a beautiful creamy silver, good size and character.
Bulbs are actually a storage organ that helps the plant inside survive dormant periods.
Bulbs are actually stems surrounded by leaves, which feed the stem during growing season.
Bulbs are adaptable to rock gardens and woodland plantings.
Bulbs are also a worthwhile investment because they come up each year and multiply.
Bulbs are also easy to plant and can offer low maintenance options.
Bulbs are also predictable and cost-effective.
Bulbs are among the easiest plants to grow and maintain.
Bulbs are an excellent source of food.
Bulbs are another type of asexual reproduction.
Bulbs are at their peak.
Bulbs are available for chandeliers, sconces, starburst fixtures, post lights and carriage lamps.
Bulbs are available in different voltages and wattages.
Bulbs are available in late summer and early fall and they are less expensive than potted material.
Bulbs are available in the spring and in the fall.
Bulbs are available pre- planted in pots or unpotted.
Bulbs are available pre-plantedin pots or unpotted.
Bulbs are cheap.
Bulbs are classifies as tunicate or non-tunicate.
Bulbs are color.
Bulbs are different from corms, although the latter are often called bulbs.
Bulbs are different in wattage and colors.
Bulbs are easy and fun.
Bulbs are easy to plant.
Bulbs are essential for the landscape and they are almost carefree.
Bulbs are firm and round.
Bulbs are for competition off-road use.
Bulbs are generally good plants for the stress free garden.
Bulbs are halogen double contact bulbs.
Bulbs are hardy, colorful plants that require little maintenance.
Bulbs are hugh, germination and flowering rates very high.
Bulbs are in competition for food with other plants.
Bulbs are incredibly easy to grow in zones where the winters are cold.
Bulbs are lamps.
Bulbs are lightweight, punky, store poorly.
Bulbs are live plants and continue to breathe.
Bulbs are located in lamps.
Bulbs are located in lands.
Bulbs are most punctilious in their flowering schedule.
Bulbs are nearly round, firm, large and very mild.
Bulbs are of good size.
Bulbs are often the most cost-effective landscape perennial plants.
Bulbs are one of the most satisfactory of all plant materials to order by mail.
Bulbs are one of the most versatile groups of plants.
Bulbs are out.
Bulbs are part of mercury thermometers.
Bulbs are parts.
Bulbs are perfect for new gardeners, and for gardening with children.
Bulbs are planted in the fall, placed in small pots, and covered with tin foil to block the light.
Bulbs are plants for all seasons.
Bulbs are plants that never really left home.
Bulbs are plants with short, underground stems and thick, fleshy leaves.
Bulbs are quick and easy to grow.
Bulbs are readily available at local garden centers and stores or through mail-order firms.
Bulbs are readily available at local gardening stores and gardening catalogs.
Bulbs are ready when the tops dry up.
Bulbs are round shapes.
Bulbs are round, firm, and good sized.
Bulbs are self-sufficient storage organs, and are versatile in the landscape.
Bulbs are similar in appearance, but store their nutrients in scales instead.
Bulbs are small.
Bulbs are sometimes small so take a season or two to get established but worth the wait.
Bulbs are special buds, and they are thick and fleshy.
Bulbs are special subterranean reserve structures derived from leaves.
Bulbs are spectacular when planted in large groups of a single or mixed varieties.
Bulbs are spotted and rot in the field or in storage.
Bulbs are stalks.
Bulbs are stems that are underground and are specialized in storing food.
Bulbs are structures that provide security for plants.
Bulbs are structures.
Bulbs are summer-dormant and require both heat and cold treatments before forcing.
Bulbs are tall, bulbs are small.
Bulbs are technically rhizomes, but they are sometimes listed separately.
Bulbs are the easiest flowers to grow.
Bulbs are the exception.
Bulbs are the most toxic part.
Bulbs are the size of a quarter.
Bulbs are tunicate.
Bulbs are under grounded stems that are like a food storage.
Bulbs are underground condensed shoots which have one or more buds.
Bulbs are underground stems specialized for food storage.
Bulbs are underground stems that have thickened leaf bases and store food.
Bulbs are underground stems.
Bulbs are undersized.
Bulbs are unsightly.
Bulbs are up just in time to have their flowers knocked down by hailstorms.
Bulbs are used for blooms.
Bulbs are usually globular and have concentric layers of fleshy leaves covering the short stem.
Bulbs are usually most impressive when planted in clusters for color impact.
Bulbs are very easy to grow.
Bulbs are very sensitive to most herbicides.
Bulbs are well represented.
Bulbs are wonderful for new gardeners and experienced gardeners.
Bulbs aremade mostly of leaded glass with lime orborosilicate classes used on special products.
Bulbs begin to become active as soon as temperatures begin to fall after the summer.
Bulbs begin to send shoots upward toward the sky.
Bulbs benefit then from a foliar feeding.
Bulbs bloom four to six weeks after planting.
Bulbs bring greater profit when displayed for impulse sales.
Bulbs bring joy with their surprise, often seemingly leaping out of nowhere to offer their bloom.
Bulbs bud off new bulbs from the side.
Bulbs burn more brightly and motors turn more quickly as the applied voltage is increased.
Bulbs burn out to frequently.
Bulbs can enjoy a place in every planting scheme.
Bulbs can grow quite large, and are relatively mild in flavor.
Bulbs can handle the cold.
Bulbs can lengthen the time a flower bed displays color.
Bulbs can now flash in different patterns.
Bulbs can reach one pound or larger.
Bulbs can reproduce sexually , through seeds, or even vegetatively .
Bulbs cause vomiting and nervous excitement.
Bulbs change color.
Bulbs change electrical energy.
Bulbs change energy.
Bulbs come in a variety of shapes, sizes, light intensities, power-draining properties and prices.
Bulbs come in a wide range of color, shapes, sizes and plant heights.
Bulbs come in clear or frosted.
Bulbs come in different quality grades.
Bulbs come in size.
Bulbs come with various bases, shapes and sizes.
Bulbs conduct electricity.
Bulbs consist of a growing point surrounded by layers of fleshy leaf bases.
Bulbs consist of filament.
Bulbs consume energy.
Bulbs consume less energy.
Bulbs contain active components.
Bulbs contain components.
Bulbs contain filament.
Bulbs contain mercury.
Bulbs Continue deadheading after flowering.
Bulbs convert electrical energy.
Bulbs convert energy.
Bulbs develop in the neck or on top of hard-necked varieties.
Bulbs do best in a sandy, clay loam.
Bulbs do best in rich, well-drained soil.
Bulbs do do go out in flight, rare but malfunctions occur.
Bulbs do fairly well in most any soil.
Bulbs draw electricity.
Bulbs emit light.
Bulbs ends that are very large are overmature.
Bulbs enjoy deep sandy soil in full sun.
Bulbs establish best with cool, damp soil.
Bulbs form around the base of the plant's main bulb and grow to be clones of the parent plant.
Bulbs form small bulblets at the base of the parent bulb.
Bulbs generally enjoy being neglected.
Bulbs generate light.
Bulbs generate visible light.
Bulbs go dim long before they blow out.
Bulbs go dormant during the colder months and stay healthy as long as there is no frost.
Bulbs grow best in full sun.
Bulbs grow equally well in either.
Bulbs grow from bottoms.
Bulbs hate to have wet feet.
Bulbs have (part) sections.
Bulbs have a tendency to be striped with fine lines that run from top to bottom.
Bulbs have an outer layer called a tunic, very similar to an onion.
Bulbs have brightness.
Bulbs have dark, circular, sunken lesions or dark brown pin-sized pellets on their husks.
Bulbs have distinct shapes.
Bulbs have equal brightness.
Bulbs have filament.
Bulbs have firm pungent flesh and are well suited to mechanical handling and long-term bulk storage.
Bulbs have flowers.
Bulbs have resistance .
Bulbs have same temperature.
Bulbs have shapes.
Bulbs have stems.
Bulbs have temperature.
Bulbs heat up quickly.
Bulbs increase each year.
Bulbs look best when massed.
Bulbs look better when they are planted in mass.
Bulbs look especially attractive if repotted or double-potted in attractive containers.
Bulbs look like corms but are made of leaves, like the layers of an onion, rather than a stem.
Bulbs make excellent cut flowers.
Bulbs make light.
Bulbs Make purchases while supplies are good and store in cool dry place.
Bulbs multiply rapidly.
Bulbs only have one set of leaves and flower buds.
Bulbs ovoid, their coats with a fibrous net- work.
Bulbs ovoid, their coats with a very prominent fibrous network.
Bulbs planted in pots are particularly susceptible to cold damage.
Bulbs planted over the years include tulips and daffodils.
Bulbs prefer full sun, a rich, well-draining soil.
Bulbs produce blue flowers.
Bulbs produce energy.
Bulbs produce flowers.
Bulbs produce foliage.
Bulbs produce light.
Bulbs produce pale blue flowers.
Bulbs produce pale flowers.
Bulbs produce sticky substances.
Bulbs produce substances.
Bulbs produce thermal energy.
Bulbs Provide light to sewing bed.
Bulbs provide light.
Bulbs provide output.
Bulbs provide visible light.
Bulbs provide visible white light.
Bulbs provide white light.
Bulbs providing more light while using less energy are in use.
Bulbs reach height.
Bulbs remain in the ground until the summer when digging up and cleaning begins.
Bulbs remaining in the ground produce smaller flowers next year.
Bulbs reproduce by creating offsets.
Bulbs reproduce by offsets.
Bulbs reproduce themselves asexually by forming offsets from axillary buds.
Bulbs require a period of chilling to initiate flowers.
Bulbs require colder temperatures to grow properly.
Bulbs require low temperatures to grow properly.
Bulbs require time to develop a root system before cold weather comes and the soil freezes.
Bulbs rot when conditions get too warm and moist.
Bulbs size up very well.
Bulbs thrive in an environment rich in organic matter, and a porous soil.
Bulbs use electrical energy.
Bulbs use electricity.
Bulbs use energy.
Bulbs use filament.
Bulbs use less electrical energy.
Bulbs use less energy.
Bulbs Use the proper watt bulb called for by the lighting fixture.
Bulbs often rot starting at the neck.
Bulbs sometimes contain only five or so very large cloves with elongated tips.
Bulbs usually begin to rot at the base.
Bulbs usually prefer moist, well-drained soil.
All bulbs are monocots.
All bulbs are plug-in type.
All bulbs are to be interpreted in the same way.
All bulbs go out.
All bulbs have cathode radiation shielding.
Every bulb has generic type code and one specific to a manufacturer.
Every bulb is guaranteed to burst into bloom.
Every bulb is made into a new plant.
Many bulbs come with a pair.
Many bulbs normally send up leaves during late fall and winter.
Many bulbs produce offsets from their bases.
Many bulbs require a certain amount of chilling.
Many bulbs require a period of low-temperature dormancy before they sprout new buds and roots.
Many bulbs require a period of low-temperature exposure before they begin to send up the new plant.
Most bulbs appreciate well-drained soil and sunlight.
Most bulbs are general service, globe or decorative types.
Most bulbs are used in a socket which provides mechanical support and electrical connections.
Most bulbs change color.
Most bulbs change electrical energy.
Most bulbs change energy.
Most bulbs come in size.
Most bulbs conduct electricity.
Most bulbs consist of filament.
Most bulbs consume less energy.
Most bulbs contain a mixture of gases, commonly argon and nitrogen, instead of air.
Most bulbs contain active components.
Most bulbs contain components.
Most bulbs contain filament.
Most bulbs convert electrical energy.
Most bulbs draw electricity.
Most bulbs emit light.
Most bulbs generate light.
Most bulbs generate visible light.
Most bulbs get very hot when they are turned on , and take some time to cool off .
Most bulbs get very hot when they are turned on, and take some time to cool off.
Most bulbs grow from bottoms.
Most bulbs have a fairly short blooming season here.
Most bulbs have brightness.
Most bulbs have distinct shapes.
Most bulbs have equal brightness.
Most bulbs have filament.
Most bulbs have flowers.
Most bulbs have same temperature.
Most bulbs have several very large cloves.
Most bulbs have shapes.
Most bulbs have temperature.
Most bulbs make light.
Most bulbs prefer a sunny site as well.
Most bulbs prefer a well drained position.
Most bulbs produce blue flowers.
Most bulbs produce energy.
Most bulbs produce flowers.
Most bulbs produce foliage.
Most bulbs produce light.
Most bulbs produce pale blue flowers.
Most bulbs produce pale flowers.
Most bulbs produce sticky substances.
Most bulbs produce substances.
Most bulbs produce thermal energy.
Most bulbs provide light.
Most bulbs provide output.
Most bulbs provide visible light.
Most bulbs provide visible white light.
Most bulbs provide white light.
Most bulbs reach height.
Most bulbs require a period of cold temperature before growing and blooming.
Most bulbs require well-drained soil.
Most bulbs start to grow in a week or two.
Most bulbs use electrical energy.
Most bulbs use electricity.
Most bulbs use energy.
Most bulbs use filament.
Most bulbs use less electrical energy.
Most bulbs use less energy.
Some bulbs add color.
Some bulbs are designed to be brighter than other bulbs when connected to the same size battery.
Some bulbs are much more efficient at making light from the same amount of electricity.
Some bulbs are permanent residents.
Some bulbs are quite expensive.
Some bulbs are submerged in water.
Some bulbs are too big, so be careful.
Some bulbs bloom more quickly than others.
Some bulbs cause nausea.
Some bulbs cause trouble.
Some bulbs contain acid.
Some bulbs contain amino acid.
Some bulbs convert power.
Some bulbs create heat.
Some bulbs create waste heat.
Some bulbs emit radiation.
Some bulbs grown for the decorative flowers are the lily , tulip , and some irises .
Some bulbs grown for the decorative flowers are the lily, tulip, and some irises.
Some bulbs have an outer layer that is thin, dry, often brown, and easily removed.
Some bulbs have green leaves.
Some bulbs have inner quartz tubes.
Some bulbs have inner tubes.
Some bulbs have leaves.
Some bulbs have lower resistance.
Some bulbs have odor.
Some bulbs have output.
Some bulbs have quartz tubes.
Some bulbs have ranges.
Some bulbs have resistance.
Some bulbs have shorter lives than others.
Some bulbs have tubes.
Some bulbs have valves.
Some bulbs have wide host ranges.
Some bulbs have wide ranges.
Some bulbs produce antibodies.
Some bulbs produce different effects.
Some bulbs produce different light effects.
Some bulbs produce effects.
Some bulbs produce heat.
Some bulbs produce light effects.
Some bulbs produce rays.
Some bulbs produce seeds.
Some bulbs produce shoots.
Some bulbs produce ultraviolet rays.
Some bulbs produce watts.
Some bulbs provide benefits.
Some bulbs provide physiological benefits.
Some bulbs reach cms.
Some bulbs receive charge.
Some bulbs require care.
Some bulbs show conversions.
Some bulbs take care.
Some bulbs turn electrical energy.
Some bulbs turn energy.
Some bulbs use batteries.
Some bulbs work on principles.
A bulbil is a bulb
Bulbils also form in the inflorescence of some agaves.
Bulbils are an enlarged base with several pairs of leaves that are arranged aroun on a short axis.
Bulbils are axillary in Dioscorea.
Bulbils are bulbs.
Bulbils are produced at nodes and most are found on the rhizoids.
Bulbils are protected by scale leaves.
Bulbils develop in the early part of the season and fall off several weeks after the plant flowers.
Bulbils form at the top of the stem and are oval and smooth.
Bulbils grow on the stem in the axils of leaves or bracts.
Bulbils take about two years to reach bloom stage.
A bulblet is a bulb
Bulblets are small bulbs growing from the main bulb, such as in Hippeastrum spp.
Bulblets drop off and produce plants.
Bulblets fall off and can vegetatively propagate new plants.
Bulblets grow off the main bulb, then can move away from the main bulb via root action.
Bulbous buttercup is known to form tufts.
Bulbous buttercups grow wildly in mountainous areas, but are easy to introduce to the garden.
Bulbous eyes bulge out like domes from the sides of the rodent's heads.
Bulbous irises grow from bulbs that require a period of dormancy after they have bloomed.
A bulbous plant is a tracheophyte
Bulbous plants are of the greatest interest.
Bulbous plants are vascular plants.
All bulbous plants have similar life cycles.
Many bulbous plants are endangered but often they prove easy to cultivate and propagate.
Most bulbous plants are adapted to hot, dry summers and cooler, wetter winters.
Bulbous shape is here very successful, according to the vegetable decoration.
A bulbul is a nightingale
Bulbuls are active noisy and are among the sprightliest of the lot.
Bulbuls are birds.
Bulbuls are nightingales.
Bulbuls build their nests in the forks of trees or bushes.
Bulbuls feed mainly on fruits and berries and sometimes do crop damage.
Bulgaria isa thing.
Bulgarian authorities are in the process of drafting new arms trade legislation.
Bulgarian authorities attribute the drop in seizures to a shift smuggling routes.
Bulgarian beekeepers face many challenges in their transition to a consumer-driven market system.
Bulgarian beekeepers fall into two general groups.
Bulgarian buildings are energy inefficient, heavy, and take a long time to build.
Bulgarian Companies Has some detailed profiles, and it looks like they've got a lot of companies.
Bulgarian courts have exclusive jurisdiction if either party is a Bulgarian citizen.
Bulgarian cuisine is an interesting variation of the Mediterenian culinary establishment.
Bulgarian cuisine is very delicious.
Bulgarian Cuisine Visit to a folkstyle restaurant.
Bulgarian entrepreneurs are also eager to obtain transfer of technology and management expertise.
Bulgarian independence is recognised.
Bulgarian landscape is very variable.
Bulgarian market offers the lowest cost center, and the highest market potential in Eastern Europe.
Bulgarian mountains are highest on the Balkan Peninsula.
Bulgarian orphans live in state-run orphanages.
Bulgarian people say that Sofia is grows but never gets old.
Bulgarian Privatization Results Personal thoughts about traveling in Bulgaria.
Bulgarian pumpkins are beautiful, large pumpkins with a gray-green shell and a dark orange flesh.
Bulgarian sides warm up for new season.
Bulgarian sources claim otherwise.
Bulgarian squad is favored to win by the observers and bookmakers.
Bulgarian stations have separate entries.
All Bulgarian units are at two-step strength.
Bulgarian women are famous for their beauty and industry.
Bulgarian women are reluctant to anwer questions concerning sexual issues.
Bulge eyes have corneas.
Bulge eyes have thick corneas.
Most bulge eyes have corneas.
Most bulge eyes have thick corneas.
A bulge is a projection
Bulges are projections.
Bulges can also prevent parking too close to crosswalks.
Bulges cause bulges.
Bulges develop as do symptoms.
Bulges lie at the center of spiral galaxies.
Bulgur wheat adds texture and flavor to cooked beans, soups and stews.
Bulgur wheat is a wheat berry
Bulgur wheat is soaked for several days in yoghurt and sour milk.
Bulgur comes either whole, or cracked into fine, medium, or coarse grains.
Bulgur continues to swell after cooking if moisture is present.
Bulgur is a parboiled, dry and partially debranned whole wheat product.
Bulgur is a precooked, cracked version of whole wheat.
Bulgur is a Turkish word meaning hulled wheat grains broken into fragments.
Bulgur is a wheat berry
Bulgur is actually whole wheat that is boiled, dried, then ground coarsely.
Bulgur is convenient since it can be either soaked in water or cooked to be edible.
Bulgur is easy to prepare and a nice change from rice and pasta.
Bulgur is fortified with minerals and vitamins to same levels as in cornmeal.
Bulgur is made from whole wheat that's been soaked and baked to speed up the cooking time.
Bulgur is one of the main ingredients in many of the favorite dishes of the region.
Bulgur is the star of the Middle Eastern dish Tabbouleh.
Bulgur is wheat kernels that have been boiled, dried and cracked.
Bulgur is wheat.
Bulgur is whole wheat berries that are first steamed, then dried and cracked.
Bulgur is whole wheat that has been steamed, dried and then cracked into smaller pieces.
Bulgur is whole-wheat kernels that have been boiled, dried and cracked.
Bulgur works well in pilafs or as a meat substitute in chili or stuffed green peppers.
Bulimia begins in early childhood. is gender.
Bulimia encourages isolation.
Bulimia is hunger
Bulimia is hunger.
Bulimia isa disorder.
Bulimia presents with a chaotic eating pattern of bingeing with vomiting.
Bulimia tends to begin in the teen years and often continues into adulthood.
Bulimia tends to develop in late adolescence and early adulthood.
Bulimic anorexics can be extremely manipulative regarding professional assistance.
Bulimic behavior has serious physical and psychological effects.
Bulimic episodes can also result in water retention and swelling and abdominal bloating.
Bulimic patients can be of normal weight, but they feel very out of control.
A bulimic is a sufferer
Bulimics also consume large amounts of food, but their bingeing is followed by purging.
Bulimics also diet and exercise excessively to counteract the effects of bingeing.
Bulimics are ashamed of their eating behavior and consequently hide it from others.
Bulimics are aware of the problem and try to keep it a secret.
Bulimics are different, and are more likely to binge on food after a period of dieting.
Bulimics are frequently depressed, especially after an eating binge.
Bulimics are susceptible to throat cancer and hemorrhaging from the repeated vomiting.
Bulimics are usually of average or above average weight.
Bulimics believe that self-worht requires requires being thin.
Bulimics can damage their esophagus, gums, teeth and kidneys from vomiting so frequently.
Bulimics can develop severe esophageal problems because of the vomiting and they can develop ulcers.
Bulimics can experience radical fluctuations in weight.
Bulimics commonly exhibit multiple drug use disorders and have high rates of alcoholism.
Bulimics derive comfort from food.
Bulimics differ from anorexics in that they usually maintain a steady body weight.
Bulimics eat large amounts of food in short periods of time.
Bulimics feel a lack of control over eating behavior and often use laxatives and diuretics.
Bulimics have a morbid fear of becoming obese.
Bulimics have an obsession with weight, food and eating.
Bulimics learn to eat smaller meals, and ward off purging a little longer each day.
Bulimics overeat, then purge themselves.
Bulimics seem to be particularly vulnerable to rejection, loss, and failure.
Bulimics tend to base their self-esteem on appearance and they generally have low self concepts.
Bulimics tend to be closet eaters.
Bulimics tend to be extremely thin.
Bulimics tend to be of normal weight to slightly overweight.
Bulimics tend to binge on junk food.
Bulimics tend to experience poor impulse control.
Bulimics turn to food in an attempt to cope with life stresses.
Bulimics understand that they have a problem with food, they just are unable to control it.
Bulimics always purge by vomiting.
Bulimics often abuse diet pills, laxatives and diuretics.
Bulimics often binge to drown out feelings of anger, pain, guilt or trauma.
Bulimics often disappear to the bathroom after meals or snacks.
Bulimics often experience a feeling of loss of control during binges.
Bulimics often have emotion regulation problems.
Bulimics often have low self-worth and have a lot of guilt about their condition.
Bulimics often use and abuse drugs and have high rates of alcoholism.
Bulimics usually have low self-esteem and feel very insecure.
Bulimics usually maintain their normal body weigh and are very outgoing people.
Many bulimics are depressed.
Many bulimics engage in excessive exercise and exhibit concerns about weight and shape.
Many bulimics have a split personality or different eigenstates.
Many bulimics have normal weight.
Many bulimics have poor teeth due to regular vomiting.
Many bulimics report that they have trouble feeling full, unless they eat large amounts of food.
Many bulimics seem fine, but experts say that, under the surface, they often feel worthless.
Most bulimics are at their ideal body weight or slightly higher.
Most bulimics are female, and bulimia usually starts in the teens or early twenties.
Most bulimics are high-achievers and appear friendly.
Most bulimics do accept help if they are strongly urged by close friends and loved ones to seek it.
Most bulimics follow bingeing with self-induced vomiting.
Most bulimics follow the binge by self-induced vomiting.
Most bulimics gain weight over time.
Most bulimics have to be treated with antidepressants.
Most bulimics report feelings of shame and develop secretive behaviors to hide their habit.
Some bulimics also purge after a binge by fasting for days or by exercising for hours.
Some bulimics have a telltale scar on the first two knuckles of their hand from inducing vomiting.
Some bulimics have feelings of numbness and comfort from the anticipation of the binge-purge cycle.
Some bulimics lose weight progressively, alternating between binges and food restriction.
Some bulimics tend to be unstable in certain aspects of their lives.
Bulk actives drive ambitious sales targets.
Bulk advertising is one of the latest techniques for finding workers.
Bulk agents promote bowel movement.
Bulk ammunition purchases.
Bulk bags can easily withstand the rigors of road and rail transport.
Bulk billing applies for Australian citizens.
Bulk billing is provided.
Bulk boxes are temporarily on back order.
Bulk cable is unterminated.
Bulk capacitance is just capacitance for capacitance's sake, the more the better.
Bulk cargo is transported through railways because of cost advantage over other modes.
Bulk cement is pumped through pipes into sealed ships, barges, trucks, or freight cars for shipment.
Bulk chemicals are usually much less complex.
Bulk density affects the ease with which contaminants move through the rock or soil.
Bulk density appears to be relatively low.
Bulk density describes the soils weight to volume ratio.
Bulk density has an inverse relationship with soil structure and soil porosity.
Bulk density is highest under wheel tracks where maximum pressure is applied to the soil.
Bulk density is important because it reflects the porosity of a soil.
Bulk density is increased and water retention and movement are significantly reduced.
Bulk density is largely dependent on moisture content of the manure.
Bulk density is low.
Bulk density is the weight of a soil in a given volume.
Bulk density is the weight of soil solids per unit volume of soil.
Bulk density is the weight of the abrasive per unit volume, typically pounds per cubic foot.
Bulk discount applies to hours used per month.
Bulk discounts are also available.
Bulk discounts are available - contact the author.
Bulk discounts are available for educators on some items.
Bulk discounts are available for either or both books.
Bulk discounts are available for large quantities of a single title.
Bulk discounts are available for selected titles.
Bulk discounts are available to schools and organizations.
Bulk discounts are available, inquire here for details.
Bulk discounts are available, so feel free to contact our sales department.
Bulk discounts are available.
Some bulk fares are available by cashier's check only.
Bulk film is film purchased in long lengths.
Bulk firewood is also available in different species as well as spilt or rounds.
Bulk flow is a passive transport process similar to simple diffusion.
Bulk flow is a process used by small lipid-insoluble proteins to cross the capillary wall.
Bulk flow is involved in long distance transport of xylem sap.
Bulk flow is involved in translocation.
Bulk flow is opposed by colloid osmotic pressure.
Bulk fuel accounts for over three quarters of the cargo.
Bulk insulation can act like a sponge, soaking up water to the full height of the walls.
Bulk insurance is available for authorized mailers.
Bulk investment are in the technology related engineering services.
Bulk items are household items that are too large to be placed in a garbage can or bag.
Bulk job posting agreements require advance payment.
Bulk loans are available for fiction and non-fiction theme work.
Bulk loans are negotiable.
Bulk mail can cost less than half the normal postage when properly prepared.
Bulk mail can take up to two weeks.
Bulk mail cheapens the event.
Bulk mail is a special third class rate.
Bulk mail is an inexpensive way to send large quantities of mail.
Bulk mail is cheap, but almost never speedy.
Bulk mail is less expensive, but first class mail has an aura of legitamacy.
Bulk mail is mail
Bulk mail is mail.
Bulk mail is the last mail that the post office handles.
Bulk mail is to be banded by the department to be delivered.
Bulk mailings are effective means to reach a large audience at an affordable rate.
Most bulk materials suffer when wet.
Bulk modulus is elastic modulus
Bulk modulus is the inverse of compressibility.
Bulk order discounts E-mail our sales representatives to setup an appointment.
Bulk polymerization has a built in hazard.
Bulk precipitation is collected and measured on an event basis.
All bulk products are also available in research quantities.
Bulk purchase is an option.
Bulk purchases are available at the following rates as long as supplies last.
Bulk rate is applied to mailings of identical pieces separately addressed to different addresses.
Bulk rate is available for members.
Bulk rate is the dumpster rate.
Bulk registration is available for registering large quantities of domain names.
Bulk registration is available to all high schools.
Bulk registration is the ability to register multiple domains in one transaction.
Bulk retrieval is possible using the Powerful Get-Net operator.
Bulk rope is cut in any length.
Bulk sales acts.
All bulk sales are tax free.
Most bulk samples are easy to prepare.
Bulk sand is available upon request.
Bulk seed is also available, click to view.
Bulk seeds require additional shipping charges.
Bulk shipment is preferable to transport in bags.
Bulk space is also available.
Bulk stock can expand and contract with changes in temperature.
Bulk stone costs less than bagged, although delivery is usually extra.
Bulk storage is to be in approved rooms or outside enclosures.
Bulk storage means storage of a commodity in a large mass before it is used.
Bulk subscriptions are available at reduced prices.
Bulk subscriptions are available upon request from the publisher.
Bulk subscriptions are available.
Bulk subscriptions are less.
Bulk tape return with or without barcodes.
Bulk transfers require the form to be printed, filled out, and notarized.
Bulk transport allows for nutrients to be transported over greater distances.
Bulk transport allows for rapid communication between different parts of the body.
Bulk transport allows for waste products to be removed more efficiently.
Bulk transport is responsible for the movement of nutrients and hormones in both animals and plants.
Bulk trash is collected from city-serviced residences four times each year.
Bulk trash is picked-up once a week.
Bulk treatment is the adding of a fuel additive to underground or above ground tanks.
Bulk volume is obtained by immersion techniques.
Bulk wine is a major raw material for Japanese bottled wine.
Bulk buy negotiable.
Bulk comes from vegetables.
Bulk is a number
Bulk is magnitudes.
Bulk is mass.
Bulk isa number.
Bulk laxatives present a risk if there is undiagnosed obstruction.
More bulk comes from the repetition of facts already known.
Most bulk comes from vegetables.
Some bulk is near bottoms.
A bulkhead is a partition
Bulkheads are a river's enemy.
Bulkheads are also structurally simple relative to undisturbed shorelines.
Bulkheads are continuous from cabin top to hull.
Bulkheads are glassed to both hull and deck.
Bulkheads are larger than baffles.
Bulkheads are laser cut.
Bulkheads are marine plywood.
Bulkheads are part of ships.
Bulkheads are partitions.
Bulkheads are walls that hold and prevent the sliding of soil.
Bulkheads can require a substantial mooring hook up.
Bulkheads destroy salt marshes.
Bulkheads tend to erode neighboring shorelines, and damage water quality and habitat.
All bulkheads are bonded and glassed to the hull, giving superb strength and rigidity.
All bulkheads are composite panels.
Some bulkheads are blue foam.
Bulking agents are available in drug stores and can be effective.
Bulking agents are dry, porous materials that help aerate the compost pile.
Bulking agents are usually safe for use by children, as long as dosage recommendations are followed.
Bulking agents do lots of different things.
Bulking fibers absorb water as they move through the digestive system , easing defecation .
Bulky adducts result.
Bulky coats make it hard to mount the gun.
Bulky covers are hard to handle and hard to store.
Bulky items are particular expensive.
Bulky items can slow vehicles down.
Bulky items exceed permissible dimensions.
Bulky items have a high transportation cost and are shipped by rail or truck.
Bulky items provide air channels so that oxygen can flow into and through the compost.
Bulky machines are expensive and only work one plane of motion.
Bulky pieces can feel hot and heavy while dancing.
Bulky seams can create areas of sensitivity where blisters are likely to form.
Bulky tissue organs like beetroots store sucrose as their storage carbohydrate.
Bulky trash includes old appliances, furniture, mattresses, etc.
Bulky tumors can encroach or touch the cornea.
Some bulky tumors turn out to be quite superficial, and some small tumors have iceberg extensions.
Bulky waste is collected once per month, on the last collection day of the month.
Bulky waste is defined as appliances, sofas, chairs, bicycles etc.
Bull ants are found throughout Australia.
Bull ants have a fearsome reputation, and deservedly so.
Bull ants have abdomens.
Bull ants have vision.
Bull ants live in areas.
Bull ants live in urban areas, forests and woodland, and heath.
Bull ants live in urban areas.
Most bull ants have abdomens.
Most bull ants have vision.
Most bull ants live in areas.
Most bull ants live in urban areas.
Bull bar handle.
Bull calves reach puberty.
Most bull calves reach puberty.
Bull elephants are dangerous, and most zoos lack the facilities to handle an adult male elephant.
Bull elephants become belligerent.
Bull elephants live outside the family herd and mating takes place after courtship.
Bull elk defend territory.
Bull elk have antlers.
Bull elk have spread antlers.
Bull elk use antlers.
Bull elk use large antlers.
Bull eyes are acceptable in whites.
Bull fights are one of the most known traditions in Spain.
Bull fighting is an ancient tradition that still continues today.
Bull fighting is an outrageous activity that needs to be prevented.
Bull fighting is held in mythic regard in countries such as Spain and Portugal.
Bull frogs have calls.
Most bull frogs have calls.
Bull giraffes have necks.
Bull Island contains enormous fresh water ponds, the residue of a once flourishing rice culture.
Bull kelp can grow several centimeters a day.
Bull kelp is an amazing plant.
Bull kelp is reported to be damaged by high-suspended solids in the ocean from land sources.
A bull market is a market
Bull market appears to be holding.
Bull market goes up.
Bull markets are basically winner's games.
Bull markets are markets.
Bull markets are more fun than bear markets.
Bull markets are only sustainable if the inflation rate is kept flat.
Bull markets become bear markets and bear markets become bull markets.
Bull markets can temporarily blur the pain.
Bull markets climb a wall of worry.
Bull markets die of overweight.
Bull markets do it again, only the other way around.
Bull markets ignore bad news and bear markets ignore good news.
Bull markets require new money, optimism and higher trading volumes.
Bull mastiff sounds.
Bull moose become most aggressive during the rut.
Bull moose grow antlers.
Bull moose grow antlers.
Bull moose have a life expectancy of seven years while females average eight years.
Bull moose have antlers.
Bull moose have weight.
Bull moose pursue cow moose.
Bull moose pursue moose.
Bull moose use their big racks fighting with another challenging bull moose.
Bull moose weigh pounds.
Bull mooses are mooses.
Most bull moose grow antlers.
Most bull moose have antlers.
Most bull moose have weight.
Bull pens are also necessary to effectively separate bulls from cows after breeding season is over.
Bull riders have great taste.
Bull riding are located in shows.
Bull riding is a dangerous sport.
Bull riding is a mainstay event in American competition rodeo.
Bull riding is all about raw power and courage.
Bull riding is red alert, start to finish.
Bull riding is the adrenaline rush of the rodeo.
Bull riding is the big event, ending each rodeo with a guaranteed thriller.
Bull riding is the most popular and the most dangerous of the rough stock events.
Bull riding requires a lot of training and instruction.
Bull roarers whirl and hum.
Bull semen is shipped around the country and the world.
A bull shark is a shark
Bull sharks are a common visitor to local beaches and can tolerate high levels of freshwater.
Bull sharks are a 'requiem' species, reaching up to ten feet in length.
Bull sharks are able to regulate themselves to live in either fresh water or salt water.
Bull sharks are animals.
Bull sharks are born alive in freshwater.
Bull sharks are categorized as viviparous as they give birth to live pups.
Bull sharks are fast swimmers.
Bull sharks are fish.
Bull sharks are found along all of the continental coasts of subtropical and tropical oceans.
Bull sharks are found in both freshwaters as well as in saltwater.
Bull sharks are large and stout, with females being larger than males.
Bull sharks are one of the three most dangerous species, beside the white shark and tiger shark.
Bull sharks are pale to dark gray above, fading to white on their underside.
Bull sharks are usually pale to dark grey above , and their undersides are white .
Bull sharks are usually pale to dark grey above, and their undersides are white.
Bull sharks are very robust-bodied and have a blunt, rounded snout.
Bull sharks are viviparous , meaning that they give live birth .
Bull sharks are viviparous, meaning that they give live birth.
Bull sharks can live in fresh water.
Bull sharks can store salt in their bodies.
Bull sharks can thrive in both saltwater and freshwater and can travel far up rivers.
Bull sharks eat fish.
Bull sharks feed on bony fish.
Bull sharks feed on fish.
Bull sharks grow to size.
Bull sharks have an unusual migratory pattern in comparison to other sharks.
Bull sharks have can detect electricity in animals.
Bull sharks have eyes.
Bull sharks have snouts.
Bull sharks live all across the world.
Bull sharks prefer ocean saltwaters.
Bull sharks prefer saltwaters.
Bull sharks prefer shallow and warm ocean saltwater.
Bull sharks prefer warm saltwaters.
Bull sharks reach maturity depending on where they are .
Bull sharks reach maturity depending on where they are.
Bull sharks survive in fresh water.
Bull sharks survive in water.
Bull sharks tend to occur in shallow coastal waters where visibility is often poor.
Bull sharks travel far into freshwater rivers and lakes.
Most bull sharks eat fish.
Most bull sharks feed on bony fish.
Most bull sharks feed on fish.
Most bull sharks grow to size.
Most bull sharks have eyes.
Most bull sharks have snouts.
Most bull sharks prefer warm saltwaters.
Most bull sharks survive in fresh water.
Most bull sharks survive in water.
Some bull sharks eat sharks.
Some bull sharks prey on bottlenose dolphins.
Some bull sharks prey on dolphins.
Bull shit are easy words to say, man.
A bull terrier is a terrier
Bull terrier seems most likely.
Bull terriers are dogs.
Bull terriers are medium sized dogs.
Bull terriers are terriers.
Bull terriers are the only dogs that have triangular eyes.
Bull terriers are very strong for their size .
Bull terriers are very strong for their size.
Bull terriers have a short coat , small triangular eyes and an egg shaped head .
Bull terriers have a short coat, small triangular eyes and an egg shaped head.
Bull terriers like to be doing something.
Bull thistle plants release seeds.
A bull thistle is a thistle
Bull thistle has a two year life cycle, flowering and setting seed in the second year.
Bull thistle requires a vernalization period before bolting.
Bull thistles germinate from seeds.
Bull thistles occur in habitats.
Most bull thistles germinate from seeds.
Most bull thistles occur in habitats.
Some bull thistle is also present.
Some bull thistles prefer disturb areas.
Bull trout are a prime indicator of the health of forest ecosystems.
Bull trout are absent in watersheds with the most roads, stream crossings and timber harvest.
Bull trout are in trouble throughout most of their range in the northern Rockies.
Bull trout are members of the char subgroup in the salmon family.
Bull trout are members of the salmon family known as char.
Bull trout are predators that eat salmon.
Bull trout are very susceptible to habitat destruction and overfishing.
Bull trout have a unique life cycle.
Bull trout reach maturity in four to seven years and live as long as twelve years.
Bull trout require large, deep pools for over wintering.
Bull trout require the cleanest, coldest water of any stream-dwelling fish in North America.
A bull is cattle
Bull acknowledges the rights of the owners of the trademarks cited herein.
Bull blames the delay on the instability of Polish law.
Bull creates strong characters who carry the plot.
Bull disappears up the street.
Bull features smart cards for international markets.
Bull is a person who expects higher prices.
Bull is an amazing guitarist and songwriter.
Bull is an excellent legume to include in pastures to deter the risk of bloat.
Bull is dead.
Bull is in big demand around home.
Bull is partially right.
Bull is quite happy.
Bull is the best-kept secret in the business.
Bull isa cattle.
Bull leads the cheering at the after-victory celebration.
Bull now benefits from a measurable increase in employee morale and productivity.
Bull proves that it only bore witness to the old .
Bull recalls the drive across Kansas as endless.
Bull recognizes the many issues teachers and administrators are facing.
Bull riding by nature is a tumultuous event.
Bull running is inherently dangerous, death and injury occasionally occur.
Bull snap on one end and panic snap on other end for immediate release.
Bull suspects recent rains helped.
Bulls also attain much larger sizes than cows.
Bulls also bugle, bark and make other sounds.
Bulls also fight each other using their antlers to assert their dominance.
Bulls also grunt at cows straying from their harem.
Bulls also have a dewlap on their neck and have a patch of thick fur on their foreheads.
Bulls also roll in muddy wallows and thrash at vegetation with their antlers.
Bulls also stare, shake their head, or lunge toward any opponent.
Bulls appear very often in Minoan art.
Bulls are a troublesome group of cattle to provide proper nutrition.
Bulls are adult male cows.
Bulls are adults.
Bulls are also very territorial.
Bulls are animals.
Bulls are animals.
Bulls are bigger than cows as are cows bigger than calves.
Bulls are black or dark brown at maturity, although they are born a lighter shade of reddish brown.
Bulls are blunder.
Bulls are capable of charge.
Bulls are cattle.
Bulls are color blind.
Bulls are colorblind.
Bulls are color-blind.
Bulls are dark brown or black, and cows and young are reddish brown.
Bulls are dark brown to black with a broad skull and narrow, rounded horns.
Bulls are docile and easy to handle.
Bulls are eligible for sale at private treaty throughout the test period.
Bulls are especially vulnerable to heat stress.
Bulls are fast on land.
Bulls are fond of all things pretty, whether it's in their home, at a museum or on the stage.
Bulls are for sale at the farm private treaty year-round.
Bulls are gentle souls.
Bulls are grass fed only .
Bulls are immune if vaccinated against campylobacteriosis.
Bulls are in the area.
Bulls are intact male bovines that are used for breeding.
Bulls are investors.
Bulls are like people.
Bulls are male animals.
Bulls are male cattle.
Bulls are males.
Bulls are men.
Bulls are more attractive to horn flies than are steers or cows.
Bulls are more massive in appearance than cows, and more bearded.
Bulls are more susceptible to internal parasites than cows.
Bulls are non-territorial and exhibit a dominance hierarchy.
Bulls are non-territorial, and amicably coexist together within overlapping home ranges.
Bulls are often a darker gray around their front ends.
Bulls are often long-term investors as well, since they like both making and keeping money.
Bulls are often problematic and are normally kept for breeding purposes.
Bulls are often too big for their age and appear to have been pushed on grain.
Bulls are only male.
Bulls are optimistic about the potential of the market and the individual stocks.
Bulls are part of cattle.
Bulls are people.
Bulls are placentals.
Bulls are policemans.
Bulls are polygamous and sometimes find more than one female mate.
Bulls are present year-round in deep waters off the British Columbia coast.
Bulls are prone to digging up paddocks and are subject to contamination by ingestion of soil.
Bulls are quite fast and agile and their surprising, sudden moves are very dangerous.
Bulls are slain for men just to watch the sport of bull fighting.
Bulls are solitary or in small groups until summer when they begin to mix with cow-calf herds.
Bulls are teams.
Bulls are the perfect model for what winning is all about.
Bulls are their passion.
Bulls are train security.
Bulls are unlike pigs, because bulls know when to take profits.
Bulls are useful, friendly, and easy to care for.
Bulls are very territorial and tend to remain alone.
Bulls argue that the narrowing P-E spread makes tech a good bet.
Bulls assess each others strength through sparring or play-fighting.
Bulls become very territorial during rutting season and often spar with other bulls.
Bulls begin to migrate first.
Bulls bounce back to crush Wolves .
Bulls brush aside Halifax .
Bulls bugle during the rut as an advertisement to nearby cows and a warning to nearby bulls.
Bulls bugle invitations to cows and challenges to other bulls.
Bulls bugle to let the cows know they are there and to scare other bulls away.
Bulls can also be the sappiest of sentimentalists.
Bulls can cause more thorough damage.
Bulls can have offspring.
Bulls can smell when and which cow is in estrus.
Bulls can stand as tall as five feet at the shoulders.
Bulls carry antlers.
Bulls carry massive antlers.
Bulls carry their antlers into late winter or early spring.
Bulls cause rampage in Leicester .
Bulls challenge opponents.
Bulls chase animals.
Bulls chase small animals.
Bulls clash with their large antlers in a test of strength.
Bulls combine succinct style, compacted logic, and a sharp edge.
Bulls come into it a different times.
Bulls commonly compete for cows by jousting.
Bulls consistently buy, anticipating an increase in stock prices.
Bulls continuously follow receptive females and test their vulvas .
Bulls defend cows.
Bulls defend territories and fast during the breeding season.
Bulls defend territory.
Bulls defend their right to mate with a cow and sometimes a group of cows with their antlers.
Bulls defend their territories, but tolerate subordinate males.
Bulls differ in reproductive capabilities.
Bulls display behavior.
Bulls display outward aggression by pawing at the ground with a hoof and charging.
Bulls display sexual behavior.
Bulls display their dominance by bellowing, wallowing, and fighting other bulls.
Bulls do too.
Bulls driven from herds live alone or in bachelor herds.
Bulls drop first game of road trip.
Bulls eat food.
Bulls emit loud sound.
Bulls emit sound.
Bulls engage in head butting competitions.
Bulls exhibit a behavior called the intimidation behavior.
Bulls expend a great amount of energy during the rut.
Bulls fight for dominance.
Bulls fight with each other for possession of females, and the dominant bulls have the most mates.
Bulls fight with each other over control of the cows by attacking each other with their antlers.
Bulls fighting, cows calling and everything.
Bulls generally do a good job of heat detection, but a miserable job of record-keeping.
Bulls get the best feed by pushing everyone else out of the way.
Bulls grow antlers annually from the time they are nearly one year old.
Bulls grow antlers.
Bulls grow darker with age and become black about the head and neck.
Bulls grunt back.
Bulls have (part) beef.
Bulls have (part) brains.
Bulls have (part) breasts.
Bulls have (part) cannon bones.
Bulls have (part) cell membranes.
Bulls have (part) cells.
Bulls have (part) chest cavities.
Bulls have (part) chests.
Bulls have (part) corpi.
Bulls have (part) cytoplasm.
Bulls have (part) ears.
Bulls have (part) faces.
Bulls have (part) heads.
Bulls have (part) hip sockets.
Bulls have (part) hoofs.
Bulls have (part) horns.
Bulls have (part) nuclei.
Bulls have (part) piluses.
Bulls have (part) plasma membranes.
Bulls have (part) rib cages.
Bulls have (part) second stomachs.
Bulls have (part) sections.
Bulls have (part) skulls.
Bulls have (part) sterna.
Bulls have (part) vacuoles.
Bulls have a dark brown or black muzzle, while the cows face is light brown.
Bulls have a dark shaggy mane that covers their necks.
Bulls have a dark-brown to black pelage depending on their geographic origin.
Bulls have a higher daily liveweight gain and more efficient food conversion.
Bulls have a higher percentage kill-out.
Bulls have a loud roar that can be heard over a great distance.
Bulls have a reputation for trouble.
Bulls have a white chevron across face.
Bulls have antlers.
Bulls have attention.
Bulls have attitude.
Bulls have big noses.
Bulls have blood.
Bulls have coats.
Bulls have contact.
Bulls have faces.
Bulls have foreheads.
Bulls have frequent contact.
Bulls have horns, lions have manes, and baboons have rainbow noses and really vicious teeth.
Bulls have horns.
Bulls have legs.
Bulls have mates.
Bulls have more dark cutters than steers, cows, or heifers.
Bulls have noses.
Bulls have obvious potential problems.
Bulls have obvious problems.
Bulls have potential problems.
Bulls have problems.
Bulls have ranges.
Bulls have reddish coats.
Bulls have skin.
Bulls have small scent glands in their cheeks.
Bulls have something to prove .
Bulls have straight out and up horns while cows have a barely visible hook on the end.
Bulls have such patience.
Bulls have tendencies.
Bulls have the typical Zebu hump.
Bulls have thick skin.
Bulls have vision.
Bulls having a normal scrotum with a distinct neck generally have the best testicular development.
Bulls herd separately, remaining on the edges of a cow-dominated herd, waiting for the rut.
Bulls hold key to draft at No.
Bulls join female herds during mating, but favour other habitats out of the mating season.
Bulls leave the group when they reach the age of puberty.
Bulls lose their antlers in the spring.
Bulls lose, take No.
Bulls make money, bears make money, and pigs get eaten.
Bulls Make Money.
Bulls make so-called rutting pits and by doing so help dune dynamics.
Bulls mark territory.
Bulls mate with cows.
Bulls measure eight feet from head to tail.
Bulls milling in uncertainty on every continent behave the same way.
Bulls move clear at top .
Bulls move into the clan just to breed and then go back to their bachelor groups.
Bulls naturally forage at higher levels than do cows to reduce food competition between the sexes.
Bulls occupy territory.
Bulls patrol their areas on land and swim back and forth along the water side, barking incessantly.
Bulls possess horns.
Bulls prepare for the mating season by sparring with one another.
Bulls protect calves.
Bulls protect vicinities.
Bulls ram head and horns just like sheep and goats do and make a loud bellow.
Bulls rank differently for milk and fat, but both traits are important to farm income.
Bulls reach full maturity.
Bulls reach height.
Bulls reach maturity.
Bulls reach puberty.
Bulls reach sexual maturity before their first birthday.
Bulls reach sexual maturity.
Bulls reach the peak of their mating ability around the age of six to seven years.
Bulls rely heavily on visual indicators to find females in heat.
Bulls rub their antlers against low brush and small trees, leaving worn bark and broken branches.
Bulls rub their antlers against tree bark to speed up the peeling process.
Bulls run in herds and follow the path of the six steers which they let go first.
Bulls run in packs and crush little lambs.
Bulls sell with a first breeding season guarantee.
Bulls serve as the carries.
Bulls set up own territory.
Bulls set up territory.
Bulls sire calves.
Bulls sire offspring.
Bulls spar a great deal and sometimes fight for possession of cows.
Bulls sport their finest display of antlers, and cows herd in the high country.
Bulls stake out territories by breaking off branches of trees and bushes with horns.
Bulls stampede in a brown blur of hoofs and swinging tails.
Bulls stay with the cows year around.
Bulls stay with the herd only during the breeding season.
Bulls suffer shock defeat .
Bulls suffer their only loss of the month, falling to Houston at the Summit.
Bulls survive for time.
Bulls temporarily rejoin female-centered units, especially when females are sexually receptive.
Bulls tend to be lighter colored than cows .
Bulls tend to be solitary or form small bachelor herds.
Bulls tend to feed at full stretch with their heads tipped upwards.
Bulls tend to separate into smaller herds over the summer to forage.
Bulls tend to separate into smaller herds to forage.
Bulls tend to stay in bachelor groups, except for the rut when they are competing with one another.
Bulls thrash brush and bark with their antlers, marking their territory.
Bulls tolerate females and sub-adult males in their territory.
Bulls use antlers.
Bulls use their high-pitched bugle both to attract females and to ward off other bulls.
Bulls ususally have darker coats, which get progressively darker as they get older.
Bulls walk out of mushrooms.
Bulls wander alone or in small groups but females and calves herd together for protection.
Bulls weigh kilograms.
Bulls weigh lbs.
Bulls weigh pounds.
Bulls weigh several tons.
Bulls weigh tons.
Bulls win on the back of penalty goals .
Bulls win tech seesaw.
Bulls win, but it takes six games.
Bull always delivers challenging music that bears repeated listenings.
Bulls always enjoy frequent infusions of liquidity no matter how big they get.
Bulls often become solitary or form their own herds, as do females with calves.
Bulls often chase and sometimes kill small hippos, presumably males still in mother's care.
Bulls often slip on the cobble stones and panic.
Bulls usually don t breed until they re three years old.
Bulls usually live in bachelor groups or alone.
Bulls usually spend the summer alone or in small groups at high elevations.
All bulls are scrotal measured and fertility checked.
All bulls are semen tested and performance tested.
All bulls are semen tested and raised with the commercial breeder in mind.
All bulls eventually stop running.
Any bull proven privately by an individual or breeder group is listed as breeder-proven.
Every bull sold is professionally fertility examined.
Many bulls continually dribble urine and show damp patches on their hind legs.
Most bulls are seasoned professionals and eager to get in the arena to show their stuff.
Most bulls can have offspring.
Most bulls carry antlers.
Most bulls carry massive antlers.
Most bulls challenge opponents.
Most bulls chase small animals.
Most bulls defend cows.
Most bulls defend territory.
Most bulls display behavior.
Most bulls display sexual behavior.
Most bulls eat food.
Most bulls emit loud sound.
Most bulls emit sound.
Most bulls fight for dominance.
Most bulls grow antlers.
Most bulls have a swirl of hair known as a whorl somewhere on their faces.
Most bulls have antlers.
Most bulls have attention.
Most bulls have attitude.
Most bulls have big noses.
Most bulls have blood.
Most bulls have coats.
Most bulls have contact.
Most bulls have foreheads.
Most bulls have frequent contact.
Most bulls have horns.
Most bulls have legs.
Most bulls have mates.
Most bulls have noses.
Most bulls have obvious potential problems.
Most bulls have obvious problems.
Most bulls have potential problems.
Most bulls have problems.
Most bulls have ranges.
Most bulls have reddish coats.
Most bulls have skin.
Most bulls have tendencies.
Most bulls have thick skin.
Most bulls have vision.
Most bulls mark territory.
Most bulls mate with cows.
Most bulls occupy territory.
Most bulls possess horns.
Most bulls protect calves.
Most bulls protect vicinities.
Most bulls purchased by commercial cattlemen have EPDs with fairly low accuracy.
Most bulls reach full maturity.
Most bulls reach height.
Most bulls reach maturity.
Most bulls reach puberty.
Most bulls reach sexual maturity.
Most bulls sire offspring.
Most bulls survive for time.
Most bulls use antlers.
Most bulls weigh kilograms.
Most bulls weigh lbs.
Most bulls weigh pounds.
Most bulls weigh several tons.
Most bulls weigh tons.
Some bulls achieve maturity.
Some bulls achieve sexual maturity.
Some bulls attack humans.
Some bulls challenge masters.
Some bulls compete for mates.
Some bulls contain caffeine.
Some bulls defend areas.
Some bulls defend core areas.
Some bulls deliver calves.
Some bulls develop diseases.
Some bulls develop severe diseases.
Some bulls develop skin diseases.
Some bulls die of mountain sickness.
Some bulls die of sickness.
Some bulls dig holes.
Some bulls eat diets.
Some bulls eat high protein diets.
Some bulls eat protein diets.
Some bulls enter streets.
Some bulls enter zones.
Some bulls establish breed territory.
Some bulls establish territory.
Some bulls fight to death.
Some bulls have beams.
Some bulls have global market strategies.
Some bulls have global strategies.
Some bulls have habits.
Some bulls have humps.
Some bulls have market strategies.
Some bulls have only one testis in the scrotum.
Some bulls have patches.
Some bulls have possibility.
Some bulls have reputations.
Some bulls have strategies.
Some bulls have tusks.
Some bulls have weight.
Some bulls kill panthers.
Some bulls lead life.
Some bulls lead solitary life.
Some bulls live in hills.
Some bulls mount cows.
Some bulls pose threats.
Some bulls produce testosterone.
Some bulls reach adolescence.
Some bulls rely on bulls.
Some bulls remain infected for years.
Some bulls return to sea.
Some bulls shake horns.
Some bulls shed antlers.
Some bulls show fear.
Some bulls sire cattle.
Some bulls specialize in pushing over big trees.
Some bulls stretch necks.
Some bulls sustain injuries.
Some bulls sustain serious injuries.
Some bulls use urine.
A bulla is a cyst
Bulla develop on previously intact skin and cause a clear fluid blister that ruptures easily.
Bullae are flaccid and usually contain pus.
Bullae are rare in the oral mucosa.
Bullas are seals.
Bulldog bats take insects.
Most bulldog bats take insects.
Bulldog breeders express beliefs.
Bulldog breeders have information.
Bulldog breeders have practical information.
A bulldog is a dog
Bulldog isa dog.
Bulldogs also do well with people at the other end of the age spectrum.
Bulldogs also offers a large patio, video screens and a pool table.
Bulldogs are a family hobby.
Bulldogs are a low-exercise dog.
Bulldogs are a very special breed with special needs.
Bulldogs are a very stubborn and tenacious breed.
Bulldogs are aggressive to show their worth as watch dogs when any stranger approaches.
Bulldogs are also a symbol of courage and stubbornness.
Bulldogs are also at high risk for gastric torsion.
Bulldogs are both powerful and clumsy dogs.
Bulldogs are docile, easy going, lazy dogs.
Bulldogs are dogs.
Bulldogs are especially susceptible in the face and tail areas.
Bulldogs are expensive.
Bulldogs are friendly, easygoing and get along with everyone, including children and other animals.
Bulldogs are good with other pets, but sometimes aggressive with strange dogs.
Bulldogs are intelligent.
Bulldogs are like two year old children for the rest of their lives.
Bulldogs are prone to health problems and tend to slobber profusely.
Bulldogs are tenacious, stubborn and they do drool.
Bulldogs are very active hence they consume protein rich food.
Bulldogs are very friendly and playful, whilst also being stubborn and protective.
Bulldogs are very sensitive to heat and very hard to cool down if overheated.
Bulldogs are very sensitive to heat.
Bulldogs are wonderful dogs.
Bulldogs become pets.
Bulldogs bulldogs bulldogs fight fight fight.
Bulldogs can and usually do find a way to be very comical.
Bulldogs can be quite friendly, despite a reputation for stubbornness.
Bulldogs can die from heat exhaustion.
Bulldogs can have some genetic health difficulties, as can any pure bred dog.
Bulldogs can tear the rawhide off and choke on it.
Bulldogs catch squirrels.
Bulldogs chill easily and have difficulty cooling off in very hot weather.
Bulldogs die at ages.
Bulldogs do have some special needs and do require some special care.
Bulldogs do very well in obedience.
Bulldogs do well with children and make great family pets.
Bulldogs ever do or die.
Bulldogs face is abound with wrinkles.
Bulldogs face today.
Bulldogs finally claim title for themselves Bridesmaids no more.
Bulldogs generally are aloof but are very friendly towards humans.
Bulldogs get back quickly on defense and take away opponents' transition games.
Bulldogs get no satisfaction Disastrous ninth derails upset bid versus No.
Bulldogs get second straight home win.
Bulldogs go all the way to Poland for sweet shooting forward.
Bulldogs have (part) bone cells.
Bulldogs have (part) brains.
Bulldogs have (part) breasts.
Bulldogs have (part) chest cavities.
Bulldogs have (part) chests.
Bulldogs have (part) corpi.
Bulldogs have (part) ears.
Bulldogs have (part) faces.
Bulldogs have (part) ground substances.
Bulldogs have (part) heads.
Bulldogs have (part) marrow.
Bulldogs have (part) mast cells.
Bulldogs have (part) pads.
Bulldogs have (part) paws.
Bulldogs have (part) piluses.
Bulldogs have (part) rib cages.
Bulldogs have (part) sections.
Bulldogs have (part) skulls.
Bulldogs have (part) sterna.
Bulldogs have coats.
Bulldogs have foreheads.
Bulldogs have glossy coats.
Bulldogs have heads.
Bulldogs have issues.
Bulldogs have lips.
Bulldogs have problems.
Bulldogs have sensitive skin, and many are prone to allergies.
Bulldogs have shoulders.
Bulldogs have tails.
Bulldogs have undershot jaws, protruding canines, and broad chests.
Bulldogs have very small nasal cavities and thus have great difficulty keeping their bodies cool.
Bulldogs have wide shoulders.
Bulldogs have windpipes.
Bulldogs kick off after a score.
Bulldogs look very cute and therefore are easily bought on impulse.
Bulldogs love human attention.
Bulldogs need stimulation.
Bulldogs pull away in the second half with tight zone defense and strong rebounding.
Bulldogs remain companions.
Bulldogs remain unharmed.
Bulldogs require a climate-controlled environment.
Bulldogs score four in the fourth and two in fifth for win.
Bulldogs shake heads.
Bulldogs start spring season on the road Members of the baseball team prepare for the spring season.
Bulldogs tend to have small tracheas considering their size.
Many bulldogs have tight and screw tails.
Most Bulldogs are extremely stubborn.
Most bulldogs become pets.
Most bulldogs die at ages.
Most bulldogs have coats.
Most bulldogs have foreheads.
Most bulldogs have glossy coats.
Most bulldogs have heads.
Most bulldogs have issues.
Most bulldogs have lips.
Most bulldogs have problems.
Most bulldogs have shoulders.
Most bulldogs have tails.
Most bulldogs have wide shoulders.
Most bulldogs have windpipes.
Most bulldogs remain companions.
Most bulldogs shake heads.
Some bulldogs come into contact.
Some bulldogs die of causes.
Some bulldogs have concentration.
Some bulldogs have plenty.
Some bulldogs have trouble.
Some bulldogs lose weight.
A bulldozer is a tractor
Bulldozer clears space.
Bulldozer isa tractor.
Bulldozers already knockin' down th' grapevines.
Bulldozers are construction vehicles.
Bulldozers are everywhere.
Bulldozers are tractors.
Bulldozers can rapidly remove all the overburden down to the top layer of limestone.
Bulldozers carry out rough grading of the overburden.
Bulldozers clear away the snow for construction on new poultry houses to begin.
Bulldozers dig extensive fireline on the west boundary of the park near West Yellowstone.
Bulldozers growl as they rearrange the landscape to make way for new housing and new businesses.
Bulldozers haul old plaster and iron from a once graceful train station under renovation.
Bulldozers have (part) axles.
Bulldozers have (part) brakes.
Bulldozers have (part) sections.
Bulldozers have (part) wheels.
Bulldozers have a reputation for a reason.
Bulldozers heap the coal into large piles and load it into railway wagons as necessary.
Bulldozers rumble to life.
Bulldozers still work at removing rubble and have managed to clear the main pathways.
Bulldozers tear away more hills and canyons daily.
Bulldozers use plows to clear mines from their own path.
Bulldozers wait to do their work.
Bulldozers work daily to clear land for five more.
Some bulldozers hit shacks.
Bullet ants are the largest ants in Central America, at about an inch long.
Bullet ants tend to be rather solitary, but one is quite enough.
Bullet bras abound.
A bullet hole is a hole
Bullet holes are clearly visible in the door of the suspect's car.
Bullet holes are holes.
Bullet holes are still to be seen in the walls of the house.
Bullet holes mar metal door frames.
Bullet holes riddle the sign.
Bullet holes score the theater's old walls.
Bullet lists are an eye-pleasing way to enumerate ideas or facts.
Bullet lists are another often repeated element.
Bullet lists are great for presenting specific items that back up statements.
Bullet lists are lists produced with the round dots in front of each entry.
Bullet loans are also possible.
Bullet placement is most important in either case, but there are complications.
Bullet points appear under each slide title.
Bullet points are a good format to summarize content in an easily accessible way.
Bullet points are a great tool for organizing information.
Bullet points are fine.
Bullet points are great.
Bullet points are only the beginning of an effective web site.
Bullet points are preferable to extended prose.
Bullet points are preferable to paragraphs.
Bullet points are slightly more complicated.
Bullet points have the advantage of being clear and concise.
Bullet points indicate the steps to be taken in some cases, and issues to be considered in others.
Some bullet points appear below.
Some bullet shells hit floors.
Bullet style is a solid disc by default.
A bullet train is a passenger train
Bullet trains are faster and more common in the cities.
Bullet trains are streamlined so that they can travel faster.
Bullet wounds cause entrance and exit wounds.
Bullet wounds spray gushing blood and chunks of flesh, and bodies writhe in agony and pain.
A bullet is a missile
Bullet drop compensation for a variety of rounds.
Bullet isa projectile.
Bullet points at the beginning of a show title indicate a link.
Bullet points to focus on key information.
Bullets achieve higher velocities and greater accuracy.
Bullets act as hyperlinks to the information they precede.
Bullets allow the user to include similar topics together.
Bullets allow the user to set of lists from the rest of the page.
Bullets also capture the attention of the reader as a visual cue.
Bullets also require up to six times more energy to exit the skin than to enter it.
Bullets appear independently or objects can appear progressively.
Bullets are a great way of breaking down large chunks of text.
Bullets are all the same color as for the history item on page one.
Bullets are always preferable to prose.
Bullets are available as an option to set off lists.
Bullets are basically non-explosive bits of metal, as opposed to shells, which explode upon impact.
Bullets are bullets.
Bullets are cheap, but a rope is reusable.
Bullets are cheap.
Bullets are eye catching.
Bullets are faster than anything.
Bullets are good for listing items without transitions.
Bullets are good, too.
Bullets are lead spheres, much heavier than stones of the same size.
Bullets are lethal.
Bullets are like waves, they only rearrange the sand.
Bullets are located in bandoliers.
Bullets are located in boxs.
Bullets are located in casings.
Bullets are located in magazines.
Bullets are located in roadblock.
Bullets are located in war.
Bullets are made of copper.
Bullets are magnetic.
Bullets are more effective than dashes or asterisks in lists.
Bullets are nothing more than a transmitted signal which effects the cable box program.
Bullets are nothing more than transmitted signal which affects the cable box program.
Bullets are nothing more than transmitted signal which effects the cable box program.
Bullets are okay, too.
Bullets are optional.
Bullets are paper patched and wax coated.
Bullets are part of cartridges.
Bullets are parts.
Bullets are preferred.
Bullets are projectiles.
Bullets are pushed through the sizing die nose first, so no special nose punches are needed.
Bullets are really just small buttons.
Bullets are the culprit.
Bullets are too expensive to shoot at paper before the season even comes in.
Bullets are used for hunting.
Bullets are used for kill.
Bullets are used for killing.
Bullets are used for murder.
Bullets are used for murderings.
Bullets are used for projectiles.
Bullets are used for shooting.
Bullets are used for shoots.
Bullets are used for wounding animals.
Bullets are used for woundings.
Bullets are very helpful in providing a format which is informational and easy to read.
Bullets automatically appear at the start of each line after the numbered line.
Bullets bounce off their brittle hides and flames find little purchase.
Bullets break up the monotony of the resume and make it easier to read quickly.
Bullets can also get tedious, whereas paragraphs can start with a summary and then gradually expand.
Bullets can assist the structuring of lists.
Bullets can be any size, shape or color, but most are small dots, boxes, or numbers.
Bullets can be dynamically unstable at the moment they leave the barrel.
Bullets can fly in from the top or bottom, checkerboard in, dissolve, and so on.
Bullets can provide an additional left anchor to organize related text.
Bullets can ricochet off water and keep going.
Bullets can ricochet off water, rocks, trees, metal and other hard surfaces.
Bullets cause vascular damage by either severing or tearing blood vessels.
Bullets chew the scenery and fell allies and enemies alike as the protagonists hash it all out.
Bullets come in variety of different calibers .
Bullets confuse some systems, so to be safe, replace bullets with asterisks.
Bullets considerably improve the appearance and reading easiness.
Bullets contain ferromagnetic material concentrated toward the tail.
Bullets crack through the air as the driver slams the car into reverse and tries to escape.
Bullets do a fantastic amount of damage, and new items appear.
Bullets do expand in clay, but expansion is exaggerated.
Bullets do indeed draw blood but in the process become blood drenched themselves.
Bullets do strange things.
Bullets emphasize important points.
Bullets fly across the street, past washing lines, sleeping dogs and playing children.
Bullets fly all around.
Bullets fly and blood flows.
Bullets fly and bombs fall.
Bullets fly and both men go down.
Bullets fly everywhere, things explode, people scale rooftops and no one gets hurt .
Bullets fly, bodies drop.
Bullets fly, the beasts rush into the pit, and suddenly it is Starling who needs saving.
Bullets generally fragment or mushroom upon impact, depending on their hardness.
Bullets get the headlines, but there are less deadly ways kids express their alienation.
Bullets go flying.
Bullets go real slow later on, and some girls jumps real high.
Bullets go through their windows.
Bullets graze and continue to fly more abundant than the birds.
Bullets have (part) sections.
Bullets have a certain logic.
Bullets have a limited range and also bounce off of the walls.
Bullets have acceleration.
Bullets have many uses .
Bullets have many uses.
Bullets have real trajectories, with both wind and material affecting a bullet's path.
Bullets help format lists and organize ideas.
Bullets hurt more.
Bullets imply that the order is unimportant.
Bullets indicate the depth of the mixed layer base.
Bullets just kill the body.
Bullets kill and wound.
Bullets leave realistic holes in glass.
Bullets leave their mark on walls, and nice little flecks and particles fly when they hit.
Bullets list important benefits.
Bullets locate a battlefield.
Bullets make small red holes going in and big, nasty ones coming out.
Bullets mean good or very good.
Bullets move too fast to be drawn into a collision.
Bullets offer the versatility to steak and fillet sturgeon.
Bullets ONLY apply to brand name original equipment.
Bullets only mark the lines of a list.
Bullets only work when there's a single target, one problem, one neat cause, one effect.
Bullets pierce bone and meat, blood spills so much that the ocean runs red.
Bullets riddle wailing wall, On bloody broken knees they crawl.
Bullets rip into flesh and ricochet off metal.
Bullets rip into flesh.
Bullets rip into helmets and soldiers crumble.
Bullets rip through long-dead soldiers.
Bullets rip through wooden floorboards but ricochet from metal staircases.
Bullets rip through wooden floors but ricochet off metal staircases -Michael.
Bullets shed the blood of young people, true.
Bullets shoot through walls, spilling light from one room to another.
Bullets signify a list, containing items that are related in some way.
Bullets speak louder than reason.
Bullets splash in the murky water.
Bullets spray the uncovered craft, killing many of the defenseless soldiers.
Bullets strike their table and they scramble for cover.
Bullets tend to deform to a greater extent than usual, and under-penetrate.
Bullets tend to lodge in, but can still go through wood.
Bullets tend to ricochet off car bodies.
Bullets then choose medium balls .
Bullets travel a long way.
Bullets Use a maximum of five bullets on each page.
Bullets Use bullets for lists.
Bullets Use the rich variety of bullets to create lists.
Bullets used in lists, for example, often look different on different browsers.
Bullets When speaking of bullets, short and fat are desirable terms.
Bullets whistle around.
Bullets work on veteran cops too.
Bullets wreak havoc.
Bullets often deform or fragment upon impact.
All bullets describe a parabola as they fly.
All bullets travel to the target in a looping arc, first rising then falling toward the target.
Any bullet known to man can kill.
Many bullets are interchangeable between rifles and handguns.
Many bullets fly, cars crash and explode, and a lot of people die.
More bullets ricochet off the side of the vehicle, the street and a nearby building.
Most bullets have acceleration.
Most bullets miss the rope completely.
Some bullets are also drop-shadowed for effect.
Some bullets are longer and stand as sentences.
Some bullets enter backs.
Some bullets enter hearts.
Some bullets have different effects.
Some bullets kill dogs.
Some bullets solve pest problems.
Some bullets solve problems.
Bulleted boxes offer highlights and fun facts about the monuments.
Bulleted items are of particular significance .
Bulleted items are overall questions that are weighted separately from each section.
Bulleted items can introduce or summarize key points.
Bulleted items indicate specific factors that tend to enhance the application.
Bulleted items make the label more readable as does the larger type size.
Bulleted lists are a web writer's friends.
Bulleted lists are easy to see and encourage fly-by readership.
Bulleted lists are effective.
Bulleted lists are really cool.
Bulleted lists are very useful.
Bulleted lists translate nicely and are great for lists of information.
Bulleted points can also help break up material that contains lists.
Bulleted text containing the key points is standard.
Bulleted text is reader-friendly.
A bulletin board is a board
Bulletin board Have a look at our bulletin board for news, innovations, courses, etc.
Bulletin board is back in working order.
Bulletin board is up.
Bulletin board is very nice.
Bulletin board messages Easy.
Bulletin board provides .SSF and .DAT files.
Bulletin boards act as a filing system for a sender.
Bulletin boards are a particularly good place to find free or inexpensive software products.
Bulletin boards are a tool for facilitating that environment.
Bulletin boards are a wonderful teaching tool.
Bulletin boards are also available for messages and ride-share notices.
Bulletin boards are also more efficient than email for maintaining discussions.
Bulletin boards are also useful for displaying deadlines and section designs.
Bulletin boards are available for posting cards by students seeking roommates or accommodations.
Bulletin boards are available for posting.
Bulletin boards are available for questions, suggestions, and general comments.
Bulletin boards are available in laundry rooms for residents' use.
Bulletin boards are back in effect now.
Bulletin boards are boards.
Bulletin boards are difficult as well as costly to relocate.
Bulletin boards are electronic discussion forums.
Bulletin boards are electronic means of communicating that have been around for a long time.
Bulletin boards are essentially the same as discussion groups and newsgroups.
Bulletin boards are flat surfaces.
Bulletin boards are interactive.
Bulletin boards are okay, but very alarmist.
Bulletin boards are ongoing postings that anyone can read and reply to at any time.
Bulletin boards are perfect for the job.
Bulletin boards are really only one of the many tools out there.
Bulletin boards are similar to newsgroups in their function.
Bulletin boards are systems set up on a computer that is running bulletin board software.
Bulletin boards are text-based mechanisms, which allow users to read, write and post messages.
Bulletin boards are the forerunners of newsgroups and typically operate as stand-alone systems.
Bulletin boards are the preferred method of communication for large groups of people.
Bulletin boards are to be used for the posting of all notices.
Bulletin boards are useful for communication between students and instructor and among students.
Bulletin boards can be a great resource of information.
Bulletin boards can be seasonal.
Bulletin boards can contain all kinds of interesting tidbits.
Bulletin boards carry a lot of shareware.
Bulletin boards come in a variety of sizes and styles with different frame types or no frame at all.
Bulletin boards contain the opinions and views of other visitors.
Bulletin boards cover many different subjects, from cats to politics to relationships.
Bulletin Boards Create a topic.
Bulletin Boards Create translucent handmade slime in beautiful shapes and colors.
Bulletin boards display no announcements of after-school clubs or football team triumphs.
Bulletin boards display student work.
Bulletin Boards Get advice and support on a variety of vegetarian topics.
Bulletin Boards Get in contact with the industry.
Bulletin Boards Join the debate.
Bulletin Boards Learn to Read messages and Send messages to Bulletin Boards.
Bulletin boards line the walls of the room.
Bulletin boards located above the mail suites are also for general postings, unless otherwise noted.
Bulletin boards offer a unique opportunity for keeping members informed.
Bulletin boards offer children word attack strategies, with lists of spelling patterns and rhymes.
Bulletin boards offer information about training and other support programs.
Bulletin boards offer regional day trips.
Bulletin boards pose particular risks and are decidedly uncharted waters.
Bulletin boards present a case where there is a definite abuse of copyrights.
Bulletin boards provide visual reinforcement of subjects being taught in the classroom.
Bulletin boards reinforce good decision making and celebrate student success.
Bulletin boards represent work from all students.
Bulletin boards say a lot about campus life and the tone of the school.
Bulletin boards shout out reminders of the importance of education.
Bulletin boards teach, inform, inspire, and add a feeling of hominess to the classroom.
Most bulletin boards are free, but some charge for premium levels of access.
Most bulletin boards contain extensive lists of other bulletin boards, both local and national.
Most bulletin boards have notices or readme files listing their precautions.
Most bulletin boards serve specific interest groups.
Some bulletin boards are active long after the quarter or semester has ended.
Some bulletin boards are the business and the sole source of income for many individuals.
Some bulletin boards refuse to admit anonymous callers, while others limit access to certain areas.
A bulletin is a report
Bulletin appears monthly.
Bulletin Be descriptive for better search results.
Bulletin can offer thirty-three interdisciplinary courses, as well as having space and a budget.
Bulletin constitutes official gazette.
Bulletin contains our new selection of specialty tools.
Bulletin Covers new materials, applications, processing and news for the composites industry.
Bulletin d'etudes orientales .
Bulletin d'etudes orientales.
Bulletin is a Canadian manufacturer of a wide range of quality blank garments.
Bulletin is a weekly calendar of environmental events in the greater Boston area.
Bulletin is an English language series and presents scientific papers on Norwegian geology.
Bulletin is available.
Bulletin is distributed at the beginning of each week of the semester.
Bulletin is now available for viewing.
Bulletin is now available on the web.
Bulletin is now on-line.
Bulletin is published after computer editing.
Bulletin is published on a quarterly basis.
Bulletin is published weekly.
Bulletin is the weekly magazine of issues.
Bulletin is updated weekly.
Bulletin is very disturbing to anyone with feelings for living beings.
Bulletin isa information.
Bulletin provide complete details.
Bulletin provides a listing of upcoming meetings in the Calendar section of each issue.
Bulletin provides access to bulletin board news items.
Bulletin provides course information regarding certificate, graduate and doctoral degree programs.
Bulletin provides information about events occurring on campus and in the community.
Bulletin resumes publishing notes for all classes in each issue.
Bulletin supplements one and two are also available.
Bulletins address a single topic and are typically limited in geographic coverage or scope.
Bulletins also report the results of recent litigation and the effects of newly enacted legislation.
Bulletins analyze court cases and provide legislative updates.
Bulletins are also available in the counseling office.
Bulletins are also on packet.
Bulletins are available as well as several articles covering a variety of security issues.
Bulletins are available at any time.
Bulletins are available at our office.
Bulletins are available from any usher.
Bulletins are available here on the Internet, and copies of the Bulletin can be obtained on request.
Bulletins are available in the back of the church.
Bulletins are available.
Bulletins are free when acquired on campus.
Bulletins are here.
Bulletins are in pdf format.
Bulletins are less expensive to mail than catalogs.
Bulletins are on microfilm.
Bulletins are reports.
Bulletins are supplements to the following source.
Bulletins are the results of major completed research projects.
Bulletins contain explanatory background, a legal analysis of the issue, guidance and requirements.
Bulletins contain sample questions and good advice about preparing for the examination.
Bulletins describing graduate programs in chemistry are available from the department chair.
Bulletins generally bear retention dates of no more than a year.
Bulletins give account of Irish side in fight with Britain.
Bulletins give details.
Bulletins have the following menu bar.
Bulletins have their own masthead and are numbered serially each calendar year.
Bulletins listed below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Bulletins provide additional information.
Bulletins provide information.
Bulletins provide the latest information on computer security issues.
Bulletins represent a major writing effort.
Bulletins require no collation and stapling.
Bulletins See list of past bulletins.
Bulletins summarize new and proposed legislation.
Bulletins thereafter are in web format.
Bulletins treat a subject in more depth and contain more references than are cited in a digest.
All Bulletins are available as a pdf download.
All Bulletins contain information about or reports from Belgrade.
Many bulletins are available by phone at no cost as well.
Many bulletins are available in Adobe Acrobat format for easy printing.
Most bulletins give details.
Most bulletins provide information.
Some bulletins are collections of related reports on a specific topic.
Some bulletins contain references.
Some bulletins describe incidents.
Some bulletins describe symptoms.
Bulletproof bosses know how to listen.
Bulletproof glass surrounds the field to protect the fans.
Bulletproof glass varies in thickness from three-quarters of an inch to three inches.
Most bulletproof glass is regular glass, tempered.
A bulletproof vest is a cataphract
A bulletproof vest is a vest
Bulletproof vests are another part of that effort.
Bulletproof vests are body armor.
Bulletproof vests are one law enforcement's biggest costs.
Bulletproof vests are one of law enforcement's biggest costs.
Bulletproof vests are vests.
Bulletproof vests save lives.
Bulletproof vests save officers' lives.
A bullfight is a spectacle
Bullfights are a passion in Mazatlan.
Bullfights are especially enjoyable.
Bullfights are merciful compared to rodeos.
Bullfights are spectacles.
Bullfights occur every evening during the festival.
Bullfights always start promptly in Spain.
A bullfighter is a person
Bullfighters are people.
Bullfighters have to stand next to the bull.
Bullfighters now get fake ones instead.
Bullfighters raise pigeons for a hobby. . . .
A bullfinch is a finch
Bullfinches are beautiful, but handsome is as handsome does.
Bullfinches have glossy black wings and tail feathers.
Bullfrog tadpoles avoid predators.
Bullfrog tadpoles experience metamorphosis.
Bullfrog tadpoles reach length.
Most bullfrog tadpoles avoid predators.
A bullfrog is a toad
Bullfrog isa frog.
Bullfrog isa toad.
Bullfrogs adapt to environments.
Bullfrogs also have a good sense of vision and sense vibrations.
Bullfrogs are a dark green.
Bullfrogs are a problem because they have voracious appetites.
Bullfrogs are a source of food for Southern United States and the Midwestern United States .
Bullfrogs are a source of food for Southern United States and the Midwestern United States.
Bullfrogs are active at night .
Bullfrogs are active at night.
Bullfrogs are another animal that lives in and out of the pond.
Bullfrogs are bullies who grab anything alive that they think they can swallow.
Bullfrogs are difficult to capture on film as they are virtually impossible to sneak up on.
Bullfrogs are difficult to raise.
Bullfrogs are either brown or green .
Bullfrogs are either brown or green.
Bullfrogs are extremely territorial, as well.
Bullfrogs are found near sources.
Bullfrogs are frogs.
Bullfrogs are fussy eaters, preferring live insects that wiggle in their mouths before they swallow.
Bullfrogs are good at hearing .
Bullfrogs are good at hearing.
Bullfrogs are good hunters and extremely carnivorous.
Bullfrogs are green or brown in color with a white or yellow belly and dark legs.
Bullfrogs are insatiable and indiscriminate.
Bullfrogs are more active at night .
Bullfrogs are more active at night.
Bullfrogs are most active dawn and dusk.
Bullfrogs are native east of the Rocky Mountains and they prey upon pupfish here in California.
Bullfrogs are native to most of North America , Canada and Mexico .
Bullfrogs are native to most of North America, Canada and Mexico.
Bullfrogs are obviously a frustrated bunch.
Bullfrogs are one of the most common and prominent amphibians in all of North America.
Bullfrogs are open wherever fishing is open.
Bullfrogs are predators.
Bullfrogs are responsible for the decline of garter snakes in Mexico .
Bullfrogs are responsible for the decline of garter snakes in Mexico.
Bullfrogs are semi - aquatic frogs.
Bullfrogs are semi-aquatic frogs .
Bullfrogs are semi-aquatic frogs.
Bullfrogs are semi-aquatic.
Bullfrogs are sexually dimorphic , with males being smaller than females and having yellow throats.
Bullfrogs are territorial and work hard to protect their space.
Bullfrogs are the cause of the chytrid fungus spreading into Arizona .
Bullfrogs are the cause of the chytrid fungus spreading into Arizona.
Bullfrogs are true frogs.
Bullfrogs are used in biology classes in schools for dissection and are sometimes kept as pets .
Bullfrogs are usually green to greenish-brown.
Bullfrogs become common.
Bullfrogs begin to breed in wetlands, ponds, and shallow lakes between age four and eight.
Bullfrogs begin to emerge.
Bullfrogs breed once each year.
Bullfrogs can adapt and live almost anywhere if there is water nearby.
Bullfrogs can decrease the mosquito population .
Bullfrogs can decrease the mosquito population.
Bullfrogs can host many viruses , bacteria and parasites .
Bullfrogs can host many viruses, bacteria and parasites.
Bullfrogs can live up to fifteen years.
Bullfrogs can live up to four years .
Bullfrogs can live up to four years.
Bullfrogs can make an excellent meal.
Bullfrogs can reach a length of .
Bullfrogs can weigh up to .
Bullfrogs close their nostrils and continue to breathe through their skin while under water.
Bullfrogs do well in areas modified by humans.
Bullfrogs easily adapt to environments modified by human beings.
Bullfrogs eat animals.
Bullfrogs eat insects.
Bullfrogs eat mice and other small frogs.
Bullfrogs eat other amphibians.
Bullfrogs eat small mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and even other frogs.
Bullfrogs feed on insects, frogs and toads as well as small mammals, birds and reptiles.
Bullfrogs have (part) brains.
Bullfrogs have (part) breasts.
Bullfrogs have (part) cell membranes.
Bullfrogs have (part) cells.
Bullfrogs have (part) chest cavities.
Bullfrogs have (part) chests.
Bullfrogs have (part) corpi.
Bullfrogs have (part) cytoplasm.
Bullfrogs have (part) ears.
Bullfrogs have (part) faces.
Bullfrogs have (part) heads.
Bullfrogs have (part) nuclei.
Bullfrogs have (part) pedal extremities.
Bullfrogs have (part) plasma membranes.
Bullfrogs have (part) rib cages.
Bullfrogs have (part) sauces.
Bullfrogs have (part) sections.
Bullfrogs have (part) skulls.
Bullfrogs have (part) sterna.
Bullfrogs have (part) vacuoles.
Bullfrogs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Bullfrogs have a host of enemies.
Bullfrogs have appetite.
Bullfrogs have behaviour.
Bullfrogs have big appetite.
Bullfrogs have big warts that can come in handy.
Bullfrogs have characteristics.
Bullfrogs have diets.
Bullfrogs have eardrums behind their eyes.
Bullfrogs have eyes.
Bullfrogs have senses.
Bullfrogs have strong rear legs with completely webbed feet and are highly aquatic.
Bullfrogs have teeth on the top of their mouths .
Bullfrogs have teeth on the top of their mouths.
Bullfrogs have throats.
Bullfrogs have yellow throats.
Bullfrogs hide from predators.
Bullfrogs inhabit a pond at the base of the mountain, adding to the natural ambiance of the course.
Bullfrogs inhabit habitats.
Bullfrogs inhabit ponds.
Bullfrogs inhabit various habitats.
Bullfrogs live in large bodies of water such as swamps , lakes , and ponds .
Bullfrogs live in large bodies of water such as swamps, lakes, and ponds.
Bullfrogs live in most parts of Canada , Mexico and the United States .
Bullfrogs live in most parts of Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Bullfrogs live in ponds.
Bullfrogs live up to years.
Bullfrogs make good pets, too.
Bullfrogs make their loud, croaking calls during the night.
Bullfrogs now have no status in Minnesota.
Bullfrogs pass through several stages of development during their relatively brief life cycles.
Bullfrogs prefer larger streams and river banks, or large semi-permanent ponds and lakes.
Bullfrogs prefer warm, weedy, permanent ponds and lakes.
Bullfrogs reach maturity.
Bullfrogs reach sexual maturity.
Bullfrogs react strongly to movement.
Bullfrogs require oxygen.
Bullfrogs require warm water.
Bullfrogs require water.
Bullfrogs show emergence.
Bullfrogs usually inhabit permanent waters of river bays, lakes and large ponds.
Many bullfrogs are known to have many viruses and bacteria .
Many bullfrogs are known to have many viruses and bacteria.
Most bullfrogs adapt to environments.
Most bullfrogs are found near sources.
Most bullfrogs have behaviour.
Most bullfrogs have big appetite.
Most bullfrogs have characteristics.
Most bullfrogs have diets.
Most bullfrogs have eyes.
Most bullfrogs have senses.
Most bullfrogs have throats.
Most bullfrogs have yellow throats.
Most bullfrogs hide from predators.
Most bullfrogs inhabit various habitats.
Most bullfrogs live in ponds.
Most bullfrogs live up to years.
Most bullfrogs reach maturity.
Most bullfrogs reach sexual maturity.
Most bullfrogs require oxygen.
Most bullfrogs require warm water.
Some bullfrogs come into towns.
Some bullfrogs come out of hibernation.
Some bullfrogs eat dive beetles.
Some bullfrogs eat great dive beetles.
Some bullfrogs eat larvae.
Some bullfrogs have calls.
Some bullfrogs live in water.
Some bullfrogs occupy circular pits.
Some bullfrogs occupy small circular pits.
Some bullfrogs rely on aquatic prey.
Some bullfrogs rely on prey.
A bullhead catfish is a bony fish
Bullhead catfish are also fairly abundant throughout the lake.
Bullhead catfish have the wrong metabolic system and are the most susceptible to cancerous tumours.
Bullhead City is created.
Bullhead City is located in west-central Arizona, in Mohave County.
Bullhead City is one of Northern Arizona's sought after destinations.
Bullhead City is popular tourist spot.
Bullhead City is the fastest growing city in Arizona.
Bullhead City wants everyone to remain safe on the waters around the community.
A bullhead is a sculpin
Bullhead are omnivorous, feeding on invertebrates and vegetation and some small fish.
Bullheads are abundant.
Bullheads are catfishs.
Bullheads are dominant but some northern pike, panfish, and yellow perch are also present.
Bullheads are fairly large and abundant.
Bullheads are mostly bottom dwellers.
Bullheads are notorious hook swallowers, so keep plenty of hooks on hand.
Bullheads are omnivorous, feeding on invertebrates and vegetation and some small fish.
Bullheads are predominantly bottom feeders, making the use of a bobber or float unnecessary.
Bullheads are present.
Bullheads are sculpins.
Bullheads are somewhat smaller, square-tailed catfish found throughout Florida.
Bullheads continue to fill stringers.
Bullheads feed around the clock, but the night bite is usually best.
Bullheads have many colorful nicknames.
Bullheads provide plenty of action.
Bullheads tolerate pollution and common fish toxicants better then other fish.
Bullheads usually bite in two ways.
Bullion bars come in a wide range of sizes, and their weight is measured in troy ounces or grams.
Bullion coins are an excellent way to invest in precious metals.
Bullion coins have the added advantage of the recognition and acceptability of legal tender coins.
Bullion is a block
Bullion is also available.
Bullion is available in the form of ingots, bars, or wafers.
Bullion is fabricated in several forms, among which the two most predominant are bars and coins.
Bullion is independent of states, currencies, productivity, credit worthiness and such.
Bullion is precious metal.
Bullion is stored in treasury vaults at a chartered bank on a segregated basis.
Bullion meeting certain purity levels is also exempt.
Bullions are nominally the size for captains.
Bullish confirmation can come in the form of a gap up or strong close following the pattern.
Bullish divergence warns against being too bearish in the near-term.
Bullish investors can use spread betting to gamble on rising markets by opting for an up bet.
Bullish investors say that is proof stocks are likely to rally even if unemployment rises further.
Bullish reversals require a preceding downtrend and bearish reversals require a prior uptrend.
Bullish sentiment is rekindled as once again the voice of the buy the dip crowd strengthens.
Bullish sentiment remains a concern with very little break in the readings of late.
Bullnose steps stack upon each other and are a simple alternative to poured in place stairs.
Bullock County has some of the best hunting and fishing in the South.
Bullock County offers many parks and fishing lake for outdoor recreation.
Bullock museum brings bucks.
A bullock is a bull
A bullock is a young mammal
Bullock admits uncertainty but believes it to be soon.
Bullock begins with an idea, an impulse, a spur toward a mind field.
Bullock continues to be a dominating reliever.
Bullock does have an uncanny knack for creating sympathy.
Bullock emerges as a woman of serious self-confidence, but with sense of humour intact.
Bullock isa animal.
Bullock isa beast.
Bullock isa bull.
Bullock isa creature.
Bullock leads all returning Wolverines in free throw percentage.
Bullock plays beauty queen .
Bullock resides in Liverpool, England.
Bullock tends to always play a perky, semi-neurotic cutie, and it is beginning to tire people.
Bullocks are animals.
Bullocks are bulls.
Bullocks are cattle.
Bullocks are males.
Bullocks are young mammals.
Bullocks have (part) beef.
Bullocks have (part) bone cells.
Bullocks have (part) brains.
Bullocks have (part) breasts.
Bullocks have (part) cannon bones.
Bullocks have (part) chest cavities.
Bullocks have (part) chests.
Bullocks have (part) corpi.
Bullocks have (part) ears.
Bullocks have (part) faces.
Bullocks have (part) ground substances.
Bullocks have (part) heads.
Bullocks have (part) hip sockets.
Bullocks have (part) hoofs.
Bullocks have (part) horns.
Bullocks have (part) marrow.
Bullocks have (part) mast cells.
Bullocks have (part) piluses.
Bullocks have (part) rib cages.
Bullocks have (part) second stomachs.
Bullocks have (part) sections.
Bullocks have (part) skulls.
Bullocks have (part) sterna.
Bullocks often develop galls on their necks and suffer silently as they toil for their masters.
Bullous impetigo is a common infection among children aged two to six.
Bullous impetigo is primarily a staphylococcal disease.
A bullpen is an area
Bullpens are on the field down the lines.
Bullpens now invite fans to see professional baseball pitchers up close.
Bulls eye is the key focus and the rest is background.
Bull's eyes are part of targets.
Bullseye eyes wander onto the screen.
Bullseye glass is available, which is great for redecorating.
A bullshot is a cocktail
Bullshot retains less grit and rust, and that means less wear.
Bullshots now takes control of the Bud Light Championship cup.
Bully victims suffer emotional scars.
Bully victims suffer scars.
Bullies also report less feelings of closeness to their siblings.
Bullies also tend to play almost exclusively with younger children, who are easier to victimize.
Bullies appear to have little anxiety and to possess strong self-esteem.
Bullies are a different story.
Bullies are a pain in the brain.
Bullies are a problem for children in schools everywhere.
Bullies are afraid of failure.
Bullies are alive and well.
Bullies are all over the place.
Bullies are also angry.
Bullies are also more likely to develop criminal behaviors as adults.
Bullies are also more likely to use drugs and alcohol as adolescents.
Bullies are always big and ugly.
Bullies are always cowards.
Bullies are an important part of the insult picture.
Bullies are an ugly but very real part of childhood.
Bullies are attackers.
Bullies are bad for industry and millions of pounds are lost each year with the loss of manpower.
Bullies are capable of corners.
Bullies are cowards.
Bullies are everywhere.
Bullies are evil people.
Bullies are hoods.
Bullies are hostile and angry, throwing tantrums to get their way.
Bullies are inadequate, sad people with big problems of low self-esteem and poor ability.
Bullies are insecure children who combat their insecurity through aggression.
Bullies are insensitive.
Bullies are kids who are intentionally mean to other kids on a regular basis.
Bullies are kids who have tremendous low self-esteem.
Bullies are less likely to finish college or locate a good job.
Bullies are less likely to intimidate children who appear confident.
Bullies are less likely to intimidate children who are confident and resourceful.
Bullies are less likely to pick on a child in a group.
Bullies are located in schools.
Bullies are manipulative and have a tendency to humiliate or intimidate people.
Bullies are more likely to smoke, use alcohol and get poor grades.
Bullies Are often attention seekers.
Bullies are often children who have been victimized and have found a way to switch sides.
Bullies are often different from children who fight indiscriminately.
Bullies are often insecure people who lash out at co-workers or underlings they find threatening.
Bullies are often very aggressive.
Bullies are opportunists who normally strike when others are alone.
Bullies are people.
Bullies are popular children Wrong.
Bullies are prone to skin allergies it is a trial and error.
Bullies are quite another matter.
Bullies are reluctant to attack children who have defenders.
Bullies are repeat offenders.
Bullies are smart .
Bullies are tough people Wrong.
Bullies are unpopular.
Bullies are usually more popular with their peers than children who are simply aggressive.
Bullies are usually stronger or have better social-networking skills than their victims.
Bullies are usually the strongest or highest boys or girls in the school.
Bullies are very cunning and are expert at getting away with it.
Bullies are video games.
Bullies become even more determined when adults get involved.
Bullies believe only in strength.
Bullies can be dismissive and quite cruel.
Bullies can be either men or women,but are more likely to be male.
Bullies can be enemies or friends, relatives, neighbors or even teachers.
Bullies can be verbal or physical.
Bullies can be very effective in extracting what they desire from their victim.
Bullies come in both genders.
Bullies come most often from the rejected category, but they sometimes are popular children as well.
Bullies create more bullies.
Bullies discover the real power of solving problems without using force or intimidation.
Bullies do understand force.
Bullies dominate, blame and use others.
Bullies don t like witnesses.
Bullies enjoy bullying .
Bullies enjoy bullying.
Bullies enjoy having power over others.
Bullies enjoy the power of bullying, and making other people suffer.
Bullies evolve for many reasons, but bullied children survive on the strength of their homes.
Bullies exhibit self control and usually pick their victims and plan their attacks.
Bullies exist in the animal kindom.
Bullies feel truly safe only when they are engaged in making someone else feel truly un safe.
Bullies gain pleasure from bullying.
Bullies gain power in part because victims don t know how to react.
Bullies generally come from families where parents use physical means of discipline.
Bullies get into trouble.
Bullies get what they want in the short term, but typically get their due in the end by angry gangs.
Bullies grow up to be coaches, teachers, policeman, mangers etc.
Bullies harass and terrorize their victims, driving many into depression and isolation.
Bullies have (part) arms.
Bullies have (part) body substances.
Bullies have (part) cell membranes.
Bullies have (part) cells.
Bullies have (part) corpi.
Bullies have (part) cytoplasm.
Bullies have (part) heads.
Bullies have (part) human bodies.
Bullies have (part) legs.
Bullies have (part) material bodies.
Bullies have (part) necks.
Bullies have (part) nuclei.
Bullies have (part) personality.
Bullies have (part) plasma membranes.
Bullies have (part) sections.
Bullies have (part) vacuoles.
Bullies have attitude.
Bullies have heads.
Bullies have high rates of truancy and are likely to come from troubled families.
Bullies have negative attitude.
Bullies have particular behavior and personality traits.
Bullies have problems in and out of school as well with social isolation.
Bullies have problems that they take out on others.
Bullies have problems.
Bullies have resolve problems.
Bullies have same problems.
Bullies have social problems.
Bullies have to make all the decisions.
Bullies hold younger students hostage until they hand over their lunch money.
Bullies keep big fish because inside, they really are little people.
Bullies lack empathy and have trouble understanding the pain of others.
Bullies lack empathy for their victims and have difficulty feeling compassion.
Bullies like to be in charge, dominate, and assert their power.
Bullies like to be in control of situations, and enjoy inflicting injury on others.
Bullies like to express their opinions on people's names, colour, size and intelligence.
Bullies look for children who are passive, hesitant, and socially awkward.
Bullies love to get a reaction - it's 'fun'.
Bullies make people feel worthless.
Bullies never do.
Bullies only pick on people if they think they can get away with it.
Bullies only understand bully.
Bullies only win when their victims refuse to defend themselves.
Bullies ought to be made of sterner stuff.
Bullies play on fear.
Bullies poison their working environment with low morale, fear, anger, and depression.
Bullies prefer victims who suffer in silence.
Bullies really do have low self-esteem.
Bullies recognize fear and use it to their advantage.
Bullies run amok, and heartless teachers make their students' lives miserable.
Bullies seek a reaction of fear or frustration.
Bullies seek power.
Bullies seem to be the common factor in recent school shootings.
Bullies show little compassion for their victims.
Bullies silence their targets through fear.
Bullies suffer from insecurity and low self-esteem.
Bullies take pride in their bullying, in making kids feel bad.
Bullies tend to be stronger and bigger than other children their age.
Bullies tend to confident, aggressive, and lack empathy for the victim.
Bullies tend to look for their targets when they are alone.
Bullies tend to pick on people when they are on their own.
Bullies tend to pick on someone they see as 'different' in some way.
