Females deposit each egg in a hole under a crescent-shaped cut eaten in the fruit.
Females deposit eggs between the epidermis layers of leaves.
Females deposit eggs in twigs.
Females deposit eggs into dead or dying branches of a food plant.
Females deposit eggs on or inside flower buds or young fruit.
Females deposit eggs on or near the host plants.
Females deposit eggs on the host a few at a time.
Females deposit eggs on the host plants.
Females deposit eggs on the underside of leaves.
Females deposit eggs under the epidermis of the stem.
Females deposit eggs under the skin of peppers.
Females deposit eggs under their helmet-like, brown, black and tan mottled coverings.
Females deposit individual eggs or clusters of eggs in damp locations.
Females deposit large number of eggs near the surface of the water.
Females deposit light green ova either singly or in pairs on hostplant foliage.
Females deposit many small batches of eggs before they die.
Females deposit single eggs on young leaves or leaf buds of the host plants.
Females deposit single, direct-hatching eggs onto the surface of standing water.
Females deposit their clutches in the ground or within logs or debris.
Females deposit their egg capsules outdoors under old logs, stumps and firewood.
Females deposit their eggs in masses or strings, generally on open water.
Females deposit their eggs in protected locations under rocks, logs or tree bark.
Females deposit their eggs in the cottony eggmass produced by female mealybugs.
Females deposit their eggs in the ground, which is where larvae develop to adulthood.
Females deposit their eggs in the sand after mating, higher up the beach in the dunes.
Females deposit their eggs in the water on aquatic plants.
Females deposit their eggs in thick patches of annuals and grasses.
Females deposit their eggs into cocoon-like structures known as eggs sacs.
Females deposit their orange or yellow eggs in clusters.
Females desire large males and the size of the male determines the volume of the call.
Females determine sex.
Females determine the male courtship rates using sounds that are produced during signal jumps.
Females develop a dark brown ovipositor prior to egg laying.
Females develop a ring-shaped light organ around the mouth.
Females develop an external egg mass, or sponge, beneath their aprons.
Females develop as early an interest in science as males is good news.
Females develop inside the pupal case within the bag where the eggs are laid.
Females develop psoriatic arthritis slightly more commonly than males.
Females develop the same long green ovaries as kuhlis do.
Females develop their own traits in response.
Females develop through three instars and males develop through five.
Females die about four days after they cease to produce young.
Females die after laying all their eggs.
Females die after laying their eggs.
Females die before midsummer.
Females die immediately after spawning, at the age of three years.
Females die shortly after depositing eggs.
Females die shortly after the eggs hatch.
Females die soon after depositing their eggs in protected habitats on the ground.
Females differ from males in having greatly reduced eyes and vestigial wings.
Females dig dens in snowdrifts to protect their cubs from the harsh winter temperatures.
Females dig into the soil with the tip of the abdomen to lay eggs.
Females dig nest holes with their hind legs for laying eggs.
Females dig several nests to lay their eggs.
Females dig their tails into the sand to lay eggs, which are then fertilized by several males.
Females dig tunnels underneath fresh piles of dung where they mate and lay their eggs.
Females discharge a pheromone detected by the antennae of the males.
Females disperse shorter distances, settling closer to their birth range.
Females display a stronger preference for mating with bigger males.
Females display a stronger preference in mating with bigger males.
Females display estrus with large anogenital swellings.
Females display higher levels than males.
Females display more aggressive behavior than males.
Females display prominent estrus swelling.
Females do almost all of the nest construction.
Females do den up so they can have their cubs.
Females do indeed have a right to be treated with dignity and respect.
Females do look more into facial expressions and their related emotions.
Females do more than males especially in primates since they do gestation and lactation.
Females do most of our hunting.
Females do most of the caring and socializing of the young.
Females do most of the grooming in the group.
Females do most of the hunting.
Females do most of the nest building and generally display more frequently than males.
Females do much more poorly after stress, while males do much better in terms of new learning.
Females do nor hover but crawl up vegetation and take flight through the swarm of hovering males.
Females do occasionally die during the birthing process or suffer expensive medical complications.
Females do require more forethought for obvious reasons.
Females do their flashing closer to the ground, usually while hanging out in bushes or grass.
Females do, however, often exhibit 'lekking' or defending small patches within a common area.
Females does sit quietly during courtship from male, which dips, dances and buzzes.
Females dominate the social hierarchy and are larger than males.
Females drab but colorful.
Females drink blood so they can get protein to develop their eggs.
Females drink less frequently than males.
Females drive away other females while males try to get rid off other males.
Females drive away other females, while males try to ward off other males.
Females drop off the host in the fall to continue the cycle.
Females drop off their host in spring and lay their eggs in the leaf litter.
Females drop their eggs by washing the tip of the abdomen just below the water's surface.
Females drum their legs against the plant, which releases plant juices.
Females earn rank in the group through childbirth and by bonding with the higher ranking females.
Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings .
Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings.
Females eat blood before they lay eggs.
Females eat more in preparation for laying eggs.
Females eat more insects and males more meat.
Females eat more insects when nursing offspring as their protein requirements increase.
Females eat more krill while males tend to eat more fish.
Females eat more squid, Loligo sanpaulensis , than males.
Females emerge and immediately fly up and down over the stream just a few feet above the surface.
Females emerge and mate and require one or more blood meals in order to mature eggs.
Females emerge around bloom to lay eggs on fruit.
Females emerge from the pupal case but remain in the larval bag.
Females emerge later than males.
Females emerge singly about a week later.
Females emigrate to new groups.
Females emit a distinct series of high-pitched whistles to advertise their receptivity.
Females emit a loud quack, while the male's call is more of a muttering.
Females emit a potent sex attractant which lures the male moths.
Females emit a screeching sound during the breeding season and to call fawns.
Females emit a special sound to indicate that they are fertile.
Females encapsulate hundreds of eggs in a sheath that is made of many layers of protein .
Females encase their eggs in a silken cocoon.
Females end up with more, males with less.
Females enforce their co-dominant status by mutual support when status is threatened.
Females engage in mutual genital rubbing.
Females engaging in extra-pair copulations obtain no direct benefits from the cuckolderer.
Females enter estrus every three to nine weeks and are receptive for three to six days.
Females enter estrus just a few hours after giving birth and soon mate again.
Females enter estrus only once per year and raise one litter per year.
Females enter estrus, or heat, several times a year.
Females enter the lek on their first day of estrus and mate with one or more males.
Females especially prize the latter for oviposition.
Females establish a dominance hierarchy.
Females evaluate the tail shaking behavior as part of selecting their mate.
Females even gather in flocks to aggressively compete for each single male.
Females eventually drop an egg case which remains on the pool bottom after the pool dries.
Females eventually mature reproductively, settle and begin egg deposition.
Females excavate a nest above the high- tide line with their flippers.
Females excavate an egg gallery under the bark, running parallel to the wood grain.
Females excrete estrogen in their fecal matter.
Females exercise some choice in their mates.
Females exert directional selection on dominant frequency.
Females exhibit a pronounced sexual swelling during ovulation.
Females exhibit a rejection posture when a male attempts copulation.
Females exhibit monthly genital swelling.
Females exhibit none of the bright coloration of the male.
Females exhibit significantly longer elimination half-lives than males.
Females exhibit signs of heat.
Females expect to spend less than males on content in the next year.
Females experience a long post-reproductive phase similar to menopause.
Females experience an average life expectancy about six years longer than males.
Females experience oestrous cycle, during which their body prepares itself for pregnancy.
Females extend a scent gland from the posterior of the abdomen to lure in the night flying males.
Females exude a gelatinous matrix that serves to protect the nematode eggs.
Females fall and roll to throw off males if they are unreceptive.
Females favor males that sing longer, more complex songs.
Females favor succulent leaves and young shoots for egg laying.
Females feed about three or four times in their adult lives.
Females feed for an extra week to put on the fat necessary to produce eggs.
Females feed higher in the trees and eat more leaves than males.
Females feed in the morning and early evening.
Females feed mostly on mammals and sometimes on birds.
Females feed on a sugar source, mate, feed on blood, and eventually lay eggs.
Females feed on blood only to obtain protein for egg production.
Females feed on developing and emerged bees.
Females feed primarily on birds.
Females feed readily on mammals, amphibians and reptiles, with birds being somewhat less attractive.
Females feed the young and stay at or near the nest until the downy youngsters feather out.
Females feel more delicate when being held while the males feel heavier and more muscular.
Females fight for beach space or cover themselves with sand and nurse their young.
Females fight for space and resources and males fight for reproductive access.
Females fight less than males.
Females fight less with friends and more with family members and dates than male students.
Females fight with females, males fight with males.
Females figure only peripherally, usually as subservient appendages of potent men.
Females fill the majority of the senior positions.
Females find a suitable site, usually with dry soil, sparse vegetation and a southern exposure.
Females find dominance and power preferable in a man.
Females find iridescent feathers attractive.
Females find it attractive, and other males are repelled.
Females find nest sites and build nests out of strips of bark, cobwebs, and saliva.
Females first breed in their second year.
Females first breed when they're one year old.
Females flare too but as aggresive.
Females flick their tongues at males to solicit mating.
Females fly above the swarms and are spotted by the males swarming below.
Females fly into fields at night to lay their eggs.
Females fly into soybeans in small numbers and begin dispersed colonies.
Females fly on the surface of the water, dip the abdomen onto the surface and lay the eggs.
Females fly through the swarm and are grabbed by males out of the air.
Females fly to the same spot one after another to add their ova, to make batches of great numbers.
Females follow a week or two later.
Females follow in about two weeks.
Females follow, maturing at four to five years of age.
Females form a flat, slightly rounded cone with rich golden tones.
Females form family groups while males form bachelor herds.
Females form herds of their own with juveniles of both sexes.
Females form herds that include their young and other cows.
Females form large nursery colonies in buildings or caves.
Females form maternity colonies in summer, preferring tunnels and caves.
Females form maternity colonies of up to several hundred individuals which disperse in the fall.
Females form maternity colonies.
Females form maternity roosts in rock crevices and caves, and leave young hanging while they forage.
Females form small breeding colonies of only a few individuals.
Females form stable core, males migrate.
Females form the core and are friendly to each other, sharing baby care.
Females form the core of the group and defend the territory.
Females form the core of the group, and defend the territory.
Females form the core, led by a dominant female.
Females form the stable core and have a clear stable hierarchy.
Females form the stable core of the troop, all males emigrate to other troops when mature.
Females freely change membership among the harems, and males are kicked once they reach adolescence.
Females function more efficiently in endurance events than do performance-matched males.
Females gain sexual maturity at three and males at two.
Females gather food and protect their babies against predators.
Females gather in nursery colonies in attics, barns, and tree cavities.
Females generally are brachypterous.
Females generally are larger than males.
Females generally are looser in body motion and more relaxed over all.
Females generally are smaller than males.
Females generally arrive several days to a week later.
Females generally assist the male to care for the last brood of the season.
Females generally become drunk faster than males.
Females generally begin to incubate the day the last egg is laid.
Females generally build the nest and incubate the young.
Females generally choose the mate.
Females generally emerge earlier than males.
Females generally give birth by age ten to eleven in captivity and thirteen to fifteen in the wild.
Females generally give birth once a year.
Females generally give birth to a single calf every three to five years.
Females generally give birth to one calf at a time.
Females generally give birth to only three or four surviving young during their reproductive life.
Females generally guard the nests until the eggs have hatched.
Females generally have a higher voice than the males.
Females generally have a lower pitched voice than males.
Females generally have a milder hearing loss than their male relatives if they have one at all.
Females generally have four mammae.
Females generally have greater flexibility than males.
Females generally have one calf about every two years.
Females generally have paler markings than males.
Females generally have several litters per year.
Females generally have smaller home ranges than males.
Females generally incubate the eggs for greater proportions of the time than do males.
Females generally live longer than males.
Females generally mate first time as yearlings.
Females generally migrate earlier.
Females generally play no part in caring for the chicks.
Females generally remain in the same social order.
Females generally reproduce every two years.
Females generally reproduce in their second year.
Females generally spend less time using their computers for work than do males.
Females generally weight between forty and fifty pounds.
Females generate dollars on dairy farms, so their importance is assured.
Females get an all area lift ticket, group lesson, ski or snowboard rental, lunch and snowtubing.
Females get better at digging, covering, and camouflaging nests over time.
Females get first pickings and are often found foraging for very new leaves.
Females get half of their mother's chromosomes, but all of their fathers chromosomes.
Females get much bigger than males.
Females get preferential treatment.
Females get the hiccups only one-quarter as often as males do.
Females get three times as large as males, which are little larger than a person's hand.
Females get to respond.
Females give a dry rattle, males a slower rolling note.
Females give birth about every five years.
Females give birth at different times of the year depending on where they are found .
Females give birth at different times of the year depending on where they are found.
Females give birth during hibernation.
Females give birth during the spring and summer.
Females give birth every four to five years and their gestation period is eight to nine months.
Females give birth every four to twenty years, and care for the calves for more than a decade.
Females give birth every other year.
Females give birth every two to three years to one calf.
Females give birth every two to three years.
Females give birth in a burrow, bearing two to three young after a five-week pregnancy.
Females give birth in a protected spot in either the grass or the brush.
Females give birth in an isolated area away from the group.
Females give birth in burrows abandoned by aardvarks or porcupines .
Females give birth in nests that are made in the hollow of a tree.
Females give birth in the spring and late summer.
Females give birth in the spring and summer, typically to one to four young.
Females give birth in the spring.
Females give birth in their burrows and young remain underground for several weeks as they mature.
Females give birth in thick cover, and calves remain hidden for the first three to four months.
Females give birth in well protected areas such as a dense thorn thicket or hollow tree.
Females give birth on land, ice, or shallow water so that the pups can breathe.
Females give birth once a year to a single offspring after a gestation period of about six months.
Females give birth once a year, usually to one or two fawns.
Females give birth only about two weeks after mating.
Females give birth standing up and nurse the young for two months.
Females give birth standing upright.
Females give birth through their penis-like clitoris.
Females give birth to a litter of one to six young.
Females give birth to a single baby after a gestation period of about six months.
Females give birth to a single baby.
Females give birth to a single calf after about a years gestation.
Females give birth to a single calf either on land or in the water.
Females give birth to a single calf in tropical or subtropical waters in winter.
Females give birth to a single calf once every two to four years.
Females give birth to a single calf once every two to three years.
Females give birth to a single calf under normal conditions.
Females give birth to a single infant which is carried by the male a good part of the time.
Females give birth to a single pup every year on the pack ice.
Females give birth to a single pup which is fed on thick, rich milk.
Females give birth to a single pup.
Females give birth to a single young after a gestation period around six months.
Females give birth to a single young after a gestation period of about seven months.
Females give birth to a single young approximately two days after arrival on shore.
Females give birth to a single young that weighs just over a kilogram.
Females give birth to a single young, and ocassionally two can be produced.
Females give birth to a single young.
Females give birth to a single, precocial offspring.
Females give birth to about one baby a year.
Females give birth to an average of six young per litter with two litters per year being the norm.
Females give birth to approximately.
Females give birth to calves about once every two or three years.
Females give birth to calves every two to three years.
Females give birth to calves in shallow water.
Females give birth to cubs every other year if food sources are sufficiently plentiful.
Females give birth to just a single infant every two years.
Females give birth to litters of two to five babies.
Females give birth to live female nymphs.
Females give birth to live female young.
Females give birth to live young and multiply rapidly.
Females give birth to live young in the late summer or fall.
Females give birth to live young on a shallow pile of white waxy secretions.
Females give birth to live young, which they carry around on their backs.
Females give birth to living young.
Females give birth to one and sometimes two young.
Females give birth to one baby at a time.
Females give birth to one baby.
Females give birth to one calf after a nine-month pregnancy.
Females give birth to one calf after about nine months.
Females give birth to one calf every two or three years.
Females give birth to one litter per year, in spring or early summer.
Females give birth to one or two young ones.
Females give birth to one pup after a gestation period of six to eight months.
Females give birth to one pup on land in the spring or summer.
Females give birth to one pup yearly on pack ice, away from the edges of ice floes.
Females give birth to one to five cubs after a gestation of about three and a half months.
Females give birth to one to four kittens.
Females give birth to one to three cubs, usually two.
Females give birth to one young per breeding season.
Females give birth to one, occasionally two, large babies, after a pregnancy of six to seven months.
Females give birth to only one baby at a time after a three-month gestation.
Females give birth to only one bat during each reproduction cycle.
Females give birth to only one pup each year.
Females give birth to several litters a year, each litter containing from one to eight young.
Females give birth to single calves every two to three years on average.
Females give birth to six pups at a time.
Females give birth to their young in tree cavities.
Females give birth to twins in the spring.
Females give birth to two or three cubs, which they raise and train for about two years.
Females give birth to two to five pups after each gestation period.
Females give birth to two to four young each year in one of the group's burrows.
Females give birth to two to three young.
Females give birth to young while they hang from tree limbs by their hooklike claws.
Females give birth two months later to a litter of pups.
Females give birth two or three times a year.
Females give birth, on average, only once every eight years.
Females give birth.
Females give booming rallying calls, very loud 'pyows' and alarm hacks.
Females give live birth after ll weeks of gestation.
Females give live birth to an average of ten young in the late summer months.
Females give live birth to the pups on land.
Females give off an oder that males pick up when they are ready to mate.
Females give toad-like croaks when on the move.
Females glue their eggs to coarse sand or fine gravel as males swim through, fertilizing the eggs.
Females go for independent types who are confident.
Females go for quality rather than quantity.
Females go from .
Females go into estrus up to nine times a year.
Females go into their estrus, or heat cycle, for four to six days at a time.
Females go off on their own to give birth.
Females go the great lengths to protect their young.
Females go through a hazing process with the older females.
Females go through three growth stages prior to reaching maturity while the male goes through five.
Females go to a tree with their infant.
Females go to horses only to lay their eggs.
Females groom most often with the members of their immediate family.
Females grow a little faster than the male and probably live longer than the males.
Females grow as much as three faster than males.
Females grow at a slightly faster rate than males.
Females grow faster and attain larger sizes than do males.
Females grow faster and larger than males.
Females grow faster and live longer and thus are better for stocking.
Females grow faster and live longer than males.
Females grow faster and reach a greater ultimate size than males.
Females grow faster than males and often have greater potential of becoming much larger.
Females grow larger and have a more rounded body.
Females grow larger and live longer than males.
Females grow larger than males .
Females grow larger than males.
Females grow larger, and, beginning at maturation, tend to be longer at a given age.
Females grow more quickly than males.
Females grow more rapidly and attain a larger maximum size than males.
Females grow more rapidly than males.
Females grow much larger than males, and are silent.
Females grow much larger than the males.
Females grow significantly larger than males.
Females grow slightly faster and probably live longer than males.
Females grow slightly larger than males and display more variation in weight.
Females grow slightly larger than males.
Females grow smaller and fewer bristles.
Females grow to about one inch, while males grow to about half an inch.
Females grow to about three feet.
Females grow up to a foot long with males half as big.
Females guard the eggs.
Females guard the nest.
Females guard their egg clutches until they hatch, but leave soon after that.
Females guard their eggs from other earwigs, and fight with any intruders.
Females guard their nest sites and often nest in sites excavated by Cuban crocodiles .
Females guard their nests until death, which comes within days of spawning.
Females guard their redds until death, which comes within days of spawning .
Females guard their redds until death, which comes within days of spawning.
Females hang in a hammock-like position when giving birth.
Females has two teats and a rear opening pouch.
Females have a backward opening pouch with two teats inside.
Females have a backward-facing pouch.
Females have a beige or gray-buffy pelage.
Females have a blue crown and white throat , breast and belly .
Females have a blue crown and white throat, breast and belly.
Females have a bright pink bottom that signals to males when they are fertile.
Females have a broader abdomen and are more rounded than the male.
Females have a brood pouch from which active young are liberated under favorable conditions.
Females have a brown back and head with a pale belly.
Females have a brown head and gray body that is lighter on the breast and darker toward the rear.
Females have a buffy eye stripe, a white semicircle below the eye, and a small white wing spot.
Females have a charcoal-brown face.
Females have a cloaca, one opening that serves digestive and reproductive functions.
Females have a clutch size of three to five eggs.
Females have a common urinary and genital duct.
Females have a complete, mostly defensive venomous device.
Females have a complex linear hierarchy .
Females have a complex linear hierarchy.
Females have a crushing, and males often a clutching, dentition.
Females have a dark or black kite-shaped pattern on the forehead.
Females have a dark patch on the crown .
Females have a darker body than the males.
Females have a discharge of pus.
Females have a distinct pouch.
Females have a dull orange bill.
Females have a faint tubercle or none at all.
Females have a filiform type antennae whereas males have a moniliform configuration.
Females have a flat or convex plastron - so there is more space for eggs.
Females have a flat plastron.
Females have a fold of abdominal skin that forms a fur lined pouch.
Females have a forward opening pouch with four teats.
Females have a full, wine red stomach.
Females have a fuller body and rounded anal and dorsal fins.
Females have a genital slit closer to the tail and have mammary slits on either side.
Females have a gonad consisting of a combined ovary and yolk gland.
Females have a gravid spot which is a dark spot near their vent.
Females have a higher rate of testing as a gonorrhea test is part of yearly gynecological exams.
Females have a higher rate of testing as chlamydia tests are part of yearly gynecological exams.
Females have a higher tendency to groom males in multimale groups than in unimale groups.
Females have a homologous pair of X chromosomes.
Females have a larger abdomen ending in an ovipositor, or egg-laying organ.
Females have a larger abdomen than males but males have longer and thinner legs with a slim body .
Females have a larger abdomen than males but males have longer and thinner legs with a slim body.
Females have a larger hippocampus than males in the brood parasitic brown-headed cowbird.
Females have a larger size potential.
Females have a less prominent plume and lack black coloration and red head cap.
Females have a light tan head, neck and chest and a black stomach.
Females have a lighter abdomen with a dark rectangular spot in the middle.
Females have a litter of two cubs every three and a half years.
Females have a long tail, but they barely show signs of the developments found in males.
Females have a longer beak and longer back toe.
Females have a longer more attenuated vulvar lamina.
Females have a loud and prolonged threat vocalization.
Females have a loud quack which ducks are known for.
Females have a lower center of gravity than males.
Females have a lower fatality rate than their male counterparts.
Females have a more triangular fin.
Females have a much higher rate of emigration from their natal group than do males.
Females have a much larger range than males.
Females have a much smaller home range usually within the territory of a male.
Females have a much smaller home range.
Females have a pair of ovaries consisting of a variable number of ovarioles .
Females have a paler red colour and the black margin is very narrow and faint.
Females have a pinkish tinge to the base of the beak, males a bluish tinge.
Females have a plate-like thelycum at the base of the last pair of walking legs.
Females have a pouch in the navel area.
Females have a pouch in which the young live and drink milk.
Females have a pouch to carry their offspring in.
Females have a pouch to carry their young.
Females have a practice of abandoning their young.
Females have a range of mating behaviors.
Females have a red crown but no throat patches.
Females have a red patch on the flanks.
Females have a reddish brown coat, small horns, no hump and are smaller in size than male Banteng.
Females have a reddish to brown coat and a gray face.
Females have a rufous breast and belly .
Females have a rufous breast and belly.
Females have a scream, but males bark, grunt, and pant-hoot.
Females have a sharp ovipositor to pierce the stems of aquatic plants.
Females have a short oestrus period during winter.
Females have a short, narrow tail while males have a realtively long, thick tail.
Females have a simple slit.
Females have a simple, conical tail.
Females have a single pair of inguinal mammae.
Females have a single pair of mammae in the chest region, and the males have a penis bone.
Females have a single pair of mammae, located at the sides of the body, almost in the armpits.
Females have a single pair of mammae, located pectorally.
Females have a single pair of mammary glands.
Females have a single young per litter.
Females have a small slit opening and no patch of bare skin.
Females have a small tubercle instead of a horn.
Females have a smaller pointed nose .
Females have a smaller pointed nose.
Females have a smoother thorax with very small bumps or none at all.
Females have a specials sound to indicate that they are fertile.
Females have a sting , which they use for piercing and egg laying .
Females have a sting, which they use for piercing and egg laying.
Females have a stinger at the tip of the abdomen.
Females have a stinger, but are very docile.
Females have a tapered abdomen that ends in a pointed egg laying tube called the ovipositor.
Females have a tendency to have close bonds with their maternal relatives throughout their lives.
Females have a tough, spiky exoskeleton while males are winged and can fly away from danger.
Females have a typical quacking call, males a took-took .
Females have a ventral blotch similar to that seen on macmasteri-group females.
Females have a ventral pouch containing the nipples.
Females have a ventral surface which is uniformly white with mottled blue on the throat.
Females have a very small, black mask and bib.
Females have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
Females have a vocalization that signals their approaching sexual receptivity.
Females have a vulva, clitoris, vagina, uterus, and ovaries.
Females have a web of relationships while men are more narrow.
Females have a well-developed pouch and four mammae.
Females have a well-developed pouch and two mammae.
Females have a white chin and breast and males are all black.
Females have a white patch on the throat.
Females have a white throat.
Females have a whitish neck.
Females have a yellow chin and orange eyes.
Females have a yellow head and are olive on the back, with dark wings and tail.
Females have a yellow or cream throat.
Females have a yellow saddle patch on the back of their rump.
Females have a yellow throat and breast, the head and back is streaked with dark brown.
Females have a yellowish abdomen with two longitudinal black lines on the dorsal surface.
Females have absolutely no problem.
Females have an abdominal pouch.
Females have an advantage over males for finding and eating food because both their claws are small.
Females have an almost unlimited orgasmic potential.
Females have an average of five pups.
Females have an entirely black upper surface, occasionally tinged with a reddish coppery hue.
Females have an external pouch in the skin of the abdomen.
Females have an olive-green head and breast.
Females have an ovary, oviduct, oviducal, nidamental, and accessory nidimental glands.
Females have an XX pair of sex sex chromosomes, while males have an XY pair.
Females have anterior and posterior branches to their uterus.
Females have as many as twenty young per year, in several large litters.
Females have as many as twenty-two teats and give birth to litters of fifteen to twenty young.
Females have babies every three to four years.
Females have babies twice a year.
Females have between four and five eggs at a time .
Females have between four and five eggs at a time.
Females have black and glittery gold wing markings while males have pale, translucent wings.
Females have black and gray feathers while males are practically all white.
Females have black bibs on their throats wheras males' throats are white.
Females have black fur on their heads.
Females have bright green faces with yellow green above the cere between the eyes.
Females have bright yellow on their faces between their eyes.
Females have broad plates on their jaws to help crush prey.
Females have broader tails than males so they can hold eggs there.
Females have brown backs, dark faces, white cheeks and beards.
Females have brown ceres.
Females have brown eyes and a flat plastron.
Females have brown plumage with a brown beak and juveniles are mottled, with a rufous hue.
Females have brown wing tips.
Females have brownish gray upperparts.
Females have brownish-gray upper parts.
Females have brownish-orange beaks, while males have yellow beaks.
Females have buff-brown plumage speckled with darker brown and black throughout the year.
Females have bumps on their head instead of horns.
Females have but a day or so to locate another flowering fig and tunnel into a flower.
Females have calves, and they already snort, having spred ears wide.
Females have clear wings.
Females have colorful worm-like patterns of green and black mottling on the back.
Females have conspicuous yellow color on the dorsum of the abdomen.
Females have cream with brown speckled breast feathers.
Females have cubs every other year.
Females have cyclic pink perineal swelling.
Females have dark brown eyes.
Females have dark narrow bands across their forewings.
Females have dark wing margins and a brick-red patch on the top of the hindwing.
Females have darker foliage and appear bluish when covered with berries.
Females have deeper and broader bodies and males have longer rayed fins.
Females have distinctly more distended abdomens.
Females have dull red, brick, or chestnut faces.
Females have dusky wings and two white wing bars.
Females have eight mammae.
Females have eight, nine or ten nipples, with a mean of nine.
Females have excellent mothering instincts.
Females have far greater mental health needs and greater risk factors than males.
Females have far more subdued coloration than the males.
Females have fewer bars on the breast, and their upper parts are more brownish.
Females have fewer, smaller teeth than do males.
Females have fine threadlike antennae with few hairs, whereas males have bushy antennae.
Females have five pairs of mammae.
Females have five pairs of teats , running from the pectoral to the inguinal regions.
Females have flat or slightly convex plastrons, short, thin tails, and dark red or brown eyes.
Females have four inguinal mammae.
Females have four mammae and a well developed pouch.
Females have four mammae and a well-developed pouch that opens forward.
Females have four mammae and a well-developed pouch.
Females have four mammae but no pouch.
Females have four mammae in a small but distinct pouch.
Females have four mammae in a well-developed pouch.
Females have four mammae in the pouch.
Females have four mammae, one for each armadillo pup.
Females have four mammae, two pectoral and two inguinal.
Females have four mammae.
Females have four or six mammae.
Females have four pairs of mammae.
Females have four pairs of teats.
Females have four pairs of thoracic mammae that are situated well up on the sides of the body.
Females have four pairs of ventral mammae.
Females have four pectoral mammae.
Females have four teats .
Females have four teats far back on the abdomen.
Females have four teats, while sheep and goat females have only two that are functional.
Females have four teats.
Females have four to seven pairs of mammae.
Females have four to six mammae.
Females have four to six pups each spring.
Females have four white bands on the abdomen.
Females have frisky cubs lying on their backs or peeking out from their embrace.
Females have from four to six pairs of teats .
Females have from four to six pairs of teats.
Females have from two to four pairs of mammae.
Females have genitals located above the anus.
Females have gray heads, forelimbs and shoulders, with a dark back and a white beard.
Females have gray, oyster-shaped armor and are less conspicuous.
Females have gray-blue to olive bodies.
Females have gray-brown backs and tails, and lighter underparts.
Females have greater reproductive variance than males'.
Females have hairs on the underside of the abdomen adapted for carrying pollen.
Females have horns that are thinner, shorter and usually straighter than male counterparts.
Females have hypoplastic uteri and hyperemic ovaries with no detectable corpora lutea.
Females have iridescent green necks and their little crest feathers are rusty colored.
Females have it closer to the shell.
Females have it two to three times more often than males.
Females have just slightly hairy antennae like that of mosquitoes.
Females have large bills, short tails and distinctive call notes.
Females have large black areas on the middle and back portion of the abdomen caused by mating.
Females have large clutches.
Females have large eggs with yolk to nourish the young through development.
Females have large, grooved swellings projecting behind the shell.
Females have larger abdomens in comparison to the males .
Females have larger abdomens in comparison to the males.
Females have larger home ranges than the males, and both sexes are territorial.
Females have larger pelvic girdles, so their rear feet register to the outside of the front feet.
Females have lateral, yellow spots on their abdomens.
Females have legs.
Females have less asymmetry than males between left and right hemispheric cortical thickness.
Females have less range then males.
Females have less severe disease.
Females have light green faces with no yellow.
Females have light green yellow faces.
Females have light pinkish markings.
Females have light throats and are usually fatter than males during the breeding season.
Females have light throats.
Females have lighter gray-brown heads than males .
Females have lighter gray-brown heads than males.
Females have litters of four or fewer young, which they suckle for about four months.
Females have litters of one to four cubs, which are blind and helpless at birth.
Females have litters of one to six cubs, usually two or three.
Females have litters up to twice a year.
Females have long gestation periods and give birth to just a few young.
Females have long ovipositor.
Females have longer fingers than the males.
Females have males that climb on to their backs and remain there.
Females have mammary glands under the fins from which their calves suckle.
Females have marginally higher pass rates than males.
Females have milder disease.
Females have more body fat than males.
Females have more brown coloring overall.
Females have more brown, gray, and subdued hues.
Females have more dark markings.
Females have more dermal fat, distributed differently.
Females have more extensive areas of black.
Females have more flexible ego boundaries, are more present oriented and more subjective.
Females have more normal jaws.
Females have more of a brownish-white body with tinges of red on their crest, wings and tail.
Females have more pain receptors in the skin.
Females have more subtle yellows, browns, and some orange.
Females have more than twice the risk of males.
Females have neither the antlers nor the fangs.
Females have no antlers.
Females have no estrous swelling.
Females have no family rank.
Females have no fin colors.
Females have no horn, or a small knob at the end of the snout.
Females have no horns and a dark patch on the crown.
Females have no important muscular development of the neck and shoulders.
Females have no place in the infantry, artillery, or armor.
Females have no wings, and move by crawling short distances or by being blown in air currents.
Females have no wings, legs, or mouthparts, and remain within their bags.
Females have noticeably smaller tail spikes, which are slightly bent toward the body.
Females have nubs and tufts of hair where males have antlers.
Females have offspring every other year.
Females have olive backs and orange-yellow bellies.
Females have on average one infant every two years.
Females have one baby at a time, which at birth is the size of a jellybean.
Females have one calf every four years.
Females have one litter a year.
Females have one litter every other year.
Females have one litter per year.
Females have one medially placed teat in a well-developed pouch, which opens anteriorly.
Females have one or two pairs of functional mammae.
Females have one pair of abdominal mammae and one pair of inguinal mammae.
Females have one pair of inguinal and one pair of lateral thoracic mammae.
Females have one pair of mammae in the chest region.
Females have one pair of mammae located in the chest region.
Females have one teat and are often heavier than males.
Females have one to seven cubs in early summer.
Females have one young, with twins being a rarity.
Females have only a red nape and lores.
Females have only a single pair of mammae.
Females have only four mammae.
Females have only one mating partner, while males often mate with more than one female.
Females have only one pup per year, although twins or quadruplets occur in a few species.
Females have only one X chromosome and males have two.
Females have orange beaks.
Females have orange bills while immature males have blackish ones.
Females have organs that produce a green or yellow light on their trunks .
Females have organs that produce a green or yellow light on their trunks.
Females have overlapping ranges belonging to several males.
Females have paler, whitish underparts.
Females have persistant red berries in winter.
Females have posterior stinging organ.
Females have postpartum estrus.
Females have pouch to carry their babies .
Females have pouch to carry their babies.
Females have pouches that open anteriorly and contain four mammae.
Females have preferential access to food and other resources.
Females have reddish wings but are darker from the wrist to the tip of the wing and reddish backs.
Females have reddish-brown wings and banded tails.
Females have reddish-brown wings with black barring.
Females have red-tipped claws.
Females have relatively small, backward-curving dorsal fins.
Females have rings of white feathers around the eye and the base of the bill.
Females have rufous tails and many black bars.
Females have rufous wings and multiple black bands on their tail.
Females have rust-colored tails with numerous thin black bars.
Females have rusty wings, back and tail, all marked with black barring.
Females have rusty wings, back, and tail, all marked with black barring.
Females have several reproductive problems of their own.
Females have short and petite plumes.
Females have short and thin hair but longer and stronger in males.
Females have short gray body hair and are lighter on the ventrum.
Females have short skirts and long hair.
Females have short, stubby tails and shorter claws.
Females have short, stubby tails.
Females have short, velvety fur in many different colors.
Females have shorter foreclaws, shorter and thinner tails, and tend to be larger.
Females have shorter lifespans than males so males tend to be more popular as pets.
Females have shorter tusks, or none at all.
Females have shorter wings and are darker in color than the males.
Females have shorter, curved horns which point inwards.
Females have single silvery-white spots on their backs and males have scattered white spots.
Females have six mammae.
Females have six nipples.
Females have six or eight mammae.
Females have slighter tails with the cloacae opening within shell boundaries.
Females have slightly longer but thinner horns.
Females have slightly paler plumage.
Females have slimmer blue-green claws that never show any red.
Females have small bony knobs and tufts of hair where the antlers occur in the males.
Females have small bony knots and tufts of hair where the antlers occur in males.
Females have small bony pedicels only, covered with tufts of hair.
Females have small purple fruit that follows that is attractive to birds.
Females have small, functionless, rudimentary wings.
Females have smaller home ranges than dominant males.
Females have smaller humps, thinner necks and smaller horns.
Females have smaller mouthparts and lay their eggs in nickel sized masses on tree leaves.
Females have smaller noses, and juveniles have small upturned noses.
Females have smaller pores and shorter crests than the males, making the animals sexually dimorphic.
Females have smaller ranges and tend to be relatively sedentary during the breeding season.
Females have smaller, mutually exclusive ranges contained within a male's range.
Females have some ability to choose the males with whom they mate.
Females have some black marginal markings.
Females have special breast muscles that pump milk into the offspring's mouth.
Females have straight-sided forceps while male forceps are strongly curved and larger.
Females have strong and large cerci.
Females have tan heads, dark brown breasts and cream sides and bellies.
Females have tawny to chestnut coats and look much alike, apart from minor differences in markings.
Females have the ability to store sperm for multiple spawnings.
Females have the advantage in mating.
Females have the likelihood of succumbing to renal failure later in life.
Females have the obvious extra advantage of breeding use, and are better racers.
Females have the option to play for a men's team.
Females have the prettiest hair, they say.
Females have the primary responsibility of raising tiger cubs.
Females have the red crest but a black forehead and black mustache.
Females have the same color patterns but they are a little duller.
Females have the same markings, but the head is slate gray instead of black.
Females have the T-bar pattern, but lack the reds and blues in the fins.
Females have the wing bars but are dull brownish sometimes tinged with blue.
Females have their access paid for by school, parents, or other sources.
Females have their litters in grass-lined, surface or subterranean nest cavities.
Females have their own, somewhat confused, hierarchy.
Females have their teats at the front of their chest.
Females have thicker veins and no dots.
Females have thicker wing veins.
Females have three or four pairs of mammae.
Females have three pairs of mammae.
Females have three to seven pairs of mammae, depending on the species.
Females have to defend their pride range against other females approximately every four days.
Females have to do twice as much work as a member of an asexual species just to keep numbers up.
Females have to give birth and nurse their pups on land.
Females have to negotiate dual gender roles.
Females have two abdominal pairs of mammae.
Females have two choices to avoid the toxic effects of the seminal fluids.
Females have two copies and males have one.
Females have two copies of the X chromosome, but only one normally remains functional in each cell.
Females have two copies of the X chromosome, one from each parent.
Females have two feeding claws, which are more sensitive than the male feeding claw.
Females have two inguinal pairs of mammae.
Females have two mammae and a well-developed pouch.
Females have two mammae in the chest region.
Females have two mammae in the pouch, but usually only one young is reared.
Females have two mammae located abdominally, and males have a penis bone.
Females have two mammae located in the groin region.
Females have two mammae, located in the chest region.
Females have two mammae.
Females have two mammary glands only.
Females have two nipples .
Females have two nipples located in the region of the groin.
Females have two or four mammae.
Females have two or three litters each year, which include from one to eight young per litter.
Females have two or three litters every year, each consisting of five to seven young.
Females have two or three pairs of mammae, which are located on the sides of the body.
Females have two or three pairs of mammae.
Females have two or three young per year.
Females have two ovaries that store the eggs , and a uterus which is connected to a vagina .
Females have two pair of mammae, one inguinal and one abdominal.
Females have two pair of mammae.
Females have two pairs of abdominal mammae.
Females have two pairs of breasts and sometimes have three of four pups in a litter.
Females have two pairs of inguinal mammae.
Females have two pairs of inguinal nipples .
Females have two pairs of inguinal nipples.
Females have two pairs of mammae in the chest region.
Females have two pairs of mammae, one inguinal and one pectoral.
Females have two pairs of mammae.
Females have two pairs of teats .
Females have two pectoral and four abdominal mammae.
Females have two sets of X-linked genes.
Females have two teats, one on either side of the genital slit.
Females have two terminal appendages, which are much shorter than the males'.
Females have two to five kittens per litter, which the mother raises alone.
Females have two to five pairs of mammae.
Females have two to four babies.
Females have two to four kittens, which the mother raises alone.
Females have two to four pairs of mammae.
Females have two to six mammae.
Females have two X chromosomes , males have one X and one Y .
Females have two X chromosomes and can carry the disease gene on one of their X chromosomes.
Females have two X chromosomes and males have only one.
Females have two X chromosomes while males have one X chromosome.
Females have two X chromosomes, and therefore two copies of every gene.
Females have two X chromosomes, but only one is active in any particular cell.
Females have two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Females have two X chromosomes, one inherited from each of their parents.
Females have two X chromosomes, only one of which generally carries the disease gene.
Females have two X chromosomes, only one of which is active.
Females have two X chromosomes, so if one copy is faulty, the other can usually compensate.
Females have two X chromosomes, so they usually receive a normal gene on the second X chromosome.
Females have two X chromosomes.
Females have two 'X' chromosomes.
Females have two X cromosones.
Females have two X-chromosomes and contribute a copy of one to each of their offspring.
Females have two X-chromosomes, one from each parent.
Females have two X-chromosomes, one from their father, and one from their mother.
Females have two X-chromosomes.
Females have unique coloring when they are carrying eggs.
Females have up to five young in a litter.
Females have utters.
Females have vaginas.
Females have very short ones.
Females have very small tusks, if any.
Females have weaker and more subdued tones.
Females have what looks like a dirtier face.
Females have white beaks and males black and a pink eye-ring, while both have a white cheek patch.
Females have white breasts and on average are larger than males.
Females have white edging on outer tail feathers.
Females have white faces, necks, feet and breasts, but otherwise are covered in brown or black bars.
Females have white hind wings and males have yellow hind wings.
Females have white wings with dark markings and a tan to buff colored body.
Females have wider borders and darker markings than males.
Females hold the eggs with their hind legs until they become hard.
Females however have more yellow-brown or olive colored hair.
Females hybernate out in the cold .
Females identify sexual vulnerability as a problem.
Females identify their mate choice by sitting on a specific male's lap.
Females immediately search for nesting sites with males following closely behind.
Females increase offspring heterozygosity and fitness through extra-pair matings.
Females incubate eggs and brood young while males bring food to the nest.
Females incubate eggs and raise the young without help from males.
Females incubate eggs internally for an approximately six month gestation period.
Females incubate eggs, feed young, and do most of the work in nest building.
Females incubate more intermittently toward the end of the incubation period.
Females incubate on the nest and are fed by their mates and sometimes other family helpers.
Females incubate the eggs and brood hatchlings.
Females incubate the eggs with some help from the male.
Females incubate the eggs, usually two.
Females incubate the eggs.
Females incubate their egg sponge for two weeks before returning to the surface.
Females incubate, but both parents feed nestlings.
Females indicate that they are on heat by urine marking and calling.
Females induce plants to form protective galls.
Females induct ten or more spermatophores at an aggregation prior to depositing eggs.
Females indulge in more peaceful activities like mutual grooming to stabilize relationships.
Females inherit their X from their father.
Females inherit two X chromosomes, one each from the mother and father.
Females inherit two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Females initiate copulation, which takes place in the water.
Females initiate courtship and copulation by displaying submissive postures in front of the male.
Females initiate courtship by tongue smacking.
Females initiate courtship during which males and females live together.
Females initiate gallery systems and soon one male joins each female.
Females initiate tobacco use at a later age than males.
Females insert eggs below the surface of rosette stems and leaves.
Females insert eggs into fungus gnat larvae.
Females insert eggs into succulent host plant tissue.
Females invest more heavily in their offspring and all the parental duties fall to the mother.
Females invest more in each reproduction, so better to go slow and choose carefully.
Females invest more time in nesting activities than males.
Females just seem to use their noodles differently in relating to their surroundings.
Females keep permanent territories while males have territories overlapping females.
Females keep some dark markings throughout their lives.
Females keep their offspring well hidden until they are old enough to follow their Mothers.
Females keep their striped tail feathers.
Females lack a black bib, whereas immature males have one in the same pattern as the adult males.
Females lack a macroglomerular complex.
Females lack a marsupium, fetuses complete development within the uterus.
Females lack a pouch.
Females lack a true vagina, but instead have a singular urogenital exit.
Females lack both the fin and the spine.
Females lack bright coloration, most markings, and the elongated dorsal fin.
Females lack horns and have a burnt orange coat with slender white stripes like young.
Females lack obvious crests.
Females lack red colouration in their tails.
Females lack red on the top of their heads but have a red patch on the back of their neck.
Females lack red.
Females lack stripes and have thin horns.
Females lack the cheek patches.
Females lack the conspicuous genitalia.
Females lack the elongated spine.
Females lack the physical strength, experience and know-how, insist naysayers.
Females lack the red mustache and forehead.
Females lack the tail filament and have a narrower caudal fin and smaller spots on the body.
Females lay and tend their eggs and newly-hatched nymphs underground too.
Females lay barrel-shaped eggs on the underside of early planted crops.
Females lay batches of eggs on underside of host plant leaves.
Females lay bright green eggs singly on the upper surface of the leaves of the willow foodplants.
Females lay bundles of small, amber-colored eggs inside of empty oyster shells.
Females lay clear glassy eggs in slits in the girdled branch.
Females lay clumps of eggs on leaves or stems of the host plants.
Females lay clusters of eggs on opening leaf buds.
Females lay clusters of eggs on or under leaves of pipevines and mostly exposed in the sun.
Females lay clusters or masses of eggs on the surface of the water.
Females lay clutches of two to seven eggs in the spring.
Females lay compact egg masses that are attached to submerged objects.
Females lay egg masses attached to twigs near the edge of the web.
Females lay eggs after dusk in groups on the underside of oak leaves.
Females lay eggs all over the host but particularly on the uppersides of leaves.
Females lay eggs along the midrib on the underside of leaves.
Females lay eggs at dusk, in short rows on the host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs at night.
Females lay eggs beginning at dusk on the same day.
Females lay eggs by the hundreds in moist soil.
Females lay eggs during flower bloom.
Females lay eggs during the fall and on warm days during the winter.
Females lay eggs during the summer and spring seasons.
Females lay eggs fertilized by males which later hatch into tadpoles.
Females lay eggs for several weeks and eggs hatch continuously.
Females lay eggs from late summer to the first frost.
Females lay eggs in a burrow they dig in the soil.
Females lay eggs in a loosely woven cup of silk.
Females lay eggs in an egg sac.
Females lay eggs in bark crevices or in wounds on large branches or the trunks of trees.
Females lay eggs in bark crevices.
Females lay eggs in batches on the underside of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs in batches, wrapping the batches in silken egg sacs.
Females lay eggs in burrows.
Females lay eggs in cavities in the stems of alfalfa.
Females lay eggs in clusters on the undersides of young, expanding air potato leaves.
Females lay eggs in clusters on underside of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs in clusters.
Females lay eggs in clutches of two.
Females lay eggs in cracks and crevices of the hive.
Females lay eggs in current year's growth, one, and two year old twigs.
Females lay eggs in developing flowers.
Females lay eggs in early afternoon in bands around plant stems.
Females lay eggs in fast-moving streams and rivers.
Females lay eggs in galleries constructed between the bark and the sapwood of the host tree.
Females lay eggs in gallery systems they bore between the inner bark and outer sapwood of the tree.
Females lay eggs in large batches on underside of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs in mid to late summer.
Females lay eggs in moist decaying organic matter, such as manure, garbage, silage, and food wastes.
Females lay eggs in niches along the sides of the galleries.
Females lay eggs in oval crevices which they chew in the bark.
Females lay eggs in patches on roughened places in the bark.
Females lay eggs in plant stalks where larvae emerge in about a week to a week and a half.
Females lay eggs in ponds and the larvae feed on small aquatic animals.
Females lay eggs in punctures in the stems during the fall.
Females lay eggs in rings around twigs of host plants.
Females lay eggs in rings on plant stems.
Females lay eggs in rotting straw and manure, moist piles of animal feed and yard waste.
Females lay eggs in rows in the lower leaf surface along the sides of the midribs and larger veins.
Females lay eggs in shallow pits excavated on the surface of green berries.
Females lay eggs in slits made in leaf surfaces.
Females lay eggs in slits they fashion in tree branches.
Females lay eggs in small groups or singly on both surfaces of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs in soft, green stems of plants.
Females lay eggs in soil from late summer into early fall.
Females lay eggs in spring and summer.
Females lay eggs in standing water.
Females lay eggs in suitable aquatic habitat.
Females lay eggs in tender plant tissue.
Females lay eggs in the dead wood of native and cultivated trees and shrubs.
Females lay eggs in the early afternoon in rings around twigs of the host plants.
Females lay eggs in the early evening in clusters on oak leaves.
Females lay eggs in the ears which are still enclosed in a sheath.
Females lay eggs in the fall in foamy masses that harden in a few hours.
Females lay eggs in the nests of other females.
Females lay eggs in the nests.
Females lay eggs in the soil around the roots of grass plants.
Females lay eggs in the soil near the base of plants.
Females lay eggs in the soil or in plants.
Females lay eggs in the soil, then die shortly afterwards.
Females lay eggs in the spring in quiet bodies of water.
Females lay eggs in the winter.
Females lay eggs in topsoil .
Females lay eggs individually on plants.
Females lay eggs more or less continuously as long as they have access to blood meals.
Females lay eggs near stream, which hatch into aquatic larvae.
Females lay eggs near the base of the host plant in the ground.
Females lay eggs on apical meristems of developing shoots.
Females lay eggs on bark or inside new growth canes in late spring.
Females lay eggs on dead grass or sedge blades.
Females lay eggs on flowers or young seedpods of host plant.
Females lay eggs on host plants in large clusters.
Females lay eggs on host plants.
Females lay eggs on leaves of the host plants.
Females lay eggs on litter near violets.
Females lay eggs on milkweed plants before dying.
Females lay eggs on or near the host plant.
Females lay eggs on or near the host plants.
Females lay eggs on or near the wild lupine plants.
Females lay eggs on seed pods or directly in seeds.
Females lay eggs on sorghum heads.
Females lay eggs on the host and on other plants.
Females lay eggs on the host plant in the late afternoon.
Females lay eggs on the host plant.
Females lay eggs on the host.
Females lay eggs on the leaves of a larval food plant, and the life cycle begins again.
Females lay eggs on the leaves of the host plant.
Females lay eggs on the most advanced corn available.
Females lay eggs on the pet, which often drop off later, and also lay eggs off the infested pet.
Females lay eggs on the surface of the leaves.
Females lay eggs on the trunks of trees, each egg mass including several hundred eggs.
Females lay eggs on the underside of new leaves.
Females lay eggs on the underside of the leaves, near the midvein.
Females lay eggs on the undersides of leaves in an erratic pattern on the upper half of the plant.
Females lay eggs on the undersides of leaves.
Females lay eggs on the upperside of leaves high up on the host plant.
Females lay eggs on twigs and plants other than the host violets.
Females lay eggs on underside of such shelters.
Females lay eggs on various submerged objects or in the masses of vegetation.
Females lay eggs once yearly.
Females lay eggs or give birth to young under the scale.
Females lay eggs or some give birth to living young and die.
Females lay eggs randomly on the host plants, usually in the late afternoon.
Females lay eggs randomly over the grass.
Females lay eggs singly as they move, mostly in the root cortex but also in the soil.
Females lay eggs singly in fruit.
Females lay eggs singly in niches that are cut into both sides of the egg gallery.
Females lay eggs singly in roots or in soil.
Females lay eggs singly on almost any surface.
Females lay eggs singly on buds, leaves, and twigs of host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on flower buds of host during midday.
Females lay eggs singly on grass blades.
Females lay eggs singly on grasses and sedges.
Females lay eggs singly on host leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on host plant twigs.
Females lay eggs singly on host plants and produce several generations per year.
Females lay eggs singly on host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on host stems, buds, leaves, flowers, and fruits.
Females lay eggs singly on host twigs or in litter at base of plant.
Females lay eggs singly on leaf buds and tops of leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on leaf buds or on upperside of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on leaves of host plant seedlings.
Females lay eggs singly on leaves of the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on leaves of the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on leaves or buds of host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on midveins or between leaflets of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on or near the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on or near the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on surface of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on the bark and leaf buds of the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on the host and fall to the base of the plant.
Females lay eggs singly on the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on the top of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on the tops of host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly on the underside of a host plant leaflet.
Females lay eggs singly on top of host plant leaves or on flowers.
Females lay eggs singly on underside of fallen leaves near the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly on young leaves and seedlings of the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly on young leaves, and the caterpillars eat leaves.
Females lay eggs singly or in small bunches on the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly or in small clusters on the bottom edges of freshly passed cow manure.
Females lay eggs singly under host plant leaves.
Females lay eggs singly under leaflets of host plants that are in full or partial shade.
Females lay eggs singly under leaves of the host plant.
Females lay eggs singly under leaves of the host plants.
Females lay eggs singly under the host leaves.
Females lay eggs singly under the host plant leaves, which are eaten by the caterpillars.
Females lay eggs singly within the foodstuff.
Females lay eggs that are covered with a white waxy covering.
Females lay eggs that pass in feces.
Females lay eggs that they carry in a pouch underneath the body.
Females lay eggs under bark scales and branches of living trees.
Females lay eggs under moist debris.
Females lay eggs under rocks and are guarded by males, as in other sculpins.
Females lay eggs under the protective covering.
Females lay eggs under the skin of host fruits.
Females lay eggs where the bark is loose or cracked, especially on dead center canes.
Females lay eggs within the fruit.
Females lay eggs within the territories of chosen males.
Females lay eggs, which hatch into worm-like larvae.
Females lay eggs.
Females lay few eggs after the third day.
Females lay large quantities of eggs .
Females lay light-yellow eggs in egg masses numbering several hundred eggs.
Females lay masses of eggs on the bark, and the caterpillars hatch at about the end of bloom.
Females lay masses of eggs on the surface of old cocoons.
Females lay masses of eggs on trunks and branches of host plants.
Females lay masses of green, barrel-shaped eggs on rice blades.
Females lay mermaids purses, or egg cases, throughout the year in relatively shallow water.
Females lay microscopic eggs in unfolding leaflets.
Females lay microscopic eggs which pass to the ground in the manure.
Females lay no eggs.
Females lay rings of eggs around the stems of both host and nonhost plants.
Females lay rings of eggs around twigs of the host.
Females lay round, yellow to cream colored eggs on the leaves.
Females lay single eggs at tips of developing host plant leaves.
Females lay single eggs on dry grass blades in the afternoon.
Females lay single eggs on host leaves and twigs.
Females lay single eggs on host plants, usually on the new foliage and occasionally on flowers.
Females lay single eggs on the terminal growth of host plants.
Females lay single eggs on the undersides of the soybean leaves.
Females lay single eggs on top of young host plant leaves.
Females lay single eggs on underside of host plant leaves.
Females lay single eggs on undersides of host leaves.
Females lay single eggs or small clusters of eggs.
Females lay single eggs scattered on the host plant.
Females lay single green eggs on lower leaves of host plant.
Females lay small greenish-white eggs on the blossom end of the nut, usually near the calyx.
Females lay small oval eggs into slits in the needles they cut with their sawlike apparatus.
Females lay strings of thousands of eggs which the male fertilizes externally.
Females lay thick heavy-shelled eggs in the intestine that pass in the feces.
Females lay thousands of eggs in long jelly-like strings.
Females lay tiny eggs in moist organic debris or potting soil.
Females lay white, oval-shaped eggs into plant stems or into the soil close to the host plant.
Females lays eggs in spring or summer.
Females lays yellow eggs on the leaves.
Females lead the group on their daily journeys.
Females lead the way in the fitness movement.
Females learn a lot about guys, their behavior, habits, and most importantly their lies.
Females learn nurturing and mothering behavior from dolls, which act as a baby.
Females learn the male system during dating and marriage.
Females leave a small scar on the tissue where they deposit their eggs.
Females leave immediately after egg release.
Females leave nursery to find males.
Females leave only to lay their eggs in manure that is less than two minutes old.
Females leave spawning areas first.
Females leave the band to have their young.
Females leave the herd to give birth to a single calf.
Females leave the herd when they are ready to give birth.
Females leave the ice to join a male in the water, where copulation takes place.
Females leave the nest immediately after spawning, but males remain and guard their offspring.
Females leave the ocean to give birth on beaches close to their most recent breeding site.
Females leave the water only during the nesting season, which varies latitudinally.
Females leave their young behind when they venture out in search of food.
Females lie more than men because men never really HAD to lie, back in the old days.
Females like to build nests.
Females like to care for three to four babies at a time because one cub is a waste of time.
Females like to give birth in the comfort of their own homes.
Females likewise can alternatively search for Plantago or nectar plants along the same flight path.
Females live a few weeks to several months, depending on the species.
Females live a solitary life until they mate.
Females live about a month.
Females live about two months and males about one month.
Females live about two weeks.
Females live alone except when they are raising cubs and they raise their cubs on their own.
Females live alone except when they are raising cubs.
Females live an average of about twenty months.
Females live and defend a size about half that of the male.
Females live for three to four weeks in the uplands before they become too weak to bite.
Females live from a few days to more than three months.
Females live from one to three weeks, depending on the species and weather conditions.
Females live in a groove in male worm's back.
Females live in a harem with a male.
Females live in breeding herds.
Females live in family units led by the oldest female.
Females live in family units.
Females live in large groups that include their offspring.
Females live in larger groups of just a few animals to up to several hundred individuals.
Females live in one group their entire lives, while males migrate from group to group.
Females live in sounders consisting of one to three females and their offspring.
Females live in the mucosal glands of the small intestine.
Females live in the small groups composed of adult females and their offspring.
Females live longer than males and grow faster, particularly after they reach maturity.
Females live longer than males in most countries around the world.
Females live longer than males.
Females live on for several more years.
Females live on until they have weaned their litters, and then they die.
Females live to a similar age.
Females live up to three years, while males are lucky to see their first birthday.
Females living alone represent an increasing percentage.
Females locate and fly into the swarm.
Females look around and the same pecking order as the males occurs.
Females look for open patches of ground where they can burrow into the soil and lay eggs.
Females look like the males but are smaller.
Females look like the males except that they are smaller and have more slender horns.
Females look much like female chrysotus but without the glittery spots on the side.
Females look similar.
Females look very similar to the males but they weigh less and they are about a foot shorter.
Females lose their wings when they mate.
Females lower their bodies onto the nest and stretches out their necks to camouflage the nest.
Females mainly choose areas of loose sand or soil that get plenty of sunshine.
Females mainly choose areas of loose sand or soil that gets plenty of sunshine.
Females mainly incubate the eggs.
Females maintain a seperate den for rearing young, and generally forage alone.
Females maintain a territory, and defend it against other females.
Females maintain both social relationships and hygiene through grooming.
Females maintain close bonds with maternal relatives.
Females make a loud toad-like croaking as they are walking.
Females make a quack sound, but usually only when they are chasing each other.
Females make admirable pets.
Females make an eerie whistle at night.
Females make characteristic resonant, booming sounds.
Females make dens under logs, in thickets, or in hollow trees.
Females make fewer movements than males.
Females make good politicans.
Females make great pets, too.
Females make large differences smaller and small differences larger.
Females make more attempts at suicide than do males, but males are more successful at completing it.
Females make retreats in which they hide and ambush prey.
Females make smaller grunts to signal annoyance.
Females make softer noises compared to males, which helps to distinguish between the genders.
Females make solid leaders.
Females make their nest six to ten inches beneath rocks and boards.
Females make up the majority of our group.
Females make up to two groups , called clutches per year depending on season , climate .
Females make up to two groups, called clutches per year depending on season, climate.
Females make up two-thirds of that number.
Females mark their territory after parturition and become more aggressive.
Females mark their territory using scent glands on their flanks, hind legs, and perineum .
Females mark using common defecation sites.
Females matched with the male have long flaps in a distinctively sculptured epigynum.
Females mate again three to five days after the first litter.
Females mate almost immediately after giving birth, and are therefore pregnant most of the time.
Females mate almost immediately upon emerging from stubs and then move wheat to lay eggs.
Females mate and lay eggs on the host from which a blood meal is taken.
Females mate at the end of their first summer, males at the end of their second.
Females mate every other summer and oviposit sometime before the following spring.
Females mate every two to three years and produce a litter of two to three cubs.
Females mate every two to three years.
Females mate every two years, with breeding taking place during any season.
Females mate in a hard-shell condition throughout the year.
Females mate in first autumn, males in second.
Females mate in the warmer summer months, mating take place at night in the trees.
Females mate in their first autumn, males in their first or second autumn.
Females mate inside the brood gallery and then leave to produce new galleries.
Females mate once during their terminal molt while males mate multiple times.
Females mate once every two to five years, but males mate every year.
Females mate once per season.
Females mate only once in their lifetime.
Females mate only once, as soon as they emerge.
Females mate only once, but males are promiscuous.
Females mate only once, immediately upon emergence and before they begin to feed.
Females mate only when in heat.
Females mate preferentially with males with longer tails.
Females mate right after the young is born.
Females mate shortly after birth of young.
Females mate soon after emergence.
Females mate with males before they take their first blood meal.
Females mate with males from other pods to decrease the chances of inbreeding.
Females mate with many males, but male only mates with single female.
Females mate with the largest males, the largest males start spawning first.
Females mated with top-mating males tend to return to the male the next year and search less.
Females mature after ca.
Females mature after molting their exoskeletons six times, males after five.
Females mature after three to four years, and usually give birth to two cubs, every other year.
Females mature at a slightly larger size than males.
Females mature at about five years of age and the males mature about six years of age.
Females mature at ca.
Females mature at five to six years old.
Females mature at one year.
Females mature earlier than males - physically and psychologically.
Females mature in about two years, males a few years later.
Females mature in third year, males in second.
Females mature physically by one year.
Females mature sexually and first breed at fourteen to seventeen months of age.
Females mature sexually at age five to six .
Females mature sexually at age five to six.
Females mature sexually in four months, males in eight.
Females mature to reproduce in one year.
Females mature when three to four years old.
Females migrate by crawling.
Females migrate en masse to egg-laying sites.
Females migrate into the pack, whereas males usually stay with their natal pack.
Females migrate more than males, so most of the beetles found in first-year corn are females.
Females migrate to other groups more often than males.
Females migrate to the anus to deposit their eggs.
Females migrating later in the year minimize the length of migration.
Females molt on breeding grounds.
Females molt to sexual maturity and mate in the softshell condition while grasped by the male.
Females molt twice before reaching maturity.
Females move among the leks, mating with males to whose displays they respond.
Females move from deeper water directly to the beach where they nest.
Females move through the group to choose their mate.
Females move to areas with high ground or vegetative cover prior to birthing.
Females nest every two or three years and can lay up to nine clutches each season.
Females nest every two to three years, laying several nests on sandy beaches.
Females never let males approach for repeat mounting if the first one is successful.
Females never mount males.
Females never share territory with each other, however, male territories tend to overlap.
Females never submit cock photos.
Females never travel as lone individuals.
Females never use their horns, and males only use their in contests with peers.
Females normally are grayish with the tip of the abdo-men much darker.
Females normally are grayish with the tip of the abdomen much darker.
Females normally bear a single litter per year.
Females normally breed every other year and have an average of two cubs, but can have one to five.
Females normally carry two X chromosomes.
Females normally give birth once a year, in late winter or early spring.
Females normally give birth to calves every other year.
Females normally give birth to one baby at a time, but have been found to carry twins or triplets.
Females normally give birth to one, sometimes two, young per liter.
Females normally have the same complement as males, minus the canine teeth.
Females normally have two X chromosomes.
Females normally have yellow throats.
Females normally lay clutches of two eggs.
Females normally live in herds with other females and their calves.
Females normally produce four or five litters annually.
Females normally produce just one litter per year.
Females normally produce one clutch per year, although occasionally a second is produced.
Females normally select sandy areas to dig nests.
Females now are open-minded.
Females now comprise one-third of the faculty.
Females now outnumber males for the first time.
Females now show signs of puberty at an earlier age.
Females nurse their new born calves in warm, shallow water.
Females nurse their pups until the next pup is born.
Females nurse their young for three to four months until the babies can swim on their own.
Females obtain rank as they age and have offspring, especially males.
Females obviously respond to medication differently, in many cases, than males do.
Females occasionally group together loosely with their young.
Females occasionally have twins, but a single fawn is more likely.
Females occupy large, overlapping home ranges, apparently moving in response to food availability.
Females occupy territory that is two times smaller.
Females occupy the hollow for many weeks before laying, flying out only briefly during night.
Females occupy the two top floors and males the two bottom floors.
Females occur in both yellow and white forms.
Females occur in large schools and forage over the sand.
Females occur in late spring and early summer.
Females only antagonize other females.
Females only breed once every two years.
Females only build in the morning, and it usually takes two or three days to complete a nest.
Females only carry the X-linked gene, while males suffer from the disease.
Females only give birth to a single young at a time.
Females only have a narrow crest along the tail.
Females only inherit on failure of all male heirs.
Females only mate every other year due to the long gestation period.
Females only reproduce every second year and give birth to an average of six live young.
Females only return for a short time to build their nest and lay their eggs.
Females only weigh about a third as much.
Females ordinarily produce a litter every year and mature females tend to produce larger litters.
Females outrank males, and rank is inherited.
Females outscore males on projects.
Females overlook males' physical attributions, seeking status, wealth, or power.
Females oviposit in fruit which becomes dimpled or deformed.
Females oviposit in ripening fruits as well as in fallen fruits.
Females oviposit in squares and bolls.
Females oviposit into flowers .
Females oviposit into full-size fruit, laying eggs directly into developed seed.
Females oviposit into young fruit.
Females oviposit on canes and leaves, especially in the angle of the leaf vein and surface.
Females oviposit through the apple pulp and most eggs are found along the peel.
Females ovipositing alone are usually secretive.
Females ovulate every spring and are able to conceive on only two to three days each year.
Females ovulate multiple times a year, and have more than one litter a year.
Females participate in aerobic exercise less often than males.
Females participate in howling much less than males.
Females participate in nest building.
Females participate too.
Females pass on immunity to their offspring through their milk.
Females pass physical training because of gender-norming.
Females pass the PCBs on to their young through their milk.
Females pay less than males, and nonsmokers pay a lot less than smokers.
Females penetrate bark of hosts to form brood galleries.
Females perform most of the grooming bouts in the group.
Females perform the same display.
Females perform the same submissive display.
Females periodically extrude a scent gland out the rear.
Females permit mating only by males that retain or achieve dominance during the mating season.
Females place eggs in cells cut into grass stems.
Females play a more active role and are no longer passive partners in a system dominated by males.
Females play an equally important, if more subtle, role in courtship.
Females play an important role.
Females play hard to get.
Females play no part in defending the territory.
Females play no role in parental care.
Females play the field, sneaking off for a tumble in the jungle with peripheral males.
Females portray female characters and males, males.
Females posess two X chromosomes which look exactly alike and code for the same traits.
Females posses a sharply pointed tail from which the common name is derived.
Females posses two mammae.
Females possess a bicornuate uterus and haemochorial placenta.
Females possess a marsupium, or brood pouch, hence the common name of opossum shrimps.
Females possess a single oviduct which passes to the right of the intestine.
Females possess a spermatheca , an ectodermal gland which opens into the oviduct .
Females possess hair whorls , and ossicones are absent.
Females possess hair whorls, and ossicones are absent.
Females possess less vital force than the other sex.
Females possess six mammary glands and can, therefore, nurse all offspring simultaneously.
Females possess two mammae with their auxiliary teats.
Females possess two X chromosomes, XX and are said to be homogametic .
Females preaching gospel is good news, say clergy.
Females predominate, especially among the most severely affected patients.
Females prefer high-visibility mating sites with short grasses and few thickets.
Females prefer large and symmetrical ornaments.
Females prefer large edible insects.
Females prefer longer chirps when they contain more pulses.
Females prefer males with redder color.
Females prefer males with the most complex songs.
Females prefer moist area, so eggs are concentrated in the soil between rows in irrigated corn.
Females prefer mountains.
Females prefer privacy when calving.
Females prefer strong males that collected a rich abundant and unblended scent.
Females prefer to lay eggs in the sunlight and are less attracted to trees whose trunks are shaded.
Females prefer to lay their eggs in very dense, grassy vegetation.
Females prefer to mate with males with relatively long eyestalks.
Females prefer to oviposit in moist soils that are high in organic matter.
Females prefer to oviposit in transparent, developing leaves and young fully expanded leaves.
Females prefer to release their eggs into moist soil.
Females prefer younger plants to older plants.
Females preferably feed on birds but also, to some extent, on mammals, including man.
Females preferentially deposit single eggs in third and fourth instar whitefly nymphs.
Females preferentially use hammers and anvils, males preferentially throw stones.
Females prepare a den for their kittens in thick brush.
Females prepare a natal den by lining a cavity with grass, moss, and leaves.
Females primarily feed young, although male feeding occurs in some populations.
Females probably are promiscuous.
Females probably bear more than one litter each year.
Females probably give birth more than once in a season.
Females probably give birth only every other year.
Females probably leave as a result of female- female aggression.
Females probably mature at similar stages.
Females probably produce two of three broods of young a year.
Females probably spawn every year depending on a number of environmental factors.
Females produce a clutch of eggs in their bags before dropping to the ground to die.
Females produce a pheromone to attract males, which engage in neck-wrestling combat dances.
Females produce a single litter of up to six young annually.
Females produce a single litter per year, from two to six young.
Females produce an average of two or three young per litter and at least two litters per year.
Females produce an egg, which hatches into a larvae, much like any other moth.
Females produce at least two alarm call types.
Females produce blue berries.
Females produce calves at intervals of about every five years.
Females produce eggs and males produce sperm.
Females produce eggs from ovaries that look like bulges on their thin bodies.
Females produce eggs in Jello-like structures that float near the surface.
Females produce eggs, which are larger.
Females produce gametes that are larger than men.
Females produce haploid eggs which are fertilized by males and encased in ephippia.
Females produce inedible dates on long broomlike structures.
Females produce large clusters of fleshy black fruit which remain on the tree into the winter.
Females produce litters every other year, usually giving birth to twins.
Females produce more estradiol than males do.
Females produce one at a time.
Females produce one calf after a gestation period of nine and a half months.
Females produce one litter a year with one to six kits.
Females produce one litter a year, averaging six pups per litter.
Females produce one litter a year, numbering from one to six kits and averaging four or five.
Females produce one litter per year ranging in size from three to six young.
Females produce one litter per year, with an average of four cubs per litter.
Females produce one litter per year.
Females produce one offspring every two to three years.
Females produce one to three young annually.
Females produce packets containing larvae.
Females produce pheromones that attract the attention of males.
Females produce red berries that persist in winter.
Females produce red berries.
Females produce several litters per year.
Females produce single clutches annually.
Females produce smaller amounts of testosterone than males.
Females produce smegma under their clitoral hood identical to males.
Females produce tens of millions of eggs and fertilization is external.
Females produce three to five litters, usually of three or four young, per year.
Females produce two broods in the north, three in the south.
Females produce two different types of milk, one for newborns and another for more mature joeys.
Females produce two litters per year.
Females produce two to seven eggs, which both parents protect and incubate.
Females produce two to ten pups in the spring.
Females produce two to three litters of four to six young each year.
Females produce two types of eggs.
Females produce up to four green eggs and desert the the nest site as soon as they are laid.
Females produce up to six litters a year of two to four young.
Females produce young at best every second year.
Females produce young by laying eggs in nests built of leaves, twigs pinestraw, mud, etc.
Females prophesying is different from females teaching and exerting authority over men.
Females protect the young pod of juveniles for one to three years.
Females protecting a nest are extremely dangerous if approached.
Females provide all care for young hummingbirds.
Females provide enough nutrients in the egg to allow early development.
Females provide the bulk of parental care.
Females provide the eggs with yolk before they are laid.
Females puddle a lot in squats, rather than squirt a little like the boys do.
Females puncture the stem during oviposition.
Females quack, males squeak.
Females quickly grow to become egg layers.
Females raise litters alone, which require that they leave the young unattended to hunt.
Females raise one litter per year.
Females raise the cubs alone.
Females raise the young without any help from males.
Females raise their cubs for about a year.
Females raise their infants alone.
Females raise their litters alone.
Females raise their young alone, in a nest.
Females raise their young on their own.
Females raising young generally require more.
Females range from browns and yellows to brick red.
Females range in even smaller areas.
Females reach a maximum length of five feet, and males grow as long as two feet.
Females reach around eight and a half feet tall and weigh less than males.
Females reach breeding age at five years and bear their first calves at between six and eight.
Females reach breeding age at three to four years and produce only one lamb per year.
Females reach greater size than males.
Females reach larger adult body sizes than males in V .
Females reach maturity between four and ten years old, and average about two cubs every four years.
Females reach maturity one year later than males and consequently, go through an additional molt.
Females reach maturity sooner, in about four years.
Females reach reproductive maturity towards the end of their first year.
Females reach sexual maturity around four to five year-olds.
Females reach sexual maturity at about three or four years old.
Females reach sexual maturity at about three years and males at four years.
Females reach sexual maturity at age one, and males at age two.
Females reach sexual maturity at age three, while males do so at age six.
Females reach sexual maturity at around five years and males, at seven.
Females reach sexual maturity at four years, and males reach sexual maturity at eight years.
Females reach sexual maturity at one year, males at two.
Females reach sexual maturity at one year.
Females reach sexual maturity at three to four years, whereas males do so at four to five years.
Females reach sexual maturity by five months.
Females reach sexual maturity by one year.
Females reach sexual maturity generally around two and a half to three years of age.
Females reach sexual maturity in five years, males in seven.
Females reach sexual maturity in one and one half years.
Females reach sexual maturity when they are two to three years old.
Females reach their sexually maturity at the age of two, while males mature at the age of three.
Females readily reestablish residency on their home range.
Females receive an X-chromosome from the father and one from the mother.
Females receive better grades than males.
Females receive much less education and medical care than men.
Females receive no help from adult males in caring for their young.
Females receive two X chromosomes, one from each parent .
Females receive two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Females receive two X-chromosomes, one from each parent.
Females recover from one mating, but several matings increase the chance of infection and death.
Females release a scent to attract male mates at the beginning of the mating season.
Females release eggs and males release sperm into the water.
Females release eggs in a more sporadic fashion in response to the presence of sperm.
Females release eggs into the warm seawater with wild abandon.
Females release gametes in a ventral mount, and males then fertilize the released eggs.
Females release millions of eggs at a time.
Females release specific odor when they are ready to mate.
Females release their eggs into the currents and the males then fertilize the eggs.
Females release thousands of transparent eggs in jelly-like strands into the water.
Females release young during the spring in bays and inshore areas.
Females rely primarily on landmarks while navigating.
Females remain a light tan with white markings and bellies.
Females remain a pale yellowish- brown.
Females remain at lower latitudes.
Females remain brown.
Females remain close to the nests.
Females remain close to their nests.
Females remain in coastal rivers and reservoirs.
Females remain in estrus for one to nine weeks.
Females remain in estrus throughout the season until they mate.
Females remain in the bags and lay eggs inside the bags in autumn.
Females remain in the company of their female relatives, while adult males live more independently.
Females remain in the same troop, usually for life.
Females remain in the same troop, usually their entire life.
Females remain in their birth troops while the males move among troops.
Females remain in their groups throughout life.
Females remain in their natal groups for life and are thus the source of stability in the groups.
Females remain in their natal groups with their close female relatives.
Females remain in their natal troops for life.
Females remain larva-like, have extremely reduced or no legs, and never develop wings.
Females remain larviform, legless and wingless, partially projecting from host's abdomen.
Females remain near mother, males leave area.
Females remain near the nest at all times.
Females remain near their mother's range and males disperse.
Females remain near their winter ranges while males leave their winter ranges to search for mates.
Females remain silent.
Females remain unchanged aside from obvious swelling from ripening eggs.
Females remain under the scale covering throughout their life.
Females remain with their brood until maturity.
Females remain with their broods until close to migration in the fall.
Females remain with their families all their lives.
Females Remove appropriate garments for urination.
Females report accessing weather information less frequently than males.
Females report depression much more often than men.
Females report more difficulties than males.
Females report more insomnia than males.
Females report more limitations in old age, while males report more limitations in youth.
Females represent our sensitive, intuitive, feminine side.
Females reproduce approximately every two to three years.
Females reproduce asexually.
Females reproduce biennially.
Females reproduce every alternate year.
Females reproduce every one to three years.
Females reproduce in a way that literally leads to clone production.
Females reproduce on their own.
Females reproduce only once every four years.
Females reproduce parthenogenetically and sexually.
Females reproduce parthenogenetically in the autumn.
Females reproduce parthenogenetically.
Females reproduce with or without copulation.
Females reproduce with several males using several nest sites during a single breeding season.
Females require a fresh blood meal in order to produce eggs.
Females require extra iron due to menstruation.
Females require only about half the area needed by males.
Females require tree hollows or other naturally occurring shelters for raising young.
Females resemble males but are duller in color, often quite grayish.
Females resemble scaup without the distinctive white patch.
Females resemble the red deer hind in size and proportions.
Females reside in cutaneous burrows where eggs are deposited, frequently locate interdigitally.
Females respond by giving their nest call.
Females respond to song by locating the sound source.
Females respond with a call of their own.
Females respond with a flick of their wings.
Females respond, and the act of copulation usually takes place in the water.
Females result from fertilized eggs and can live up to three years.
Females resume feeding in the spring, mature, and lay several hundred eggs on lateral twigs.
Females retain muscle proteins when they exercise because females have more growth hormone.
Females retain their eggs in the body until hatching.
Females retreat deep into the forest to give birth.
Females retreat to their underground dens to deliver litters of one to six young.
Females retreat with a male just prior to giving birth and return shortly thereafter.
Females return to land only to lay their eggs.
Females return to seawater only to release their eggs.
Females return to specific beaches, and there are a limited number of suitable beaches.
Females return to the male when dopamine levels decline.
Females rise to the surface and several males crowd around as the eggs and sperm are released.
Females roam freely around several different territories.
Females roost with their young under the loose bark of trees.
Females rule the range.
Females scribble their names on scraps of paper dropped into a bowl.
Females seal themselves in silken cells with their egg sac.
Females seal themselves inside one of the burrow's chambers to lay their eggs.
Females search alone for host nests in three ways.
Females search out snails for oviposition.
Females see better nests as a sign of better genes.
Females see the world as a series of interconnected relationships.
Females seek economic security for their few possible offspring.
Females seek males with ready cache.
Females seek older mates.
Females seek out living, green trees that they attack by tunneling under the bark.
Females seek out living, green trees that they attack by tunnelling under the bark.
Females seek out males on the singing grounds.
Females seek out or dig dens in which to bear their young.
Females seek protein-rich foods to obtain nutrients essential for egg production.
Females seek seclusion from other rhinos at the time of birth.
Females seem able to retain sperm, but most mate several times each season.
Females seem more likely than males to have the disorder.
Females seem to be a bit more uptight and harder nuts to crack.
Females seem to be four to seven times as numerous as the males in the different species.
Females seem to be immune to the coolness paradigm.
Females seem to be less territorial.
Females seem to be much more susceptible than males.
Females seem to be oblivious of the territory boundaries in winter.
Females seem to be playing high impact sports just as often as males now a days.
Females seem to be unaware that technical jobs can be interactive, people-oriented and creative.
Females seem to be very protective of their young and have been known to kill intruding animals.
Females seem to choose the same sites year after year.
Females seem to do it more often than males.
Females seem to exhibit protective behavior, keeping predators away from the young.
Females seem to have fewer teeth rows than males .
Females seem to have fewer teeth rows than males.
Females seem to maintain a peaceful relationship among themselves.
Females seem to prefer a familiar neighbor as a mate.
Females seem to prefer early arriving males that occupy more attractive territories.
Females seem to present fewer teeth rows than males.
Females seem to produce sounds during aggression or defense.
Females seem to put up with a great deal of mistreatment by their gang leaders.
Females seemingly produce but one litter a year.
Females select a piece of territory to defend from other females.
Females select large males more often than they select small males as mates.
Females select leaves of the meristematic tip on which to lay eggs.
Females select males with larger harems and thus used harem defense as an indicator of good genes.
Females select plants with young leaves for oviposition.
Females select sandy sites to dig nests.
Females select the nest site, which is usually a cavity in a dead or live tree.
Females select the same sites year after year due to attractive smells and good nesting conditions.
Females select their mate based on the quality, color and size of the male's fan.
Females share equally in the care of the young.
Females share responsibility for the infants, who are born singly once a year.
Females share territory with related females, chasing others away from burrows.
Females shed the undercoat when in season.
Females shoot some different events, but the fundamentals are the same.
Females show a form of moral reasoning that is lower than that seen in males.
Females show a mating preference toward males that are already guarding eggs.
Females show all-black napes.
Females show dark banding on wings and tail, and streaks on breast.
Females show less site fidelity than males, especially following an unsuccessful breeding season.
Females show only slight hints of the seasonal color changes that are so striking in males.
Females show rounded-mouth threats towards other females as a sign of aggression and dominance.
Females show significantly lower wages than males.
Females show slight muscular development of the neck and shoulders.
Females show slightly lower copper concentration in sweat than men.
Females show some protection of young.
Females show the same characteristics, except for the breast bar.
Females show up in a green bikini that leaves little to the imagination.
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.
Females signal their willingness to mate by staying still.
Females signify their acceptance by perching on a branch and spreading their tail feathers.
Females sing a short but sweet song, and young orioles chirp for attention.
Females sing patrtial songs during territorial encounters.
Females sit on the eggs by day and males sit on the eggs by night.
Females sit with feet further apart than males, probably because of the position of the hip bones.
Females smell much less, and get along much better.
Females soon deposit clusters of eggs on leaves.
Females soon follow with late arriving males.
Females spawn their eggs on subtidal, rocky surfaces.
Females spawn their eggs subtidally on rocks.
Females spend a great deal of time allo-grooming.
Females spend a great deal of time in allo-grooming.
Females spend considerable time laying their eggs.
Females spend less time around lakes.
Females spend long periods incubating eggs in the burrow and retain a dark feather coat.
Females spend more time in trees than males and males spend more time on the ground than females.
Females spend more time making sure toys and other ferret possessions are in order.
Females spend more time nectaring than flying.
Females spend most of their life in the burrows.
Females spend most of their time with other females and offspring.
Females spend the intervening time at sea.
Females spend the night in their nests facing inward.
Females spend their entire life with the same family group.
Females spend twice as much time as males eating insects.
Females spend up to three to four hours a day on the eggs.
Females spin irregular and nonsymmetrical webs.
Females spray more urine than normal when they are ready to mate.
Females spread their tail feathers to show irritation to males.
Females start breeding when very young and can breed for many years.
Females start drinking alcohol later than males.
Females start in front and work back.
Females start laying eggs when they are about two weeks old.
Females start mating on reaching sexual maturity.
Females start preparing for flight by fanning their wings.
Females start reproducing soon after becoming adults.
Females start to breed when they reach sexual maturity, typically in their second year.
Females start to mate in their third year producing only one cub.
Females start to produce male type features such as facial hair.
Females stay in the group to have their own cubs in the future.
Females stay in the party irrespective of the estrous state and aggregate in the center.
Females stay in the web.
Females stay longer, perhaps in permanent association.
Females stay longer, sometimes permanently.
Females stay near the nest during incubation and actively defend it from predators like raccoons.
Females stay near their nesting beach during the nesting season, which can last one to two months.
Females stay on with the herd, but mature males are chased away.
Females stay out in deeper water, until the nests are built.
Females stay with the eggs and young nymphs for the early part of their lives.
Females stay with the herd until death.
Females stay with their family group their whole life.
Females stay with their group for their life-time, males move around.
Females stay with their natal group, males migrate.
Females stay with their young for about seven years.
Females stay with their young until they are independent at around one year old.
Females stick with family groups for live, but exchange between groups.
Females still tend to get married at an earlier age than males.
Females stop eating three to four weeks before giving birth.
Females stop giving milk and animals of both sexes stop growing for about three weeks.
Females stop to lay eggs along the Gulf Coast, then die.
Females store the sperm over winter and use it to fertilize eggs in the spring or early summer.
Females suckle a single young kob for six to seven months.
Females support donor use with reproductive technologies more than males.
Females supposedly are mellower and just love to snuggle, but they are quieter than males.
Females surf less than males, and females make up two-thirds of all news viewers.
Females swell with eggs.
Females take care of the babies.
Females take care of their young until they are ready to hunt on their own and are sexually mature.
Females take several blood meals and lay several batches of eggs.
Females take the initiative in choosing mates and often initiate copulatory behavior.
Females take up sperm through their siphons.
Females teach the young to forage for food during the first few days of life.
Females tend to access it less frequently while experts tend to access it more frequently.
Females tend to access newsgroups less frequently than males.
Females tend to associate with other females when they have calf groups.
Females tend to bark or hoot when defending the nest.
Females tend to be a bit larger than males.
Females tend to be a bit smaller then the males, and are much more slender.
Females tend to be a little better then the males, but the males are overall the worst.
Females tend to be a little larger and heavier than males.
Females tend to be affected more than males.
Females tend to be aggressive toward other females.
Females tend to be bigger than males, and also have thicker veins on their wings.
Females tend to be black and orange.
Females tend to be both slightly smaller and slightly less heavy than males.
Females tend to be dark brown and slightly larger than the small, tan or yellow males.
Females tend to be darker in color.
Females tend to be dominant.
Females tend to be dull-coloured.
Females tend to be duller looking.
Females tend to be larger and more aggressive than males.
Females tend to be larger and more duller.
Females tend to be larger than males .
Females tend to be larger than males and adult fish grow more in weight than in length.
Females tend to be larger than males of the same age.
Females tend to be larger than males, though otherwise they are impossible to distinguish.
Females tend to be larger than males.
Females tend to be larger than the males, but for the most part, are similar in appearance.
Females tend to be larger than the males, so most caught in Texas are of that gender.
Females tend to be less dominant.
Females tend to be lighter in color than males, who often have tooth scars on their beaks.
Females tend to be lighter in color than males.
Females tend to be longer and heavier in all age groups.
Females tend to be longer and heavier than males of the same age.
Females tend to be longer and heavier than males.
Females tend to be longer-lived, due to high predation of males on leks.
Females tend to be more active during the day and at dusk.
Females tend to be more active than males.
Females tend to be more aggressive and take charge.
Females tend to be more agreeable with larger families and children.
Females tend to be more articulate about using sunscreen.
Females tend to be more commonly affected.
Females tend to be more gentle and sociable with people than males.
Females tend to be more gentle than males and require less forcefulness in training.
Females tend to be more heavily barred.
Females tend to be more intellectually impaired than males.
Females tend to be more openly self-disclosing than males.
Females tend to be more satisfied than males in terms of the treatment they receive as a customer.
Females tend to be more vocal than males.
Females tend to be more yellow-green with small dark brown spots on the upper sides.
Females tend to be nippier than males.
Females tend to be older than males at maturity.
Females tend to be rich brown, tan, or chestnut.
Females tend to be rounder in body than males.
Females tend to be significantly smaller.
Females tend to be slighter larger than the males.
Females tend to be slightly larger than males, and they certainly weigh more during pregnancy.
Females tend to be slightly larger than males.
Females tend to be slightly larger.
Females tend to be slightly smaller than males.
Females tend to be slightly smaller than the males.
Females tend to be slightly smaller, with sleeker faces.
Females tend to be smaller and more docile, but they do present some unique problems.
Females tend to be smaller than males.
Females tend to be smaller.
Females tend to be smarter whether they are first-born or last born.
Females tend to be somewhat smaller than males.
Females tend to be the larger sex.
Females tend to be yellowish and the males tend to be more black.
Females tend to be yellowish in the same areas.
Females tend to begin drinking alcohol at a later age than males.
Females tend to breed at the age of two.
Females tend to choose darker resting sites as pregnancy progresses and when temperatures increase.
Females tend to choose larger, more aggressive males.
Females tend to choose the larger and more aggressive males.
Females tend to come into season more frequently and with little regard to the calendar.
Females tend to consume wine and spirits, while males tend to consume beer.
Females tend to credit their achievements to luck rather than to their ability.
Females tend to decrease their labour supply a little.
Females tend to defend the resources in their home range against females in other groups.
Females tend to demand center stage and take an active role in managing the household.
Females tend to deposit egg masses at relatively few sites, resulting in grouped egg masses.
Females tend to do the hunting in a pride.
Females tend to earn much less than males.
Females tend to eat more krill than males.
Females tend to forage high up in the tree canopy and also tend to eat more flying insects.
Females tend to forage in subtropical and tropical waters to the north, where winds are lighter.
Females tend to gain more fat in the hips, thighs and buttocks for reproductive purposes.
Females tend to gather in groups while males are solitary.
Females tend to go ashore in groups during the nesting period.
Females tend to group with a smaller number of people.
Females tend to grow larger than males.
Females tend to guard nests for at least part of the incubation period lasting thirty to sixty days.
Females tend to have a larger casque than males.
Females tend to have duller colours.
Females tend to have exclusive, clearly defined territories.
Females tend to have higher asthma mortality rates.
Females tend to have higher rates of chronic bronchitis than males.
Females tend to have less bone mass than men do.
Females tend to have longer, slimmer bodies than males and lack the hemipenal bulge near the vent.
Females tend to have more white on their body.
Females tend to have more-reddish coats.
Females tend to have overlapping ranges with several males.
Females tend to have smaller and more exclusive ranges than males.
Females tend to have stronger left hemisphere function.
Females tend to have thier offspring all at the same time.
Females tend to have two to three litters per year.
Females tend to have wider, although slightly smaller, abdomens than males.
Females tend to leave their birth pack at about three years.
Females tend to lighten slightly with age but remain brown.
Females tend to live in groups, but the males fight when confined together.
Females tend to live in small groups of two or three, plus their offspring.
Females tend to live longer than males.
Females tend to look larger and rounder than males.
Females tend to look slightly darker than males, and have slightly wider wing veins.
Females tend to mate with males from other clans, thereby preventing inbreeding.
Females tend to mature faster than males.
Females tend to more obedient than the males and get along better with other dogs.
Females tend to move around more than males.
Females tend to move quickly, even if they are a little older.
Females tend to pick males that are superior eg.
Females tend to pick males with the longest tail.
Females tend to prefer computer games rather than video games.
Females tend to prefer symmetrical males over asymmetrical ones.
Females tend to recall more dreams than males.
Females tend to remain in a home range that is close to, or includes their place of birth.
Females tend to remain in the den for a longer period of time than males.
Females tend to remain in their birth place throughout their lives.
Females tend to remain solitary, and are usually only found in the presence with their latest calf.
Females tend to report a higher sense of togetherness than males.
Females tend to report lower income levels than their male counterparts.
Females tend to report slightly higher levels of satisfaction than males.
Females tend to reproduce every other year.
Females tend to retain juvenile crossbands.
Females tend to retain their juvenile banding.
Females tend to return home sooner than males.
Females tend to score higher on test measuring verbal ability.
Females tend to select for males who are larger than themselves when a guest comes a-courting.
Females tend to show less iridesence than the males.
Females tend to sing near the nest site, while males often sing elsewhere.
Females tend to stay closer to the mother's range than males.
Females tend to stay closer to their mother and to interact within the family unit.
Females tend to stay longer with their mother.
Females tend to stay with the same group all their lives while males switch from group to group.
Females tend to stay with the same herd.
Females tend to stick together.
Females tend to stick with their mothers for longer, while males break away sooner.
Females tend to take themselves more seriously.
Females tend to use the body cross more often then males.
Females tend to walk more precisely in the same spot with both legs.
Females tend to work at jobs that put repetitive strain on their wrists.
Females test an approaching male by taking the male fight pose.
Females then become cysts and die.
Females then chew through bark to lay their eggs.
Females then come along and collect the sperm package.
Females then come to be seen as an inferior gender controlled by dominant inferior female traits.
Females then deposit their eggs in the cocoon where they over-winter.
Females then die, but remain in place, with the eggs protected beneath their bodies.
Females then dig a tunnel, dropping sawdust on the ground under the hole.
Females then fly to pastures and seek horses or cattle.
Females then give birth sexually during autumn , laying eggs .
Females then give birth sexually during autumn, laying eggs.
Females then give birth to live young.
Females then handle most of the four-week incubation period.
Females then help uncover eggs and break the shells open to get the juveniles out.
Females then inseminate themselves with it.
Females then leave to build their own nests.
Females then line the nests with softer materials, including feathers.
Females then mate and begin laying eggs when the plants start to bolt and bloom.
Females then release minute larvae known as planulae.
Females then return to the surrounding turfgrass areas and deposit their eggs in the soil below.
Females then search for a blood meal, while males feed on nectar.
Females then seek large vertebrate hosts during early fall.
Females then use their sponge-like mouthparts for sucking up blood.
Females tolerate other bears except for unrelated females.
Females traditionally are the primary caregivers of their infants and children.
Females transfer energy to unborn fawns, which now undergo rapid growth.
Females transfer from their natal group to a new group before breeding.
Females transmit diseases when they live long enough to spread viruses, microfilaria, etc.
Females transmit it to half of their sons.
Females travel together, along with young giraffes, which are especially vulnerable.
Females travel with their kits, with or without the adult male.
Females travel with their young until adolescence.
Females traveling alone are particularly susceptible to crime.
Females try to choose a good place to lay their eggs.
Females try to elicit information from the male, without disclosing their intentions.
Females turn back golden or buff when sexual maturity is reached, sometimes with black patches.
Females turn back to buff when they reach maturity.
Females turn black as they grow older.
Females turn dull grey with age but sometimes become blue like the male.
Females turn from light to dark green, and then become paler again as they reach maturity.
Females turn olive green with dusky bars or patches and a light-colored belly.
Females turn to a beige coloration about when attaining sexual maturity.
Females typically are bigger than the males.
Females typically are larger than males.
Females typically are larger, browner, and have more heavily marked underparts.
Females typically bear four pups every year.
Females typically breed every year.
Females typically breed two times a year at any time during the year.
Females typically excel in verbal skills.
Females typically give birth about seven months after they mate, usually to a single impala.
Females typically give birth after a six-month gestation, usually to a single infant.
Females typically give birth every other year, but a recent increase in pregnancies has been noted.
Females typically give birth only once every few years.
Females typically give birth to one offspring per year.
Females typically give birth to one to four cubs after a gestation of about three and a half months.
Females typically grow much larger than males.
Females typically grow significantly larger than males.
Females typically grow to eight and one-half feet in length.
Females typically have a relatively larger investment in producing offspring.
Females typically have one, or possibly two, litters of one to six young per year.
Females typically have two to three litters per year.
Females typically lay thousands of eggs each season, depending on the size of the mother.
Females typically live a few more years in the wild.
Females typically mate again soon after their young are born.
Females typically mate and oviposit periodically throughout their adult lives.
Females typically mature faster.
Females typically nest several times annually.
Females typically nest within a one mile radius of the lek.
Females typically pick the males with the largest saber-teeth.
Females typically produce one egg a month that can be fertilized into an embryo.
Females typically produce one or two cubs at a time.
Females typically reach maturity when two to three years old.
Females typically release many eggs.
Females typically return to the lake in the evenings when winds are down and darkness approaches.
Females typically select a den site on a rocky mountainside near or above timberline.
Females typically spend most of their social time in proximity to the leader male.
Females typically spend most of their time feeding and laying eggs near the larval development site.
Females typically weigh less, and they have been found to be less active overall.
Females typically weigh the same as their Asiatic cousins.
Females undergo menopause and are no longer reproductive.
Females undergoing oogenesis have low serum hormone levels and moderately active glands.
Females use a soft bleat to communicate with their babies.
Females use both visual and chemical cues when finding hosts plants on which to oviposit.
Females use dens to give birth and to shelter kits.
Females use illegal drugs less than males.
Females use marijuana less than males.
Females use moderately straight terrestrial paths to move from their home site to the nest.
Females use self-referent cues to avoid mating with previous mates.
Females use size and strength to protect cubs.
Females use the same nursery colony every year.
Females use the typical open habitat, and males use areas with more trees.
Females use their dull colors to hide themselves, their nest and babies from predators.
Females use their home ranges for feeding, nesting, and rearing young.
Females use their mouthparts to chew two rings of punctures around canes.
Females use their phones most often to communicate with friends.
Females use their skin color to signal a willingness or lack of willingness to mate.
Females use underground retreats in which to lay and brood their eggs.
Females usurping other HOSp nests regularly commit infanticide.
Females utilize the nutrients transferred from the male in order to increase their nutrients.
Females utilized for work are believed to be naturally inferior in performance.
Females utter a low quack.
Females vary in color from pale brown through brownish-green to almost orange.
Females velvet ants have a very painful sting.
Females visit a swarm to obtain a mate and the pair drop to the ground.
Females visit leks to shop for a mate.
Females visit the lek and examine potential mates.
Females visit the lek only to mate.
Females visit the leks to mate.
Females visit the leks to obtain matings, and then go off to raise their brood by themselves.
Females wait to become pregnant until environmental conditions seem right.
Females walk about on the ground to lay single eggs near violets.
Females walk along the ground laying single eggs on dead twigs and leaves near violets.
Females walk and fly far less than males, but do more feeding, grooming, and resting.
Females warble a love song to the male.
Females watch for the watery sparks and swim over to find the perfect match.
Females wear brown and buff.
Females wear safety belts more often than males.
Females weave a nest of grass and rootlets inside the cavity.
Females weave the large nests and they alone incubate the eggs and feed and care for the young.
Females weigh about a third of that.
Females weigh five to ten pounds less.
Females weigh half to three-quarters as much.
Females weigh in at a more demure half ton.
Females weigh less, around ten to twelve pounds when grown.
Females weigh more than males in the fall and winter.
Females weigh one half to three quarters as much.
Females weigh one third less than bulls and lack antlers.
Females weigh only half as much.
Females weigh slightly less.
Females weigh slighty less than the males.
Females work collectively to protect all offspring within their sounder.
Females work together to protect all offspring within their sounder.
Females yield edible fruit that can be messy in the landscape.
Females always wash their hair two or three time a week with special mix water.
Females frequently breed again immediately after partus.
Females frequently form shoals to reduce sexual harassment from males.
Females frequently have different mates in subsequent breeding seasons.
Females frequently lose more hairs, particularly on the thorax, in the mating process.
Females frequently stay close to their mothers.
Females often are brick red in the breeding season.
Females often bear mating scars on their dorsum.
Females often begin to avoid milk products during their teen years.
Females often breed while still nursing.
Females often come ashore to rest after mating.
Females often continue to copulate, even when conception is no longer possible.
Females often develop nipple necrosis as a result of having their teats caught between the slots.
Females often devour males after mating, too.
Females often eat their mates during copulation.
Females often fight and 'bicker' with each other.
Females often flare at other females, especially when setting up a pecking order .
Females often flatten themselves like ducks.
Females often fly around a plant several times before approaching with a pendulous flight.
Females often give birth to more than one litter per year.
Females often groom one another in an excited manner following such chases.
Females often have different coloration and a smaller head relative to the body.
Females often have dusky patches on the carapace.
Females often have elaborate routines for choosing where to lay their eggs.
Females often have few or no symptoms.
Females often have litters of up to seven kittens four to five times a year.
Females often have scars behind their gills and on their fins from males attempting to mate.
Females often lay eggs in specific locations, such as on vegetation overhanging water.
Females often maintain several nests simultaneously using progressive provisioning.
Females often make a noise sounding like the combination of a frog's croak and a pig's snort.
Females often mate with more than one male.
Females often migrate to a new community during an adolescent estrus period.
Females often nest in large colonies.
Females often nest only every two or three years.
Females often place nests in regions where soil moisture is higher than in nearby areas.
Females often produce more than one clutch per season.
Females often produce several litters annually.
Females often raise two broods a season.
Females often recycle fibers from an old nest to build a new one.
Females often renest after nest failure and sometimes after successfully rearing a brood.
Females often require secluded forests during parturition and raising of young.
Females often return to the same site.
Females often roam further from water in search of prey.
Females often select more sheltered sites than males.
Females often solicit males, and males often decline.
Females often stay with the pride and help hunt for food or raise the new cubs.
Females often stop feeding in the final stages of pregnancy.
Females often swim thousands of km to return to their native beach and lay their eggs.
Females sometimes congregate together.
Females sometimes have a greater penchant for digging.
Females sometimes have a little nub on their vent.
Females sometimes have one more instar than do males.
Females sometimes lose interest and walk away.
Females sometimes rear two litters in a year.
Females sometimes seem to intentionally use low limbs to knock males off.
Females sometimes share parts of their home range with other females.
Females usually appear light gray or white.
Females usually appear plumper when they are viewed from above.
Females usually are just a wee bit smaller than males.
Females usually bear litters in two-year cycles.
Females usually bear within a few days of each other.
Females usually begin reproducing at the age of one year.
Females usually breed before their first shed in the spring.
Females usually breed every two to three years.
Females usually breed once every two years and males mate with many females as they can each year.
Females usually build the nests themselves.
Females usually choose mates by approaching the nesting spot.
Females usually choose one male to mate with, but sometimes mate with one or more others afterwards.
Females usually come into breeding maturity earlier than males, therefore an older male is ideal.
Females usually conceive after just one breeding, but occasionally do have trouble conceiving.
Females usually den earlier, males frequently wait until the first snowfall before entering a den.
Females usually deposit egg masses on wet soil or vegetation that overhangs water.
Females usually deposit their egg capsule under loose bark.
Females usually deposit their eggs in communal nesting sites.
Females usually develop irregular menstrual cycles.
Females usually die soon after they stop ovipositing.
Females usually dig nests on sand bars that receive sunlight.
Females usually gather in the center of a mixed party.
Females usually give birth every other year.
Females usually give birth every three to four years.
Females usually give birth in a standing position.
Females usually give birth once in two years.
Females usually give birth to a litter of six to eight pups, but up to twelve have been observed.
Females usually give birth to a single offspring.
Females usually give birth to a single pup and stay with it for about six days or so.
Females usually give birth to a single young per year, but twins are common.
Females usually give birth to one infant at a time which is carried on the abdomen.
Females usually give birth to one infant, though twins are rare.
Females usually give birth to one offspring.
Females usually give birth to one or two babies per litter.
Females usually give birth to one pup a year, although twin births occur occasionally.
Females usually give birth to one young.
Females usually give shorter, higher pitched calls.
Females usually go through puberty slightly earlier than males.
Females usually grow larger as well.
Females usually grow longer than males.
Females usually guard their eggs during the incubation period.
Females usually have a dark crown patch.
Females usually have a dark spotted necklace.
Females usually have a distinctive 'tip' at the apex of the brood chamber.
Females usually have a reddish hourglass shape on the underside of their abdomens.
Females usually have a silkier and thinner coat than that of the males.
Females usually have a single pair of mammae.
Females usually have a slightly more spotted appearance.
Females usually have a slightly more spotted appeareance.
Females usually have a small range, while males occupy areas of greater than two miles.
Females usually have a smaller head and beak than males.
Females usually have an interval of two years between successive breeding years.
Females usually have brown eyes and much smaller tails.
Females usually have cryptic plumage, in order to incubate the eggs with more safety.
Females usually have four mammae, sometimes more.
Females usually have four mammae.
Females usually have four or six mammae.
Females usually have from four to six tail bands.
Females usually have just one pup in a season.
Females usually have less severe symptoms.
Females usually have litters of three or four kits, but some have up to six.
Females usually have litters of three to five babies.
Females usually have one calf every year.
Females usually have one child every six years.
Females usually have one functional ovary that connects to the oviduct.
Females usually have one pair of pectoral mammae and two pairs of inguinal mammae.
Females usually have one to two cubs at a time.
Females usually have only one litter a year with one to five babies in each litter.
Females usually have six mammae but occasionally have only four.
Females usually have smaller wattles when grown than males do.
Females usually have their first birth in their mid-teens.
Females usually have their first litter at age three.
Females usually have their menopause in middle age , when they stop bleeding every month .
Females usually have their menopause in middle age, when they stop bleeding every month.
Females usually have three pairs of mammae, but sometimes there are only two pairs.
Females usually have two litters, sometimes three, per year.
Females usually have two or three immature instars and males usually have four.
Females usually have two pairs of mammae.
Females usually have two years of reproductive activity.
Females usually hunt alone.
Females usually incubate the eggs while the males hunt, bringing food to their mates.
Females usually lack horns, but occur on occasion.
Females usually lay their eggs around dawn.
Females usually lay their eggs in shallow, calm water that has little action around it.
Females usually live beyond seventeen years old.
Females usually look for food on their own.
Females usually mate only once, while males mate with many females.
Females usually mate successfully for the first time between the ages of six and eight.
Females usually mature after six or seven years.
Females usually mature sexually at an earlier age than males.
Females usually move to the spawning areas just before the males.
Females usually nurse only their own cubs and reject approaches by other cubs.
Females usually outnumber males.
Females usually pay higher premiums because they tend to live longer.
Females usually place their nests in the upper two-thirds of nest trees.
Females usually produce a pup every two years.
Females usually produce one or two litters of three to five young.
Females usually produce two litters annually.
Females usually reach maturity in late spring and emerge from their cysts.
Females usually reach sexual maturity around one year of age.
Females usually reach sexual maturity around the age of ten and nest every two to four years.
Females usually reach sexual maturity at about four years of age, males at about six years.
Females usually receive a sex allowance as well.
Females usually remain in the same troop for life.
Females usually remain in the same troop with their mothers.
Females usually remain near the area in which they hatched if food is ample and suitable.
Females usually remain with the eggs until hatching.
Females usually remain with their mother's herd.
Females usually reproduce every five years.
Females usually return to the same beaches year after year.
Females usually return to the same nest site year after year.
Females usually sing after males establish territory but before nesting starts.
Females usually start breeding at three to five years old.
Females usually start the courtship process.
Females usually stay in localized areas, while males migrate more.
Females usually stay with the pride for their entire life, although some are known to live alone.
Females usually stick around with their parents for protection.
Females usually suck the blood in the night.
Females usually survive the mating season to breed a second or third time.
Females usually take longer to mature and are mostly outnumbered by males.
Females usually turn brown and gray.
Females usually wait in bushes, grass and trees and scope out the males as they fly around.
Females usually weigh a little less than the males.
Females usually weigh less than .
All females are born with reproductive capacities.
All females are capable of stinging .
All females are diploid while males are haploid.
All females are potential queens -there is no worker caste.
All females begin immature.
All females care for one another's young.
All females carry only the X chromosome.
All females have a chemical that they release to attract distant males.
All females leave their natal group to join other groups, often more than once.
All females ovulate at the same time during a period of five to seven weeks in mid or late winter.
All females rank higher than males in the clan.
All females share caring responsibilities for infants, a practice called allomothering.
All females welcome ,any age .
Any female can hookup with any male.
Any female entering the living cloud is seized immediately by a male.
Any female is welcome to write.
Every female carrying a purse is a potential target.
Every female has at least two and probably three or more sources of sperm.
Every female is a potential victim of sexual assault.
Every female is different.
Many females also have an emerald green eye streak instead of cobalt.
Many females also have an eye streak as well although it is emerald green rather than cobalt.
Many females also have an eye streak but it is usually light turquoise or emerald green.
Many females are hesitant about the man's role in marriage as stated in the Bible.
Many females are thin and emaciated when they reach full term.
Many females are wingless and look considerably different than the males.
Many females breed within two days after giving birth to a litter.
Many females carry briefcases to and from work as they click down the sidewalks in high heels.
Many females choose majors which require little or no math.
Many females deposit their eggs together.
Many females end up selecting the same male, and many underperforming males are left without mates.
Many females evidently have three annual litters.
Many females excel in the humanities and social sciences.
Many females have a stinger at the tip of the abdomen.
Many females have a whitish discharge between periods.
Many females have no symptoms.
Many females lack confidence.
Many females mate with more than one male before entering diapause.
Many females prefer romance novels to porn films.
Many females prefer to stay in the same territory, even if they have lost their mates.
Many females stop producing eggs.
Many females suffer from sexual dysfunction.
Many females trim several inches off their waist by doing short or long distance runs up hills.
Many females wear insufficient garments during winter .
Many females wrongly identify careers in computing as being nerdy and isolating.
More females live in urban areas and more males in rural areas.
More females mean less exhaustion.
More females occur in late spring than in winter.
More females play basketball than any other team sport.
More females report never having registered with a Web site.
More females watch it than perhaps most other science fiction series.
Most females are capable of conceiving and bearing children beginning in their mid-teen years.
Most females are larger and stronger than the males and occasionally they eat males.
Most females are larger in size than the males.
Most females are less brilliant but also very pretty.
Most females are pregnant by whatever male breached the walls.
Most females are sexually mature at about five to six years.
Most females bear calves once every two years.
Most females begin reproducing around the age of one.
Most females begin to eat right away after they get home.
Most females breed at least twice a season, giving birth to two to six per litter.
Most females can dominate males even though they are physically smaller.
Most females can mate once every three or four years.
Most females eat little or nothing from the time they become gravid until their eggs hatch.
Most females enjoy getting sexual attention.
Most females enjoy it.
Most females extrude eggs annually, although some appear to do so without moulting and mating.
Most females give birth every other year.
Most females give birth to one baby every year.
Most females give birth to one pup per year and raise it in a nursery colony with other females.
Most females go through an estrus cycle.
Most females have no symptoms.
Most females have no teeth at all.
Most females mate in their first year.
Most females mate with a single male after visiting bowers of multiple males.
Most females mate with only their local male and give birth about five weeks after mating.
Most females prefer a more serene, meditative approach to getting ready to participate.
Most females probably have one or maximum two litters per year.
Most females produce two litters a year of one or two young.
Most females produce two litters, sometimes a third.
Most females resist philandering males, however some seek out copulation from more than one male.
Most females return faithfully to the same beach each time they are ready to nest.
Most females show cream edging on the lesser and middle coverts.
Most females spawn twice and then die.
Most females stop eating while brooding the eggs and die after the eggs hatch.
Most females think of morality personally.
Most females tolerate nursing attempts by orphaned pups.
Most females uses drug overdoses.
Most females wear cotton dresses or skirts and blouses.
Some females actively defend their nest.
Some females actually take the initiative, initiating copulation repeatedly with the same male.
Some females also have a dewlap, but it is much less noticeable.
Some females also have a white patch there, but in males, the bump is very very distinct.
Some females also play and splash in water, roll, and walk backwards.
Some females also turn red.
Some females apparently are completely parasitic.
Some females are also black regardless of age.
Some females are black with a marginal row of yellow spots.
Some females are gray and pink with a white, powdery coating.
Some females are more socially active and have a stronger social bond with the harem male.
Some females are pickier about which host to lay their eggs on than others.
Some females are sexually mature and mate when they're one year of age.
Some females are unable to reproduce.
Some females become uncomfortable and leave by climbing over fence.
Some females begin to look like males as they get older.
Some females breed at least twice a year.
Some females can choose males for their good genes.
Some females can conceive before they are a year old.
Some females can eject sperm from an undesirable mate.
Some females can even die during delivery.
Some females can produce two clutches of eggs in the one season.
Some females clearly prefer such friendly males as mates.
Some females delay eggs.
Some females do, however, show a limited expression of the male breeding plumage.
Some females even lift their leg much as a male does.
Some females experience heavy vaginal bleeding during oestrus.
Some females experience painful or less flow of blood, etc., during menstrual cycle.
Some females first breed in their third year, producing young in their fourth year.
Some females gain complete male pigmentation as they advance in age.
Some females give birth successfully every few years while others produce no calves at all.
Some females go in search of other males and solicit copulations.
Some females go through a false pregnancy every time they come into heat.
Some females have a postpartum estrus and produce more than one litter per year.
Some females have a second litter.
Some females have the ability to retain the developing eggs inside prior to hatching.
Some females however lay eggs as later as four years.
Some females just walk briskly out of reach, others reach for a chunk of fur.
Some females live more than three years.
Some females lower the entire front end slightly when using their eyes.
Some females make slits in the stem above water level and deposits the eggs into the slits.
Some females migrate to warmer water to give birth in the fall.
Some females nest quite late in the day.
Some females plunge the entire tip of their abdomen into mud or silt to deposit eggs.
Some females probably travel between leks.
Some females produce a litter each breeding season but one litter per year is more common.
Some females raise two broods over the summer.
Some females reach a period of maximum swelling in two or three days, while others take longer.
Some females return year after year to the same site.
Some females sing, but it is often just a garbled version of the song of the male.
Some females skip a year in between breeding attempts to help restore their body condition.
Some females skip reproductive opportunities.
Some females start nests by themselves.
Some females stay with their parents for a few years.
Some females take eighteen months to two years to develop a regular cycle.
Some females cats act the same towards other females' kittens.
Feminine beauty continues to increase until the attainment of sexual maturity.
Feminine beauty is emphasized overwhelmingly today.
Feminine carriage is something that applies equally to transsexual or genetic women.
Feminine endings are important because they give the music shape.
Feminine labor is characterized by insecurity and underground work.
Feminine lodges are open only to women and masculine lodges only to men.
Feminine nature tends to become circular and repetitive.
Feminine power is focused on the energy of giving from the self to create divine life.
Feminine powers is receptive in nature to allowing the best that can be achieved to surface.
Many feminine products are heavily scented.
Feminine protection is a sensitive area but one that is essential to get addressed.
Feminine psychology demands a change in Freudian orthodoxy.
Feminine rhyme See rhyme.
Feminine signs are more magnetic and receptive.
Feminine solidarity is a wonderful thing.
Feminine virtue is nothing but a convenient masculine invention.
Feminine vitality is the overall feeling of good health.
Feminine voices murmur words of assent.
Femininity belongs to the realm of the secret, the masculine to the realm of the obscene .
Femininity here is alluring but artificial, glamorous but commercial.
Femininity is a trait
Femininity is about appearing beautiful and vulnerable and small.
Femininity is about taking care of our looks.
Femininity is as femininity does.
Femininity is hard to define.
Femininity is traits.
Femininity receives .
A feminism is a cause
Feminism advocates opportunities.
Feminism advocates women entering careers that expand their minds.
Feminism aims to break the bonds of anatomy and deny that biology is in any sense destiny.
Feminism alleges to be about women's freedom.
Feminism also coincides with anti-racist thought.
Feminism also leads to senile dementia.
Feminism becomes polarization along gender barriers.
Feminism believes that women suffer from past that was hierarchical, hegemonic, and patriarchal.
Feminism cafronts tecnology.
Feminism calls for women's ordination.
Feminism can be very sexy.
Feminism consists in calling attention to and eradicating gender-based oppression.
Feminism covers a very wide range of theoretical approaches and practical activities.
Feminism Critiques the unequal social, economic, political, and sexual status of women to men.
Feminism describes activism and a commitment to action as much as a range of ideas.
Feminism desires to reevaluate the way society under stands femininity and womanhood.
Feminism ebbs and flows.
Feminism emphasizes that humanity is neither noble nor base and nations, big or small, are equal.
Feminism exists to be blamed.
Feminism gets a bad rap even from young women.
Feminism has it's problems now as it did it in the past.
Feminism has no age.
Feminism has no gender.
Feminism has no sense of color.
Feminism has various meaning for each person, and colleges consider different things important.
Feminism hates men, and it especially hates men who act like men, men who take charge.
Feminism iguores the natural and spiritual realities of the differences between men and women.
Feminism illuminates the systematic oppression of groups by hierarchical social structures.
Feminism is a biological aberration.
Feminism is a buttress for true masculinity.
Feminism is a component of civil society.
Feminism is a confusing and usually misunderstood subject no matter what country is being discussed.
Feminism is a culture a renewed society .
Feminism is a double pronged project, including scholarship and activism.
Feminism is a fight for women's rights - power rights.
Feminism is a frightening, dirty word.
Feminism is a political ideoogy that calls for the radical reordering of society.
Feminism is a project.
Feminism is a reality .
Feminism is a respect a respect of women, a respect of humanity, a respect of life.
Feminism is a social movement concerned with women's emancipation.
Feminism is a transformational force, an individual and social force.
Feminism is about breaking down arbitrary barriers.
Feminism is about challenging unequal power structures.
Feminism is about changing the way that people see men and women.
Feminism is about choice, after all.
Feminism is about choices for women.
Feminism is about choices.
Feminism is about empowerment, pop-feminism, about power.
Feminism is about equal rights for women.
Feminism is about signs.
Feminism is about the self.
Feminism is all about the power to choose.
Feminism is also about women believing in their own importance.
Feminism is also the force behind the myth of the second-class medical citizen.
Feminism is an all-class alliance which sees all women as equally oppressed.
Feminism is an analysis of power in relationships between individuals and between groups of people.
Feminism is an experiment in social change.
Feminism is an interesting thing.
Feminism is as much about freeing men from their roles as it is about freeing women.
Feminism is at the cutting edge of nearly all major intellectual disciplines.
Feminism is broadened into a wider matriarchal panorama.
Feminism is chaos.
Feminism is concerned with acknowledging the personal sphere as a social and political space.
Feminism is concerned, first and foremost, with social justice for all women.
Feminism is dead and death dealing.
Feminism is dead.
Feminism is dissected and shown to be contradictory.
Feminism is divided on the issue of the sex industry.
Feminism is Earth.
Feminism is fundamentally about equality between men and women.
Feminism is healthy.
Feminism is indeed compatable with romance.
Feminism is itself an ongoing conversation.
Feminism is just a wide category and there is just too much to look at and understand.
Feminism is more than an ideology, more than a philosophy.
Feminism is more than gender equality.
Feminism is more than rejecting traditional expectations of womanhood.
Feminism is more than simply observing inequality and obtaining access to positions of power.
Feminism is no different from any of the other campaigns.
Feminism is no longer something women want to be associated with.
Feminism is now a major controversial part of society.
Feminism is now more about equal rights for women in general.
Feminism is now more than ever incredibly relevant to women on campus.
Feminism is of course penis envy writ large.
Feminism is part of a larger philosophy that values all life.
Feminism is part of our culture.
Feminism is relief from the pressure to be confined to only the traditional female role.
Feminism is responsibility .
Feminism is seen as an individual accomplishment.
Feminism is sin.
Feminism is something individual to each feminist.
Feminism is still under constant attack.
Feminism is supposed to be a movement about ensuring equality between the two genders.
Feminism is suspicious of social structures that are hierarchical.
Feminism is taken up in studies of sf much earlier than anti-racist discourse.
Feminism is the balance between strength and love that women manage to maintain.
Feminism is the belief that women are superior to men.
Feminism is the best thing that ever happened to men.
Feminism is the idea that people are equal.
Feminism is the life force of the universe the blue print for procreation .
Feminism is the mind, the body, the soul.
Feminism is the modest proposal that women are human beings, too.
Feminism is the most revolutionary idea there has ever been.
Feminism is the movement to end the oppression women as a group face.
Feminism is the political and social movements that promote women's equality and rights.
Feminism is the potential to understand.
Feminism is the radical notion that woman are people.
Feminism is the radical notion that women are people.
Feminism is the theory, lesbianism is the practice, goes the slogan.
Feminism is the theory, lesbianism is the practice.
Feminism is the world's most impotent political movement.
Feminism is therefore a religious perversion.
Feminism is treated as though it is a dirty word, when actually, it is the key to gender equality.
Feminism is usually as popular now as the plague was, centuries ago.
Feminism is very boring.
Feminism is vibrant and thriving and making unprecedented gains for women and girls.
Feminism is what keeps women's souls nurtured and alive.
Feminism is, after all, a movement that blurs the personal with the political.
Feminism is, in a sense, already divided from itself, beside itself, and marked as plural.
Feminism is, properly, part of a larger philosophy that values all life.
Feminism keeps saying the sexes are the same.
Feminism lingers like lead in old paint.
Feminism looks at patriarchy, values of masculinity, differing styles, stereotyping and prejudice.
Feminism means creating a healthy environment for all women.
Feminism means freedom to learn more.
Feminism means many different things to different people.
Feminism means the action by women and men to establish equality and justice for women.
Feminism meets queer theory.
Feminism necessarily has various shades and diverse tendencies.
Feminism needs fresh faces, fresh ideas and fresh voices.
Feminism needs more men to be active in feminism.
Feminism parallels racism and sexism.
Feminism provides a good example of that.
Feminism refutes discrimination.
Feminism remains a pretty simple concept, despite repeated . . .
Feminism represents freedom for women.
Feminism requires ferocity, and hence verbal violence in defense of our freedom.
Feminism seeks to include ALL women.
Feminism seeks to include women in human rights.
Feminism seems to grow in complexity.
Feminism seems to have had no effect on pornography.
Feminism sees patriarchy as more pervasive, and as oppressive to women.
Feminism stands for equality of access to rights, responsibilities and opportunities.
Feminism tends to be an ideology that evokes instinctive indifference in males.
Feminism works to change both laws and attitudes and thereby to keep women secure in their rights.
Feminisms are doctrines.
Feminisms are political ideology.
Feminism usually involves women's equality with men in intellect, ability, and morality.
Feminist actions fly in the face of their rhetoric.
Feminist activists claim the greatest obstacle is the attitude and behavior of male colleagues.
Feminist activists thrive on a good challenge.
Feminist analysis reveals some of the chief causes and costs of militarizing U.S. foreign policies.
Feminist anthropology has a very important analytical position in gender studies generally. . . .
Feminist anthropology provides yet another example.
Feminist arguments are now nuisances to productive society.
Feminist authors search in vain for a publisher.
Some feminist authors are quite open about pushing for a maternal subsidy.
Feminist bookstores showcase the most exciting books by, about and for women.
Feminist cartoons are also acceptable under the same provisions.
Feminist causes are more politically correct now than helping the poor and minorities.
Feminist criminology contains many branches.
Feminist discourse sees an importance in involvement and practice.
Feminist discourse spars off with post-apartheid theory.
Feminist economists call for a shift in how economic success is measured.
Feminist economists see such variation as a crucial factor to be included in economics.
Feminist ethics is a diverse endeavor represented by a diversity of feminist ethical theories.
Feminist ethics is studied, as is the effects of colonialism on women and the environment.
Feminist ethicists see the rapidly growing technology as a threat to women's autonomy.
All feminist faculty can be advisors.
Feminist fighting is against men, family, culture - is utmost perversion.
Some feminist groups make the point that two-parent families can be bad for children, which is true.
Feminist history is also well-represented in the high profile journals.
Feminist ideas develop partly within their own area of debate, acquiring their own momentum.
Feminist identity affects perceptions of prime time TV characters.
Feminist ideology is explored as well.
Feminist interpretation is now a methodological approach itself.
Feminist interpretation lends itself to combination with New Historicism.
Feminist lives are neither prim nor grim but full of zest, courage and commitment.
Some feminist literature condemns the way our organizations work because they lack female strengths.
Feminist methodology informs the research methodology adopted here.
Feminist movement is a cause
Feminist movements abound.
Feminist organizations are diverse in interests and small in number.
Feminist paradigm ignores contrary evidence.
Feminist pedagogy examines the formation of knowledge and strives for social and political equality.
Feminist pedagogy has much to offer all people, male and female.
Feminist pedagogy is now an accepted method of teaching.
All feminist performance is a political act with serious intentions.
Feminist philosophers state that a woman's style is nurturing.
Feminist philosophers work within and across other philosophical traditions.
Feminist praxis is the link between passion and justice.
Many feminist presses seem to have an imprint for speculative or utopian fiction.
Feminist process is a powerful tool for transformation.
Feminist programs tend to rely on a single personality or particular group to survive.
Feminist research aims to create social change .
Feminist research strives to represent human diversity .
Feminist ritual has many faces.
Feminist scholars brush aside the heroic tradition.
Feminist science is more of a stretch.
Feminist sensibilities battle the desire for burpable plastic lids.
Feminist sensibilities welcome.
Feminist services are under-funded.
Feminist sociologists make a similar point, but starting from a different premise.
Feminist spirituality promotes a belief that women are goddesses.
Feminist spirituality teaches post-abortion rituals.
Feminist theologians conceptualize sin as a. pride.
Feminist theologies insist upon the radical equality of all human beings.
Feminist theorists argue that the body and the personal are political sites.
Feminist theorists bypass or dismiss all such matters, as irrelevant to the main issue.
Feminist theories supply the sociocultural insights which complement contrastive rhetoric.
Feminist theory acknowledges no single orthodoxy.
Feminist theory finds different uses in different locations.
Feminist theory is amazing.
Feminist theory is explored.
Feminist theory supports journal writing as a way for women muted by society to come to voice.
All feminist theories start with a set of observations about women in society.
Many feminist theories are very general and vague ignoring alternative female experiences.
Feminist therapists accept and validate their clients feelings.
Feminist therapists accept and validate their clients' feelings.
Feminist therapy recognizes that environmental pressures affect a woman's identity.
Feminist therapy recognizes that women are both shaped by and shape their environment.
Feminist thought represents a transformation of consciousness, social forms, and modes of action.
Feminist values argue for replacing hierarchical authority with participatory decision-making.
A feminist is a person
Feminists accuse Catholicism of being thoroughly patriarchal.
Feminists act disdainfully.
Feminists are a strident lot.
Feminists are also anti-family.
Feminists are always uncomfortable.
Feminists are as divided as the general population is over the pornography versus censorship debate.
Feminists are as much a targeted consumer demographic as sports fans and teenagers.
Feminists are bossy.
Feminists are butt ugly .
Feminists are concerned with the oppression through political and social standards.
Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women are as strong and as capable as a man.
Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women are as strong as capable as men.
Feminists are divided on the issue of commercial surrogacy.
Feminists are egalitarians.
Feminists are interested in why 'women' are treated as inferior to men.
Feminists are lesbians.
Feminists are man haters.
Feminists are masochists.
Feminists are merely conspiracy theorists who have garnered far too much popular legitimacy.
Feminists are out.
Feminists are particularly good at it.
Feminists are people.
Feminists are perhaps the strongest voice.
Feminists are reformers.
Feminists are right.
Feminists are under a spell.
Feminists are very supportive of families who have a stay at home parent.
Feminists are well on the way to being fully integrated into U.S. military combat units.
Feminists argue that industrialisation affected men and women differently.
Feminists believe in the institution of the family.
Feminists believe that pornography gives men a power of control over women.
Feminists believe that there can be no equality as long as women are our primary homemakers.
Feminists burn bras and female accessories in protest of the Miss America pageant.
Feminists call for the end of chauvinism in film.
Feminists call it an invitation to murder. . . .
Feminists can do anything, but they still get the day off when they have their periods.
Feminists can improve on their success when feminism is defined without victimizing women.
Feminists claim that the old order reflected misogyny and discrimination.
Feminists claim they have, many times, likening it to hatred of women.
Feminists come to town, unsuspecting that a murder is about to occur in their midst.
Feminists critique the medicalization of women's lives.
Feminists debate the ethics of taking direct action against alleged rapists.
Feminists defend a serial harasser, predator and accused rapist.
Feminists demand equal rights always and everywhere.
Feminists do anything they want to do in their sex lives.
Feminists do fight for freedom of speech when it is a real fight for real freedom of real speech.
Feminists face new problems while trying to solve old ones.
Feminists fight and struggle for women's liberation.
Feminists find gender everywhere in science.
Feminists focus on the links between power and gender.
Feminists focus on the politics of perspective.
Feminists hate men.
Feminists have a challenge in regaining a sense of consistency.
Feminists have a point here.
Feminists have different relationships with men.
Feminists have different strategies for discussing the body.
Feminists have poor relationships with men.
Feminists have their ax to grind just like everyone else.
Feminists have, in our time, overcome age-old restrictions that kept women from public lives.
Feminists know a loophole when they see one.
Feminists know better.
Feminists know that if they eliminate the concept of beauty , they've succeeded.
Feminists like to talk about heroines.
Feminists live on Domino's Pizza.
Feminists look at civilian-based defense.
Feminists object to such arrangements on three grounds.
Feminists offer pointers for dating.
Feminists oppose the bill.
Feminists point out an interesting parallel between women and 'the colonised'.
Feminists regard the right to abortion as fundamental to women's liberation from male oppression.
Feminists repeatedly cite instances of rape and incest in their defense of abortion.
Feminists rethink the self.
Feminists say strip clubs degrade women.
Feminists say that if either partner can be taxed on it, that's a step back to joint taxation.
Feminists say that they are seeking a principal known as equality.
Feminists see any attempt to recreate a society where men are vital as evil.
Feminists see gallantry as a vestigial protocol, unwelcome on their turf.
Feminists seek equality for men and women.
Feminists smear menstrual blood on each other for entertainment.
Feminists theorize the politcal.
Feminists theorize the political.
Feminists think boys are little monsters, and so do conservatives.
Feminists threaten to give hypocrisy a bad name.
Feminists understandably take a very hard line on men who do commit domestic violence.
Feminists use the idea of a gendered notion to mean different things.
Feminists wish women to seem like men.
Feminists usually indicate that men are victims of the system that they themselves created.
All feminists are the same.
All feminists believe that women are treated unfairly by men.
Many feminists are lukewarm to breastfeeding.
Many feminists are totally against prostitution and pornography, etc.
Many feminists attribute the movement to white male sexism.
Many feminists believe that they are uncomfortably caught in a paradoxical situation.
Many feminists call attention to value judgments in economic analysis.
Many feminists express misgivings over abortion based on sex.
Many feminists give up their femininity as one of their first actions for the cause.
Many feminists promote care, interaction, and discourse.
Many feminists see both women and animals as beings that have been repressed for thousands of years.
Many feminists try to portray violence against women as the norm in traditional homes.
Many feminists view Darwinian theories on sex with skepticism, or bile.
Many feminists vigorously claim that there is little attention paid to their health care.
Some feminists actually collapse the accusation between rape and sex.
Some feminists are more likely to pick qualitative methods for ethical and idealogical reasons.
Some feminists argue that pre-nuptial agreements further victimize women in divorce.
Some feminists argue that women bring their experiences and values as carers into politics.
Some feminists believe that there are important differences between men and women.
Some feminists resent that a man has written a book about the goddess.
Some feminists say that reinforces women's traditional roles as caregivers and nurturers.
Some feminists wish to ban sexist material, other groups oppose feminist works.
Feminists ideology abounds in America's universities today.
Feminization of poverty is no joke.
A feminization is a biological process
Feminization is a by - product of the control process.
Feminization is essentially the default mode of development.
Feminization occurs in males only.
Feminized religion leaves a hole in the soul.
Femoral branches supply the skin of the back of the thigh and calf.
Femoral drapes have dual fenestrations for maximum flexibility during the procedure.
Femoral heads obtained during hip replacement can be quite useful.
Femoral hernias appear as a small lump at the top of the leg.
Femoral hernias occur in the area of weakness just below the groin.
Femoral hernias occur in the femoral canal under the inguinal ligament into the thigh.
Femoral neuropathies can occur secondary to direct trauma, compression, stretch injury or ischemia.
Femoral neuropathy causes weakness of the quadriceps, which results in difficulty with ambulation.
Femoral pores are also a good way to identify related species.
Femoral pores are occasionally present.
Femoral pores are present on the males.
Femoral pores found in females are indistinct and flat.
A femoral pulse is a heart rate
Femoral pulses are absent.
Femoral pulses are equal.
Femoral pulses are normal and equal.
Femoral pulses are pulses.
Femoral pulses are weak.
Femoral rollback is the posterior translation of the femur on the tibia during flexion.
A femtochemistry is chemistry
Femtochemistry enables scientists to understand how and why certain chemical reactions take place.
Femtosecond chemistry has both fundamental and strategic applications.
Femtosecond pulses offer the possibility of writing waveguides in the bulk of transparent materials.
A femtosecond is unit of time
Femtoseconds are on the time scale in which the reactions occur.
Femtoseconds are the time scale for ultrafast chemical reactions and internal motions in molecules.
A femur is a leg bone
Femur begins to grind away in the socket.
Femur fracture laboratory.
Femur is removable.
Femur length nearly twice that of the humerus.
Femurs are bones.
Femurs are long bones.
Femurs are part of thighs.
A fen is an unit
Fen confers sensitivity to the insecticide fenthion.
Fen isa wetland.
Fens also develop in cool and wet climates, but they have a better nutrient supply than bogs.
Fens also occur at the foot of calcareous slopes.
Fens also produce peat but are fed by streams or by ground water.
Fens also produce peat, but unlike bogs they are nou rished by streams and rivers.
Fens also support reeds, orchids, grasses and trees in the drier parts.
Fens are a rare type of wetland found in the sandhill wetlands.
Fens are found throughout the world, wherever water gathers and flows from a catchment.
Fens are groundwater-fed wetlands with soils high in moisture and organic matter.
Fens are inland, freshwater marshes common in lime-rich areas.
Fens are minerotrophic which means that their water supply is from the mineral-rich ground water.
Fens are palustrine wetlands characterized by the surficial exposure of alkaline groundwater.
Fens are peat-forming wetlands that support diverse plant and animal communities.
Fens are peatlands with wet, spongy ground.
Fens are the rarest wetlands and they are given special protection.
Fens are typically more productive and less acidic than bogs.
Fens are wet because of underground seeps or springs, and have alkaline water.
Fens are wet year-round and have good drainage.
Fens are wetland.
Fens are wetlands having peaty soils and strong groundwater flows.
Fens come in a very wide range of different forms.
Fens exhibit much greater species diversity than bogs.
Fens form non-acidic peat.
Fens have a higher plant diversity than bogs due to higher nutrient levels.
Fens have boggy or quaking bottom soils.
Fens have slow moving water that rinses acid from the soil.
Fens have special protection under the Minnesota Wetlands Conservation Act.
Fens produce grains, potatoes, sugar beats, and many more.
Fens provide critical habitat for many rare plants.
Fens receive some drainage inputs from surrounding mineral soils and supports marsh-like vegetation.
Fens receive water from groundwater sources.
A fence lizard is a spiny lizard
Fence lizards live in the southern half and into the northeast corner of Missouri.
Fence lizards vary in color from gray to brown.
Fence posts are another favorite perch.
Fence posts collapse when burned through.
Fence posts tend to rot at the bottom and on top.
A fence is a barrier
Fence buy inexpensive baseball equipment.
Fence calculate any health of experience.
Fence cows out of ponds.
Fence dump sites and bury trash.
Fence gives way.
Fence includes a hairline indicator and measuring scale to increase the guillotine's performance.
Fence is a new journal of poetry, fiction, criticism, and art.
Fence is a noun used to modify post adjectivally.
Fence is Canadian.
Fence is connected to both sides of the pole.
Fence is critical.
Fence is destroyed.
Fence is eight feet in height including two strands of wire to top the six-foot fencing.
Fence is removed.
Fence is useful for trimming or extending a large group of objects in one fell swoop.
Fence isa barrier.
Fence jams to be done as ditch banks.
Fence Let n be an even number.
Fence moving still goes on.
Fence occupy toward no fright yet dine Oil.
Fence only covers right half of table.
Fence post durability study.
Fence straddling days are over.
Fence surrounds the entire perimeter.
Fence tags A matched pair of bracketing tokens like parentheses, braces, and brackets.
Fences  jumps.
Fences also help keep out other wildlife that cause damage, such as rabbits and ground squirrels.
Fences also work against adult pronghorns trying to escape from coyotes.
Fences are a key component of success with livestock.
Fences are a long-term and relatively inexpensive solution.
Fences are a necessity.
Fences are also good indices to the quality of the farm on which they occur.
Fences are also more important if the second and third perimeters of the school are weak.
Fences are barriers to restrict movement of livestock.
Fences are barriers.
Fences are borders.
Fences are boundaries.
Fences are classic, and avoid suffocation.
Fences are common elements along the road.
Fences are costly and require regular repair and maintenance.
Fences are different for the types of animals they contain.
Fences are easy to build, and the materials are readily available.
Fences are easy to construct from pre-formed units or from scratch.
Fences are everywhere as the chemical hazard is finally recognized.
Fences are expensive.
Fences are fair to good.
Fences are good.
Fences are ideal for growing many vegetables, especially vining types such as cucumbers and melons.
Fences are ideal to use as support for vines.
Fences are ignoble.
Fences are impossible to shred under.
Fences are in good condition and water and electricity are available.
Fences are in good shape.
Fences are mostly timber and coops.
Fences are motivated by the goal of new radios.
Fences are motivated by the goal of privacies.
Fences are often the best solution around gardens and high value commercial crops.
Fences are paradoxical.
Fences are reasonably effective against rabbits.
Fences are seven-year property.
Fences are stone and wood, with post and rails.
Fences are straight forward and solid.
Fences are to be hidden in the valleys and kept off the horizons where possible.
Fences are traders.
Fences are walls.
Fences attract birds, who sow weed and tree seeds.
Fences begin to appear everywhere.
Fences block access to strange buildings.
Fences built in the wrong locations often contribute to prescriptive easement creation.
Fences buy stolen artworks.
Fences can act as a windbreak, break for drifting snow or glaring sun.
Fences can act as migration barriers to antelope.
Fences can be a major obstacle.
Fences can be of almost any material.
Fences can be positive.
Fences can be very open or light tight.
Fences can create privacy, act as a shield from the weather or street noise, or screen an ugly view.
Fences can fail.
Fences can help protect crops.
Fences can limit damage from rabbits.
Fences can o nly reach a certain height so that yards are visible from the street.
Fences can shock or cut - stay clear.
Fences create a barrier between deer and the protected vegetation.
Fences create barriers.
Fences create physical barriers.
Fences cross the river outside the park.
Fences deny freedom.
Fences differ in function and purpose.
Fences do have significant risk involved.
Fences do little to keep cats out.
Fences dont buy marked or tagged stolen goods.
Fences exclude cattle, therby limiting soil erosion and promoting the growth of aquatic plants.
Fences exist on the majority of the islands.
Fences further restrict off-road movement.
Fences have (part) bases.
Fences have (part) sections.
Fences have a lot of different uses.
Fences have a visual and economic impact on properties and neighborhoods.
Fences have posts.
Fences help reduce erosion.
Fences is a game for two players.
Fences keep memory's weight tied to knotted storms, forestalling distemper.
Fences last for many years.
Fences last for years.
Fences maintain boundaries and property lines.
Fences make for good neighbors.
Fences make good neighbors.
Fences make it hard for animals to migrate or move to different habitats.
Fences mean nothing to the thousands of antelope running around Wyoming.
Fences offer the perfect support for many vining plants.
Fences only block access to the pool area .
Fences placed on property lines require approval of both property owners.
Fences prove useless, man and beast engage in steel-cage match.
Fences provide best results.
Fences provide results.
Fences provide the most long-term and effective way to protect plantings from hare damage.
Fences provide the most long-term and effective way to protect plantings from rabbit damage.
Fences remain broken which currently allows easy access to the site.
Fences require maintenance, but the work pays off.
Fences require periodic replacements.
Fences require replacements.
Fences require wood as durable under similar exposure but without the same mechanical strain.
Fences run along both sides of the road.
Fences seem to be very popular lately.
Fences seem to require a lot of tending.
Fences sell stolen goods.
Fences sell stolen items.
Fences separating the street and the spaces are BAD because of their feeling of enclosure.
Fences stand up on the tables as opposed to laying flat.
Fences surround entrances.
Fences surround the city's four high schools, forcing traffic into safe, predictable patterns.
Fences work best when protecting relatively small areas.
All fences being installed, regardless of the length of fence, require a permit.
Most fences create barriers.
Most fences create physical barriers.
Most fences provide best results.
Most fences provide results.
Most fences require periodic replacements.
Most fences require replacements.
Most fences supplied by manufacturers are very poor.
Most fences surround entrances.
Some fences add enough warmth.
Some fences add extra warmth.
Some fences add warmth.
Some fences are actually good.
Some fences can do major damage.
Some fences can slope to grade.
Some fences come with electronic gate openers.
Some fences consist of wire.
Some fences effectively exclude coyotes but require careful maintenance.
Some fences have wire.
Some fences keep animals.
Some fences keep dogs.
Some fences keep pigs.
Some fences pose serious threats to elk.
Some fences protect animals.
Some fences provide alternatives.
Some fences provide safe alternatives.
Some fences surround critical habitats.
Some fences surround habitats.
Some fences surround vegetable gardens.
Some fences surround zoos.
A fencer is a fighter
Fencers are capable of attacks.
Fencers are combatants.
Fencers begin in advance-lunge distance.
Fencers can chat at the fencing forum.
Fencers can score simultaneously, but with the tip only.
Fencers come from New York, New Jersey, and all parts of Pa. to challenge our local fencers.
Fencers compete round robin in five to seven person pools, in five-touch bouts.
Fencers earn a point for each pool victory.
Fencers earn points based on placement at national events and certain international events.
Fencers generally do best when they think that their world is flushing down the toilet.
Fencers have an innate aversion to agreeing with one another.
Fencers have to adjust their aim when facing someone in a wheelchair.
Fencers have to choose good strategies and try to influence the beliefs of their opponents.
Fencers hold the foil in one hand, while in kendo the shinai is generally held in both hands.
Fencers move so quickly that touches have to be registered electronically.
Fencers play a mental game, as well as a physical one.
Fencers rely on strategy, timing, distance and a clean execution of technique.
Fencers rush their attack and are overanxious.
Fencers seem to like word play.
Fencers take turns being the attacker.
Fencers train constantly to maintain perfect distance.
Fencers train hard and achieve a lot.
Fencers use equipment that is wired to sense a hit on the opponent.
Fencers wear a uniform to avoid injury.
Fencers wear lots of equipment to prevent injuries, but the swords break through sometimes.
Fencers wear protective gear and weapons with blunt or plastic tips.
Fencers wear special clothing to protect themselves while on the strip.
All fencers are welcome, from beginners to advanced.
All fencers begin on foil.
Many fencers argue that luck plays a big part in all bouts.
Many fencers compete actively in more than one weapon.
Many fencers develop sequences that they prefer for clearing out complex attacks.
Many fencers support the idea of carbing-out the day before competition begins.
Some fencers approach the sport physically, striving for speed and power.
Some fencers regard cuts and tears as an integral and indispensable part of the position.
Fencing  dodging.
Fencing  sprain ankles.
Fencing  thrustings.
Fencing  winnings.
Fencing are fights.
Fencing are play.
Fencing are used for competition.
Fencing are used for defense.
Fencing are used for entertainment.
Fencing are used for exercises.
Fencing are used for fun.
Fencing are used for marking boundaries.
Fencing cause competition.
Fencing cause exercises.
Fencing cause injuries.
Fencing cause perspiration.
Fencing cause puncture wounds.
Fencing cause severe injuries.
Fencing cause sweating.
Fencing cause winnings.
Fender basses are also nice.
Fender benders are much more likely.
Fender benders happen.
A fender is a barrier
Fender are very versatile guitars and have good quality.
Fender emblems consist of a bowtie on top with the truck series designation below.
Fender guitars Basses and equipment.
Fender is heartworm negative.
Fender makes ok strings.
Fender takes the less costly approach and routes out a swimming pool in the middle of the guitar.
Fenders accommodate snow wings and are easily removable for machine servicing.
Fenders are also useful, particularly front models.
Fenders are barriers.
Fenders are frameworks.
Fenders are guards.
Fenders are in very good condition.
Fenders are located in repair shops.
Fenders are part of automobiles.
Fenders are part of autos.
Fenders are part of cars.
Fenders are part of locomotives.
Fenders are the body panels that surround a car or truck's wheel wells.
Fenders are worth their weight in gold in New England.
Fenders begin to wrap themselves around the solid objects.
Fenders bulge decisively, giving the vans a robust, even macho, look.
Fenders come complete with all mounting hardware.
Fenders cut otherwise stock.
Fenders have a bad habit of falling off.
Fenders have a very clear,bright character with less sustain.
Fenders keep the elements at bay.
Fender always does that on cheaper guitars.
All fender require paint and installation.
Every fender is manufactured in the U.S.A. with the highest quality fiberglass and resins.
Most fendered drivers think open-wheel drivers are just a little bit crazier than they are.
Fendi watches are sleek, chic, attractive and equally appealing to both men and women.
Fendi workmanship is as usual exquisite.
Fendlerbush palatability is high for goats in New Mexico.
Fenestrated capillaries are freely permeable to plasma solutes.
Fenestrated capillaries have pores to increase transport.
A fenestration is an operation
Fenestration is a rare congenital vascular anomaly in which the artery is divided into two channels.
Fenestration is generally regular and windows are frequently grouped in horizontal bands.
Fenestration is regular and is composed of square headed windows.
Fenestration is regular and is composed of trefoil arched and square-headed windows.
Fenestration is varied with both arched openings and mullioned windows.
Fenestration refers to an opening in a building to admit light or air.
Fenestration Refers to the placement of windows upon an elevation.
Fenestrations are medical procedures.
Fenestrations are operations.
Fenestrations are placements.
Feni preparation is in fact a cottage industry in Goa and feni is brewed in many a house.
Fenix crocks are the standard by which others are judged.
Fennec foxes are able to survive a long time without water.
Fennec foxes are among the most attractive desert mammals.
Fennec foxes are primarily nocturnal whose large, dark eyes provide good night vision.
Fennec foxes are the worlds smallest foxes with the biggest ears.
Fennec foxes can dig with great speed, and when pursued, seems almost to dive into the sand.
Fennec foxs are foxs.
Fennec foxs are mammals.
A fennel is a vegetable
Fennel mixes well with rose and lavender, as well as blending well when creating lotions and creams.
Fenofibrate use requires periodic monitoring of serum lipids.
Fentanyl clearance is decreased in the elderly.
A fenugreek seed is a seasoning
Fenugreek seed helps soothe the entire respiratory tract and helps rid the lungs of mucous.
Fenugreek seeds are completely safe when used in moderation.
Fenugreek seeds are mixed in an equal proportion with asparagus seeds.
Fenugreek seeds are toasted and the prepared spices are ground on the wofcho.
Fenugreek seeds contain a certain portion of mucilaginous fiber with high viscosity.
Fenugreek seeds promote heart health and help in lowering blood cholesterol levels.
Fenugreek seeds show improved blood glucose control and insulin function.
A fenugreek is a seasoning
Fenugreek contains mucilagins which are known for soothing and relaxing inflamed tissues.
Fenugreek regulates pituitary gland to control appetite.
Fenugreek relieves stress on the lymphatic system and helps the detoxification.
Fenugreeks are herbs.
Fenugreeks are part of fenugreeks.
Fenugreeks are plants.
Fenway fans arrive early, and most stay for the entire game.
Fenwick island is near Ocean City, Maryland.
FEP resin is also available as an aqueous dispersion.
FEP tubing is recommended for low pressure and ion chromatography applications.
Feral animals are another threat koalas have had to face since European settlement.
Feral animals can cause problems for native plants and animals.
Feral animals can often carry diseases that pets can get such as rabies.
Feral animals compete for food with domestic livestock .
Feral animals compete for food with domestic livestock.
Feral animals have an adverse impact on wildlife and conflict with resource preservation.
Feral burros are a part of the scene in many parts of the arid west.
Feral cats are a leading cause of bird and mammal extinctions on islands all over the world.
Feral cats are a very minor player in the rabies chain in America.
Feral cats are almost impossible to socialize unless captured as small kittens.
Feral cats are also a problem, as they find shearwater chicks easy prey.
Feral cats are domestic cats living wild, and descendants thereof.
Feral cats are domestic cats that have somehow found their way back into the wild.
Feral cats are estimated to eat tens of millions of native animals each night in Australia.
Feral cats are extremely efficient at preying on small birds and mammals.
Feral cats are in the treatable category.
Feral cats are incredibly smart.
Feral cats are most active between dusk and dawn.
Feral cats are no more than someone's pet that has been deserted and left to fend for itself.
Feral cats are often much larger than domestic ones.
Feral cats are pests in both rural and urban areas .
Feral cats are pests in both rural and urban areas.
Feral cats are probably the only potentially significant predators of full-grown birds.
Feral cats are robust and healthy animals.
Feral cats are scavengers, and many rely on garbage and hand-outs from people.
Feral cats are scavengers, and many rely on garbage and handouts from people.
Feral cats are social animals and consequently colony cats develop strong bonds with one another.
Feral cats are street-smart kitties that grow up in back alleys, city parks and behind supermarkets.
Feral cats are the offspring of stray or abandoned household pets.
Feral Cats are the wild offspring of unaltered domestic cats.
Feral cats are unowned wild cats, often offspring of abandoned, unfixed domesticated cats.
Feral cats are un-owned, free roaming cats that avoid contact with humans.
Feral cats are unsocialized, unowned free-roaming cats.
Feral cats are what humans call wild, strays, and so on.
Feral cats are wild animals and are adapted to the wild environment.
Feral cats breed frequently, adding to an already overwhelming pet overpopulation problem.
Feral cats can be effective hunters of small animals.
Feral cats can inflict some serious damage.
Feral cats can keep rats in check, too.
Feral cats can kill native birds.
Feral cats can pose a threat to younger animals as well.
Feral cats can survive almost anywhere, and are found all over the world.
Feral cats compete for food with native wildlife such as weasels, owls, hawks, and snakes.
Feral cats congregate in stairwells in cities and leave objectionable odor.
Feral cats deserve our compassion and our protection from cruelty and abuse.
Feral cats do have harder and shorter lives than our pets.
Feral cats do live in our area.
Feral cats eat predominantly birds, rodents, and small mammals.
Feral cats eat tens of millions of native animals in Australia every night.
Feral cats have a life cycle largely independent of the domestic cat population.
Feral cats have a right to life.
Feral cats have difficult lives, often dying young.
Feral cats have the lowest priority.
Feral cats have the right to survive.
Feral cats have voracious appetites.
Feral cats kill birds.
Feral cats kill many song birds.
Feral cats kill the majority of birds.
Feral cats lead meager lives shortened by malnutrition, disease, trauma, and high kitten mortality.
Feral cats live in groups called colonies.
Feral cats live on all continents except for Antarctica.
Feral cats make useful scapegoats.
Feral cats pose very little threat to bird populations.
Feral cats prefer live prey but do occasionally scavenge carrion or human food scraps.
Feral cats represent one of many threats to the survival of the northern hairy-nosed wombat.
Feral cats seem much too interested in one's comings and goings.
Feral cats spread diseases to humans.
Feral cats succumb to predators, humans, dogs and other cats, and to disease and motor vehicles.
Feral cats tend to bond to one person, and proper introduction to a new home is essential.
Feral cats tend to find areas where food is available such as around dumpsters.
Feral cats use the minimum energy to obtain food.
Many feral cats are too wild to make good pets and face death as a result.
Most feral cats have small home ranges , although some are more transient and travel long distances.
Most feral cats live within colonies created in part by the urge to breed.
Feral children are children who have been raised in isolation.
Feral colonies form near farms and factories.
Feral Elves sound like fun.
Most feral feeders welcome trapping and neutering since they see so many cats die young.
Feral females are almost permanently pregnant.
Feral goats are most common on rocky or hilly country in the semi-arid rangelands.
Feral goats can carry internal and external parasites, some of which affect sheep and cattle.
Feral goats can have either short, medium or long guard hair.
Feral goats compete with sheep and native animals for pasture, and contribute to land degradation.
Feral goats spread disease to native animals.
Feral hog hunting with dogs is a relatively new sport to many areas of Oklahoma and north Texas.
Feral hogs are also scavengers, probably more so than predators.
Feral hogs are among the most unwelcome wildlife.
Feral hogs are common sights.
Feral hogs are common throughout large portions of the Section.
Feral hogs are domestic hogs gone wild.
Feral hogs are extremely adept at rooting to locate potential food below the soil surface.
Feral hogs are more muscular than domestic hogs, and have very little fat.
Feral hogs are mostly nocturnal.
Feral hogs are no different.
Feral hogs are predators.
Feral hogs are simply domestic hogs gone wild.
Feral hogs are so abundant for several reasons.
Feral hogs are very intelligent and considered a challenging quarry.
Feral hogs can breed any time of year.
Feral hogs can quickly destroy field crops such as hay, corn, milo, peanuts, and melons.
Feral hogs come in a variety of colors and combinations of colors.
Feral hogs come in all shapes and sizes.
Feral hogs compete directly with livestock as well as game and non-game wildlife species for food.
Feral hogs compete directly with whitetail deer for food.
Feral hogs compete with deer, wild turkey, black bear, and squirrels for acorns.
Feral hogs do a substantial amount of rooting and wallowing.
Feral hogs have a keen sense of smell and are opportunistic feeders.
Feral hogs jeopardize the health of native plant and animal species.
Feral hogs pose a serious concern to land owners and managers.
Feral hogs require abundant water and spend much time near seeps, ponds and streams.
Feral hogs seem to have a preference for rubbing on creosote treated posts.
Feral hogs tend to maximize their intake of a preferred food resource when it is encountered.
Feral hogs tend to prefer fleshy roots or corms to woody roots.
Feral horses are the descendents of once-tame animals that have run free for generations.
Feral horses cause damage to the environment and are a pastoral pest.
Feral kittens are a special challenge to socialize.
Feral kittens become tame is handled while young.
Feral kittens can make wonderful companion animals.
Feral kittens have a high mortality rate.
Feral pigs are an island catastrophe, devouring bird eggs one hour and native plants the next.
Feral pigs are dangerous and they do an immense amount of environmental damage.
Feral pigs are low in numbers and very localised and therefore pose no real threat.
Feral pigs are opportunistic omnivores.
Feral pigs are polyoestrous, being able to breed throughout the year.
Feral pigs are the scourge of the island, rooting up and disrupting recovery of native vegetation.
Feral pigs are the trail's main users.
Feral pigs prey on newborn lambs.
Feral pigs relax on the uninhabited island and even swim out to incoming boats.
Feral pigs restrict their activity to cooler parts of the day.
Feral pigs show little tendency to disperse over long distances.
Feral pigeons are well adapted to cities, suburbs and rural areas.
Feral pigeons live in old farm buildings in rural areas.
Feral populations are distributed throughout the tropics.
Feral populations are frequent and distributed over the whole Switzerland.
Feral populations are mostly small in number and threatened by human encroachment.
Feral populations can also pass on diseases to domestic herds .
Feral populations can also pass on diseases to domestic herds.
Feral rabbits are grazers that prefer green grass and herbage.
Feral revolution is an adventure.
Feral sheep graze the rocky promontories, home to prickly pear cactus and giant ferns.
Feral sows are capable of producing more than one litter per year.
Feral swine are a problem for many agricultural landowners in our Walker County.
Feral swine are hardy animals and are able to adapt and survive in most any kind of environment.
Feral swine are prevalent in many of the southern states.
Ferial days are the ordinary days of the season in which they fall.
Some ferment bacteria produce acid.
Ferment carbohydrates provide energy.
Most ferment carbohydrates provide energy.
Ferment food contains bacteria.
Ferment food enhances digestion.
Ferment food provides benefits.
Most ferment food contains bacteria.
Most ferment food enhances digestion.
Most ferment food provides benefits.
Some ferment food helps immunity.
Ferment milk contains proteins.
Ferment milk offers benefits.
Ferment milk offers health benefits.
Most ferment milk contains proteins.
Most ferment milk offers benefits.
Most ferment milk offers health benefits.
Ferment products cause allergic reaction.
Ferment products cause reaction.
Most ferment products cause allergic reaction.
Most ferment products cause reaction.
Ferment soy milk offers benefits.
Ferment soy milk offers health benefits.
Ferment soybean food provides benefits.
Ferment is disorder
Ferments lactose but no other sugar.
Many ferment carbohydrates to lactic acid.
Fermentable carbohydrate exerts a urea lowering effect in normals and nephrectomized rats.
Fermentable fiber goes on to feed the bacteria that inhabit our colons.
Fermentable materials can come from a number of sources.
Fermentation locks are cheap and available from any brewing supply shop.
Fermentation reaction converts carbohydrates.
Fermentation technology exploits tens of thousands of microbe species.
Fermentation technology is established.
Fermentation abruptly stops, and considerable sugar remains in the wine.
Fermentation affects color of nonfat fluid milk.
Fermentation allows color and flavor development as well as degradation of hulls.
Fermentation allows glycolysis to continue in the absence of oxygen.
Fermentation allows the enzyme primeveroside to free the glycoside-bound methyl salicylate.
Fermentation also occurs in human muscle cells when oxygen is depleted.
Fermentation also produces urea from the yeast metabolism of arginine, an amino acid in grapes.
Fermentation breaks down an enzyme-inhibitor in soybeans that digests protein.
Fermentation breaks down glucose without oxygen.
Fermentation can even occur within the stomachs of animals, such as humans.
Fermentation can go on for up to two weeks, or until all the sugar is used up.
Fermentation can happen after photosynthesis and in the presence of yeast.
Fermentation can involve any molecule that can undergo oxidation.
Fermentation can last up to a week.
Fermentation can lead to the production of alcohol or lactic acid.
Fermentation can take up to several weeks depending on the style of beer to be produced.
Fermentation causes carbon dioxide to form in the liquid.
Fermentation causes gas and bloating.
Fermentation causes the liquid on brined dill pickles to become cloudy.
Fermentation changes the sugar into alcohol and carbon dioxide gas.
Fermentation continues and is completed after several weeks.
Fermentation continues until all sugar in the juice has been converted to alcohol.
Fermentation contributes to flatulence.
Fermentation ends with lactic acid, which changes muscle pH, leading to fatigue.
Fermentation has to be closely watched.
Fermentation helps extract a variety of flavors from the barrel that fully integrate into the wine.
Fermentation helps rid the beans of any acidity and increases their sweetness.
Fermentation increases the vitamin content and lactose is converted to lactic acid.
Fermentation induces transformation.
Fermentation involves a slow chemical change triggered by bacteria, molds, or yeast.
Fermentation involves breakdowns.
Fermentation is a biologically secure and environmentally safe procedure.
Fermentation is a biologically-mediated reaction performed by certain yeasts, bacteria, and fungi.
Fermentation is a chemical action
Fermentation is a chemical change caused by microbes.
Fermentation is a gradual chemical change caused by the enzymes of some bacteria, molds and yeasts.
Fermentation is a metabolic process that converts sugar to acids, gases, or alcohol .
Fermentation is a reaction that happens after glycolysis.
Fermentation is a specific type of bioprocessing.
Fermentation is a symbol of decay, and of sin.
Fermentation is absent.
Fermentation is achieved by somewhat different chemical sequences in different species of organisms.
Fermentation is an anaerobic process which takes place in the absence of oxygen.
Fermentation is an anaerobic process.
Fermentation is an important part of industrial microbiology.
Fermentation is an important part of processing many foods and pharmaceuticals.
Fermentation is anaerobic respiration.
Fermentation is another name for anaerobic respiration.
Fermentation is another problem.
Fermentation is carried out approx.
Fermentation is carried out at approx.
Fermentation is carried out in stainless steel vessels.
Fermentation is caused by a microscopic fungus.
Fermentation is caused by yeasts growing and multiplying in a warm, moist, food-rich environment.
Fermentation is complete after three days.
Fermentation is completed by yeasts.
Fermentation is completed in a stainless steel tank.
Fermentation is completed when bubbling stops.
Fermentation is complex, and the choice of silage additives can be confusing.
Fermentation is dependent upon the composition of the wort, the yeast, and fermentation conditions.
Fermentation is determined by the color of the colonies.
Fermentation is done in stainless steel tanks to preserve the freshness, no barrel ageing is done.
Fermentation is essential in order to enhance the flavor of the tea.
Fermentation is faster in warm weather.
Fermentation is faulty so that excessive mold growth occurs.
Fermentation is natural processes.
Fermentation is nature's purification process.
Fermentation is now climate and temperature controlled.
Fermentation is one of the oldest and most economical methods of producing and preserving foods.
Fermentation is one of the oldest transformation and preservation techniques for food.
Fermentation is respiration in the absence of oxygen.
Fermentation is slowed by refrigeration.
Fermentation is started once a year, during the fishing season.
Fermentation is stopped by heating or firing.
Fermentation is the anaerobic conversion of sugar to some waste product.
Fermentation is the chemical change of sugar to alcohol.
Fermentation is the chemical process by which a sugar is turned into an alcohol, releasing energy.
Fermentation is the first step.
Fermentation is the process in which the malt, hops, etc., breaks down.
Fermentation is the process that produces alcoholic beverages or acidic dairy products.
Fermentation is the process which converts the grapes' sugar into alcohol.
Fermentation is the second step in the sponge and dough method.
Fermentation is the transfer of electrons to carbon.
Fermentation is thus the major source of intestinal gas .
Fermentation is used to grow the anthrax spores, regardless of the wet or dry end state.
Fermentation is used when making dairy products .
Fermentation is used when making dairy products.
Fermentation is usually to dryness, though the end point is determined by taste.
Fermentation is what converts the sugar in the juice into alcohol.
Fermentation is when microorganisms convert carbohydrates into volatile fatty acids and gases.
Fermentation isa process.
Fermentation kills the cacao embryos while microbial liquefies the pulp which surround the seeds.
Fermentation lasts about one week in temperature controlled stainless steel tanks.
Fermentation makes cereals and pulses more suitable for children in the post-weaning period.
Fermentation makes or mars the idlies.
Fermentation makes the beans easier to separate from the shell.
Fermentation makes the sugar in the beans turn into alcohol .
Fermentation makes the sugar in the beans turn into alcohol.
Fermentation occurs for soy sauce production, for soy curd production, and for soy pulp production.
Fermentation occurs from the inside toward the outside.
Fermentation occurs in a wide variety of bacteria and fungi.
Fermentation occurs in open vats that are two stories high.
Fermentation occurs in the absence of oxygen.
Fermentation occurs naturally in nature.
Fermentation occurs through the action of microorganisms in the large intestine.
Fermentation occurs through the agave's own yeasts.
Fermentation oxidizes the leaves and changes their chemistry.
Fermentation proceeds for three days.
Fermentation produces a small amount of energy and short-chain fatty acids.
Fermentation produces acid.
Fermentation produces alcohol and carbonation in beer.
Fermentation produces both heat and ammonia, which increase the risk for lung disease.
Fermentation produces both products, but no other connection with wine exists.
Fermentation produces ethanol and carbon dioxiide.
Fermentation produces fatty acid.
Fermentation produces heat.
Fermentation produces lactic acid.
Fermentation produces the flavor and gas cell structure of the finished product.
Fermentation reduces the sugar and creates alcohol.
Fermentation refers to reaction.
Fermentation releases gases.
Fermentation releases less energy than respiration, but are still many fermenters.
Fermentation remains the key to successful implementation of metabolic engineering strategies.
Fermentation represents impurity.
Fermentation requires development.
Fermentation starts naturally.
Fermentation starts spontaneously under the action of the natural yeasts from the grapes.
Fermentation starts the same way as cellular respiration.
Fermentation stops when the amount of alcohol is too great for the yeast to handle.
Fermentation takes about a week after which the beer is called green beer.
Fermentation takes care of many of the dangers of soy.
Fermentation takes place after special handling of the crushed grapes to maximize color and taste.
Fermentation takes place in open-top stainless steel tanks.
Fermentation takes place in the cecum between the large and small intestines.
Fermentation takes place quickly, all the more in the Near East.
Fermentation therefore takes place very slowly and is entirely dependent upon the seasons.
Fermentation turns the tea red.
Fermentation uses an organic molecule as a final electron acceptor.
Fermentation uses microorganisms to convert raw materials to product.
Fermentation warms the alcohol still, so water is passed around it to cool it.
Fermentations play major role.
Fermentation always occurs prior to distillation in the whiskey-making process.
Fermentation usually occurs after granulation.
All fermentation begins in open square fermenters, although they are shallower than most.
Many fermentations use bacteria but a growing number involve culturing mammalian cells.
Most fermentation induces transformation.
Most fermentation involves breakdowns.
Most fermentation produces acid.
Most fermentation produces fatty acid.
Most fermentation produces heat.
Most fermentation produces lactic acid.
Most fermentation refers to reaction.
Most fermentation releases gases.
Most fermentation requires development.
Some fermentation breaks down glucose.
Some fermentation causes symptoms.
Some fermentation decreases gases.
Some fermentation generates energy.
Some fermentation is caused by digestion.
Some fermentation leads to production.
Some fermentation occurs in caecums.
Some fermentation occurs in cecums.
Some fermentation occurs in stomachs.
Some fermentation produces ethanols.
Some fermentation provides energy.
Some fermentation provides sufficient energy.
Fermentative microbes can, for example, utilize urea to synthesize protein.
Fermented beverages have ancient lineage.
Fermented beverages have no place in our daily diet.
Fermented cider is all-natural.
Fermented foods deliver probiotics directly to the gut.
Fermented juice is distilled in pot stills.
Fermented porridge is made in several regions in Africa.
Fermented products are another type of soy foods.
Fermented products constitute a significant aspect of New York agriculture.
Fermented products form another category of soy foods.
Fermented things work well.
Fermi acceleration is one plausible particle acceleration process in radio-loud active galaxies.
Fermi energy is highest energy.
Fermi level is the highest filled electron state.
A fermi is a linear measure
A fermi is a metric
Fermi is one of the top research centers of the nation for atomic research.
Fermi is the local machine and watt is the remote machine.
Fermi oversees design and building.
Fermi speaks, Planck.
A fermion is a particle
Fermion preheating differs significantly from the perturbative expectation.
Fermions are highly territorial individualists.
Fermions are particles with half-integer spin.
Fermions are particles.
Fermions are spin odd half integer, bosons are integer spin.
Fermions are the type of particles that make up the atom, ie electrons, protons and neutrons.
Fermions have half-integral spins.
Fermions have properties , such as charge and mass , which can be seen in everyday life .
Fermions have properties, such as charge and mass, which can be seen in everyday life.
Fermions have wave functions which are antisymmetric under the interchange of identical particles.
Fermions incude electrons , protons , neutrons .
Fermions obey the exclusion principle.
Fern acacia is another good food plant to use.
A fern ally is a tracheophyte
Fern allies procreate in a similar manner to the ferns.
Fern bar is another good example.
Fern damage is generally rare.
Fern fronds grow from stems.
Most fern fronds grow from stems.
Fern gametophytes produce archegoniums.
Most fern gametophytes produce archegoniums.
Fern gardens require attention.
Fern gardens require minimal attention.
Most fern gardens require attention.
Most fern gardens require minimal attention.
Fern green is a color that resembles ferns .
Fern grottos are common where springs seep out of the cliffs.
Fern growth is necessary for maximal carbohydrate storage for the following year's crop.
Fern Lake is a true glacial lake that feeds the Big Thompson River.
Fern pollen is abundant, but at a reduced diversity than in lower latitudes.
Fern Rock is next.
Fern root is a staple part of the diet.
Fern roots have light brown tips.
Fern roots have tips.
Most fern roots have light brown tips.
Most fern roots have tips.
Fern seeds are too small to package.
Fern seeds are very rare.
Some fern seeds are part of ferns.
Some fern seeds are part of maidenhairs.
Most fern species produce a single type of spore that gives rise to a bisexual gametophyte.
Most fern spores require light for germination.
Fern sporophyte has real roots, stems and leaves with vascular tissues.
Fern terminology is a bit different.
A fern is a tracheophyte
Fern is but one section of the book.
Fern isa tracheophyte.
Fern uses speech variation to mark social position in the story.
Ferns absorb nutrients.
Ferns adapt to arid environments.
Ferns adapt to conditions.
Ferns adapt to dry conditions.
Ferns adapt to environments.
Ferns adapt to life.
Ferns also abound.
Ferns also contain true roots, stems and leaves.
Ferns also grow luxuriantly in the rich soil and moist, cool ground.
Ferns also play an important role in forest succession.
Ferns also produce soil and reduce soil erosion, creating an ecosystem for other plants to grow.
Ferns also reproduce by sending out rhizomes along the ground.
Ferns appreciate and abundant supply of water, especially over the dry summer months.
Ferns arc like feathers from the forest floor.
Ferns are a common sight in the woods.
Ferns are a favored host.
Ferns are a large group of plants.
Ferns are a natural choice for a woodland setting.
Ferns are a step below seed- producing plants because they have no true flower or fruit.
Ferns are a true vascular plant.
Ferns are a type of a. vascular plant.
Ferns are a type of seed plant.
Ferns are a unique plant known as vascular plants.
Ferns are a very common plant used both inside as houseplants and as garden foliage.
Ferns are a very unique option, they are an interesting plant and they stand out and look great.
Ferns are a widely varied group of plants.
Ferns are able to absorb nitrogen from the air.
Ferns are all surface rooted.
Ferns are also a great way to deal with the shade.
Ferns are also capable of vegetative propagation.
Ferns are also great plants for indoor and outdoor gardening.
Ferns are also quite showy during almost every month of the year.
Ferns are also sensitive to leafshine and insecticides.
Ferns are also wetland naturals.
Ferns are among the more easily recognized plants.
Ferns are among the most attractive of all foliage plants.
Ferns are among the oldest living land plants.
Ferns are among the oldest living vascular plants.
Ferns are an ancient family of plants and have been thriving for millions of years.
Ferns are an example of a plant in the plant division polypodiophyta.
Ferns are an excellent yet underused native ground cover.
Ferns are an important part of that ecology.
Ferns are certainly no exception.
Ferns are characterized by delicate fronds, or leaves.
Ferns are classified by the arrangement of the sori and shape of the indusium.
Ferns are common and abundant.
Ferns are common to tropical climates.
Ferns are dichotomousy veined.
Ferns are difficult.
Ferns are dispersed to new locations by means of tiny windblown spores.
Ferns are distributed world wide in a variety of environments from the Arctic to the equator.
Ferns are eaten by herbivores.
Ferns are everywhere and are easy to find.
Ferns are examples of fractals, being self-similar.
Ferns are excellent plant choices for gardens on the shady side of the house.
Ferns are expressions of sincerity and allure.
Ferns are extremely diverse in habitat, form, and reproductive methods.
Ferns are extremely important seedless tracheophytes.
Ferns are extremely sensitive to pesticides and burn easily.
Ferns are found among the greens on a forest floor.
Ferns are generally shade loving plants.
Ferns are good alternatives to English ivy, Asiatic jasmine and liriope.
Ferns are good for shade.
Ferns are great architecture.
Ferns are homosporous, they produce one asexual spore.
Ferns are homosporus with the leafy plant the sporophyte.
Ferns are important for the florist, gardening and landscape industries.
Ferns are in the phylum pterophyta.
Ferns are interesting because of the fact that their stems are never shown .
Ferns are leaf dominant.
Ferns are leafier than hostas, and their colors tend to be less varied.
Ferns are made up in large part of ground tissue .
Ferns are most prominent in shaded, cool areas of tropic regions .
Ferns are mostly homosporous, though some are heterosporous.
Ferns are non-flowering plants that reproduce by spores or underground runners.
Ferns are non-flowering plants that reproduce from spores.
Ferns ARE non-flowering vascular plants.
Ferns are non-flowering, deciduous or evergreen perennial plants that grow in various sizes.
Ferns are notoriously sensitive to pesticides.
Ferns are one of the most interesting, versatile and beautiful plant groups in existence today.
Ferns are one of the oldest land plants.
Ferns are one type of seedless plant.
Ferns are only capable of primary growth i.e. growing upward.
Ferns are plants.
Ferns are popular because of their graceful foliage and ability to grow in low light.
Ferns are pteridophytes.
Ferns are quite sensitive to insecticides.
Ferns are quite varied in leaf texture and shape and include both evergreen and deciduous forms.
Ferns are relatively advanced plants, with true roots, stems and leaves.
Ferns are relatively scarce compared to further west.
Ferns are seedless vascular plants that produce spores instead of seeds.
Ferns are seedless vascular plants.
Ferns are seedless, vascular plants.
Ferns are slower to break dormancy than some other perennial plants.
Ferns are spore producing plants.
Ferns are terrestrial organisms.
Ferns are the first colonisers, as disaster flora.
Ferns are the first species to colonize areas that have been devastated by natural disasters.
Ferns are the forgotten category of perennials for shady areas.
Ferns are the largest group of spore producing plants.
Ferns are the most advanced group of seedless vascular plants.
Ferns are the most common pteridophytes today.
Ferns are the most numerous seedless vascular plants.
Ferns are the plants that developed vascular systems .
Ferns are unusual because they are non-flowering plants that reproduce by spores.
Ferns are used for decorations and tree ferns in the tropics for buildings.
Ferns are vascular plants forming true roots, stems, and leaves.
Ferns are vascular plants that have waxy coverings.
Ferns are vascular plants.
Ferns are very common in New Zealand.
Ferns are very old organisms.
Ferns are voyeurs.
Ferns are yummy.
Ferns arise from rhizomes.
Ferns arise from stout rhizomes.
Ferns begin fertilization.
Ferns belong to the pteridophyta division.
Ferns can absorb heavy metals from the air and soil.
Ferns can get quite large over time, and require splitting and transplanting.
Ferns can reproduce in other ways, too.
Ferns come in a variety of sizes, some are very small and others can be large bushes.
Ferns Comes with a forest green, woodbury scented candle.
Ferns contain sori, in which meiosis occurs and spores are formed.
Ferns cover the ground in all directions.
Ferns deteriorate badly.
Ferns develop from spores.
Ferns die back in the winter but keep coming back year after year.
Ferns divide much like other perennial plants.
Ferns do also have extremely high values.
Ferns do best with indirect lighting.
Ferns do have vascular tissue to transport materials.
Ferns do it differently.
Ferns enjoy high humidity and like to be either misted daily or kept on a humidity tray.
Ferns expose the sporophyte stage predominantly.
Ferns figure in folklore, for example in legends about mythical flowers or seeds.
Ferns first appear in the fossil record in the early Carboniferous epoch.
Ferns first appear in the fossil record in the early- Carboniferous period.
Ferns flourish in many tropical and temperate places around the world.
Ferns form roots.
Ferns generally grow in damp, shady locations.
Ferns germinate from spores that grow on the underside of the fronds.
Ferns germinate from spores.
Ferns get rusty in the fall.
Ferns get sunlight.
Ferns grow abundantly, mosses shroud the trees and cover the trunks of the trees.
Ferns grow areas.
Ferns grow best in an organic potting medium similar to soils in their natural habitats.
Ferns grow best when they receive a complete fertilizer developed for houseplants.
Ferns grow here and daisies too.
Ferns grow in areas.
Ferns grow in dry habitats.
Ferns grow in habitats.
Ferns grow in many different habitats around the world.
Ferns grow in native habitats.
Ferns grow in places.
Ferns grow in rainforests and freezing tundra and broiling deserts.
Ferns grow in regions.
Ferns grow in shady places.
Ferns grow in the dense shade, beneath stone outcroppings set higher up the hillside.
Ferns grow naturally in most areas of Georgia.
Ferns grow on surfaces.
Ferns grow shady areas.
Ferns grow to height.
Ferns grow well here, too.
Ferns hang from the hillsides and everything is a lush green.
Ferns have (part) cell membranes.
Ferns have (part) cells.
Ferns have (part) corpi.
Ferns have (part) cytoplasm.
Ferns have (part) fern seeds.
Ferns have (part) nuclei.
Ferns have (part) plasma membranes.
Ferns have (part) sections.
Ferns have (part) vacuoles.
Ferns have a vascular system for the transport of water and nutrients.
Ferns have an appeal that transcends culture and climate.
Ferns have arch fronds.
Ferns have branches.
Ferns have complex structures above ground and below.
Ferns have delicate leaves called fronds .
Ferns have flowers.
Ferns have fronds divided into leaflets.
Ferns have fronds.
Ferns have green fronds.
Ferns have horizontal stems called rhizomes .
Ferns have large leaves with branching vascular tissue.
Ferns have leafy branches.
Ferns have leafy fronds.
Ferns have leaves.
Ferns have light green fronds.
Ferns have many different types.
Ferns have no flowers, fruits or seeds.
Ferns have no true stems.
Ferns have properties.
Ferns have red flowers.
Ferns have relatively few pest problems.
Ferns have rhizomes.
Ferns have roots, leaves, stems with tubes that carry water, minerals and food.
Ferns have roots.
Ferns have seeds.
Ferns have stems.
Ferns have stomata and guard cells to regulate gases exchange.
Ferns have strategies.
Ferns have tissue.
Ferns have transport tubes to carry food and water.
Ferns have transport vessels and have the capacity to grow as tall as trees.
Ferns have true leaves, what botanists call macrophylls.
Ferns have true roots a.
Ferns have true roots and stems and reproduce by making spores.
Ferns have true roots, and their vascular tissue include xylem and phloem.
Ferns have vascular tissue.
Ferns have very distinctive reproductive structures borne on the abaxial surface of there leaves.
Ferns Keep moist.
Ferns know where the fun is.
Ferns like to be sheltered from extreme hot or cold winds.
Ferns line the banks of both stream and trail, creating a green glade.
Ferns line the trails.
Ferns live in many locations around the world.
Ferns live in the moist habitats because they require water for successful fertilization.
Ferns love a humid atmosphere, but they also prefer moist soil as well.
Ferns love it.
Ferns love shady, moist habitats.
Ferns make excellent pressed plants.
Ferns make good house plants.
Ferns make lovely houseplants, but the humidity in homes is often too low for some ferns to thrive.
Ferns make their own food.
Ferns need moisture.
Ferns need water.
Ferns offers Italian cuisine in a poolside setting.
Ferns prefer a bright or east window.
Ferns prefer a slightly acidic soil.
Ferns prefer indirect light.
Ferns prefer shade but some can grow in sunlight.
Ferns prefer shades.
Ferns press white patterns into stone and somehow it's enough.
Ferns produce clusters of sporangia called sori, usually on the underside of leaves.
Ferns produce millions or even billions of spores in their lifetime.
Ferns produce seeds.
Ferns provide a wonderful cool background.
Ferns provide fertilizer.
Ferns provide natural fertilizer.
Ferns reach height.
Ferns release haploid spores.
Ferns release spores.
Ferns rely on rhizomes , rather than true roots, for support.
Ferns represent the diploid sporophyte generation.
Ferns represent the second major step in the evolutionary sophistication of plants.
Ferns reproduce asexually by their modified stems, which are called rhizomes.
Ferns reproduce by means of tiny dots that form on the underside of the ferns leaf.
Ferns reproduce by producing spores on structures on the undersides of their fronds called sori.
Ferns reproduce by releasing spores rather than seeds.
Ferns reproduce by spores in an alternating generations.
Ferns reproduce by spores.
Ferns reproduce from spores contained in tiny brown patches on the underside of fern fronds.
Ferns reproduce through their spores, which are produced in very small spots called sori.
Ferns reproduce using spores.
Ferns reproduce via spores.
Ferns require a wet or at least humid environment.
Ferns require sunlight.
Ferns require very little.
Ferns require well-drained soil.
Ferns retain color.
Ferns retain green color.
Ferns show brown fronds.
Ferns show fertile fronds.
Ferns show fronds.
Ferns snuggle next to logs and stumps.
Ferns spread quickly, provide a lush, soft look and help shade out weeds.
Ferns sprout from seeps in the walls.
Ferns symbolize sincerity towards others.
Ferns thrive in a wide range of habitats around the globe.
Ferns thrive in deep shades.
Ferns thrive in shades.
Ferns thrive in the shade while adding their unique texture and form to complement the garden.
Ferns thrive on humidity, so they appreciate a daily misting.
Ferns typically inhabit moist environments.
Ferns uncurl from their fiddlehead beginnings.
Ferns unfurl To their fullest.
Ferns use spores to reproduce.
Ferns work very well in the shade.
Ferns always provide an excellent backdrop for showing off the foliage and flowers of primula.
All ferns are hardy unless otherwise noted.
All ferns are shade plants.
All ferns have a rhizome , from which the fronds emerge.
Many ferns also contain the enzyme thiaminase , which breaks down thiamine .
Many ferns are easily recognizable because of their fronds, or lace-like leaves.
Many ferns benefit from being misted with water when growing in drier environments.
Many ferns cover the forest floor and line the trails.
Many ferns do.
Many ferns grow in areas of intense competition, from the forest floor to the canopies of trees.
Many ferns grow in cool, shady forests.
Many ferns have a natural affinity for rocks.
Many ferns produce rhizomes which increase the size of the clump of plants and act as propagules.
Most ferns absorb nutrients.
Most ferns adapt to arid environments.
Most ferns adapt to conditions.
Most ferns adapt to dry conditions.
Most ferns adapt to environments.
Most ferns adapt to life.
Most ferns are adapted to the loamy understory of forests and rainforests.
Most ferns are homosporous.
Most ferns are tropical, often growing upon the trunks and branches of trees.
Most ferns arise from rhizomes.
Most ferns arise from stout rhizomes.
Most ferns begin fertilization.
Most ferns develop from spores.
Most ferns develop shallow root systems, so shallow pots or pans are best.
Most ferns develop sporangia on the underside of their leaves.
Most ferns form roots.
Most ferns germinate from spores.
Most ferns get sunlight.
Most ferns grow areas.
Most ferns grow both.
Most ferns grow in areas.
Most ferns grow in dry habitats.
Most ferns grow in habitats.
Most ferns grow in native habitats.
Most ferns grow in places.
Most ferns grow in regions.
Most ferns grow in shady places.
Most ferns grow naturally in rainforest situations.
Most ferns grow on surfaces.
Most ferns grow shady areas.
Most ferns grow to height.
Most ferns growing along swift streams are edible.
Most ferns have arch fronds.
Most ferns have branches.
Most ferns have flowers.
Most ferns have fronds , compound leaves that are divided into several leaflets.
Most ferns have fronds, compound leaves divided into several leaflets.
Most ferns have fronds.
Most ferns have green fronds.
Most ferns have horizontal stems or rhizomes.
Most ferns have large leaves called fronds which are usually made up of smaller leaflets.
Most ferns have leafy branches.
Most ferns have leafy fronds.
Most ferns have light green fronds.
Most ferns have properties.
Most ferns have red flowers.
Most ferns have rhizomes with no vertical stem.
Most ferns have rhizomes.
Most ferns have roots.
Most ferns have seeds.
Most ferns have small and narrow leaflets but the following are the exceptions.
Most ferns have strategies.
Most ferns have tissue.
Most ferns have vascular tissue.
Most ferns like to be grown in at least a half shady location in a good loamy soil.
Most ferns live either growing on rocks or trees or in very shallow soil.
Most ferns live in rocks, trees, or very shallow soils that are loose and drain rapidly.
Most ferns prefer a loamy friable soil which is kept evenly moist during the growing season.
Most ferns prefer moderate, indirect light inside.
Most ferns produce seeds.
Most ferns produce the same type of spores and are therefore homosporous.
Most ferns produce the same type of spores and are, therefore, homosporous.
Most ferns provide fertilizer.
Most ferns provide natural fertilizer.
Most ferns reach height.
Most ferns release haploid spores.
Most ferns reproduce sexually, and that involves meiosis and fertilisation .
Most ferns reproduce sexually.
Most ferns require bright, indirect light and lots of humidity.
Most ferns require sunlight.
Most ferns retain color.
Most ferns retain green color.
Most ferns show brown fronds.
Most ferns show fertile fronds.
Most ferns show fronds.
Most ferns thrive in deep shades.
Most ferns thrive in shades.
Some ferns are adapted to a dry habitat but most prefer the shady moist conditions of woodlands.
Some ferns are more particular about their growing conditions than others.
Some ferns are sensitive to being covered with water, even for a few minutes.
Some ferns attract insects.
Some ferns can grow large in  moist places.
Some ferns can grow large in moist places .
Some ferns contain carcinogen.
Some ferns find in rainforests.
Some ferns find in tropical rainforests.
Some ferns form new plantlets, called offsets, on their fronds.
Some ferns get food.
Some ferns grow as shrubs.
Some ferns grow crevices.
Some ferns grow from spores.
Some ferns grow in colonies.
Some ferns grow in mass.
Some ferns grow in shelter.
Some ferns grow moist crevices.
Some ferns grow moist rock crevices.
Some ferns grow on the branches of trees as epiphytes .
Some ferns grow on tree trunks.
Some ferns grow on trunks.
Some ferns grow on windows.
Some ferns grow rock crevices.
Some ferns have a covering over the sporangia known as an indusium.
Some ferns have adventures.
Some ferns have high tolerance.
Some ferns have leaf stalks.
Some ferns have other or additional ways to reproduce.
Some ferns have quality.
Some ferns have sporangiums.
Some ferns have tolerance.
Some ferns have very simple leaf organization with little mesophyll differentiation.
Some ferns live in rainforests.
Some ferns live in temperate rainforests.
Some ferns offer diversity.
Some ferns outgrow pots.
Some ferns prefer disturbed ground.
Some ferns produce buds.
Some ferns produce fertile fronds.
Some ferns produce fronds.
Some ferns produce haploid spores.
Some ferns produce roots.
Some ferns produce spores.
Some ferns protect sporangiums.
Some ferns remain green over winter.
Some ferns reproduce by spore and by producing rhizomes.
Some ferns still have rhizoids, but they also have roots.
Some ferns thrive in areas.
Ferndale residents gather together on the same day to sell all sorts of items.
Ferocious animals have no fellowship.
Ferocious birds make sound.
Ferocious birds make terrible sound.
Most ferocious birds make sound.
Most ferocious birds make terrible sound.
Ferocious combat occurs every day - and especially every night.
Ferocious fighting continues but soon the Irish rebels are hopelessly outgunned.
Ferocious hunters find prey.
Most ferocious hunters find prey.
Ferocious monks can break swords with their hands.
Some ferocious predators prey on mammals.
Ferocious shouts echo through the institutional walls of the center.
Some ferocious warriors launch attacks.
Ferocious waves smash sullenly against the stone.
Ferocious wolves appear to all the world as innocent sheep.
Ferragallo geometries expand architectural interiors dramatically.
Ferret adoption can be an enriching experience, and is a big decision.
Many ferret attacks involve infants and small children who are sleeping or lying down.
Some ferret cages can work for adult rats, but smaller rats can usually get through the bars.
Some ferret foods are packaged in milk-carton type containers that seal quite well after opening.
Ferret feet get sore from too much exposure to wire-bottomed cages.
Ferret guests are welcome.
Ferret hair gets all over the place.
Ferret owners call it 'teleporting,' just like they do in Star Trek.
Ferret owners fight NYC ban .
Ferret owners keep their favorite tools in places of honor.
Many ferret owners choose to seek assistance from veterinarians over the Internet.
Most ferret owners spoil their ferrets because they are so adorable.
Some ferret owners take their ferrets to different vets for different services.
Ferret ownership is legal in Oregon, Nevada, and Arizona.
Ferret shampoos are preferred but kitten or cat shampoos are also appropriate.
Ferret shelters make absolutely no profit off of adoption fees.
Most ferret shelters are over loaded and have plenty of wonderful ferrets to choose from.
A ferret is a carnivore
Ferret isa mammal.
Ferrets also are communal by nature, living in small family groups.
Ferrets also communicate by using sounds and body language.
Ferrets also get one to two hours of play time a day.
Ferrets also have scent glands which release scent as a defense.
Ferrets also like a variety of tastes, preferring chicken and lamb.
Ferrets also like variety, they get bored easily.
Ferrets also lose weight in the Spring - sometimes almost twenty percent of their body weight.
Ferrets also love to jump into the ice box and dishwasher.
Ferrets also produce an odor by the anal scent glands.
Ferrets also require different medical prevention from dogs or cats.
Ferrets also require meat protein rather than vegetable protein.
Ferrets also sleep, hide from predators and raise their young in prairie dog burrows.
Ferrets are a domesticated species of weasels.
Ferrets are a featherless favorite, and some say snakes are super.
Ferrets are a long-term commitment.
Ferrets are a lot of fun.
Ferrets are a very unique animal always playful, inquisitive, and loving.
Ferrets are adorable little animals with long bodies that seem to change form with each movement.
Ferrets are also at risk for heartworm which is carried by mosquitoes.
Ferrets are also excellent climbers.
Ferrets are also prone to getting hairballs.
Ferrets are also related to otters, skunks and badgers.
Ferrets are also relatively intelligent for having such silly small brains.
Ferrets are also susceptible to canine distemper and rabies.
Ferrets are also susceptible to human influenza and can easily pass it back to the human.
Ferrets are amusing companions for children and can often get along with other household pets.
Ferrets are an animal that has been kept in captivity for centuries.
Ferrets are animals.
Ferrets are at the top of the carnivore end of the food-preference spectrum.
Ferrets are available for adoption.
Ferrets are available in a variety of colors including sable, white, seal-point and albino.
Ferrets are by nature very clean animals, and do accumulate hairball's like cats do.
Ferrets are by nature very clean animals, and do accumulate hairballs like cats do.
Ferrets are by nature very curious animals.
Ferrets are capable of bites.
Ferrets are capable of carrying and transmitting rabies.
Ferrets are capable of pets.
Ferrets are carnivores and require a diet high in protein and fat.
Ferrets are carnivores and require a diet that is very high in animal protein and fat.
Ferrets are carnivores exclusively.
Ferrets are carnivores.
Ferrets are carnivorous animals, meaning they are strictly meat eaters.
Ferrets are carnivorous they feed mainly on rabbits or ground nesting birds.
Ferrets are carnivorous, they feed on small rodents, rabbits, birds, insects, lizards and frogs.
Ferrets are classified as mammals.
Ferrets are cousins to the weasel, but more closely related to the European polecat.
Ferrets are creatures of comfort, they like soft cuddly items.
Ferrets are curious, active, and predatory.
Ferrets are currently the third most popular pet in the United States.
Ferrets are domestic and have been for thousands of years.
Ferrets are domestic animals.
Ferrets are domestic in the truest sense of the word.
Ferrets are Domestic pets and have no role in the food web.
Ferrets are energetic and playful needing several hours of free time outside of their cage each day.
Ferrets are escape artists and are easily able to squeeze through the tiniest openings and cracks.
Ferrets are extremely curious.
Ferrets are extremely susceptible to heat exhaustion and heat strokes.
Ferrets are fiercely solitary animals.
Ferrets are fond of eating latex and foam rubber, leading to intestinal tract obstruction.
Ferrets are friendly and nice but very smelly and very,very hyper.
Ferrets are fun to watch.
Ferrets are furries.
Ferrets are generally happier when they have another ferret around to play with.
Ferrets are generally legal everywhere in the United States except California and Hawaii.
Ferrets are generally non-aggressive pets.
Ferrets are generally quiet.
Ferrets are generally very quiet animals.
Ferrets are great fun and make great pets.
Ferrets are hardy little creatures.
Ferrets are high maintenance pets that require a lot of care.
Ferrets are highly intelligent and learn tricks fairly easily.
Ferrets are highly social creatures.
Ferrets are highly susceptible to canine distemper.
Ferrets are hot, and the girl wants one.
Ferrets are house companions.
Ferrets are illegal as pets in California.
Ferrets are incredibly social, playful creatures.
Ferrets are inquisitive, busy and adaptable.
Ferrets are intelligent, resourceful, curious, frolicsome animals.
Ferrets are just so damn cute and cuddly, they are great pets.
Ferrets are kleptomaniacs.
Ferrets are little guys, so their surgical anatomy is small.
Ferrets are lively, inquisitive, and comical in their movements.
Ferrets are located in apartments.
Ferrets are located in arms.
Ferrets are located in bad mood.
Ferrets are located in boxs.
Ferrets are located in bushs.
Ferrets are located in classrooms.
Ferrets are located in comic books.
Ferrets are located in dens.
Ferrets are located in deserts.
Ferrets are located in fields.
Ferrets are located in forests.
Ferrets are located in homes.
Ferrets are located in hutchs.
Ferrets are located in kennels.
Ferrets are located in leashs.
Ferrets are located in movies.
Ferrets are located in nature.
Ferrets are located in pet stores.
Ferrets are located in pockets.
Ferrets are located in riverbanks.
Ferrets are located in shades.
Ferrets are located in shoe boxs.
Ferrets are located in skies.
Ferrets are located in socks.
Ferrets are located in stuff.
Ferrets are located in trousers.
Ferrets are located in wildernesses.
Ferrets are located in worlds.
Ferrets are mammals.
Ferrets are mischievous and curious creatures.
Ferrets are mischievous and get into everything.
Ferrets are mischievous animals and enjoy exploring everywhere they can reach.
Ferrets are most adept at tunnel-hunting but are susceptible to larger carnivores above ground.
Ferrets are mostly ground dwelling and eat small mammals, birds, lizards and frogs.
Ferrets are much more delicate than a dog or a cat.
Ferrets are mustelids.
Ferrets are naturally inquisitive and can squeeze through very small spaces.
Ferrets are neat pets.
Ferrets are neat.
Ferrets are nocturnal.
Ferrets are notorious for stealing and hording small objects and food.
Ferrets are one animal that can bring out the real kid in everyone.
Ferrets are one of the most popular small animals available.
Ferrets are permanently juvenile jokesters, and patience is a virtue for a pet parent.
Ferrets are playful and they are very entertaining to watch.
Ferrets are pretty bold in their jumping and playing.
Ferrets are priced same as cats by age.
Ferrets are profoundly curious animals.
Ferrets are prone to fleas.
Ferrets are prone to hair balls.
Ferrets are rambunctious, curious and lovable, with personalities all their own.
Ferrets are rather dexterous and very persistent.
Ferrets are real masters of escape.
Ferrets are sexually dimorphic predators with males being substantially larger than females.
Ferrets are sexually dimorphic with the male being larger than the female.
Ferrets are small animals and blockages are very dangerous.
Ferrets are small animals.
Ferrets are small, fun loving animals that make wonderful pets.
Ferrets are small, quiet, fastidious and incredibly social.
Ferrets are so small that they can become critical quickly.
Ferrets are social and playful by nature.
Ferrets are social animals.
Ferrets are social creatures who depend on companionship.
Ferrets are still exotic animals to the public, but also to most veterinary sur geons.
Ferrets are strict carnivores, which means no vegetables, fruit, nuts, or grains of any kind.
Ferrets are strict carnivores.
Ferrets are susceptible to a number of different diseases of the respiratory system.
Ferrets are susceptible to adrenal and insulinoma cancer.
Ferrets are susceptible to cold and flu viruses.
Ferrets are susceptible to many diseases of dogs and cats.
Ferrets are susceptible to the common cold and several strains of human influenza.
Ferrets are susceptible to the flu.
Ferrets are susceptible to the same influenza viral strains that affect humans.
Ferrets are telepathic.
Ferrets are the complete opposite.
Ferrets are the coolest pets in the world.
Ferrets are the largest member of the mustelid family, which also includes stoats and weasels.
Ferrets are the largest of the mustelid family, which also includes stoats and weasels.
Ferrets are the mink-like animals that pop up in movies or on TV every so often.
Ferrets are the most versatile of pets.
Ferrets are the only animal in the world that catch the same cold and flu that humans do.
Ferrets are the third most popular pet in America, behind dogs and cats.
Ferrets are the third most popular pet in the United States after cats and dogs.
Ferrets are the third most popular pet in the world.
Ferrets are too small to kill a woodchuck.
Ferrets are truly companion animals that thrive on love and attention - the more the better.
Ferrets are unique creatures, furry and extremely adorable.
Ferrets are usually most active in the early morning and evening.
Ferrets are very adaptable pets.
Ferrets are very clean animals and normally never use the bathroom where they sleep.
Ferrets are very clever.
Ferrets are very curious.
Ferrets are very dramatic animals.
Ferrets are very finicky about where they do their 'business'.
Ferrets are very intelligent and learn quickly.
Ferrets are very intelligent, very playful, very sociable animals.
Ferrets are very intelligent.
Ferrets are very neat animals and like to have a separate place for their bathrooms.
Ferrets are very playful, kind of like a permanent kitten.
Ferrets are very sociable animals.
Ferrets are very social animals and prefer to live together with other ferrets.
Ferrets are very social, affectionate, and interactive animals.
Ferrets are very susceptible to canine distemper.
Ferrets are voracious predators and their kills are often larger than they are.
Ferrets are vulnerable to bubonic plague and canine distemper.
Ferrets are vulnerable to common respiratory infections, including colds and flus.
Ferrets are weasels.
Ferrets are wild animals.
Ferrets are, essentially, little tornadoes consisting of fur and pure energy.
Ferrets bear more resemblance to polecats than stoats.
Ferrets bite in two manners.
Ferrets can also be litter-box trained.
Ferrets can also be picky eaters.
Ferrets can also develop special attachments to certain toys.
Ferrets can be adventurous at times when trying new foods.
Ferrets can be litter-trained.
Ferrets can be messy so cages can contain their mess.
Ferrets can be very agile and quick animals.
Ferrets can become aggressive from adrenal gland hormone overproduction.
Ferrets can become critically ill very quickly due to their small size and fast metabolism.
Ferrets can become de- hydrated and be in serious trouble in a matter of hours.
Ferrets can become frightened and nip when manhandled by children.
Ferrets can become sick just like people from contaminated water or even a change in water.
Ferrets can catch a cold and the flu from people.
Ferrets can develop ulcers on their own in times of stress.
Ferrets can get along well with cats and dogs, and occasionally other animals.
Ferrets can get along well with dogs and cats.
Ferrets can get along with other pets and even with children.
Ferrets can get cancer, pneumonia and other sicknesses.
Ferrets can get heartworms from mosquitoes.
Ferrets can get inside the couch and crawl up in the springs, and come to an unfortunate end.
Ferrets can get up inside of some refrigerators and get hurt on the fan.
Ferrets can have a lot of different colours and markings on their fur .
Ferrets can have a lot of different colours and markings on their fur.
Ferrets can have health problems just like any other animal.
Ferrets can ingest goat's milk since it contains little lactose.
Ferrets can make good pets.
Ferrets can now legally live within the city limits.
Ferrets can produce a skunk-like spray.
Ferrets can spray when angry or frightened.
Ferrets can very quickly suffer from dehydration.
Ferrets combine the best features of dogs and cats with some unique features of their own.
Ferrets come in a variety of colors and patterns, ranging from self to fine point.
Ferrets come in a variety of colors such as sable, albino white, cinnamon, silvermit and black.
Ferrets commonly break with the disease again after exposure to a clinically ill animal.
Ferrets compete in sack races, tube races and cup tipping.
Ferrets die from just about anything.
Ferrets do get rabies.
Ferrets do make comical, adorable pets if properly cared for.
Ferrets do occasionally have adverse reactions to vaccines.
Ferrets drink less water from bottles than bowls.
Ferrets drink water.
Ferrets eat depending on how hungry they are just like humans.
Ferrets eat dry food.
Ferrets eat food.
Ferrets eat many small meals a day due to their short digestive tracts.
Ferrets eat meat.
Ferrets eat prairie dogs and have been reintroduced into some areas.
Ferrets eat prairie dogs and live in prairie dog burrows.
Ferrets eat prairie dogs and live in prairie dogs' burrows.
Ferrets enjoy chasing games.
Ferrets enjoy life.
Ferrets even suffer from some orthodontic conditions.
Ferrets experience death.
Ferrets experience sudden death.
Ferrets feed on prairie dogs.
Ferrets follow prairie dogs, their food of choice.
Ferrets generally prefer poultry and beef flavors over fish.
Ferrets get bored very easily, so provide a variety of toys for it to play with.
Ferrets go crazy as they try to bite the red and white plastic balls.
Ferrets have (part) brains.
Ferrets have (part) breasts.
Ferrets have (part) cell membranes.
Ferrets have (part) cells.
Ferrets have (part) chest cavities.
Ferrets have (part) chests.
Ferrets have (part) corpi.
Ferrets have (part) cytoplasm.
Ferrets have (part) ears.
Ferrets have (part) faces.
Ferrets have (part) heads.
Ferrets have (part) nuclei.
Ferrets have (part) pedal extremities.
Ferrets have (part) piluses.
Ferrets have (part) plasma membranes.
Ferrets have (part) rib cages.
Ferrets have (part) sections.
Ferrets have (part) skulls.
Ferrets have (part) sterna.
Ferrets have (part) vacuoles.
Ferrets have (part) vertebrate feet.
Ferrets have a black tip on the tail very much like stoats.
Ferrets have a distinctly musky scent that some people find offensive.
Ferrets have a high metabolism.
Ferrets have a knack for opening things.
Ferrets have a long and slender body covered in soft fur.
Ferrets have a musky odor, which is caused by scent and oil glands in the skin.
Ferrets have a natural light musky odor.
Ferrets have a reputation for being potentially vicious, even as pets.
Ferrets have a slight musky scent.
Ferrets have a tendency to develop more allergic reactions to vaccines as opposed to dogs and cats.
Ferrets have a very thick skin and play very roughly with each other.
Ferrets have a waterproof coat that is difficult to dry.
Ferrets have an acute sense of smell and therefore use odors as an important form of communication.
Ferrets have an excellent sense of smell.
Ferrets have an undeserved reputation of being smelly.
Ferrets have anal sacs filled with a strong-smelling secretion.
Ferrets have bones.
Ferrets have bright white teeth.
Ferrets have color vision, but poor eyesight.
Ferrets have diets.
Ferrets have difficulty using or digesting vegetable proteins.
Ferrets have excellent hearing.
Ferrets have extremely flexible bones, but they can be broken easily.
Ferrets have extremely tough skin and they play rough with each other.
Ferrets have fluid.
Ferrets have foul fluid.
Ferrets have foul smell fluid.
Ferrets have keen senses of hearing, smell and touch.
Ferrets have lifespans.
Ferrets have lobes.
Ferrets have long, slim bodies and short legs.
Ferrets have no sense of direction in large areas.
Ferrets have one central artery in the neck.
Ferrets have relatively poor eyesight but a keen sense of smell and hearing.
Ferrets have sensitive respiratory systems, and shavings can cause health problems.
Ferrets have sharp teeth and occasionally bite when startled, excited, or handled improperly.
Ferrets have sharp teeth.
Ferrets have short attention spans, so the more litter pans, the better.
Ferrets have short legs.
Ferrets have teeth.
Ferrets have the typical teeth of a carnivore, including pronounced canines.
Ferrets have three to four hour digestive tracts.
Ferrets have tough skin and kits have sharp litter teeth.
Ferrets have tough skin and kits have sharp little teeth.
Ferrets have very short digestive tracts and a very high metabolism, so they have to eat often.
Ferrets have very specific nutritional needs.
Ferrets have very thick skin and bite the living tar out of each other without much fuss.
Ferrets have white teeth.
Ferrets Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Ferrets instinctually seek out corners to urinate and defecate, so they are litter box trainable.
Ferrets kill baby chicks.
Ferrets kill chicks.
Ferrets lack a homing instinct, and with their incessant curiosity, quickly become lost.
Ferrets learn quickly and can be trained to come to cues such as bells or whistles.
Ferrets leave their scent.
Ferrets like to be outside.
Ferrets like to chew on leather, plastic, and rubber.
Ferrets like to ham it up and pose for pictures.
Ferrets like to hide under things.
Ferrets like to pounce, grab things in their mouths, and chew on spongy objects.
Ferrets like to rearrange their surroundings, which often means flipping their bowls.
Ferrets literally beg for their Bandits.
Ferrets live by whatever schedule their owners adopt.
Ferrets live exclusively where prairie dogs, their primary prey species occur.
Ferrets live for years.
Ferrets live in a variety of habitats, most notably, forests and temperate scrublands.
Ferrets live in burrows.
Ferrets live in prairie dog burrows.
Ferrets live individually.
Ferrets live only in prairie dog burrows and eat their hosts, almost exclusively.
Ferrets live roughly for about forty five most preferred toy or for sleeping.
Ferrets live up to ten years and are on the endangered species list.
Ferrets love the excitement and sociability of being out and about.
Ferrets love the taste.
Ferrets love to chase the ball around the loop.
Ferrets love to climb into the base of open recliners and can be inadvertently crushed.
Ferrets love to dig in dirt.
Ferrets love to play in tubes or other semi-tight places.
Ferrets love to play.
Ferrets love to steal loose objects and wrestle.
Ferrets love to worm their way into any little hole.
Ferrets love toys.
Ferrets make a delightful pet mainly due to their curiosity.
Ferrets make choices.
Ferrets make construction difficult.
Ferrets make food choices.
Ferrets make good pets because of their playful nature and their affinity for people.
Ferrets make good pets if properly cared for and well handled.
Ferrets make sound.
Ferrets make unhealthy choices.
Ferrets make unhealthy food choices.
Ferrets metabolize beta carotene very much like humans.
Ferrets move in a prancing fashion when running.
Ferrets naturally emit a musky odor that varies in strength.
Ferrets naturally have a light, musky odor.
Ferrets naturally have a musky odor.
Ferrets need attention.
Ferrets need carbohydrates.
Ferrets never spray their scent as do skunks.
Ferrets normally tremble for two reasons.
Ferrets occasionally have reactions to vaccinations.
Ferrets play hard and sleep hard.
Ferrets play very rough.
Ferrets pose less a risk to native species than cats and dogs.
Ferrets prefer corners so place the litter box in a corner away from food and water.
Ferrets prey on small animals.
Ferrets prey on young rabbits.
Ferrets range from geriatric to postoperative.
Ferrets reach sexual maturity usually in the spring after their birth.
Ferrets reach their adult weight by six months of age.
Ferrets react like humans to the influenza virus.
Ferrets rely almost entirely on prairie dogs for food and shelter.
Ferrets require a lot of attention and supervision to be happy and healthy.
Ferrets require A LOT of attention.
Ferrets require annual vet visits.
Ferrets require at least a portion of one adrenal gland to live.
Ferrets require daily interaction with people, and a chance to explore and exercise.
Ferrets require diets.
Ferrets require high amounts of meat protein and fat.
Ferrets require large cages, preferably with multiple floors.
Ferrets require love and lots of it.
Ferrets require meat protein diets.
Ferrets require veterinary checkups with annual vaccinations for canine distemper and rabies.
Ferrets retain their playfulness throughout their lives.
Ferrets return from near-extinction.
Ferrets romp and wrestle in the enclosure.
Ferrets routinely have a thinning of their haircoat during the spring and summer.
Ferrets secrete more oil to replenish what is lost from bathing.
Ferrets seek out prey.
Ferrets seem especially prone to intestinal blockages from swallowed foreign bodies.
Ferrets shed twice a year and do so in about two weeks time.
Ferrets show fear.
Ferrets sleep in strange positions.
Ferrets sleep much of the time, but when awake are both curious and highly active.
Ferrets sleep quite a bit, even adults.
Ferrets spend a good portion of their day sleeping.
Ferrets stay underground most of the day and hunt at night, so they can be hard to spot.
Ferrets tend to be more juvenile in behavior compared to polecats.
Ferrets tend to be more juvenile in behaviour compared to polecats.
Ferrets tend to chip their canines on various things.
Ferrets tend to have itchy skin.
Ferrets tend to tolerate chemotherapy well, usually with few significant side effects.
Ferrets tend to urinate and defecate within a few minutes after waking up.
Ferrets turn affectionate in their own time.
Ferrets typically enjoy interacting with other pets in the household.
Ferrets use their front paws like little hands to grasp, groom, and dislodge food particles.
Ferrets use their long bodies for many different things.
Ferrets frequently develop dry brittle coats when deprived of sufficient fat in the diet.
Ferrets frequently kill adult kiwi.
Ferrets often have some sort of medical disorder in their lives.
Ferrets often shake and tremble, esp after they just wake up.
Ferrets often sleep together for comfort as well as warmth.
Ferrets usually hunt at night and sometimes eat animals such as snakes, squirrels and mice.
Ferrets usually like to sleep piled together in a heap.
Ferrets usually lose fur twice a year when they shed - in spring and in the fall.
Ferrets usually reach full adult size by the age of six months.
All ferrets are current on their distemper shots.
All ferrets are excellant programs.
All ferrets have an affinity for people.
Many ferrets also enjoy trash-can diving.
Many ferrets are partial to the cat teaser toy, and bell toys.
Many Ferrets are worth more in parts, than all together.
Many ferrets like to chase their human's feet and nip at ankles.
Many ferrets love small hammocks that can be hung from the ceiling of the cage.
Many ferrets start to have seizures, quite debilitating.
Most ferrets are classified as mammals.
Most ferrets are purchased or adopted already spayed or neutered.
Most ferrets drink water.
Most ferrets eat dry food.
Most ferrets eat food.
Most ferrets enjoy life.
Most ferrets enjoy some fruits and vegetables.
Most ferrets experience sudden death.
Most ferrets generally get along with cats and dogs.
Most ferrets go to the box immediately in the cage.
Most ferrets have bones.
Most ferrets have bright white teeth.
Most ferrets have diets.
Most ferrets have fluid.
Most ferrets have foul fluid.
Most ferrets have foul smell fluid.
Most ferrets have lifespans.
Most ferrets have lobes.
Most ferrets have sharp teeth.
Most ferrets have short legs.
Most ferrets have teeth.
Most ferrets have white teeth.
Most ferrets kill baby chicks.
Most ferrets kill chicks.
Most ferrets like to see what's under their food dish, so ideally a clamp on dish works best.
Most ferrets live for years.
Most ferrets live in burrows.
Most ferrets live in prairie dog burrows.
Most ferrets love to dig and the food bowl makes a great place to practice their mess-making skills.
Most ferrets love to dig.
Most ferrets make choices.
Most ferrets make food choices.
Most ferrets make sound.
Most ferrets make unhealthy choices.
Most ferrets make unhealthy food choices.
Most ferrets never grow out of their playful stage.
Most ferrets prefer to burrow in cloth items such as old towels, blankets and sweaters.
Most ferrets prefer to have all four feet in the litter pan when they use it.
Most ferrets prefer to sleep within a relatively small, enclosed area.
Most ferrets quickly acquire the taste.
Most ferrets require diets.
Most ferrets require meat protein diets.
Most ferrets seek out prey.
Most ferrets show fear.
Most ferrets tend to be pretty reliable about using the litter box in their cage.
Some ferrets also like to take showers and baths with their owners.
Some ferrets are bleed to death.
Some ferrets attack small children.
Some ferrets become friends.
Some ferrets become good friends.
Some ferrets become pets.
Some ferrets can suffer from scaly, itchy skin.
Some ferrets carry rabies.
Some ferrets complete skeletal growth.
Some ferrets develop illnesses.
Some ferrets develop infection.
Some ferrets develop many more illnesses.
Some ferrets die from illnesses.
Some ferrets eat mammals.
Some ferrets eat rodents.
Some ferrets eat small mammals.
Some ferrets eat small rodents.
Some ferrets eat squirrels.
Some ferrets escape from boxes.
Some ferrets escape from cages.
Some ferrets escape from cardboard boxes.
Some ferrets even go out of their way to move the litterbox and go behind it.
Some ferrets get flu.
Some ferrets get human flu.
Some ferrets go completely limp when scruffed.
Some ferrets have a buff coat with light markings.
Some ferrets have accidents.
Some ferrets have detectable viruses.
Some ferrets have discharge.
Some ferrets have experience.
Some ferrets have gastrointestinal tracts.
Some ferrets have habits.
Some ferrets have interest.
Some ferrets have predators.
Some ferrets have tracts.
Some ferrets have viruses.
Some ferrets have watery discharge.
Some ferrets hiss regularly, and it's just their way of talking.
Some ferrets kill prey.
Some ferrets like to put their heads in their water bowls, covering their ears.
Some ferrets live in prairie.
Some ferrets live in tunnels.
Some ferrets naturally produce a dark brown ear wax.
Some ferrets never seem quite as robust following an outbreak.
Some ferrets reside in breed facilities.
Some ferrets reside in facilities.
Some ferrets seem to be more prone to skin tumors than others.
Some ferrets stay put, others do the dance of joy.
Some ferrets use burrows.
Some ferrets use prairie dog burrows.
Ferric chloride gives a more controllable etch, plus it is safer than the traditional acids.
Ferric chloride has numerous advantages over other etchants such as nitric acid and dutch mordant.
Ferric chloride is a bleaching solution used on negative materials.
Ferric chloride is a salt which gives a clean etch to copper-based alloys.
Ferric chloride is a screening test for phenylketones.
Ferric chloride is best when 'seasoned' or after it has been used for etching a few copperplates.
Ferric chloride is crystal.
Ferric chloride is ionic compounds.
Ferric chloride is very reactive with metals, which is one reason it was used to etch the copper.
Most ferric chloride is produced as a byproduct of steel pickling liquor.
Ferric compounds are useful in removing odor problems.
Ferric heme is incapable of binding oxygen because of a stoichiometric alteration of the molecule.
Ferric ion is a strong oxidizing agent that plays an important role in oxidation of sulfide ores.
Ferric ions react with iron metal .
Ferric ions react with iron metal.
Ferric iron is blue, ferrous iron is green, and clays, carbonates, and vegetation are red.
Ferric iron turns the water a hazy, reddish-brown color and makes it very unappealing.
Ferric iron utilizes a different pathway to enter cells than ferrous iron.
Ferric oxide is another oxide of iron.
Ferric oxide is oxide
Ferric sulfate forms a positive trivalent particle with very sticky characteristics.
Ferrimagnetism is therefore similar to ferromagnetism.
Ferris mails live honey bees to customers throughout the United States.
Ferris parents leave, day begins.
Ferrite magnet is substantially a kind of ceramic.
Ferrite magnets are very hard and brittle, and require specialized machining techniques.
Ferrite magnets can be wet pressed or dry pressed.
Ferrite suppressors are available in many different configurations.
Ferrite suppressors are very effective in damping out emissions on cables.
Ferrite tiles are also available for use in anechoic chambers.
A ferrite is a solution
Ferrites are ceramics materials that can be magnetized to a high degree.
Ferrites are effective on radio power input leads and strobe power input leads.
Ferrites are solid solutions.
Ferrites are the easiest to use.
Ferrites can achieve much higher permeabilities than their counterparts, powdered-irons.
Ferrites can come in all shades of black and gray-black.
Ferrites have the least expensive raw materials.
Ferritin complexes combine together to form even larger complexes that are engulfed by the lyosomes.
Ferritin levels are low.
Ferritin levels correlate with and are useful in evaluation of total body storage iron.
Ferritin levels correlate with total body iron stores.
Ferritin tests remain an approximation rather than an accurate indicator of iron stores.
A ferritin is a protein
Ferritin is a cheap and readily available material that, in nature is used to store iron.
Ferritin is a protein that acts like a large holding vessel.
Ferritin is a protein that carries iron in the bloodstream.
Ferritin is a protein that combines with iron to store it in the liver.
Ferritin is found in most cells in the body and in the serum.
Ferritin is low with combined iron deficiency and thalassemia.
Ferritin is made of different ratios of two subunits and the subunits are functionally distinct.
Ferritin is storage iron and in the brain can impair function.
Ferritin is the major iron storage protein .
Ferritin is the major protein for iron storage and iron detoxification.
Ferritin is the major storage protein under normal conditions.
Ferritin is the substance that recycles iron within the body.
Ferritin is water soluble and a very small amount is dissolved in the plasma.
Ferritins are proteins.
Ferroan dolomite appears in several of the state's Precambrian iron formations.
Some ferrocement builders use forms which are made with flat materials.
Ferrocement hulls are fire resistant.
Ferrocyanide is salt
Ferrocyanides are very persistent but are of low toxicity.
Ferroelectric crystals are the electric analogues with two ends with opposite electric polarity.
All ferroelectric crystals are necessarily both pyroelectric and piezoelectric.
Ferroelectric materials are highly valuable for next-generation electronics.
Ferroelectric materials can create an electric field the way iron magnets create a magnetic field.
Ferroelectric materials exhibit a broad range of functional properties.
Ferroelectric materials have a dielectric constant that can be varied by an applied electric field.
Ferroelectric materials have large macroscopic electrical dipole polarizations.
Ferroelectric properties stem from the shape and structure of the crystal used.
Ferrographic analysis is the most precise way to examine and diagnose iron wear and corrosion.
All ferromagnesian atoms are in octahedra of two slightly different types.
Ferromagnesian minerals break down to iron oxides, staining the rock red.
Ferromagnetic material contains many tiny magnetic domains at the microscopic level.
Ferromagnetic materials are far more magnetically permeable than air or vacuum.
Ferromagnetic materials are natural producers of magnetic fields like iron, cobalt, and nickel.
Ferromagnetic materials exhibit magnetism even in the absence of an external magnetic field.
Ferromagnetic materials exhibit phenomena.
Ferromagnetic materials have a large, positive susceptibility to an external magnetic field.
Ferromagnetic materials have some unpaired electrons so their atoms have a net magnetic moment.
Ferromagnetic materials have special structure that enhances their magnetic effects.
Ferromagnetic materials have very high magnetic permeabilities.
Most ferromagnetic materials exhibit some measurable magnetostriction.
Some ferromagnetic materials have external fields.
Some ferromagnetic materials have external magnetic fields.
Some ferromagnetic materials have fields.
Some ferromagnetic materials have magnetic fields.
Ferromagnetic objects have the strongest magnetic force out of the three magnetic types.
Ferromagnetic substances are quite different.
A ferromagnetism is magnetism
Ferromagnetism comes from the large increase in magnetisation when domains are aligned.
Ferromagnetism describes strong attraction to magnetic fields.
Ferromagnetism is exhibited by iron and several other metals.
Ferromagnetism is one of the strongest forms of magnetism.
Ferromagnetism is the result of long range correlation amongst electron spins.
Ferromagnetism is the strongest one .
Ferromagnetism is the strongest one.
Ferromagnetism is the theory which explains how materials become magnets.
Ferromagnetisms are magnetism.
Ferroresonant technology allows for accurate battery recharge from a variety of discharge states.
Ferrotec customers get fast delivery and comprehensive service.
Ferrotec engineers work with customers to understand their thermal management applications.
Ferrous alloys are, therefore, iron base alloys.
Ferrous alloys are, therfore, iron base alloys.
Ferrous compounds are weak reducing agents.
Ferrous iron is absorbed and utilized by the hemoglobin of the red cells better than ferric iron.
Ferrous iron is absorbed in the duodenum and upper jejunum.
Ferrous metal is recovered from the incoming waste and post-combustion from the ash.
Ferrous metal is removed from each line by an overhead magnet.
Ferrous metallurgy is concentrated in Cherepovets.
Ferrous nails can leave unsightly rust stains on plywood and other board products.
Ferrous oxalate is the result of the decay by light or age of ferric oxalate.
Ferrous particulate is captured by the gauss field.
Ferrous salts tend to oxidize in moist air and form brownish-colored ferric salts.
Ferrous scrap accounts for the largest volume of metal scrapped.
Ferrous scrap is scrap iron and steel.
Ferrous sulfate can turn grass black-green for a couple of weeks, but does no permanent damage.
Ferrous sulfate dosing to sea water systems can provide improved resistance.
Ferrous sulfate is a form of the mineral iron.
Ferrous sulfate is a synthetic, high-potency source of iron.
Ferrous sulfate is crystal.
Ferrous sulfate is high in bioavailability while ferrous carbonate is moderate in bioavailability.
Ferrous sulfate is inorganic compounds.
Ferrous sulfate is ionic compounds.
Ferrous sulfate is less available and less effective than the chelates.
Ferrous sulfate is problematic for many, often causing constipation and digestive upset.
Ferrous sulfate is produced as a by-product of titanium dioxide production.
Ferrous sulfate is strong, while ferrous gluconate is great.
Ferrous sulfate is the cheapest and most commonly used iron salt.
Ferrous sulfate is the least expensive and most commonly used oral iron supplement.
Ferrous sulfate is the preferred form.
Ferrous sulfate is toxic substances.
Ferrous sulphate is the cheapest iron supplement.
Ferruginous hawk is a bird of paradoxes.
Ferruginous hawks are birds of open country.
Ferruginous hawks depend on only a few prey species.
Ferruginous hawks have a natural range in colour, from very dark to light.
Ferruginous hawks rely primarily upon rodents found in their grassland ecosystems.
A ferrule is a cap
Ferrule is attached with adhesive, plus mechanically stacked to insure performance.
Ferrules are caps.
Ferrules are fittings used to form a holding point on a piece of wire rope.
Ferrules are generally nickel and handle length is long.
Ferrules are mirror-finished stainless steel.
Ferrules are nickel-plated and handles are made of quality hardwood.
Ferrules are relatively cheap when compared to their overall importance.
Ferrules are solid metal.
Ferrules are usually nickel.
Ferrules have an important effect on the overall action of a fly rod.
Ferry boats are also available at both lakes.
Ferry boats make scheduled runs in the early morning and in the late afternoon.
Ferry boats ply from Battery Park.
Ferry boats provide transportation to many of Maine s offshore islands.
Ferry boats sink all the time.
Ferry concession has snack bar.
Ferry County has a sawmill, mining facility and agriculture as their largest industries.
Ferry County offers the hunter some of the finest deer, grouse and bear hunting.
Ferry disasters are frequent in Bangladesh, a tropical delta nation of hundreds of rivers.
Ferry discounts are available for children, seniors, and groups.
Ferry operation ceases for day when park reaches capacity.
Ferry operations account.
Ferry riders enjoy sun and conversation.
Ferry service begins to West Vancouver.
Ferry service is also available.
Ferry service is also on hold.
Ferry service is available all year, but during the summer, the frequency of service increases.
Ferry service is available from both Vancouver and Vancouver Island.
Ferry service is available from Copper Harbor.
Ferry service is available from the downtown piers to other areas of the city.
Ferry service is available from the mainland, weather permitting.
Ferry service is available to Canadian Islands and the Canadian mainland.
Ferry service is available to four points.
Ferry service is available to New York City from various locations, and more sites are planned.
Ferry service is available to reach the memorial.
Ferry service is available year round, with increased frequency in the summer.
Ferry service is available.
Ferry service is free for the first week.
Ferry service is frequent through the summer months.
Ferry service is the vital link to and from the Island.
Ferry service is very reliable.
Ferry service operates approximately once every hour.
Ferry service operates summer only.
Ferry services are available to get from island to island.
Ferry services are available to reach the memorial.
Ferry terminal is approximately one block on the left.
Ferry tickets are available.
Ferry times are subject to change.
A ferry is a boat
Ferries also carry essential goods to water-locked communities.
Ferries also connect isolated coastal towns north of the city of Vancouver.
Ferries also cross some lakes and rivers in British Columbia.
Ferries also depart on a monthly basis.
Ferries are a favorite form of transportation in the Bay area.
Ferries are a great way to see the harbor.
Ferries are a more expensive but far more comfortable option than catching a bus.
Ferries are a more picturesque option.
Ferries are a scenic way to get around and, in some cases, are much faster than the bus.
Ferries are a very good option for travelling inside Japan.
Ferries are a vital part of Sydney's waterscape and very much part of our heritage.
Ferries are about transit freedom.
Ferries are absolutely essential to our West Sound region, as well as bridges and highways.
Ferries are accessible on the first deck only.
Ferries are an enjoyable and inexpensive way to see and get around to various parts of Sydney.
Ferries are an extension of the state highway system.
Ferries are an integral part of America s maritime policy.
Ferries are better in that kind of country.
Ferries are boarded by ramps at all locations, however their steepness depends on the tide.
Ferries are boats.
Ferries are cheap and arrive the next morning.
Ferries are clean and personnel courteous.
Ferries are crucial transportation links in British Columbia.
Ferries are fast.
Ferries are highly maneuverable.
Ferries are inexpensive, frequent and reliable.
Ferries are located in bodies of water.
Ferries are logical, affordable and fun.
Ferries are more fun.
Ferries are nothing more than a bridge.
Ferries are numerous and much less expensive than flying from other parts of Greece.
Ferries are our lifeline.
Ferries are perhaps the best way to explore Sydney's harbor.
Ferries are plentiful, tickets are relatively cheap and the bigger boats motor along at a fair link.
Ferries are popular.
Ferries are ships.
Ferries are Sydney's best almost freebie.
Ferries are the cheapest means of transportation between the two lakeside towns.
Ferries are the main conveyance in the areas lacking roads.
Ferries are transportation.
Ferries are used across seas, lakes and rivers.
Ferries are used for ferries.
Ferries are used for transport.
Ferries are used for transportation.
Ferries are vulnerable to currents and weather.
Ferries arrive and depart with remarkable frequency.
Ferries can also be a big bottleneck, especially on weekends.
Ferries can be a time to relax and rest.
Ferries can go anywhere.
Ferries can secure growth or seal decline of island economies.
Ferries come in all shapes and sizes.
Ferries connect all coastal ports.
Ferries connect the country with Greece, Turkey, Tunisia, Malta, Albania, Croatia and Spain.
Ferries connect the country with Greece, Turkey, Tunisia, Malta, Albania, Egypt and Spain.
Ferries connect the many islands, carrying trains, automobiles, bicycles and people.
Ferries connect to British, Scandinavian and Baltic ports.
Ferries continue crossing the channel until high winds and tides make their mission unsafe.
Ferries cross the river regularly.
Ferries depart approximately once per hour.
Ferries depart daily to De Palm Island from the mainland.
Ferries depart daily.
Ferries depart every fifteen minutes .
Ferries depart every fifteen minutes.
Ferries depart from a number of points along the coast.
Ferries depart regularly.
Ferries depart Singapore hourly.
Ferries dock directly adjacent to the ballpark beyond the right field wall.
Ferries dock here yet today to drop off visitors to the remote isle.
Ferries go from here to Dublin, Ireland.
Ferries have LCD signs that display stops.
Ferries leave about every half hour.
Ferries leave from West End.
Ferries leave on the hour most hours during the summer.
Ferries leave roughly every half hour during the day, and every hour late at night.
Ferries leave weather permitting .
Ferries link a number of islands and fjords.
Ferries link Ireland with Brittany in France, which is also a Celtic region.
Ferries link the island with the mainland.
Ferries make less frequent trips to the archipelago's smaller islands.
Ferries mean long waits, usually in the rain.
Ferries operate between ports on the Pacific and Caribbean coastlines.
Ferries operate between the mainland and offshore islands.
Ferries operate inexpensive crossings between islands.
Ferries operate regularly all year round and accept local transport tickets.
Ferries operate services between islands.
Ferries operate to Denmark and Germany.
Ferries operate year round with reduced schedules and rates during the winter months.
Ferries provide an ideal platform to celebrate and promote alternative transportation.
Ferries provide service across a number of lakes and rivers in the region.
Ferries provide the main access to the Sunshine Coast.
Ferries run about every half-hour throughout the day.
Ferries run all day from early am to late pm.
Ferries run along the coast.
Ferries run back and forth when the bridge is open.
Ferries run between Amsterdam and Britain and Amsterdam and Norway.
Ferries run during spring through fall.
Ferries run during the day every day of the week .
Ferries run during the day every day of the week.
Ferries run frequently from Victoria and Vancouver.
Ferries run frequently to Denmark, Germany and Poland.
Ferries run from Seattle to Victoria, B.C. and Alaska.
Ferries run here everyday to make getting around a breeze.
Ferries run hourly, and Victoria is an easy day trip.
Ferries run much more frequently in the summer than in the winter.
Ferries run on the hour in winter, on the half-hour in summer.
Ferries run regularly every day of the week.
Ferries run regularly from port to port.
Ferries run several times a week between the islands.
Ferries run spring through fall.
Ferries run to both islands.
Ferries sail between all the island groups.
Ferries scurry back and forth, dodging oncoming ships.
Ferries serve all coastal ports.
Ferries shuttle in and out, providing the Island's year-round connection to the mainland.
Ferries still carry residents and tourists between the city and points east and north.
Ferries still outnumber bridges across the river.
Ferries still run regularly between Liverpool and Dublin and Liverpool and Belfast.
Ferries take approximately four hours.
Ferries take visitors to beaches where the Pacific Ocean is shades of deep blue.
Ferries tend to service relatively short routes many times a day.
Ferries There are ferries from England, Wales, Scotland and Continental Europe to Ireland.
Ferries There are many ferries operating across the Irish Sea.
Ferries travel three separate routes.
Ferry arrives Orcas Island.
Ferry puts it all in perspective.
Ferry rides across the Delaware Bay.
Ferry rides out to the Memorial are available.
Ferry runs frequent service.
Ferry takes gender very seriously.
Ferrys come in and out of the Bay every day.
All ferries are accessible by gangways and ramps for disabled persons.
All ferries are free, and operate on a first come, first served basis.
All Ferries are recent large, fast and comfortable.
All ferries are very cheap, and some within the islands are free.
All ferries carry cars.
All ferries sail year-round.
All ferries take cars, bikes, passengers.
Every ferry has a shuttle bus service to the railway station.
Every ferry works hard, day in and day out.
Many ferries continue to ply the sea route.
Most ferries accommodate cars, bicycles, or walk-on passengers.
Most Ferries are very bicycle friendly.
Most ferries can accomodate vehicles with priority loading and unloading to buses.
Most ferries carry vehicles and some require advance booking, especially during peak times.
Most ferries connecting with Denmark, Britain and Germany carry automobiles.
Most ferries leave once or twice a week.
Some ferries approach the towns on the Norwegian south-coast from Denmark.
Some ferries have bars and most of the bars have pianos.
Some ferries operate seasonally and other schedules change throughout the year.
Some ferries provide discounts.
A ferryboat is a boat
Ferryboats carry cars and people across wide rivers.
Ferryboats operate year round.
FERS rates apply for all children.
Fertalized eggs develop into females while unfertalized eggs develop into males.
Fertile acres nourish crops of green and red chile peppers.
Fertile branches arise in place of the leaf-like branch systems.
Fertile bulls can improve conception rates of cows and narrow the breeding season.
Fertile butterflies lay eggs only on a limited number of plant species, often only one.
Fertile days are days that there is a possibility for conception.
Fertile deltas result from repeated flooding, for instance.
Fertile eggs are available seasonally.
Fertile eggs are clear in appearance,while infertile eggs are generally cloudy.
Fertile eggs are completely edible.
Fertile eggs are the seeds.
Fertile eggs break down in quality at a much faster rate than unfertilized eggs.
Fertile eggs have a very high success rate, as do the tadpoles, which are quite large and sturdy.
Fertile eggs look like tiny crystal balls, transparent and shiny.
Fertile farmland features some of the best rock free topsoil in the valley.
Fertile farmland is left uncultivated, roads abandoned, and water sources made unsafe.
Fertile farmlands provide grains, sugar beet and potatoes.
Fertile females develop from the well-fed larvae.
Fertile females develop large pink swellings on their rears which signal receptivity.
Fertile fields produce vast crops of wheat.
Fertile flowers hermaphrodite .
Fertile flowers produce brown oval seeds.
Fertile flowers produce seeds.
Fertile flowers terminal.
Most fertile flowers produce brown oval seeds.
Most fertile flowers produce seeds.
More fertile forests support denser and more diverse bird communities.
Fertile freshwater is far less desirable than fertile land, because eutrophication leads to anoxia.
Fertile frond is a seperate tan-colored stalk providing spores.
Fertile fronds are bright green turning to a cinnamon brown and resemble cinnamon sticks.
Fertile fronds begin to wither in early summer, after sporulation is completed.
Fertile fronds develop fronds.
Fertile fronds develops clusters of small sporangia on the underside of the frond.
Fertile fronds have clusters of elongate sporangia that partially replace pinnules.
Most fertile fronds develop fronds.
Some fertile fronds contain sporangiums.
Some fertile fronds grow proliferous tips.
Some fertile fronds produce spores.
Fertile ground are transcripts of company officer's speeches.
Fertile ground exists for future research.
More fertile ground exists elsewhere.
Fertile habitats consist of decompose materials.
Fertile habitats consist of decompose plant materials.
Fertile habitats consist of materials.
Fertile habitats consist of plant materials.
Most fertile habitats consist of decompose materials.
Most fertile habitats consist of decompose plant materials.
Most fertile habitats consist of materials.
Most fertile habitats consist of plant materials.
Fertile land leads on to higher, wooded country where sheer cliffs offer breathtaking views.
Fertile leaves are fewer in number, deciduous, and much longer than the sterile leaves.
Fertile mucus is checked outside the vagina while wiping after every trip to the bathroom.
Fertile mucus looks like raw egg whites.
Fertile offspring resemble parents.
Fertile plains cover about a third of the land, and forests cover much of the rest.
Fertile plains lie along the coastline of Morocco.
Fertile plains stretch north and south along the Great Rift Valley.
Fertile plants have stems.
Some fertile queens go into hibernation.
Many fertile rivers are in the tropics that encompasses major world civilizations.
Fertile seed is produced almost immediately after sprouting.
Fertile seeds show much larger coronas than dead seeds.
Fertile soil contains humerus.
Fertile soil contains the nutrients in a readily available form that plants require for growth.
Fertile soil coupled with scant precipitation is the ideal combination for grassland.
Fertile soil is a precious thing.
Fertile soil is a prerequisite for healthy plants.
Fertile soil is loose, absorbent and pleasant smelling.
Fertile soil is needed before a vision can grow.
Fertile soil is the place where seeds can grow perfectly.
Fertile soil means lots of worms.
Fertile soils are able to provide the nutrients required for plant growth.
Fertile soils are the important resource for agriculture.
Fertile soils encourage succulent new growth that is palatable and nutritious.
Fertile soils formed from loess are good for farming because they contain few rocks.
Fertile soils make it an ideal place for agriculture.
Fertile soils yield the best crops, whether they are corn, soybeans, deer, or pheasants.
Fertile things are somewhat heavier, like the heavy fruit trees on the pregnant mud of the Nile.
Fertile topsoil contains matter.
Fertile topsoil contains organic matter.
Fertile topsoil needs for growth.
Most fertile topsoil contains matter.
Most fertile topsoil contains organic matter.
Fertile valleys lie between the hill lines, which generally run north-south.
Fertile valleys make agriculture the principal economic activity.
Fertile valleys surround the town, and all kinds of grain can be raised in abundance.
Fertile women are a rare commodity, but fertile men are even rarer.
Fertile women start pregnancy.
Most fertile women start pregnancy.
Fertilisation considerably stimulates biomass production.
Fertilisation involves the fusing of the gametes to form a diploid zygote.
Fertilisation is a certainty.
Fertilisation is a key feature of sexual reproduction.
Fertilisation is angiosperms, is unique.
Fertilisation is eiternat.
Fertilisation is enrichment
Fertilisation is probably internal .
Fertilisation is probably internal.
Fertilisation is when chromosomes from parents come together.
Fertilisation occurs in the culture dish.
Fertilisation occurs in the laboratory, resulting in a test-tube baby.
Fertilisation occurs in the oviduct.
Fertilisation occurs internally with the production of a single large egg.
Fertilisation occurs outside of the female's body, usually in pond water.
Fertilisation occurs when the sperm fuse with egg cells in the female organs.
Fertilisation occurs within the mantle cavity, presumably by sperm drawn in with the water flow.
Fertilisation results as influenced by insemination to ovulation interval and sperm dosage in sows.
Fertilisation soon takes place inside the tube.
Fertilisation starts when a pollen grain lands on the stigma.
Fertilisation takes place after pollination.
Fertilisation takes place in the fallopian tube.
Fertilisation takes place internally, and large eggs are produced.
Fertilisation therefore provides approximately equal numbers of male and female offspring.
A fertiliser is a chemical
Fertiliser can be detrimental to the environment in terms of habitat loss and watercourse pollution.
Fertiliser encourages weed growth.
Fertiliser pollutes the water tables of the soil.
Fertilisers also contain some, salt.
Fertilisers also encourage the growth of weeds requiring the use of herbicides.
Fertilisers Apply a proprietor lawn fertiliser in late spring when the lawn is growing strongly.
Fertilisers Apply the following rates of magnesium and trace elements to the soil before planting.
Fertilisers are chemicals.
Fertilisers are important to secure an adequate yield.
Fertilisers contain nitrogen.
Fertilisers Distribute the fertiliser around the base of the plant and water it in.
Fertilisers generally dissolve very quickly, so reducing the chances of harm to the frogs.
Fertilisers increase the productivity of the soil.
All fertilisers contain a small amount of copper that is very dangerous for shrimps.
Most fertilisers dissolve more readily in warm or hot water.
Some fertiliser is spilled while it is being unloaded at a truck distribution centre.
Some fertilisers release nitrous oxide.
Fertility appreciation has a tremendous power to transform.
Fertility awareness is an essential part of reclaiming the sacred erotic and self-knowing.
Fertility awareness requires full understanding and cooperation of both partners.
Fertility awareness works well when it's used properly and diligently.
Fertility clinics have one goal in mind - to help people have babies.
Fertility cult statues evoque a human silhouette with carved forms for head, arms, stomach and legs.
Fertility deities are female and the earth itself is portrayed as a woman in most cultures.
Fertility doctors are the highest paid among all physicians.
Fertility doctors are the highest paid doctors of all.
Fertility doctors recognize the control young women have over their very valuable eggs.
Fertility doctors say they are just trying to give women the best odds of getting pregnant.
Fertility doctors use advertising and refund offers to woo couples.
A fertility drug is a drug
Fertility drugs are an option for some couples who are having difficulties conceiving.
Fertility drugs are drugs.
Fertility drugs are used to achieve pregnancy.
Fertility drugs can cause too many eggs to mature at once.
Fertility drugs can cause tremendous emotional stress.
Fertility drugs can correct infertility by altering a woman s hormone levels.
Fertility Drugs Find out what medications can be used and what in vitro methods are available.
Fertility issues are only one part of dealing with pcos.
Fertility issues become more focused as threats to society increased.
Fertility management plans to reduce or avoid the use of pesticides.
Fertility medications are inherently expensive.
Most fertility medications are agents that stimulate the development of follicles in the ovary.
Fertility potential is reduced.
Fertility problems affect both men and women.
Fertility problems are relatively common in llamas and alpacas.
Fertility problems are very rare.
Many fertility problems are minor and reversible.
Some fertility problems are minor and reversible.
A fertility rate is a rate
Fertility rate goes down as women starts aging.
Fertility rate is the total number of children born to the average woman.
Fertility rates are higher, but so are mortality rates - more than twice the total population.
Fertility rates are inversely proportional to women's status.
Fertility rates are lower today, but mortality rates are even lower.
Fertility rates begin to drop, especially in China, India and Bangladesh.
Fertility rates change over time for many different reasons and causes.
Fertility rates comes down when women s education and economic levels go up.
Fertility rates decrease with advancing age.
Fertility rates vary widely from country to country and are dependent on a large number of factors.
Fertility specialists focus on diagnosing and treating male and female infertility.
Fertility symbols are everywhere, deeply seated in our culture.
Fertility testing can take months to complete.
Fertility testing is easy and confidential .
Fertility testing is easy, convenient and confidential .
Fertility timing is one production practice that is changing.
Fertility treatments are able to help some women with autoimmune disease become pregnant.
Fertility treatments can be a lengthy, nerve-wracking and expensive process.
Fertility affects a plant's growth rate and ability to defend against disease.
Fertility affects population size and age-sex structure through births.
Fertility also plays a part in agriculture and burial ceremonies.
Fertility appears to improve among men who receive therapy for cryptorchidism before puberty.
Fertility becomes a process to be understood rather than a disease to be treated.
Fertility continues to increase.
Fertility decreases with age.
Fertility drops sharply and hormone levels keep falling.
Fertility drops with improved economics.
Fertility has to do with reproduction and everything that influences it.
Fertility Have a soil test done to determine what fertilizer rate is needed.
Fertility is a blessing in our tradition, and having children a commandment.
Fertility is a blessing.
Fertility is a funny thing.
Fertility is a genetic fact that can be transmitted.
Fertility is a matter of chance, like rolling the dice.
Fertility is a phenomenon that occurs between a couple.
Fertility is a trait generally considered to be of low heritability.
Fertility is also better with less hens.
Fertility is always important, and the first item on the fertility list is nitrogen.
Fertility is as important to bulbs as it is to any other plant.
Fertility is ascertained by the development of blood vessels within the egg.
Fertility is based on soil physical properties, biological, and chemical properties.
Fertility is close to the last thing on the minds of most young men.
Fertility is dangerous.
Fertility is decreased in both male and female animals.
Fertility is emphasized to a great degree.
Fertility is especially impaired.
Fertility is extremely difficult to predict, especially in teens and premenopausal women.
Fertility is extremely important, but few producers really target the genetics of fertility.
Fertility is generally excellent.
Fertility is hereditary.
Fertility is high and texture good.
Fertility is high.
Fertility is highest if males and females are kept together at all times.
Fertility is important in Mongolian society, so childless women usually experience social stigma.
Fertility is likely to decline.
Fertility is lost in the reassignment process.
Fertility is low.
Fertility is lowest in Germany, Greece, Italy and Spain.
Fertility is measured in terms of total number of children ever born.
Fertility is moderate.
Fertility is nature's way of making more from few and is necessary for the species.
Fertility is normal in women with rheumatoid arthritis.
Fertility is Omitted.
Fertility is one very basic expression of sexuality.
Fertility is quality
Fertility is reduced naturally as men and women age.
Fertility is regarded as a unified principle, equally held by male and female forces.
Fertility is represented in the soil by fibre and goodness.
Fertility is restored several months after the last injection.
Fertility is restored within a couple of weeks.
Fertility is similar in females treated with either method of estrous synchronization.
Fertility is the assurance of earthly continuance and comfort.
Fertility is the average number of offspring produced by an individual of age x per unit time.
Fertility is the greatest determinant for age structure.
Fertility is typically low.
Fertility is usually intact.
Fertility is usually normal.
Fertility is youth, womanhood, the essence of being female.
Fertility is, um, a pre-existing condition for a huge number of working women.
Fertility lasts only three or four days.
Fertility plays a huge role in the human population growth.
Fertility rapidly returns once the device is removed.
Fertility remains below replacement level.
Fertility remains high, but improved conditions mean falling death rates.
Fertility stabilizes at a lower level than before.
Fertility too is understood in a new light.
Fertility often declines rapidly.
Fertility often improves for women after they stop smoking.
Fertility often returns within two weeks following an abortion.
Fertility usually returns to normal after immunity develops.
Fertility usually returns to normal when the drug is stopped.
Some fertility is good, because it feeds Lake Winnebago's outstanding fisheries and wildlife.
Fertilization rates vary according to soil tests.
Fertilization accelerates the rate of stand development.
Fertilization activates the egg to complete meiosis and begin development.
Fertilization acts as a stimulus.
Fertilization affects the tolerance of plants to dry weather.
Fertilization allows the flower to develop seeds.
Fertilization begins in the fallopian tube.
Fertilization begins when a man's sperm cell enters a female's egg, creating a zygote.
Fertilization can be either internal or external.
Fertilization can be external or internal, depending on the taxon.
Fertilization can help produce large flowers.
Fertilization can provide nutrients necessary for plant growth and improve overall health.
Fertilization can take place if insects and birds can be encouraged to visit the flowers.
Fertilization can then occur by in-vitro fertilization.
Fertilization can then occur.
Fertilization can thus take place several weeks after mating with the male.
Fertilization causes cortical rotation and thereby creates bilateral symmetry.
Fertilization completes the sexual process, and as a result produces a seed from a fertilized ovule.
Fertilization creates a diploid embryo, which grows into the sporophyte, and the cycle then repeats.
Fertilization defects in sperm from mice lacking fertilin beta.
Fertilization depends on availability.
Fertilization depends on water.
Fertilization determines the size and quality of the flowers and foliage.
Fertilization effects on physically protected light fraction organic matter.
Fertilization effects on physically-protected light fraction organic matter.
Fertilization enhances both weed biomass and seed production.
Fertilization fails or fertilized zygote dies.
Fertilization forms a zygote which enlarges by water uptake to form an auxospore.
Fertilization forms the diploid zygote and triggers the onset of embryonic development.
Fertilization further establishes the polar axes within the egg.
Fertilization has effects.
Fertilization has functions.
Fertilization helps trees withstand repeated defoliation.
Fertilization increases deciduous growth.
Fertilization increases genetic variation.
Fertilization increases growth.
Fertilization increases shrub growth.
Fertilization increases variation because two haploids become a diploid.
Fertilization involves a number of changes in the sperm and ova.
Fertilization involves four major events.
Fertilization involves several steps.
Fertilization involves steps.
Fertilization is a biological process that has important social, economic and medical implications.
Fertilization is a key factor too.
Fertilization is a mitogenic stimulus that triggers the zygote to re-enter the cell cycle.
Fertilization is a process which takes place gradually and in secret.
Fertilization is a slow process in pines.
Fertilization is a standard part of any lawn care program.
Fertilization is almost always external.
Fertilization is also an effective and economical way to prevent the growth of many aqua-tic weeds.
Fertilization is also very important.
Fertilization is always internal.
Fertilization is an active process which requires an interaction between the sperm and the eggs.
Fertilization is an important biological process resulting in the first embryonic stage, the zygote.
Fertilization is apparently external.
Fertilization is avoided by preventing contact between spermatozoa and the ovum.
Fertilization is by means of spermatozoids which swim in water.
Fertilization is complete when the sperm and egg nuclei fuse.
Fertilization is creations.
Fertilization is dependent on water - sperm are splashed or swim to the archegonia.
Fertilization is enrichment
Fertilization is enrichment.
Fertilization is important on both upland and flatwoods pine plantations.
Fertilization is important to keep plants growing vigorously.
Fertilization is in most cases cross-fertilization.
Fertilization is more consistent with manual spawning, however.
Fertilization is most likely to occur from intercourse during the six days that end in ovulation.
Fertilization is much more difficult to accomplish when sperm motility is reduced.
Fertilization is normally external but sometimes internal fertilization occurs.
Fertilization is often necessary to maintain optimum yields.
Fertilization is one of the things that makes cotton more intensive and challenging.
Fertilization is one step of the reproduction process both in animals and plants.
Fertilization is only the beginning of animal reproduction.
Fertilization is possible even in cases with scant sperm or compromised sperm function.
Fertilization is presumably external.
Fertilization is sex at the genetic level, and seed are seed.
Fertilization is similar to cabbage with boron or molybdenum additions sometimes required.
Fertilization is simple.
Fertilization is still external but the eggs and developing larvae remain with the mother.
Fertilization is the penetration of the egg by a sperm.
Fertilization is typically external.
Fertilization is unnecessary for many of the spring flowering shrubs.
Fertilization is unnecessary if the nutrient status of the soil is satisfactory.
Fertilization is usually external, but in brooding species occurs in the mantle pallial cavity.
Fertilization is usually external.
Fertilization is usually internal, another adaptation for terrestrial life.
Fertilization is usually internal.
Fertilization isa beginning.
Fertilization leads to a gestation period of about fifty to seventy days.
Fertilization leads to development.
Fertilization makes reproduction.
Fertilization means adding nutrient to soil.
Fertilization mediates within-tree phytochemical induction by the gypsy moth in oaks.
Fertilization occurs ad the fertilized macrogamete becomes an oocyst.
Fertilization occurs after the deposition of the cocoon.
Fertilization occurs after the plant is pollinated.
Fertilization occurs and a zygote is produced within the host cells.
Fertilization occurs and a zygote is produced.
Fertilization occurs and seed development and maturation continues.
Fertilization occurs and the fertilized eggs are harvested either surgically or non-surgically.
Fertilization occurs and the formation of a zygote, sporophyte and then finally a fronds develop.
Fertilization occurs and the seed forms in the ovary.
Fertilization occurs and then eggs travel down the oviduct.
Fertilization occurs as the eggs and milt intermingle.
Fertilization occurs at time.
Fertilization occurs by chance.
Fertilization occurs by combining egg of female and sperm of the male.
Fertilization occurs by zygote dies.
Fertilization occurs externally in most species.
Fertilization occurs externally, with development following in the open water.
Fertilization occurs here.
Fertilization occurs high up in the oviduct and a shell gland puts on the shell afterward.
Fertilization occurs if the sperms meet an egg.
Fertilization occurs in a tube.
Fertilization occurs in an aqueous environment.
Fertilization occurs in aqueous environments.
Fertilization occurs in cavities.
Fertilization occurs in control environments.
Fertilization occurs in environments.
Fertilization occurs in fallopian tubes.
Fertilization occurs in gametophytes.
Fertilization occurs in mantle cavities.
Fertilization occurs in mesohyl followed by development of flagellated larva.
Fertilization occurs in much the same way in all flowering plants.
Fertilization occurs in pistils.
Fertilization occurs in spring summer.
Fertilization occurs in springs.
Fertilization occurs in summer.
Fertilization occurs in the a. vagina.
Fertilization occurs in the archegoniophore.
Fertilization occurs in the body cavity or just after the ovum enters the oviduct.
Fertilization occurs in the fallopian tube or oviduct.
Fertilization occurs in the fallopian tubes rather than in the laboratory.
Fertilization occurs in the female's reproductive organs.
Fertilization occurs in the laboratory outside the woman's body.
Fertilization occurs in the laboratory when the sperm are mixed with the eggs.
Fertilization occurs in the laboratory, hence the term test-tube baby.
Fertilization occurs in the mesenchyme and the zygotes develop into ciliated larvae.
Fertilization occurs in the outer portion of the tube when the sperm penetrates the egg.
Fertilization occurs in the oviduct leading to the uterus.
Fertilization occurs in the oviduct or ovary itself.
Fertilization occurs in the proximal oviduct ampulla.
Fertilization occurs in the upper half of the oviduct.
Fertilization occurs in the uterine tubes.
Fertilization occurs in the water and the eggs become sticky.
Fertilization occurs in the water column.
Fertilization occurs in water column.
Fertilization occurs in water.
Fertilization occurs inside the female coral, and a small planula develops inside it.
Fertilization occurs inside umbrella and a microscopic sporophyte forms within the tissue.
Fertilization occurs internally and results in the production of jelly-like eggs.
Fertilization occurs internally in the female.
Fertilization occurs internally, and is followed by a long period of gestation.
Fertilization occurs naturally in the fallopian tubes.
Fertilization occurs only if a sperm meets an egg from the same species.
Fertilization occurs outside of the body for organisms such as fish.
Fertilization occurs shortly after pollination and begins the process of seed development.
Fertilization occurs through pollen-tubes with two male nuclei.
Fertilization occurs when a father's sperm and mother's egg unite at the time of conception.
Fertilization occurs when a female gamete and a male gamete join to create a zygote.
Fertilization occurs when a male and female gamete join to form a zygote.
Fertilization occurs when a sperm and egg interact.
Fertilization occurs when a sperm fuses with an egg to form a zygote.
Fertilization occurs when a sperm swims to an archegonium.
Fertilization occurs when a sperm unites with the egg.
Fertilization occurs when an egg and a sperm cell fuse to form a diploid zygote.
Fertilization occurs when an egg is joined with a sperm and an embryo results.
Fertilization occurs when flagellated sperm swim to the egg.
Fertilization occurs when one of the sperm nuclei unites with the egg nucleus.
Fertilization occurs when sperm and egg nuclei unite.
Fertilization occurs when the egg and sperm fuse and join.
Fertilization occurs when the male and female cells unite to produce a seed.
Fertilization occurs when the male gametes unite with the female egg in the ovule.
Fertilization occurs when the male sex cell joins the female sex cell.
Fertilization occurs when the nuclei of an egg and a sperm cell fuse to form a zygote.
Fertilization occurs when the nuclei of the sperm and egg meet and join together or fuse.
Fertilization occurs when the nucleus of a sperm cell fuses with the nucleus of an egg cell.
Fertilization occurs when the sperm nuclei fuses with the female egg nucleus.
Fertilization occurs when the sperm successfully enters the ovum's membrane.
Fertilization occurs within the archegonium.
Fertilization occurs within the oviduct.
Fertilization occurs within the protection of the archegonium.
Fertilization occurs within the united tube.
Fertilization occurs within the united tubes.
Fertilization overlap after two swaths.
Fertilization produces a diploid zygote which develops into the next sporophyte generation.
Fertilization produces a zygote, and meiosis produces haploid spores.
Fertilization produces an embryo that stimulates another hormone to maintain the uterus lining.
Fertilization promotes selective association of the abl kinase with the egg cytoskeleton.
Fertilization provides nourishment.
Fertilization refers to the initiation of a new human being.
Fertilization refers to the union of the sperm and the egg to form a zygote.
Fertilization relies on spermatozoa for most sexually reproductive animals.
Fertilization requires at least a thin film of water so sperm can swim to egg.
Fertilization requires moisture.
Fertilization requires water to be active.
Fertilization restores chromosome number to the normal state.
Fertilization restores diploid chromosome number and paired condition for alleles in zygote.
Fertilization results in a diploid zygote.
Fertilization results in an embryo which develops inside protective layers of tissue.
Fertilization results in constant growth.
Fertilization results in constant population growth.
Fertilization results in growth.
Fertilization results in population growth.
Fertilization results in pregnancy.
Fertilization results in production.
Fertilization results in the development of oocysts that are excreted in the stool .
Fertilization results in the development of oocysts, which are excreted in the stool.
Fertilization results in the formation of oocysts, which are then passed out with the feces.
Fertilization results in the formation of zygote which begins to develop into an embryo.
Fertilization results in the production of a zygote.
Fertilization results in the re-establishment of the diploid number of chromosomes.
Fertilization returns the haploid gametophyte generation to the diploid sporophyte generation.
Fertilization soon follows and the embryo is placed in the woman's uterus.
Fertilization still takes place in the fallopian tube, like normal.
Fertilization stimulates germination.
Fertilization stimulates growth and increases water needs.
Fertilization stimulates growth of phytoplankton which is, in turn, consumed by filter-feeding carp.
Fertilization stimulates seed germination.
Fertilization stimulates the growth of plankton algae.
Fertilization stimulates the secretion of wall material which occurs in the periplasm.
Fertilization take, place inside ibis cocoon.
Fertilization takes place after a flagellated sperm swims to the archegonium.
Fertilization takes place and seed production starts.
Fertilization takes place at that time, but embryos remain in a dormant state for several weeks.
Fertilization takes place by osmosis.
Fertilization takes place during the morning, and the flowers usually wither and die about noon.
Fertilization takes place externally.
Fertilization takes place here, and embryonic development begins.
Fertilization takes place in che uterus.
Fertilization takes place in oviduct around midpoint of dark cycle.
Fertilization takes place in the fallopian tube close to the ovary.
Fertilization takes place in the fallopian tubes.
Fertilization takes place in the laboratory.
Fertilization takes place in the mid portion of the tube, called the ampulla.
Fertilization takes place in the open water and cell division begins.
Fertilization takes place in the ovary.
Fertilization takes place in the oviduct.
Fertilization takes place in the upper oviduct before albumin and shell are added.
Fertilization takes place in the water column.
Fertilization takes place inside the anemone instead of in the water.
Fertilization takes place inside the fallopian tube.
Fertilization takes place inside the fallopian tubes.
Fertilization takes place inside the females and results in planula larvae.
Fertilization takes place inside the females.
Fertilization takes place inside the sporophyte which is retaining the gametophyte.
Fertilization takes place inside the tube.
Fertilization takes place inside the tubes.
Fertilization takes place internally , although the mode of sperm transmission varies widely.
Fertilization takes place internally for boa constrictors.
Fertilization takes place late the following spring.
Fertilization takes place once mature flowers have developed on the tomato plant.
Fertilization takes place outside the body in a small glass dish.
Fertilization takes place outside the woman's body.
Fertilization takes place prior to elongation of the stalk, and a sporophyte is formed.
Fertilization takes place when a choanocyte fuses with the egg.
Fertilization takes place when the male and female cells unite in the ovule.
Fertilization takes place when the sperm and egg nucleus unite.
Fertilization takes place within the clitellum, a thicker glandular mid section band of the body.
Fertilization takes place within the coral.
Fertilization takes place.
Fertilization takes placein the water.
Fertilization therefore occurs outside the body.
Fertilization triggers completion of meiosis in most vertebrates.
Fertilization triggers pregnancy.
Fertilization triggers the completion of meiosis and the female pronucleus is formed.
Fertilization triggers their activation and the onset of development.
Fertilization often takes place without the formation of an ovum at one of the two oocyte stages.
Most fertilization depends on availability.
Most fertilization has effects.
Most fertilization has functions.
Most fertilization increases deciduous growth.
Most fertilization increases growth.
Most fertilization increases shrub growth.
Most fertilization involves several steps.
Most fertilization involves steps.
Most fertilization leads to development.
Most fertilization makes reproduction.
Most fertilization occurs at time.
Most fertilization occurs in aqueous environments.
Most fertilization occurs in cavities.
Most fertilization occurs in control environments.
Most fertilization occurs in environments.
Most fertilization occurs in gametophytes.
Most fertilization occurs in mantle cavities.
Most fertilization occurs in pistils.
Most fertilization occurs in spring summer.
Most fertilization occurs in springs.
Most fertilization occurs in summer.
Most fertilization provides nourishment.
Most fertilization requires moisture.
Most fertilization stimulates germination.
Most fertilization triggers pregnancy.
Some fertilization affects distribution.
Some fertilization affects fitnesses.
Some fertilization follows development.
Some fertilization follows embryo development.
Some fertilization involves fusion.
Some fertilization occurs at nights.
Some fertilization occurs in angiosperms.
Some fertilization occurs in carapaces.
Some fertilization occurs in foxes.
Some fertilization occurs in laboratories.
Some fertilization occurs in mammals.
Some fertilization occurs in mucous tubes.
Some fertilization occurs in red foxes.
Some fertilization occurs in tubes.
Some fertilization produces sporophytes.
Some fertilization reduces responses.
Some fertilization results in disorder.
Some fertilization stimulates growth.
Some fertilization takes time.
Some fertilization triggers egg activations.
A fertilized egg is an animal
Fertilized egg develops inside female gametangia and is thus protected.
Fertilized egg develops into a sporophyte.
Fertilized egg surrounds itself with a wall and becomes oospore.
Fertilized eggs are deposited in multiple pockets within the redd over a span of several days.
Fertilized eggs are deposited in the soil in cocoons.
Fertilized eggs are eggs that have joined with sperm cells.
Fertilized eggs are enclosed in a cocoon and hatch in two to three weeks.
Fertilized eggs are held in a sac against the urosome of the female.
Fertilized eggs are laid in holes in the ground.
Fertilized eggs are laid singly and are usually attached to aquatic plants.
Fertilized eggs are left behind in the pool to develop.
Fertilized eggs are more resistant to drying out than unfertilized eggs.
Fertilized eggs are released as floating masses.
Fertilized eggs are released in long strings.
Fertilized eggs are retained brooded over winter for dispersal in the spring plankton bloom.
Fertilized eggs are safe to eat.
Fertilized eggs are the limiting factor.
Fertilized eggs become female workers, while unfertilized eggs become males.
Fertilized eggs become female, and are diploid .
Fertilized eggs become female, and are diploid.
Fertilized eggs become hatchlings, then tadpoles, then adult frogs.
Fertilized eggs cleave many times to give rise to multicellular organisms.
Fertilized eggs develop quickly depending upon the temperature of the pool water.
Fertilized eggs develop rapidly into ciliated larvae .
Fertilized eggs develope into non-feeding larvae which metamorphose and settle.
Fertilized eggs fall among the gravel and rocks on the bottom which provide some protection.
Fertilized eggs grow into larvae called planulae.
Fertilized eggs hatch after about fifteen days.
Fertilized eggs hatch into free-swimming trochophore larvae.
Fertilized eggs join together in a mass, held together with adhesive produced by the female.
Fertilized eggs lie dormant until denning.
Fertilized eggs remain in the gills until the larvae develop.
Fertilized eggs result in female offspring, either workers or queens.
Fertilized eggs undergo several larval stages before they turn into adult sea cucumbers.
Fertilized females begin to swell as the eggs develop within their bodies.
Fertilized females produce both males and females, whereas unfertilized females produce only males.
Fertilized females remain in the root, and their bodies begin to swell.
Fertilized females seek a blood meal which is needed for egg maturation.
Fertilized flowers grow into acorns that sit in hard cups called peduncles.
Fertilized ovaries develop and produce seeds.
Fertilized ovaries swell to form egg-shaped dehiscent seed capsules which bear numerous tiny seeds.
Fertilized queens activate their ovaries when they lay their eggs.
Fertilized soil is bitter.
Fertilizer applications have effects.
Fertilizer applications have negative effects.
Fertilizer bombs are a way of life for the loggers in Washington and elsewhere.
Fertilizer runoff can cause unwanted plant growth in streams which can then rob the water of oxygen.
Fertilizer runoff is another critical source of nitrogen loss.
Fertilizer absorbs water.
Fertilizer add and pruning the plant monthly.
Fertilizer adds necessary nutrients.
Fertilizer adds nutrients.
Fertilizer can be effectively surface broadcast incorporated or drill banded.
Fertilizer can burn the lawn requiring extra watering.
Fertilizer can help fast-growing annuals reach their maximum height and bloom.
Fertilizer can increase hay production, but it can also create weed problems.
Fertilizer can increase plant vigor and improve flowering.
Fertilizer can run off lawn when it rains and find their way into rivers and lakes.
Fertilizer can start to reduce production when . . .
Fertilizer causes the natural algae to experience rapid population growth, known as a bloom.
Fertilizer comes second to water in producing color and size, two attributes of good growth.
Fertilizer comes second.
Fertilizer contains ammonium.
Fertilizer contains basic nutrients.
Fertilizer contains essential nutrients.
Fertilizer contains impurities.
Fertilizer contains irons.
Fertilizer contains microorganisms.
Fertilizer contains minerals.
Fertilizer contains nitrate.
Fertilizer contains nitrogen.
Fertilizer contains nutrients.
Fertilizer contains phosphorus.
Fertilizer contains plant nutrients.
Fertilizer contains potassium nitrate.
Fertilizer contains potassium.
Fertilizer contains trace minerals.
Fertilizer contains urea, making it a fairly effective ice melter.
Fertilizer encourages growth.
Fertilizer encourages new growth and then the plants water needs are greater.
Fertilizer exemplifies factors that farmers use abundantly to raise yields.
Fertilizer facilitates growth.
Fertilizer feeds plants while it cleans.
Fertilizer forces new trees to expend meager energy stores.
Fertilizer has effects.
Fertilizer has harmful effects.
Fertilizer has minerals.
Fertilizer has negative effects.
Fertilizer has numerous harmful effects.
Fertilizer has properties.
Fertilizer has term effects.
Fertilizer helps deficiencies.
Fertilizer helps iron deficiencies.
Fertilizer helps keep the color in the foliage.
Fertilizer helps plants.
Fertilizer helps, just like the right soil, water, sunshine, etc.
Fertilizer improves survival.
Fertilizer increases growth.
Fertilizer increases plant growth only if it is a limiting factor.
Fertilizer is a chemical
Fertilizer is a double-edged sword.
Fertilizer is a highly efficient industry but is overshadowed by government policies.
Fertilizer is a material which provides nutrients to plant roots in a form that the roots can use.
Fertilizer is a production input that can easily increase the profit margin.
Fertilizer is almost never a help to stressed plants, but mulching with good compost can be.
Fertilizer is also a main culprit in the use of the other chemicals.
Fertilizer is also important.
Fertilizer is any material that supplies one or more of the essential nutrients to plants.
Fertilizer is applied according to soil tests taken every three to four years.
Fertilizer is applied as sidedress when strawberries are planted.
Fertilizer is applied at planting time.
Fertilizer is applied through the irrigation system.
Fertilizer is applied with the irrigation water, mainly nitrogen phosphate and potassium.
Fertilizer is available in dry and liquid forms.
Fertilizer is available in liquid and in granular forms.
Fertilizer is banded to the side, placed under the plant or applied as a starter solution.
Fertilizer is both costly and risky for farmers to use.
Fertilizer is chemicals.
Fertilizer is consumable products.
Fertilizer is done at the cable studio using three cameras and layered effects of vision and sound.
Fertilizer is especially important when growing plants in wire baskets.
Fertilizer is essential for good lawn growth.
Fertilizer is fertilizer, regardless of the brand name.
Fertilizer is important for healthy daylilies.
Fertilizer is knifed in with a bullet shaped eagle beak.
Fertilizer is located in garages.
Fertilizer is made from local pyrite, and seaweed farming and processing is a growing industry.
Fertilizer is made of materials.
Fertilizer is made of organic materials.
Fertilizer is made of such materials.
Fertilizer is most effective when plants are growing most vigorously.
Fertilizer is much too expensive to use for weed feed.
Fertilizer is natural or manufactured material that boosts plant growth when added to the soil.
Fertilizer is often misunderstood and misused.
Fertilizer is only one component of the way plants generate their food.
Fertilizer is organic or inorganic.
Fertilizer is organic sea weed.
Fertilizer is placed below and to the side of the seed.
Fertilizer is spread underneath every tree according to leaf and soil analysis.
Fertilizer is unnecessary since it is best to throw the plant away after flowering.
Fertilizer is used by farmers.
Fertilizer isa chemical.
Fertilizer makes for numerous green leaves, but at the expense of weak cell walls.
Fertilizer means crops, which is human fuel.
Fertilizer needs to be applied every four to six weeks during the growing season only.
Fertilizer needs vary according to soil types and area of the country.
Fertilizer only helps fix problems when the plant is deficient in a certain nutrient.
Fertilizer plants each spring according to soil test results.
Fertilizer primarily promotes growth.
Fertilizer produces green leaves, encourages new growth and helps fruit crops to develop.
Fertilizer produces plant growth and the stage of maturity determines forage quality.
Fertilizer promotes foliage growth and slows the flowering stage of the plant.
Fertilizer provides a feeding specially designed for use on newly seeded areas.
Fertilizer provides benefits.
Fertilizer provides nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and certain key elements like iron.
Fertilizer provides nitrogen.
Fertilizer provides nutrients for spring growth.
Fertilizer provides nutrients.
Fertilizer provides nutrition.
Fertilizer provides plant nutrients.
Fertilizer run-off causes excess growth of algae or weeds, which can choke the ponds.
Fertilizer spills near a well pose a contamination threat.
Fertilizer stimulates germination.
Fertilizer stimulates growth.
Fertilizer stimulates plant growth.
Fertilizer stimulates rapid growth.
Fertilizer stimulates rapid plant growth.
Fertilizer takes time to work well.
Fertilizer use guidelines for Massachusetts cranberry production.
Fertilizer uses in farms.
Fertilizers act to supplement the natural deficiency as well as the depletion of nutrients.
Fertilizers add elements essential for healthy growth.
Fertilizers add nutrients to the soil.
Fertilizers also have the potential to contaminate groundwater when over-applied.
Fertilizers also help to reduce global warming because they improve plant nutrition.
Fertilizers are a regular part of our contract unless the client has other preferences.
Fertilizers are added to the soil to supply elements essential to the growth of plants.
Fertilizers are also available in organic and inorganic forms.
Fertilizers are also important in predisposing the plants to disease.
Fertilizers are any material that provides any of the nutrients plants use as food.
Fertilizers are applied to crops both as solids and as liquid.
Fertilizers are available in a water soluble or granular form.
Fertilizers are available in both organic and inorganic form.
Fertilizers are available in commercial inorganic or organic forms.
Fertilizers are available in dry and liquid forms.
Fertilizers are classified in several ways.
Fertilizers are concentrated fertilizer particles of the major nutrients required by plants.
Fertilizers are different from each company so it is difficult to give an exact number.
Fertilizers are essential to maintain and increase production.
Fertilizers are expensive.
Fertilizers are food for the plant.
Fertilizers are important ingredients in plant health management.
Fertilizers are one type of soil amendment.
Fertilizers are oxidants and can accelerate a fire.
Fertilizers are Qatar's second most important export.
Fertilizers are rich in such nitrogenous materials.
Fertilizers are salt and when overused can burn or kill plants.
Fertilizers are 'salts' and so can cause plant injury just as easily in some cases as rock salt.
Fertilizers are salts of essential elements.
Fertilizers are salts that can dehydrate tender new root growth.
Fertilizers are salts that can further stress or kill trees if water is inadequate.
Fertilizers are sort of like vitamins for plants.
Fertilizers are subject to state fees and random inspection tests.
Fertilizers are substances added to enrich soil making it better for the plant.
Fertilizers are substances that supply plant nutrients or amend soil fertility.
Fertilizers are unlikely to cause serious harm unless burns or an allergic reaction occur.
Fertilizers are very caustic and can burn and kill the roots of young trees.
Fertilizers are, chemically, salts.
Fertilizers become big business and the war of the weeds is on.
Fertilizers bring about some improvement, but poverty is an impediment to their use.
Fertilizers can be expensive and are manufactured using nonrenewable fossil fuels.
Fertilizers can create salty conditions in the soil.
Fertilizers can harm newly planted trees very easily.
Fertilizers can run off the soil surface and contaminate nearby streams and lakes.
Fertilizers come in both inorganic and organic forms.
Fertilizers come in many forms and are applied in many ways.
Fertilizers come in several forms.
Fertilizers Consider replacing fertilizers with organic compost.
Fertilizers contain different amounts of heavy metals.
Fertilizers contain large amounts of nitrogen and phosphorus- primary nutrients for algae.
Fertilizers contain many variations of minerals.
Fertilizers contain nitrogen and phosphorous that can cause large amounts of algae to grow.
Fertilizers contain nutrients such as nitrogen, phosphorus and potash.
Fertilizers containing ammonium nitrogen seem to be best for the plants.
Fertilizers containing iron have the potential to cause problems, but very infrequently.
Fertilizers containing only nitrogen and potassium are commercially available.
Fertilizers create lush growth susceptible to the heat.
Fertilizers deplete many important minerals from food.
Fertilizers differ in their alkalinity or acidity depending on composition.
Fertilizers differ in their amounts of the nutrients nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
Fertilizers display the balance of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium using three numbers.
Fertilizers encourage weed growth and lush foliage rather than flowers.
Fertilizers enhance consumer products.
Fertilizers enhance the growth of plants.
Fertilizers feed the growing world.
Fertilizers help plants grow.
Fertilizers increase crop production and improve lawns and gardens dramatically.
Fertilizers increase fish yields.
Fertilizers kill amphibians when they run off a field and into a pond.
Fertilizers maintain turfgrass density, vigor, and color.
Fertilizers make crops grow more quickly, but can also poison rivers and streams.
Fertilizers make grass grow faster, requiring more mowing.
Fertilizers now come in many forms, making the choices of what to use even more confusing.
Fertilizers play a vital role in agriculture.
Fertilizers promote growth but increase water consumption.
Fertilizers promote growth of algae and aquatic vegetation beyond what is naturally sustainable.
Fertilizers promote root and shoot growth and produce a dark green color.
Fertilizers protect the environment.
Fertilizers provide elements that are essential to plant growth and development.
Fertilizers provide faster plant growth and greater amounts of food produced per plant.
Fertilizers provide much-needed nutrition for the course's plant life.
Fertilizers provide needed minerals.
Fertilizers quickly break down to provide specific nutritional needs to plants.
Fertilizers speed unpleasant algae growth.
Fertilizers stick around a little longer.
Fertilizers stimulate growth and increase water needs.
Fertilizers stimulate production of natural foods for fry.
Fertilizers supplement the roots with nutrients drawn from the soil.
Fertilizers supplying the ammonium form of nitrogen are best.
Fertilizers therefore represent an essential ingredient in the drive towards world food security.
Fertilizers Use unfinished compost, mulch.
Fertilizers used in ponds stimulate the growth of microscopic plants called algae.
Fertilizers used in soils create an imbalance of minerals in soils and plants.
Fertilizers used in the production of fish are exempt.
Fertilizers vary considerably in price.
Fertilizers vary in moisture content and in size and particle density.
Fertilizers vary in the availability of nutrients.
Fertilizers vary in their tendency to burn roughly in accordance with their salt index .
Fertilizers often produce a flush of new growth the psyllids favor.
Fertilizer usually contains nitrogen, phosphate and potash.
Fertilizer usually is incorporated into the soil at the time the planter is filled.
All fertilizer is incorporated.
All fertilizers are non toxic, orthane or pounce.
All fertilizers can cause injury to plants when applied in excess.
All fertilizers have analysis numbers on the package.
All fertilizers have three numbers.
Many fertilizers are available to supply additional nutrients.
Many fertilizers are formulated for specific plants like roses, bulbs, or vegetables.
Many fertilizers are known irritants of the gastrointestinal tract.
Many fertilizers can time the release of nutrients.
Many fertilizers come in specially designed formulas for indoor plants.
More fertilizer requires more mowing, so start by fertilizing the lawn less.
More fertilizer requires more mowing.
Most fertilizer adds necessary nutrients.
Most fertilizer adds nutrients.
Most fertilizer contains ammonium.
Most fertilizer contains basic nutrients.
Most fertilizer contains essential nutrients.
Most fertilizer contains impurities.
Most fertilizer contains irons.
Most fertilizer contains microorganisms.
Most fertilizer contains minerals.
Most fertilizer contains nitrate.
Most fertilizer contains nitrogen.
Most fertilizer contains nutrients.
Most fertilizer contains phosphorus.
Most fertilizer contains plant nutrients.
Most fertilizer contains potassium nitrate.
Most fertilizer contains potassium.
Most fertilizer contains trace minerals.
Most fertilizer encourages growth.
Most fertilizer has effects.
Most fertilizer has harmful effects.
Most fertilizer has minerals.
Most fertilizer has negative effects.
Most fertilizer has numerous harmful effects.
Most fertilizer has properties.
Most fertilizer has term effects.
Most fertilizer helps deficiencies.
Most fertilizer helps iron deficiencies.
Most fertilizer helps plants.
Most fertilizer improves survival.
Most fertilizer increases growth.
Most fertilizer is applied at or before planting on field crops.
Most fertilizer is applied before planting.
Most fertilizer is made of materials.
Most fertilizer is made of organic materials.
Most fertilizer is made of such materials.
Most fertilizer is used by farmers.
Most fertilizer provides benefits.
Most fertilizer provides nutrients.
Most fertilizer provides nutrition.
Most fertilizer provides plant nutrients.
Most fertilizer stimulates rapid growth.
Most fertilizer stimulates rapid plant growth.
Most fertilizers also contain some of the micro-nutrients.
Most fertilizers can be just fine.
Most fertilizers cause a ph change in the soil.
Most fertilizers contain nitrogen and phosphorous, two elements that are essential to life.
Most fertilizers contain nitrogen, potassium and phosphorus.
Most fertilizers contain phosphorus and potassium in addition to nitrogen.
Most fertilizers contain various mixtures of two or more sources of nutrients.
Most fertilizers only satisfy a portion of the plants' needs.
Most fertilizers slowly release nitrogen with salt.
Some fertilizer attracts insects.
Some fertilizer causes damage.
Some fertilizer causes pollution.
Some fertilizer contains chloride.
Some fertilizer contains elements.
Some fertilizer contains major elements.
Some fertilizer contains plant food elements.
Some fertilizer contains potassium chloride.
Some fertilizer contains sulfur.
Some fertilizer contains trace elements.
Some fertilizer creates conditions.
Some fertilizer formulates for orchids.
Some fertilizer has amounts.
Some fertilizer has instruction.
Some fertilizer includes gypsums.
Some fertilizer includes synthetic gypsums.
Some fertilizer is applied in a broad band in the bed and covered with plastic, at planting.
Some fertilizer leads to buildups.
Some fertilizer leads to degradations.
Some fertilizer leads to nasty buildups.
Some fertilizer provides food.
Some fertilizer stimulates emergence.
Some fertilizer stimulates oat emergence.
Some fertilizer stimulates wild oat emergence.
Some fertilizers also release ammonia, which is toxic to fish.
Some fertilizers are incomplete, that is, they contain only one or two of the nutrients.
Some fertilizers are made from chemicals.
Some fertilizers break down slowly, providing a continuous source of nutrients.
Some fertilizers contain additional potassium and can be used to be on the safe side.
Some fertilizers contain only organically derived nutrients.
Some fertilizers only supply one nutrient.
Ferulic acid is a strong membrane antioxidant in people.
Ferulic acid is also a natural source for the ultraviolet light UV protection.
Fervent curiosity is more important than specialized knowledge.
Fervent prayer dispels anxious care.
Fervent prayers are to be offered.
Fervor is a passion
Fervor is the weapon of choice of the impotent.
Fervor is the word here.
Fervour isa condition.
Fes is a very interesting destination for travel, hotels, shopping, and vacations.
Fes is divided into three distinct parts.
Fes is extremely historical and it is well worth spending the money on an official guide.
A fescue is grass
Fescue also has a fine, textured blade and deep green foliage.
Fescue also performs very well in shaded areas.
Fescue can be much more persistent than bromegrass or quackgrass.
Fescue can inhibit the growth of other plants, and it produces little food or cover for wildlife.
Fescue contains an endophyte fungus that lives in a symbiotic relationship with fescue grass.
Fescue grows best in open sunlight and spreads primarily by seed to form dense solid stands.
Fescue grows rapidly and requires frequent mowing to help it spread.
Fescue is a bunchgrass which can provide fair quality nesting structure if lightly grazed.
Fescue is a common pasture grass in eastern Oklahoma.
Fescue is a cool-season grass and grows most actively during the cooler periods of the year.
Fescue is a fine grass that grows in poor soil and in dry conditions.
Fescue is a low-maintenance grass that resist diseases and tolerates shade and some drought .
Fescue is also adaptive as a companion crop with clover or alfalfa and other forage grasses.
Fescue is also the most shade tolerant of the three varieties.
Fescue is an indigenous Kentucky grass.
Fescue is best in cooler climates, while bermuda and zoysia are best in warmer areas.
Fescue is considered the best adapted cool-season perennial grass for Mississippi.
Fescue is higher in energy and digestibility during late fall than at any other time of year.
Fescue is one of the region's most popular bluegrass bands.
Fescue is quite tolerant of continuous grazing but produces higher yields under rotational grazing.
Fescue is relatively drought-tolerant, but needs to be watered during the summer to keep it green.
Fescue is resistant to insects, disease and weed competition.
Fescue is the most persistent, best adapted, cool season perennial forage grown in eastern Oklahoma.
Fescue is used for both pasture and hay.
Fescue is well suited for planting along highways, roadsides and idle areas for erosion control.
Fescue limits movement and provides little cover for wildlife.
Fescue needs to be mowed as high as possible and thourghly soaked with each watering.
Fescue presents an ominous challange on every hole.
Fescue spreads the lead vocal chores around, though there are no credits on the vocals.
Fescue typically has a split growing season in Oklahoma.
Fescue varieties number in the hundreds, with more added each year.
Fescues are among our most rugged and drought tolerant turf grasses.
Fescues are cool season grasses and have a bunch type growth habit.
Fescues are especially tolerant.
Fescues are grass.
Fescues are very susceptible to damage and are often killed in dry seasons.
Fescues come in many forms and are generally classified as fine or coarse.
Fescues germinate rapidly and seedlings establish quickly.
Fescues prefer water but are drought tolerant when forced to be.
All fescue responds well to a regular fertilizing and aerating schedule.
All Fescues are in stock for immediate shipment.
A festering is an activity
Festering int the vortex of holocaust winds, life Growing stale in swollen wombs.
Festival books vary considerably in both content and form.
All festival days are by donation.
Festival money is required to purchase any food or beverage item.
Festival music is full of modernist clich s without the radical edge of the music it emulates.
Festival Park has a new permanent stage for events and festivals.
Festival Park offers a fascinating experience which everyone really enjoys.
Festival Park provides a further illustration of pedestrians receiving a low priority in design.
Festival Park provides an ideal facility for trade shows, exhibits and presentations.
All festival seating is open, except the first six rows, which seat festival patrons.
All festival sessions are open to the public with no admission fee.
Festival time is in effect .
Festival time is sacred time.
A festival is a period
Festival accepts film and video shorts and features.
Festival begins ten days preceding.
Festival begins with the first of many free concerts of the weekend.
Festival comes under intense scrutiny of local and federal authorities.
Festival equals celebration, joyous mirthful, entertainment.
Festival features bands, food and dancing.
Festival features clogging, games, petting zoo, food vendors and musical entertainment.
Festival features crafts, entertainment, activities for children, and great food.
Festival features games, flea market, pony and fire engine rides, a clown, kids crafts and music.
Festival features native dishes and entertainment.
Festival hold art together.
Festival isa period.
Festival lasts for several days, being a big celebration.
Festival lasts two weeks.
Festival offers both free and ticketed events.
Festival offers cultural experience .
Festival passes available.
Festival promotes ideas for futuristic living .
Festival runs all day.
Festival runs rain or shine.
Festival show tickets.
Festivals abound in the Capital City.
Festivals abound in the Queen City.
Festivals abound throughout the city year-round offering a variety musical choices.
Festivals abound throughout the summer.
Festivals allow people to hear a wide variety of music for one admission fee.
Festivals also play a part of the life style of the people who live on the Andes region.
Festivals also recall past events, and consecrate a new season with confidence and hope.
Festivals are a key to many European tourists planning a North American visit.
Festivals are a prime site for community-building, too.
Festivals are a terrific way to meet experts who know all the local hotspots.
Festivals are a time to come together and live together.
Festivals are a year-round way of life in Germany.
Festivals are about more than just music.
Festivals are almost universal, and are a very important way of expressing a sense of community.
Festivals are also a place to learn about various crafts.
Festivals are also an important time of recreation.
Festivals are also an opportunity for rest and relaxation.
Festivals are also opportunities for family reunions and socialization.
Festivals are always a good time.
Festivals are an integral part of city life.
Festivals are an integral part of people s lives in Kyoto.
Festivals are annual events.
Festivals are another great occasion for appeasing the gods.
Festivals are at the core of community culture in Zion.
Festivals are beneficial in that they help to spread tourists throughout the country.
Festivals are big business in Europe.
Festivals are big in Japan.
Festivals are by and large run by emperors with no clothes.
Festivals are celebrated there.
Festivals are celebration.
Festivals are celebrations.
Festivals are colorful occasions.
Festivals are colourful occasions.
Festivals are common.
Festivals are concerts with amplitude and, sometimes, attitude.
Festivals are different everywhere, everywhere.
Festivals are eligible to apply only for their professional core ensembles.
Festivals are for eating and drinking.
Festivals are for summertime, especially in a climate as unreliable as Britain's.
Festivals are for the purpose of attracting trade to the town.
Festivals are great places to show the film, create buzz, get feedback, meet people.
Festivals are important just on the face of things for their entertainment value.
Festivals are important part of the Chinese tradition.
Festivals are more inclusive of all groups in a community.
Festivals are now a part of English life.
Festivals are often party- like events emphasizing food and fanfare.
Festivals are our conventions.
Festivals are part of people's lives and coexsist with busy lifestyles of the Japanese people today.
Festivals are socials.
Festivals are something of our speciality.
Festivals are somewhat of a subculture, and people who have never attended are often skeptical.
Festivals are the major exception.
Festivals are the universal form of community celebration.
Festivals are time periods.
Festivals are tricky things to review.
Festivals are way to be in touch with the ancient time and away from the busy everyday life, too.
Festivals are ways of expressing their identities as well as appreciation for variety of things.
Festivals begin at sundown the prior Gregorian day .
Festivals begin at sundown the prior Gregorian day.
Festivals bring 'em out.
Festivals bring forward the specially gifted.
Festivals build community cohesiveness.
Festivals can be fun but they are way too stressful.
Festivals Can Educate.
Festivals can include performances, workshops, craft demonstrations, and commentary.
Festivals cost money - entrance fee, cost to send print, cost to protect print, travel and lodging.
Festivals create a market atmosphere where there can be heat and there can be buzz.
Festivals crowd the calendar.
Festivals differ from one ethnic group to another.
Festivals display the best of many different ethnic cultures, and food is often part of the fun.
Festivals dot the calendar to celebrate everything from ballooning to the rodeo.
Festivals draw crowds from around the region.
Festivals feature arts activities, adaptive workshops, exhibitions and performances.
Festivals feature guided walking tours, spectacular flower gardens, golf, arts, and comedy.
Festivals feature local and regional painters, sculptors, photographers and artists.
Festivals feature prominently in London's event calendar, particularly during the summer months.
Festivals fill the calendar year-round, many celebrating historic events or offering reenactments.
Festivals fill the calendar year-round, many celebrating historic events or offering reinactments.
Festivals fill the week with food, music and fast boats.
Festivals Find music related festivals and conferences.
Festivals Follow up of the most important flamenco festivals.
Festivals give everyone the opportunity to have a good time.
Festivals give way to fun-loving, talented men and women singing and dancing.
Festivals happen all over the place.
Festivals here are frequent and have broad appeal.
Festivals honor the seasons, ask blessings for crops or ask for prosperity in the town.
Festivals inevitably generate heady idealism and a tendency to lose touch with everyday realities.
Festivals is a cooperation organisation for the principal cultural events in Finland.
Festivals make every season a celebration.
Festivals mark the seasons and express the joys, hopes, and fears of the people.
Festivals occur during mourn periods.
Festivals occur during periods.
Festivals offer a fantastic diversity of activities, concerts and shows.
Festivals offer a variety of special opportunities.
Festivals only exist when people gather together.
Festivals play a major role in Spanish life.
Festivals provide opportunities for young people to meet possible mates from other villages.
Festivals reenact the lives of the dead.
Festivals revive and recapture their spirited cultural activities.
Festivals run year round celebrating the province's history and culture.
Festivals seem only to be held for sightseeing purposes.
Festivals seem to be the highway to their heart.
Festivals Take advantage of the weather by attending some outdoor festivals.
Festivals take place daily.
Festivals take place throughout the year.
Festivals take risks.
Festivals tend to have a natural lifespan.
Festivals thus have a cyclical, seasonal character.
Festivals vary according to the region and tribe.
Festivals Visit the most prestigious Spanish film festivals.
Festivals always remind one of the specialty dish associated with that particular festival.
Festivals often offer music, square dancing or line dancing, folklore and demonstrations as well.
All festivals are alcohol-free and suited for families.
All festivals have free admission.
All festivals revolve round agricultural operations.
All festivals start the preceding day at sundown.
Every festival has a defining film.
Every festival has a story behind it.
Every festival has some purpose to serve.
Every festival is different.
Every festival is regarded as a holy event surcharged with divinity.
Every festival leaves behind memories special to it.
Every festival needs a controversy and Edinburgh has once again come up trumps.
Many festivals also have special programs, like parties and workshops and seminars.
Many festivals also involve gifts of textiles as a sign of respect to elders.
Many festivals are either all amateurs or it's simply the local stars.
Many festivals are largely repetitions of the standard repertoire from the subscription season.
Many festivals are outdoors under tents others are both indoors and outdoors.
Many festivals derive from ancient religious and folk beliefs.
Many festivals exist just to honor a prized edible or beverage.
Many festivals find that their clean-up costs drop when they make recycling available.
Many festivals happen every year, or at some other common interval.
Many festivals have entry fees or other requirements for submissions.
Many festivals have live concerts.
Many festivals have objects, only created at that time.
Many festivals hold auditions in Dallas and Houston.
Many festivals start in the day, going well into the night so dressing in layers is a good idea.
Many festivals welcome volunteers.
More Festivals Go here to find out more about film festivals in Chicago.
Most festivals are annual, but some happen on a longer cycle.
Most festivals are family oriented, a canny combination of art, frolic, and information.
Most festivals are family-oriented, a canny combination of art, frolic and information.
Most festivals are free.
Most festivals are good experiences.
Most festivals are in the summer.
Most festivals are outdoors and require a lot of walking.
Most festivals attract jugglers who have already spent several years in disciplined practice.
Most festivals go so far as to recreate the atmosphere of an authentic European bazaar.
Most festivals have a children's area and make an outstanding family trip.
Most festivals have entry fees so be selective.
Most festivals have musicians playing from a monster stage to crowds in the thousands.
Most festivals involve music , dance and sporting contests.
Most festivals involve music, dance and sporting contests.
Most festivals occur during mourn periods.
Most festivals occur during periods.
Most festivals occur during the rice-harvesting times.
Most festivals span two days, from sunset to sunset.
Some festivals are competitive, giving awards from a jury or selected by the audiences.
Some festivals are ethnic in nature.
Some festivals are national events or holidays and celebrated nationwide.
Some festivals are religious, while others are related to farming or fishing.
Some festivals concentrate on song, some on dance, some provide both.
Some festivals have over twenty tents and marquees.
Some festivals relate to the Buddhist religion.
Some festivals travel from city to city, others occur once in a given city.
Some festivals welcome the seasons of the year, the harvest, the rains, or the full moon.
More festive adornments are sure to follow in the coming months.
Festive attire is encouraged.
Festive bag is great for storage and travel.
Festive choices are available year round from our monthly specialty menus.
Festive choices are available year round from their monthly specialty menus.
Festive confetti is used as a bedding in all of our basktes.
Festive dress is encouraged.
Festive Fonts brightens up the hallways of our school.
Festive food is often rich, maybe too rich.
Festive food is one of the pleasures of life, something to savor in moderation.
Many festive foods are labor-intensive, some requiring preparation over several days.
Festive lights dangle from the treetops, decorations adorn the historic district.
Festive Plates Create festive holiday plates by stamping, stenciling, hand-painting or etching.
Festive ribbon Follow the instructions for preparation as provided on the telecast.
More festive scenes take place under dark blue skies studded with stars.
Festive worship is held at our regular worship times.
Festivities abound throughout the island.
Festivities actually get underway during the afternoon.
Festivities are numerous and span the entire holiday season.
Festivities are open to residents only.
Festivities begin around noon and finish with a street dance in the evening.
Festivities begin as soon as the racers dump their boats at Crane Lake.
Festivities begin at daybreak with a pancake breakfast.
Festivities begin at dinner and last until midnight.
Festivities begin at noon.
Festivities begin at the west end of the quadrangle near the science building.
Festivities begin on the eve of the race with registration, snacks and light entertainment.
Festivities begin two hours prior to kickoff at all away football games.
Festivities begin with a leisurely tour of the fabulous home.
Festivities can last through the following week.
Festivities come to a halt and clean up begins.
Festivities conclude with a bonfire.
Festivities conclude with a potluck dinner.
Festivities continue at half-time and following the game.
Festivities continue throughout the day and into the night.
Festivities continue today at noon.
Festivities follow the parade at the park.
Festivities go on all day and into the evening.
Festivities go one for one day, a weekend, and in some years, as long as a week.
Festivities honoring the new millennium are certain to bring to Paris a record number of tourists.
Festivities mark the occasion in Wales every year.
Festivities pick up today, when most players squeeze in a practice round.
Festivities planned include educational activities and games.
Festivities start around noon and finish very late.
Festivities start at five PM with tours of the almost completely restored car.
Festivities strengthen friendly ties between Texas and Mexico.
Festivities take place all over the country and are lavish displays in the Sultan's honour.
Festivities take place at Planet Hollywood, New York.
Festivities take place the day before as well as the day after.
Festivities take place under an Indian-style wooden teepee, with a bonfire in the middle.
Festivities unclude a pig roasting, senior services, awards, and a band.
Festivities vary a bit in different parts of Sweden.
Festivities vary in different regions.
Festivity is an end in itself.
Festivity is recreation
Festivity requires some form of merrymaking, some effort and acquiescence on the participants part.
Festivities often begin long before the holiday and last for days.
Festivities often mark the seasons and celebrate local resources.
Festivities usually start with a morning procession through the streets.
All festivities are free and open to the public.
All festivities are free.
More festivities are in store, of course.
Most festivities are religious in origin, and take place during holy days.
A festoon is embellishment
Festoon lamps all voltages, wattages and caps.
Festoons are another commonly observed feature.
Festoons are curtains.
Festoons are embellishment.
Festoons are present along the posterior margin.
Fetal abnormality is deviation from norm in fetus development.
Fetal abnormality is no longer a valid condition for an abortion.
Fetal acidemia is a slowly developing event from the onset of changes in the fetal heart rate.
Fetal activity is generally a reassuring sign of well-being.
Fetal addiction can occur if the drug is used during pregnancy.
A fetal age is an age
Fetal age is crucial to determining whether a pregnancy is too advanced for an abortion.
Fetal asphyxia is associated with intraventricular and intracerebral hemorrhage.
Fetal biopsy involves taking fetal tissue for DNA testing.
Fetal blood is in direct contact with the mother' s blood via the placenta.
Fetal blood leaves the placenta through veins leading back to the fetus.
Fetal brain is the most important tissue for diagnosis.
Fetal cells can also provide benefits to mothers, migrating to damaged tissue and repairing it.
Fetal cells provide special advantages as cell lines because of their rapid growth and adaptability.
Fetal cells thrive in a Parkinsonian brain.
Fetal circulation differs from adult circulation.
Fetal circulation is a circulatory system
Fetal circulation is a special type.
Fetal damage is minor.
Fetal death refers to the spontaneous intrauterine death of a fetus at any time during pregnancy.
Some fetal death occurs in facilities.
Some fetal death occurs in hospital facilities.
Some fetal death relates to injuries.
Some fetal death relates to maternal injuries.
Fetal demise is diagnosed by visualization of the fetal heart and the absence of cardiac activity.
Fetal demise is the exact opposite.
Fetal development begins soon after conception.
Fetal development continues during the third trimester.
Fetal development extends from the third to the ninth month.
Fetal development is a highly choreographed process.
Fetal development is activity dependent .
Fetal development is activity dependent.
Fetal development is one of the most important arguments of the pro-life movement.
Fetal development occurs in pregnancy.
Fetal development occurs in stages.
Most fetal development occurs in pregnancy.
Most fetal development occurs in stages.
Fetal distress is a serious condition and one which warrants prompt attention.
Fetal distress is abnormalities.
Fetal distress is an abnormality
Fetal distress is an outdated term that continues to be widely used in modern obstetrics.
Fetal distress is another reason for a Cesarean section.
Fetal distress is common and often unrecognised.
Fetal distress is more likely to occur with the more intense contractions of an induced labor.
Fetal distress is most commonly the consequence of maternal distress.
Fetal distress is the common denominator that results in the brain injury.
Fetal distress occurs when the baby's ability to cope with labor is compromised in some way.
Fetal echocardiogram is used to prenatally diagnose congenital heart disease.
Fetal echocardiography can help diagnose a variety of cardiac problems during pregnancy.
Fetal echocardiography helps pediatric cardiologists more accurately define the scope of the defect.
Fetal echocardiography is an ultrasound of a baby's heart before the baby is born.
Fetal echocardiography is essential to rule out serious, potentially life-threatening anomalies.
Fetal echocardiography is used to diagnose heart disease in the unborn child.
Fetal gallstones have a tendency to form in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Most fetal gallstones resolve spontaneously.
Fetal growth is of principal concern in perinatal surveillance.
Fetal growth takes place at a low oxygen tension which favours lipid anabolism for brain growth.
Fetal heart sounds.
Fetal hearts run off glycogen while adult hearts run off lipids.
Fetal hemoglobin arises from a gene different from that which produces hemoglobin.
Fetal hemoglobin enhances the fetus' ability to draw oxygen from the placenta.
Fetal hemoglobin gives an essentially normal reading.
Fetal hemoglobin has a greater affinity for oxygen than does adult hemoglobin.
Fetal hemoglobin has a higher affinity for oxygen relative to adult hemoglobin.
Fetal hemoglobin has a higher affinity for oxygen than does adult hemoglobin.
Fetal hemoglobin is in an immature form and is more readily oxidized than adult hemoglobin.
Fetal hemoglobin is replaced by the adult form as genes switch on and off after the baby is born.
Fetal hemoglobin is resistant and stains.
Fetal hemoglobin protects the unborn child and newborns from the effects of sickle cell hemoglobin.
Fetal infection can occur via transplacental transmission.
Fetal infection can result in congenital abnormalities.
Fetal injury is the leading cause of fetal death in cases of maternal death.
Fetal loss appears to be largely a second trimester phenomenon.
Fetal loss is also of vital importance to producers using standard breeding programs.
Fetal loss is the worst risk.
Most fetal losses are unnoticed and undiagnosed.
Fetal malformation can be another result.
Fetal malformations can also occur due to the lack of fluid, which restricts the baby's movements.
Fetal monitors can also cause scrapes and scabs on the scalp.
Fetal monitors increase the chance of detecting infant distress.
Fetal monitoring detects signs of some problems as early as possible in pregnancy.
Fetal monitoring gives the team information about the existence of fetal asphyxia.
Fetal monitoring is a routine task provided by the clinic.
Fetal monitoring is started to allow early recognition of fetal distress.
Fetal mosaicism represents two distinct cytogenetic cell lines in the fetus.
Fetal movement can be quite variable.
Fetal movement can become strong and be disruptive to the woman.
Fetal movement can signal whether a pregnancy is progressing normally.
Fetal movement is motion.
Fetal movement is movement
Fetal movement is reported.
Fetal movements are a good monitoring technique that involves the patient.
Fetal movements become stronger with contractions.
Fetal movements increase and become more complex as the pregnancy progresses.
Any fetal movement counts as one.
Fetal outcome is dependent on the severity of maternal cyanosis.
Fetal phenylalanine has the potential to reach levels that kill cells in tissue culture.
Fetal pigs are relatively inexpensive.
Fetal pigs come from sows who are slaughtered for their meat.
Fetal pigs make a good choice for introductory biology dissection exercises.
Fetal plasma estrogens in normal and complicated pregnancies.
Fetal problems consist of multiple gestations, congenital abnormalities and growth abnormalities.
Fetal prognosis depends on the extent of hypoxia suffered by the fetus during labor and delivery.
Fetal scopes pick up the unborn child's heart beat.
Fetal skin is almost transparent.
Fetal study offers distinct advantages for developmental research.
Fetal surgeons view the fetus as the patient, but does that mean the fetus is a person, asks Casper.
Fetal surgery has strong detractors as well.
Fetal surgery is a social and political practice with significant consequences for women s health.
Fetal tachycardia followed by bradycardia can be an ominous sign.
Fetal tissue containing the suprachiasmatic nucleus restores multiple circadian rhythms in old rats.
Fetal tissue has developmental potential.
Fetal tissue is exceptionally well suited to bolster or replace compromised human tissues.
Fetal tissue is sampled and assayed for intracellular cystine.
Fetal tissue provides the largest number of stem cells with the least risk of rejection.
Fetal tone is evaluated similarly.
Fetal transplants alter the development of function after spinal cord transection in newborn rats.
Fetal traumas are also crucial determinants.
Fetal tumors are sporadic entities and in some cases can be diagnosed prenatally.
Fetal ultrasound is one of the most common screening procedures during pregnancy.
Fetal vessels are generally absent.
Fetal vessels are usually present.
Fetal viability is a crucial factor in many legal cases, especially Roe v. Wade .
Fetal viability is a crucial factor in many legal cases, especially Roe versus Wade .
Fetal viability is a medical determination that the fetus can survive outside the woman's body.
Fetal wounds have a greater number of cells and different types of cells than adult wounds.
A fetch is an action
Fetch also comes with a list of publicly accessible computers.
Fetch also indicates the name of the file and the file transfer mode.
Fetch also is used to describe the act of sailing to a location accurately without having to tack .
Fetch also makes file selection and decompression easier.
Fetch automatically displays the contents of the current directory.
Fetch can also do the same for the popular public domain compression program formats.
Fetch can send large files across the world in seconds.
Fetch can transfer documents, data files, and software files in any medium.
Fetch can usually determine whether a file needs to be transferred in text or binary mode.
Fetch displays a directory dialog box.
Fetch displays directory information.
Fetch displays the name of the current directory above the list on the left side of the window.
Fetch displays the password as a series of dots.
Fetch features an online users manual, with a tutorial and reference topics.
Fetch has a similar feature.
Fetch has an extensive built-in help file and tutorial file.
Fetch has the most advanced tools for extracting data from web sites.
Fetch includes online help.
Fetch is a decent ftp client as well.
Fetch is a handy Internet tool.
Fetch is a keyword search engine.
Fetch is a program for downloading files from the Internet.
Fetch is a program for transferring files.
Fetch is a relatively easy to use package.
Fetch is a shareware program.
Fetch is an ftp client used widely on site.
Fetch is as faithful as faithful can be.
Fetch is available free at any of the apple software sites.
Fetch is available free to users affiliated with an educational institution.
Fetch is avaliable free to people associated with educational or non-profit organizations.
Fetch is configured to send files in text or raw data format.
Fetch is copyrighted, shareware but free for education use.
Fetch is free for certain academic use.
Fetch is free for educational and non-profit organizations.
Fetch is free for educational use.
Fetch is free for educational users.
Fetch is free to users affiliated with an educational institution.
Fetch is freeware to teachers and students.
Fetch is freeware.
Fetch is licensed free of charge for use in educational and non-profit organizations.
Fetch is licensed free of charge to users affiliated with educational or charitable organizations.
Fetch is located on the desktop.
Fetch is no different.
Fetch is one such program.
Fetch is readily available on the web at no cost.
Fetch is shareware and available for download.
Fetch is shareware.
Fetch is the distance the wind travels over the open water surface.
Fetch is the most widely used, is fairly intuitive and reliable.
Fetch is the open, unimpeded distance contributing blowing snow to a downwind location.
Fetch is used to transfer files between workstations and the server.
Fetch is used to transport files to and from the web.
Fetch is very fast, and very convenient.
Fetch is very simple to use.
Fetch makes it really easy to work with files on a remote machine.
Fetch means to take the bumper.
Fetch needs to know where to store files downloaded from the mainframe.
Fetch opens with a connection dialog box with a host name and password already specified.
Fetch provides a graphical interface to make sending and retrieving files easy.
Fetch provides ease of use for the beginner plus a full set of functions for the power user.
Fetch puts the file on the host in the selected directory.
Fetch Retrieves any section of a message, a complete message or several messages.
Fetch returns a count of the number of matches it found.
Fetch searches the database for the specified key , returning the corresponding value if any.
Fetch supports filtering incoming articles for regular expressions.
Fetch uses a single window, which displays the names of the files located on the remote server.
Fetch uses a slightly different approach.
Fetch works on the memory, which has been stuffed with programs and data.
Fetches are in progress.
Fetches read instructions - always from memory.
Fetchs are actions.
Fetch sometimes guesses what kind of computer it is talking to, and it can guess incorrectly.
More fetch equals more wave energy transmitted to the water in the form of waves.
Every fetched document is cached locally.
Fetched record is placed to the instance of the object located in cursor itself.
A fetichism is paraphilia
Fetichism is one among the expressions of animism.
Most fetish clothing is made to be body hugging.
Fetish dolls fall into the magic category and can be associated with white or black magic.
Fetish dress is encouraged.
All fetish enthusiasts welcome.
Fetish necklaces are unique to the Zuni Tribe in New Mexico.
Fetish objects are simply local residences.
Fetish wear is a specific genre of clothing and as recognizable as such as swimwear or lingere.
A fetish is devotion
Fetishes are a fairly common sort of paraphilia.
Fetishes are dolls, carved images, stones, or animal teeth, claws, or bones.
Fetishes are rare and almost always held by men.
Fetishes are strange.
Fetishes are three fourths of an inch to one and one quarter inches long.
Fetishes can be a very powerful sexual turn-on.
Fetishes can belong to an individual or a clan and can be made from any material.
Fetishes come with certificate of authenticity listing carver, stone and animal.
Fetishes is a macabre mix of pathos and humor.
Fetishes simply peddles an unobservant voyeurism.
Fetishs are almost exclusively the domain of males.
Fetishs are devotion.
Fetishs are sexual desire.
Any fetishes welcome.
Many fetishes have a bundle of coral and turquoise tied to the back of the carving.
Most fetishes relate to animals.
Most fetishes start in childhood and develop in adulthood.
A fetishism is paraphilia
Fetishism confronts the collector with a number of possibilities .
Fetishism does appear in many different shades.
Fetishism is actually a good example of something inherently good that turns bad.
Fetishism is an obsession with something - it's very complex.
Fetishism is easier to sell.
Fetishism is rare, and thought to occur almost exclusively in men.
Fetishism is sex positionss hardcore xxx pics.
Fetishism is so grassroots.
Fetishism seems to be a very ambiguous term.
Fetishism substitutes an object for relationship.
Fetishisms are beliefs.
Fetishisms are paraphilia.
A fetishist is an offender
Fetishists collect dead things, fingernails and hair.
A fetlock is a joint
Fetlocks are large and wide, free from swelling or windpuffs.
Fetoscopic procedures allow to operate on the fetus through minimally invasive access.
A fetter is a hamper
Fetter brings a depth of telecommunications and technology experience to the advisory board.
Fetter is a native of Defiance, Ohio.
Fetter speaks with bitterness about the withdrawal.
Fetter writes about technical aspects of security and environmental policy.
Fetters are restraint.
Fetters are shackles.
Fetters has a point.
Fetters is a free agent after the season.
Fetters is the man to get.
Fettered words are terrible words.
Fettle dogs fete.
Fettuccini are long, thin, and flat noodles.
Fettuccini is solid food
A fetus is a vertebrate
Fetus becomes more active, turning from side to side and sometimes head over heels.
Fetus can be a human being when it has the fully formed of human.
Fetus can hear mothers talking or sining.
Fetus enters birth canal.
Fetus has a fully - formed of human when it about sixteen weeks.
Fetus has a month of rapid growth.
Fetus is a perfectly good Latin word for fruitful or bringing forth.
Fetus is at some risk if mare is receiving phenylbutazone as it does cross the placenta.
Fetus is cushioned against shock by amniotic fluid.
Fetus is good.
Fetus is infected by transplacental passage during maternal parasitemia.
Fetus is Latin for offspring or young one.
Fetus is longer in the womb, and there is an extended period of parental care.
Fetus is more sensitive to toxins than mother.
Fetus is the Latin word for infant.
Fetus is thin and without much fat .
Fetus is too big to more around much but can kick strongly and roll around.
Fetus is too big to move around much but can kick strongly and roll around.
Fetus isa vertebrate.
Fetus receives and eliminates nutrition through umbilical cord.
Fetus recognizes maternal sounds such as breathing, heartbeat, voice, and digestion.
Fetus responds to light and sound.
Fetus rests on uterus - no longer floating.
Fetus Soon Dies .
Fetus Soon Dies.
Fetus sounds less than human and therefore can be justified.
Fetus turns toward light sources in what is known as the orienting response.
Fetuses absorb nicotine when their mothers smoke during pregnancy.
Fetuses also begin to resemble humans.
Fetuses also learn the beginnings of languages from their mothers while in the womb.
Fetuses are also capable of tasting in the womb.
Fetuses are also eviscerated.
Fetuses are body parts.
Fetuses are especially sensitive to radiation exposure.
Fetuses are especially susceptible to methylmercury.
Fetuses are human.
Fetuses are humans, too.
Fetuses are innocent full-fledged members of the moral community.
Fetuses are innocent human beings in the moral sense.
Fetuses are innocent human beings.
Fetuses are inside wombs.
Fetuses are located in jars.
Fetuses are located in wombs.
Fetuses are solid objects.
Fetuses are vertebrates.
Fetuses are very susceptible to infection while still in the womb.
Fetuses become babies.
Fetuses can have strokes during a pregnancy, cutting the blood supply from reaching the brain.
Fetuses can smell in the womb during the last trimester.
Fetuses complete development.
Fetuses continue development.
Fetuses contract the parasite through the mother.
Fetuses develop functions.
Fetuses develop hind limbs.
Fetuses develop hollow muscular organs.
Fetuses develop hollow organs.
Fetuses develop in uteruses.
Fetuses develop in wombs.
Fetuses develop into healthy infants.
Fetuses develop into infants.
Fetuses develop layers.
Fetuses develop limbs.
Fetuses develop muscular organs.
Fetuses develop organ functions.
Fetuses develop organs.
Fetuses display individual personality.
Fetuses even have large black eyes.
Fetuses excrete waste.
Fetuses experience effects.
Fetuses experience severe effects.
Fetuses experience severe side effects.
Fetuses experience side effects.
Fetuses exposed to methyl mercury in the womb are highly susceptible to health problems.
Fetuses feel pain.
Fetuses fill entire uteruses.
Fetuses fill uteruses.
Fetuses get nutrients.
Fetuses grow in uteruses.
Fetuses has-part eyes.
Fetuses have (part) brains.
Fetuses have (part) breasts.
Fetuses have (part) cell membranes.
Fetuses have (part) cells.
Fetuses have (part) chest cavities.
Fetuses have (part) chests.
Fetuses have (part) corpi.
Fetuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Fetuses have (part) ears.
Fetuses have (part) faces.
Fetuses have (part) heads.
Fetuses have (part) nuclei.
Fetuses have (part) pedal extremities.
Fetuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Fetuses have (part) rib cages.
Fetuses have (part) sections.
Fetuses have (part) skulls.
Fetuses have (part) sterna.
Fetuses have (part) vacuoles.
Fetuses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Fetuses have chances.
Fetuses have heartbeats.
Fetuses have toenails.
Fetuses have touch.
Fetuses move arms.
Fetuses need care.
Fetuses need special care.
Fetuses possess several characteristics of a person.
Fetuses react differently to sub-optimal conditions than do newborn babies or adults.
Fetuses react sharply to their mother's actions.
Fetuses receive nutrition.
Fetuses remain in states.
Fetuses retain more mercury than adults.
Fetuses undergo transformation.
All fetuses do in the uterus is continue to grow and develop features such as hair and nails.
All fetuses start out with precursors of female and male sex organs.
Many fetuses never survive until term and are stillborn or spontaneously abort.
Many fetuses spontaneously abort because of some genetic defect.
Most fetuses are inside wombs.
Most fetuses become babies.
Most fetuses continue development.
Most fetuses develop functions.
Most fetuses develop hind limbs.
Most fetuses develop hollow muscular organs.
Most fetuses develop hollow organs.
Most fetuses develop in uteruses.
Most fetuses develop in wombs.
Most fetuses develop into healthy infants.
Most fetuses develop into infants.
Most fetuses develop layers.
Most fetuses develop limbs.
Most fetuses develop muscular organs.
Most fetuses develop organ functions.
Most fetuses develop organs.
Most fetuses excrete waste.
Most fetuses experience severe effects.
Most fetuses experience severe side effects.
Most fetuses feel pain.
Most fetuses fill entire uteruses.
Most fetuses fill uteruses.
Most fetuses get nutrients.
Most fetuses grow in uteruses.
Most fetuses has-part eyes.
Most fetuses have chances.
Most fetuses have toenails.
Most fetuses move arms.
Most fetuses receive nutrition.
Most fetuses remain in states.
Most fetuses undergo transformation.
Some fetuses are at risk for growth abnormalities later in pregnancy.
Some fetuses carry mutation.
Some fetuses drink amniotic fluid.
Some fetuses drink fluid.
Some fetuses excrete urine.
Some fetuses have abnormalities.
Some fetuses have chests.
Some fetuses have follicles.
Some fetuses have genetic abnormalities.
Some fetuses have hair follicles.
Some fetuses have uteruses.
Some fetuses produce urine.
Some fetuses respond to familiar sound.
Some fetuses respond to frequency sound.
Some fetuses respond to low frequency sound.
Some fetuses respond to sound.
Some fetuses suffer degeneration.
Feud is a different story.
Feud is a struggle
Feud is conflict.
Feuds abound between playwrights and theaters.
Feuds are there, and love is also there.
Feuds start, players press too hard, and chaos erupts.
Feuds sometimes arise, but currently they have all been settled.
Feuds sometimes go on forever.
All feuds answer the simple questions showed above.
Some feuds seem to last forever.
Feudal Institutions Find information on the feudal system.
Feudal lands are back in vogue and humans, gods and demons wander the earth.
Feudal society is based on two principles , that of feudalism and manorialism .
Feudal society is based on two principles, that of feudalism and manorialism.
A feudalism is a social system
Feudalism picks up the pieces.
A fever blister is an infectious disease
Fever blisters cover their open arms.
Fever blisters tend to merge and then collapse.
Fever patients have symptoms.
Fever viruses cause illnesses.
Fever viruses cause severe illnesses.
A fever is a symptom
Fever accompanies the infections.
Fever activates cellular enzymes.
Fever also is an occasional side effect, and is usually treated with acetaminophen.
Fever also makes an impact with recruiting.
Fever bake thru many canadian fishing.
Fever can also cause mental status changes in patients with dementia.
Fever can also cause temporarily lowered sperm production.
Fever can also result from an infection with bacteria.
Fever can be a sign of infection.
Fever can be a symptom of infection or even kidney rejection.
Fever can be continuous, intermittent, or remittent and it can recur at irregular intervals.
Fever can be either continuous or it can come and go.
Fever can be either intermittent or constant.
Fever can be frightening in a child.
Fever can be intermittent.
Fever can be present along with diarrhea.
Fever can be the first the first symptom of a very serious infection.
Fever can cause insensible fluid loss.
Fever can cause loss of fluids, so drink plenty of water and fresh fruit and vegetable juices.
Fever can come and go in periods of several days or weeks.
Fever can increase fluid requirements, and painful swallowing can decrease fluid intake.
Fever can lead to bad dreams.
Fever can occur in both early and late stages.
Fever can occur in both in the early and late stages.
Fever can occur on and off in some dogs.
Fever can quickly make a child uncomfortable and sometimes dehydrated.
Fever can remit but recur the following day.
Fever can signal inflammation or infection.
Fever can trigger or worsen attacks, as can hot baths, sun exposure, and stress .
Fever causes a febrile seizure.
Fever causes an increase in the heart rate, breathing rate and blood circulation to the skin.
Fever comes on abruptly, along with chills, headaches and muscle aches.
Fever continues past the fourth day of rash, or the fever returns after it was gone.
Fever continues to rise and fall, possibly for up to three weeks.
Fever continues to rise and fall, sometimes for as long as three weeks.
Fever creates an inhospitable environment for bacteria and viruses.
Fever decreases dosage requirements.
Fever degenerates into a bump and grind version with plenty of screams and drum beats.
Fever develops during convalescence.
Fever develops in most, and about one third have a positive blood culture.
Fever develops within the first few days of onset of the disease.
Fever directs admission.
Fever does play a role in the body's fight against an infection.
Fever enter Recommendations at decision to the atlanta hawks apparels next bought between any bush.
Fever follow beneath a bar or ruin men sweater vests.
Fever following varicella vaccine is uncommon.
Fever get in that kitchen nor joined billiards supplies.
Fever goes away after a few days.
Fever goes away after most of the sores have formed crusts.
Fever has a direct effect on the immune system.
Fever has other causes besides infection.
Fever has unfavourable influence on the function of the digestive tract.
Fever helps fight infections by turning on the body s immune system.
Fever helps fight infections by turning on the body's immune system.
Fever helps fight infections.
Fever helps fight off infection.
Fever helps the body fight infection by revving up the immune system.
Fever helps the body fight infections by making the body's defense systems work more efficiently.
Fever increases caloric requirements.
Fever increases dose absorption rate.
Fever increases loss of body fluids.
Fever increases the rate of alpha activity in the brain and our sense of passing time.
Fever increases the speed at which the body works.
Fever indicates an infection in the body.
Fever indicates infection or inflammation.
Fever inhibits the growth of some microorganisms iii.
Fever is a body temperature that is higher than normal.
Fever is a classical sign.
Fever is a common concomitant of severe sepsis and appears to be an advantageous response.
Fever is a common occurrence in children and is mostly associated with viral infections.
Fever is a common problem in patients returning from travel abroad.
Fever is a common response to disease.
Fever is a common response to infection and inflammation.
Fever is a common symptom of upper respiratory tract infection.
Fever is a condition in which the bodily temperature is elevated above the normal.
Fever is a danger signal too.
Fever is a defense mechanism designed to help the immune system by raising body temperature.
Fever is a defense that protects against infection.
Fever is a frequent accompaniment of inflammation of any type and is common in Crohn's.
Fever is a frequent sign of infection.
Fever is a good indication of infection.
Fever is a good reaction too.
Fever is a good thing.
Fever is a hallmark of both.
Fever is a healthy way in which the body fights infection.
Fever is a helpful response to infection.
Fever is a higher than normal body temperature.
Fever is a late finding and is suggestive of enteric sepsis.
Fever is a natural response to infection.
Fever is a normal response of the body to infection.
Fever is a normal response to infection and helps to fight infection.
Fever is a rise in body temperature above the normal temperature, usually caused by infection.
Fever is a rise in body temperature, usually caused by infection.
Fever is a sign of infection, a leading cause of death in sickle cell children.
Fever is a state in which the whole body is above normal in temperature.
Fever is a sure sign of a flu virus.
Fever is a symptom of a number of diseases.
Fever is a symptom of an infection.
Fever is a symptom, it is associated with pathological conditions.
Fever is a symptom.
Fever is a syptom of almost every disease known to man.
Fever is a variable sign and when present is usually low grade.
Fever is a way in which the body fights infection.
Fever is absent but fatigue is common.
Fever is absent in up to a third of cases.
Fever is absent or minimal.
Fever is absent, and the pulse remains normal or slow unless intercurrent infection develops.
Fever is accompanied by bone and muscle aches.
Fever is almost always present.
Fever is also a symptom of ear infection.
Fever is also a temporary effect of exercise, hot weather or immunizations.
Fever is also common.
Fever is also often present.
Fever is also present.
Fever is also usually present.
Fever is among the most frequent causes of dehydration.
Fever is an absolutely crucial album.
Fever is an early sign of illness and rapid detection leads to speedy recovery.
Fever is an elevated body temperature.
Fever is an elevation in set point such that the body temperature is regulated at a higher level.
Fever is an example of hot, overactive energy.
Fever is an important feature for the diagnosis of disease in domestic animals .
Fever is an important sign of illness in the elderly.
Fever is an important sign of infection in dental disease.
Fever is an important sign of infection.
Fever is an important symptom of heat-syndrome in traditional Chinese medicine .
Fever is an inconsistent finding.
Fever is an old English term that means illness.
Fever is an old English term which means illness.
Fever is another common symptom.
Fever is as much a part of babyhood as first smiles and teething.
Fever is associated primarily with some type of infection.
Fever is beneficial the vast majority of the time.
Fever is caused by disease, almost always infection.
Fever is classically a hot and dry condition.
Fever is common and is a side effect of the death of the fibroid tissue.
Fever is common as is autonomic system dysfunction.
Fever is common during the first two to three days.
Fever is common in ferrets with distemper.
Fever is common.
Fever is commonly absent.
Fever is controlled by paracetamol and hydrotherapy.
Fever is defined as an elevation of body temperature above normal.
Fever is definitely a sign the child is ill.
Fever is described as an alteration in the thermal balance of the body.
Fever is desirable.
Fever is diffused inflammation.
Fever is either low-grade or absent.
Fever is electric heat only.
Fever is followed by loss of appetite and listlessness.
Fever is followed by respiratory distress and multiorgan system disease.
Fever is followed by the development of blisters, chiefly in the mouth or on the feet.
Fever is generally absent or low-grade.
Fever is infrequent.
Fever is low grade and a rapid heart rate is present.
Fever is low grade at first, and neutrophilia is modest.
Fever is low-grade or absent.
Fever is measured using a thermometer.
Fever is mediated by a polypeptide of phagocytic cell origin called leukocytic pyrogen.
Fever is merely a symptom of illness.
Fever is most likely to harm the elderly or the very young.
Fever is much easier to bring down than sub-normal body temperature is to bring up.
Fever is nearly always present.
Fever is often a part of lupus.
Fever is often a sign of infection or illness.
Fever is often less severe than in bacterial meningitis.
Fever is often one of the first symptoms of infection.
Fever is often present, sometimes resulting from bacterial infection in the sinuses.
Fever is often present.
Fever is one of the body's most powerful defenses against disease.
Fever is one of the body's responses to infection.
Fever is one of the most common medical signs .
Fever is one of the most common reasons for parents to visit a pediatrician with their child.
Fever is one of the most common symptoms reported to pediatricians.
Fever is only a symptom of an illness rather than an illness itself.
Fever is only present in half of patients with acute infection and is usually low grade.
Fever is our body's natural response to fighting germs.
Fever is part of growing up and is only a sign of a health problem.
Fever is part of our body's defense mechanism.
Fever is part of the body s way of fighting infection.
Fever is part of the body's defense mechanism.
Fever is part of the body's way of fighting infection.
Fever is possible.
Fever is present about half the time.
Fever is present as a rule, only during the first few days, unless there is bronchitis.
Fever is present in some patients.
Fever is present in the early stage.
Fever is present.
Fever is probably the most common clinical sign along with chills, nausea and vomiting.
Fever is rare and no treatment is necessary.
Fever is rare with amebic dysentery or it s usually low grade.
Fever is rare.
Fever is significant elevation of core body temperature above normal.
Fever is sometimes present along with the other symptoms.
Fever is the body s natural reaction to fighting infection.
Fever is the body s response to an infection and probably helps the body defend itself.
Fever is the body s response to infection, either viral or bacterial.
Fever is the body's defense against bacteria, microbes and consequent infection.
Fever is the body's natural response to a variety of conditions, such as infection.
Fever is the body's reaction to infection or inflammation.
Fever is the body's reaction to infection.
Fever is the key clinical finding.
Fever is the main symptom, so see a doctor if have an elevated temperature.
Fever is the most common sign.
Fever is the most common symptom.
Fever is the most frequent symptom of an acute hemolytic transfusion reaction.
Fever is the most sensitive finding followed by a stiff neck.
Fever is the most sensitive of the three signs, and neck stiffness is the next most sensitive.
Fever is the normal and healthy response of the body to an infection.
Fever is the one of the body s ways of fighting infection.
Fever is the prominent symptom, and a simple blood test determines the diagnosis.
Fever is the the result of substances released by the immune system to increase body temperature.
Fever is transit and responds to antipyretics.
Fever is treated with cooling herbs.
Fever is triggered when the hypothalamus's set point is changed by the action of cytokines.
Fever is uncommon with either syndrome.
Fever is uncommon, unless a nes infectious process develops.
Fever is uncommon.
Fever is unusual.
Fever is used by the body to control the spread of viruses.
Fever is used to help diagnose illness.
Fever is usual.
Fever is usually a sign of an infection.
Fever is usually a sign of illness, infection, or other conditions.
Fever is usually absent.
Fever is usually higher in children than in adults.
Fever is usually low grade.
Fever is usually low-grade and frequently absent.
Fever is usually mild or absent.
Fever is usually mild.
Fever is usually minimal or absent.
Fever is usually minimal.
Fever is usually of a low grade, but sometimes becomes high, especially in children.
Fever is usually present and lab tests suggest infection.
Fever is usually present.
Fever is variable with sudden falls.
Fever isa symptom.
Fever leaves one weak even after it has subsided.
Fever lowers the seizure threshold in the brain.
Fever makes children uncomfortable, even in a mild illness.
Fever makes it difficult for the virus to reproduce.
Fever occurs before rash and white spots appear inside the mouth.
Fever occurs due to a failure in the body's heat regulating system.
Fever occurs in approximately half of all patients.
Fever occurs in approximately one third of patients.
Fever occurs in children but is rare in adults.
Fever occurs in inflammatory conditions.
Fever occurs in most young children during the initial two to four days of illness.
Fever occurs in response to infections caused by viruses, bacteria, fungi, and parasites.
Fever occurs in some cases.
Fever occurs often in children, in response to many conditions - the most common being infections.
Fever occurs when the body's thermostat is reset to a higher degree.
Fever occurs when the temperature set-point changes.
Fever occurs when there is a rise in the hypothalamic set point.
Fever produces a similar result.
Fever promises to deliver a hard-hitting, emotional experience.
Fever promotes the action of white blood cells.
Fever raises the body temperature, which can strike sperm quality.
Fever raises the body's temperature to destroy harmful substances.
Fever raises the hypothalamic set point, triggering the vasomotor center to begin vasoconstriction.
Fever represents the opposite type of energy.
Fever resolves with antibiotics when the infection being treated can be cured by the antibiotic.
Fever results from the increased muscle activity.
Fever results when the body's thermostat is reset higher.
Fever roll up to a hundred and five.
Fever runs high.
Fever says there's plans to make it to Ontario, and even south of border in the very near future.
Fever sets in and death hovers.
Fever still persist.
Fever stir beside a pride since belong poem by teenager.
Fever suggests infection.
Fever suppresses the growth of certain bacteria.
Fever turns on the body's immune system.
Fever turns on the body's normal immune system so that it can fight disease.
Fever uses up calories that are needed for energy.
Fevers actually fight bacteria and viruses.
Fevers are a sign that the body is fighting an infection.
Fevers are a valuable part of a child's healing mechanism.
Fevers are also common symptoms.
Fevers are anger expressing itself.
Fevers are anticipation.
Fevers are effects only.
Fevers are for quitters.
Fevers are from the fire of hell and can be cooled by water.
Fevers are icky.
Fevers are illnesses.
Fevers are more common in infants and toddlers than in older children.
Fevers are no exception.
Fevers are one of the body's protective mechanisms.
Fevers are only a symptom of something else happening in the body.
Fevers are prevalent, and most of the hot lands are unsuitable for settlement by the white races.
Fevers are symptoms.
Fevers are the bodies ultimate way of defense.
Fevers are usually low grade and irregular.
Fevers are very rare.
Fevers can be dangerous if they get high enough.
Fevers can be high and persist up to two weeks.
Fevers can be scary for kids and their parents.
Fevers can trigger seizures.
Fevers cause congestion.
Fevers cause devastate outbreaks.
Fevers cause drowsiness.
Fevers cause headaches.
Fevers cause irritation.
Fevers cause nasal congestion.
Fevers cause outbreaks.
Fevers cause skin irritation.
Fevers create health problems.
Fevers create problems.
Fevers create serious health problems.
Fevers create serious problems.
Fevers fly out, furies fly out from the place of gestation, of origin.
Fevers help burn up whatever is wrong.
Fevers help to fight infection.
Fevers indicate conditions.
Fevers indicate infection.
Fevers indicate threaten conditions.
Fevers indicate underlie infection.
Fevers mainly occur in young children.
Fevers make parents crazy.
Fevers make their appearances in the morning and become more severe in the evening.
Fevers present similar symptoms.
Fevers present symptoms.
Fevers spike every afternoon and often in the evenings.
Fevers take energy to fight.
Fevers tend to be higher in children than in adults.
Fevers then trigger phagocytosis and speed tissue repair.
Fevers turn on the body's immune system.
Fevers work in several ways.
Fever often accompanies the earache, especially in children.
Fever often bounces up and down for the first two or three days of an illness.
Fever often develops during an infection.
Fevers often increase the requirement for vitamins, including vitamin C and some of the B vitamins.
Fever usually accompanies the eruption.
Fever usually appears suddenly, and can alternate with chills.
Fever usually indicates an infectious process going on in the body.
Fever usually lasts for an average of three days in adults.
Fevers usually get higher at night and come down in the early morning.
All fevers are bad for children.
All fevers eventually fall to room temperature.
All fevers indicate iron phosphate.
Any fever lasts more than three days.
Most fevers are a sign of infection and occur with other symptoms.
Most fevers are good for children and help the body fight infection.
Most fevers are the body's response to infection.
Most fevers cause congestion.
Most fevers cause devastate outbreaks.
Most fevers cause irritation.
Most fevers cause nasal congestion.
Most fevers cause outbreaks.
Most fevers cause skin irritation.
Most fevers create health problems.
Most fevers create problems.
Most fevers create serious health problems.
Most fevers create serious problems.
Most fevers indicate conditions.
Most fevers indicate infection.
Most fevers indicate threaten conditions.
Most fevers indicate underlie infection.
Most fevers last two to three days.
Most fevers present similar symptoms.
Most fevers subside in the morning, but go up again during the day.
Some fevers affect children.
Some fevers are caused by adenoviruses.
Some fevers are caused by dehydration.
Some fevers cause black death.
Some fevers cause death.
Some fevers cause fevers.
Some fevers cause seizures.
Some fevers persist for several weeks.
Some fevers persist for weeks.
All fevered conditions are because of diffused inflammation.
Feverish efforts are underway to build camps and provide services.
Few abilities require multiple button presses or a directional move before pressing a button.
Few abstracts are available.
Few abusers are mentally ill and only a few mentally ill abusers are homicidal.
Few academics are able to distill so much erudition into such a readable form.
Few academics expect mechatronics to attain the level of a formally accepted engineering discipline.
Few academicians conduct research with the goal of identifying replacements for animal use.
Few achievements occur without multiple contributors.
Few actions lack consequences.
Few activists push for anything new.
Few activities appear to be so thoroughly planned from start to finish.
Few activities are a misunderstood by the general public as inventing and creativity.
Few activities are as central to our lives as working.
Few activities are as powerful as student and faculty collaborative inquiry efforts.
Few activities are more exhilarating than driving a team of huskies along a snowy woodland trail.
Few activities are more satisfying.
Few activities are more strenuous on the knee than basketball.
Few activities are so deeply rooted in our society as going to the movies.
Few activities burn calories more quickly.
Few activities burn calories so quickly.
Few activities can match the color, romance, and excitement of the Medieval tournament of chivalry.
Few activities conflict with the dinner hour in Italy.
Few activities contribute as much to our quality of life and to the health of our communities.
Few activities heal the soul like some hedonistic time on a cruise ship.
Few activities help build courage the way sports do.
Few activities help build the proper control of our passions the way sports do.
Few activities indicate that summer is here more than a picnic with friends and family.
Few activities offer a complete-body workout.
Few activities provide such visible positive reinforcement as strength training.
Few actors handle biting dialogue so skillfully.
Few actors have the time to actually learn the martial arts.
Few actors work from the inside out with such delicacy and focus.
Few actors work without directors honing their skills on stage.
Few ads can actually reach people on an emotional level.
Few administrators attribute any placement difficulties to the prospective payment system.
Few admissions are more Foolish.
Few adult does require assistance at the time of kidding though problems are always a possibility.
Few adults achieve the postconventional level.
Few adults can afford to take time off work to continue their education.
Few adults eat five fruits and vegetables a day.
Few adults face such diverse expectations.
Few adults get enough calcium in their diets.
Few adults have a healthy ego .
Few adults have a septum that is completely straight.
Few adults have fond memories of their own homework.
Few adults learn the art.
Few adults spawn in the mainstem, and redd success here is naturally very low.
Few adults survive from one summer to the next.
Few advisors spend as much time with their students.
Few afflictions are so capable of causing suffering.
Few agencies are even aware that there is such a problem.
Few agencies are.
Few agencies can boast such a record.
Few agencies charge fees when families adopt children with special needs.
Few agencies cooperate to improve land management across ownership boundaries.
Few agencies have procedures for ensuring senior management participation.
Few agencies have the power to back it up.
Few agencies have the reserves or funds necessary for complete self insurance of their exposures.
Few agencies perform systematic monitoring and follow up during the three-month compliance period.
Few agencies provide services to change visitation, custody, or child support after a divorce.
Few agencies require job applicants to pay any fees.
Few agents provide feedback anymore, and the justifications are many.
Few airlines offer better rates for servicemen.
Few airlines offer sponsored training.
Few albums can claim to have so many emotional peaks coupled with constant noisy bliss.
Few alliances are as transparent in terms of obligations and responsibilities.
Few allies are capable of repairing technology-intensive weapons of the U.S. armed forces.
Few alternatives are better.
Few alternatives arise and the focal point is now identity.
Few alumni are dependent upon the chapter for their social life.
Few amateurs can withstand even one heroic Chaucerian couplet, let alone two.
Few amateurs have suitable equipment like logic analysers available.
Few analysts are so sanguine.
Few analysts are willing to bet that the drops in industrial production have run their course.
Few analysts are willing to risk the consequences of candor .
Few analysts are willing to venture nearly that far, however.
Few analysts believe the expansion can go on forever.
Few analysts discount the possibility of blood feuds erupting after Israel departs.
Few analysts expect another rate move until then.
Few analysts expect property prices to rise soon.
Few analysts expect the unemployment rate to fall soon.
Few analysts note the sharp increase in debt.
Few analysts seem concerned that using satellites to spy violates international law.
Few anglers know about it, but many anglers fish it incorrectly.
Few anglers realize the value of an emerger pattern just before and during the hatch.
Few animals achieve full adulthood.
Few animals appear to consume live emergent macrophytes directly.
Few animals are as feared by humans as wolves.
Few animals are as hungry as a shrew.
Few animals are capable of altering a landscape as much as the beaver.
Few animals are free from some kind of parasite.
Few animals are more disliked or misunderstood than snakes.
Few animals are more feared, and misunderstood, then the gray wolf.
Few animals are secure from their attacks.
Few animals are visible.
Few animals can inspire such tranquility.
Few animals can match the grace and power of a speeding dolphin.
Few animals can match the grace, power and beauty of the horse.
Few animals can open their mouths as wide as hippos can.
Few animals can survive the attack of an angry gorilla .
Few animals can survive the attack of an angry gorilla.
Few animals capture the interest of wildlife photographers as birds do.
Few animals display their moods via facial expressions as distinctively as cats.
Few animals display their moods via facial expressions as distinctly as cats.
Few animals eat adult starfish, which are apparently neither palatable nor nutritious.
Few animals eat high fat diets.
Few animals eat spotted skunks except great horned owls and a host of tiny parasites.
Few animals eat the healthy, adult rockweed plants.
Few animals elicit such strong and contradictory reactions as rats.
Few animals elicit the awe and reverence of heavily antlered white-tailed bucks.
Few animals escape invasion by some type of ameba.
Few animals evoke such strong emotions in humans as snakes.
Few animals evoke such strong feelings of fear and awe as the tiger.
Few animals go to college, except dogs that can kick field goals.
Few animals graze directly on mangroves.
Few animals have a better sense of smell than the whitetail.
Few animals have a specific predator.
Few animals have eyesight as well developed as humans, although some do even surpass our abilities.
Few animals have molars strong enough to withstand all the grinding.
Few animals have so many applicable terms, and none so beautiful.
Few animals live here anymore.
Few animals live here, and only a few plant species can survive in the acidic soil.
Few animals live in the bog, although many pass through it in search of food or shelter.
Few animals manage to outrun it in a straight sprint.
Few animals match the quiet beauty and mystery of the snow leopard.
Few animals match the rare beauty and quiet mystery of the snow leopard.
Few animals mate for life.
Few animals prey on fishers other than humans.
Few animals seem to be truly nomadic.
Few animals spark more emotional response from people than do dolphins.
Few animals speaks to our imagination as wolves and they are surrounded by myths and misconceptions.
Few animals survive eating yew.
Few animals survive if they depend on others for food and basic maintenance.
Few animals use mangroves as their only habitat.
Few answers are correct.
Few answers are easy when it comes to education reform.
Few answers are one-dimensional.
Few antibiotics can stop it.
Few antibiotics have intracellular activity.
Few antiques possess the technical artistry seen in upright bouquets.
Few aphids measure more than a couple of millimeters.
Few appliances rely on dates.
Few applicants are fortunate enough to receive grants from a competitive program on their first try.
Few applicants get into any college on their own.
Few applicants have the knowledge and skill to properly prepare and present their cases.
Few applicants receive support for more than one year.
Few applications are available for testing embedded systems.
Few applications are too big or too small.
Few applications attempt to restart system calls that have been interrupted by a signal.
Few applications become more vital to business than order processing.
Few applications push a truck as mercilessly.
Few archaeologists say that they specialize in studying houses of ill repute.
Few archeologists are even willing to discuss the issue.
Few archery bow past bargain, impossible pump belong an Italian worth like a heaven.
Few architects are better prepared to tackle the problem.
Few architects have the opportunity to learn the operational lessons of their designs.
Few architects have what it takes to cope with current events.
Few archives have adequate resources to fight their battle.
Few areas are as complicated as directory services.
Few areas are as fertile for teachers as brain research-based writings.
Few areas are as international as space operations.
Few areas are more important than English language skills and math skills.
Few areas are off-limits.
Few areas can go forward without some financial support.
Few areas can grow more than a small number of species.
Few areas cause so much confusion or frustration in the community.
Few areas escape the impact of color.
Few areas generate complaints faster than a washroom that is poorly maintained or out of supplies.
Few areas have lighting after dark.
Few areas have more than two or three threat angles.
Few areas have so much to lose.
Few areas help more to bolster our faith.
Few areas match the potential to build broad bipartisan agreement of medical research.
Few areas offer bicycle rentals.
Few areas offer the potential high levels of compensation that the investments industry offers.
Few areas present such a grand selection and intensive concentration of interesting species.
Few areas provide better opportunities for viewing mule deer.
Few areas receive as much rain.
Few areas require more sensitive and creative leadership than worship.
Few areas rival the variety of recreational experiences available to local residents.
Some few areas have some green vegetation all year.
Few aromas can match the appeal of baking bread.
Few artefacts are left, however considerable hull structure is still there, though under the mud.
Few articles have abstracts.
Few artifacts remain to tell the story of the most basic aspects of everyday life.
Few artists are as lucky as to have head or hands knocked off their works in just the right way.
Few artists are more boring when treated thematically.
Few artists can cover such a spectrum of music on one instrument.
Few artists can pop out a masterpiece without devoting some time and effort to the project.
Few artists can resist starting a new piece when they view their latest references.
Few artists concern themselves with grown-up issues.
Few artists fit into more than one category.
Few artists fit into one category, mostly by choice.
Few artists fit into one musical genre, and even fewer still create their own.
Few artists have such a gift - to be able to capture in paint, events which have touched a soul.
Few artists have such a gift.
Few artists have the ability to excel in painting and sculpting.
Few artists have the opportunity, as they do, to physically manipulate the digital printing process.
Few artists make any money at all from their practice, much less earn a decent living from it.
Few artists merit the title of legend.
Few artists object so strenuously to anything anyone else is doing.
Few artists prefer to labor in obscurity.
Few assassins express hatred for their victims, easily shifting from one target to another.
Few assays are able to meet all desired criteria.
Few assertions can be more outlandish.
Few associates leave the firm voluntarily.
Few associations have an operating manual.
Few assumptions are to be made about it's format.
Few atheists bother to trumpet their beliefs.
Few athletes benefit from increased muscle size alone.
Few athletes can claim quite so many firsts, let alone over such a short perod.
Few athletes do.
Few athletes wear mouth guards while participating in contact sports.
Few athletes win as much as they lose, and very few dancers succeed in going pro.
Few attackers are willing to release source code to public scrutiny.
Few attorneys are experts in all aspects of medical care law.
Few attorneys are familiar with the relevant laws.
Few attorneys are so unethical or incompetent.
Few attorneys can really manage a busy practice and still write excellent briefs.
Few attorneys do.
Few attorneys engage exclusively in matters involving only Colorado parties and property.
Few authors are able to market an unsolicited manuscript through a book packager.
Few authors are able to use tradition originally as has been done here.
Few authors are fortunate enough to have their works served so well.
Few authors believe in the miraculous conception of ideas.
Few authors can claim to be the best sellers in the three different languages in which they write.
Few authors can create such a vivid and moving story in a series format.
Few authors have an opportunity to break new ground.
Few authors justify their advice.
Few authors provide a map of how others have viewed matters.
Few authors recognize subspecies or races.
Few authors report climate data for sites with pale-yellow iris in North America.
Few authors tend to suggest an exact aetiology, instead suggesting associated conditions.
Few authors writing today can command that depth of emotional commitment from the reader.
Few authorities are like West Lancashire in openly opposing surgery.
Few authorities make clear precisely what they mean by the term 'knowledge'.
Few autotrophs exist as parasites.
Few bands are as publicly interested in synthesizing themes of clowndom and evil.
Few bands can duplicate such zero-sum production costs, but many have the same free spirit.
Few bands make t-shirts.
Few banks are even close to solvency.
Few banks are worried about losing customers over surcharges now.
Few banks can muster the level of investment and managerial commitment required to catch up.
Few banks have that.
Few banks have the time or staff to process and supervise very small loans for individual farmers.
Few barriers can prevent the progress of such a committed group of people.
Few bass can resist that kind of temptation.
Few bassists have the ability to create a staple sound of a band with only a couple of chords.
Few battles are worth going to the wall for.
Few battles regarding interstate exits bring such clear victories, of course.
Few battlefields remain that so closely resemble conditions as they existed during the war.
Few beads are truly suitable for cording.
Few bears die during hibernation.
Few bears die of disease.
Few bears lose a fight with another kind of animal.
Few bears wear Panama hats.
Few beats approach the memorable.
Few beds are available for emergencies.
Few beds are available for runaways and youthful offenders.
Few beekeepers are interested in trapping.
Few beers are as disappointing to the beer lover as a stale pilsner.
Few beginners are capable of throwing full pitch hammers for the score.
Few beginners know the techniques that make a site easier and less expensive to maintain.
Few behaviors are as widespread as territoriality.
Few behaviors are more hard-wired into the human psyche than fear.
Few believers are guilty of adultery, drunk enness, or bank robbery.
Few believers go to the real story.
Few believers PLAN to structure their financial lives for the purpose of giving.
Few beneficiaries know of or use the current work incentives.
Few benefits are as valuable to employees and annuitants as health insurance.
Few biographies focus on Native people known for their service to their own communities.
Few birds are loved and admired more than swans.
Few birds are more friendly and none are so absolutely fearless.
Few birds are present at the state park.
Few birds are really that close to the pictures in the field guide.
Few birds are strictly palynivorous, or pollen-eating.
Few birds breed on Malta so summer is pretty quiet.
Few birds compare with bald eagles.
Few birds deliver such a heavenly cascade of sound under any circumstances.
Few birds have a complete molt to produce the breeding plumage.
Few birds have the audacity to spend the winter in the planet's northernmost regions.
Few birds live so long or learn so much throughout their lives.
Few birds remain during the harsh winter.
Few birds surpass it in power or length of flight.
Few birds undertake a flight out over open ocean, and incentives to do so are probably rare.
Few births are easy for either mother or child.
Few bits result in a distorted representation of the original signal and introduce noise.
Few bivalves are host to human parasitic infections.
Few blacks are even managers.
Few blacks serve as coaches or even sports announcers.
Few blackbucks live longer than twelve years, and their maximum lifespan is about sixteen years.
Few blisters require a doctor's attention.
Few boards provide formal training and development programs for members.
Few bonds are stronger than the one which exist between a parent and child.
Few books address the question of what to do when things go wrong.
Few books address the relationship between law and the theater.
Few books are available in English and prices are very high.
Few books are better than their sources.
Few books are completely error free, and by the same token, few books are completely without value.
Few books are perfect.
Few books are simultaneously so important, useful, and enjoyable.
Few books attempt to cover as much useful information, or offer a CD with demo files.
Few books can do that and even fewer on such a specialized area.
Few books deal with the fragmentation of the 'subject' with such sensitivity and insight.
Few books do as much or do it as well.
Few books encapsulate an era.
Few books focus on the internal orders of such countries as Poland.
Few books give a better account of the events that transpired on the night of the Titanic disaster.
Few books give any examples of the principle applied to anything other than enclosed liquids.
Few books hold up better.
Few books offer recipes for fresh shell beans, which are available now through the fall.
Few books risk, or achieve, so much under such blisteringly candid authority.
Few books score high on all criteria items.
Few books survive their own generation, no matter what generation it is, to become classics.
Few bookstores carry more than a handful of books even on such popular destinations.
Few botanicals are as well known or as highly thought of as the Aloe vera plant.
Few boulders are present in some pedons.
Few boutiques take checks, and fewer still are equipped to handle charge cards.
Few brands enjoy a consistent awareness and purchase level across the country.
Few breasts emerge from the body as symbols of continuation and growth of the art.
Few breeds are more intelligent.
Few breeds are static and stop developing.
Few Breeds can boast the same diversity and success.
Few breeders are motivated to increase their cage sizes.
Few breeders can be everything for every type of owner.
Few breeders exist who breed or have bred Maine-origin Maine cats exclusively.
Few breeders have an image of how the breed changes.
Few brewers buy brand new kegs because they are so much more expensive than used ones.
Few brokerages break even in their first year of operation.
Few broncos helmets breathe overnight still actual, instead America saves that.
Few brothers work on refugees issues.
Few browsers can display XML-files natively.
Few browsers support any other formats.
Few browsers supports oblique, most either ignoring it or simply rendering it as italic.
Few bug fixes.
Few bugs inspire revulsion like the cockroach.
Few buildings are over three stories high.
Few buildings blemish the treeless slopes.
Few buildings have screens on windows and doorways, and our apartment house in no exception.
Few buildings remain standing.
Few bullpens can boast as many strike-throwing power arms.
Few buns hasten light neither fine, thus advice buying anybody.
Few burdens are heavy when everybody lifts.
Few burdens are heavy when everyone lifts.
Few bureaucracies are as unnecessarily complex as in Belgium.
Few bureaucrats seem willing to rock the system.
Few burials take place there now.
Few business challenge the full range of a manger's skill like the catering business.
Few businesses achieve television broadcasting's high margins.
Few businesses are that average.
Few businesses can claim a profit margin that huge.
Few businesses can do without public relations.
Few businesses can exist without some form of outside financing.
Few businesses can match the fast-paced action of advertising.
Few businesses can succeed without.
Few businesses can survive on a single revenue stream.
Few businesses can survive such a rift.
Few businesses crash and burn without putting up a fight first.
Few businesses dare to weave community into their mission statement.
Few businesses elect the expense of litigation if arbitration is available.
Few businesses generate revenue every minute of the day, but casinos do.
Few businesses have a disaster recovery plan.
Few businesses have systems to manage critical dates.
Few businesses have the money to invest in that sort of promotion.
Few buyers are interested in trading.
Few buyers bother with that now.
Few buyers have the ability to see beyond what is there.
Few buyers know how to do accurate benchmarks, and are at the mercy of manufacturer's claims.
Few callers are clever.
Few campsites have drinking water, and most are on private land.
Few campuses have technology plans, much less hardware replacement plans.
Few campuses have technology plans, much less replacement plans.
Few candidates bother to explain any of that.
Few candidates know how to size up a prospective boss in an interview.
Few candidates raise much money from the little guy.
Few candidates say how they'll pay for the extra service.
Few canoes excel in all performance categories.
Few canoes fit perfectly into any one category.
Few capitals can boast such a glorious tapestry of history.
Few cars come through here.
Few cars elicit the same satisfaction.
Few cars go quicker easier.
Few cars have licenses and no one has new identity papers.
Few cars have such efficient space utilization.
Few cars pass by to mar the silence.
Few cars pass down the highway.
Few cars pass, and the moon is the only thing that sees the pair who stand near the dying flower.
Few cars stand in the lots, and taxis almost never pull up.
Few careers are as challenging and demanding or as rewarding as teaching.
Few careers are as exciting as one in the high-tech industry.
Few careers are more exciting, more rewarding, and more important to society than physics.
Few careers can combine such worthwhile and rewarding work, with such a variety of career options.
Few careers demand a more varied body of knowledge than does journalism.
Few careers offer that much challenge, stimulation and satisfaction.
Few carousels are bigger.
Few carriers can survive the cessation of operations for even a few days.
Few carriers provide all of the information requested.
Few cartographers visit the places they map.
Few cartoonists have a record of their very first serious work.
Few cartoonists have the glamour quotient of a movie star.
Few cases address infringement by indexing.
Few cases exist dealing with the discharge of transgendered service personnel.
Few cases go to trial.
Few cases involving children are as clear as that.
Few cases result in successful collections.
Some few cases remain completely asymptomatic and are only detected during family studies.
Some few cases result in death.
Few castles are as splendid in their ruins, well worth the long walk from the distant parking lot.
Few causes enjoy complete consensus, however.
Few causes have such enthusiastic support of key leaders in the business and legal communities.
Few cells have a uniform distribution of cytoplasm.
Few centers are really master of their own destiny.
Few centers use information technology systems to provide information for local use.
Few centres can match our experience, leadership, and technology.
Few changes are possible.
Few changes occur in nutrients during the winter.
Few changes offer a more dramatic improvement in library service.
Few character templates for aging gracefully exist in our modern society.
Few characters are truly as they seem.
Few characters get much opportunity to hold our attention.
Few characters run all the way through the film.
Few charities have such a record.
Few check stay now, though some needle through many existence mark.
Few checks exist against the excesses of corporations that put power and profit before people.
Few chemicals are selective enough to only kill the problem pest.
Few chemicals are without hazards of various kinds and degrees.
Few children appreciate being passed from lap to lap.
Few children appreciate how much they have until they see someone who has less.
Few children are as cherubic or as gullible as adults think they are.
Few children are available to foreigners.
Few children are aware that their parents are suffering.
Few children are given the pills consistently, it says.
Few children ask to see marriage certificates, after all.
Few children aspire to be writers when they grow up.
Few children become lead poisoned by eating paint chips or chewing on painted surfaces.
Few children born there survive more than a few years.
Few children can resist the temptation of a seemingly endless supply of game ideas.
Few children consume the recommended daily intake of five servings of fruit and vegetables.
Few children develop high fever.
Few children dream of becoming a technical writer.
Few children drink or use drugs while in elementary school.
Few children eat an average amount of anything.
Few children experience long-term functional sequelae.
Few children exposed to mercury develop acrodynia.
Few children get a rash after receiving the vaccine.
Few children grow up wanting to compose serious music.
Few children live in the floating homes because of the dangers of the river.
Few children meet the daily recommendations of the food guide pyramid .
Few children receive reliable sexual information from their parents.
Few children receive sufficient time and attention from their parents.
Few children reform themselves after getting kicked out of school, the report claims.
Few children run away from a loving home.
Few children sleep within a meter of blowing hair dryers or buzzing shavers.
Few children understand the implications of addiction.
Few childhood delights rival snuggling up to mom or dad for a gentle, engaging bedtime story.
Few chipmunks inhabit swamps or marshland.
Few choirs sing it even in Russia, yet it is immediately recognized and appreciated.
Few chum remain in California.
Few churches advertise via the billboard.
Few churches can claim a funeral parlor as their birthplace.
Few churches can claim that in our age of radical individualism.
Few churches can function without a treasurer to pay the bills.
Few churches can underwrite a hospital or clinic . . .
Few churches have any concept of a proactive prayer ministry.
Few churches have effective programs directed at children or young people.
Few churches have insurance.
Few churches have physical buildings.
Few churches have the finances, faculty, facilities, or time to start a college.
Few churches know how to meet their spiritual needs.
Few churches occupy so magnificent and commanding a site.
Few churches report fifty percent or greater worship attendance on a weekly basis.
Few churches seem to be involved in any systematic evangelization of the major housing projects.
Few circumstances can match that for drama.
Few circumstances test a company's mettle as much as a crisis.
Few citizens are likely to have much firsthand experience of either politicians or the news media.
Few citizens contest that the workers are ill.
Few citizens have that kind of resources.
Few citizens know how thin their police protection is.
Few citizens know much about the constitution of their state.
Few citizens know the difference between advocacy science and peer-reviewed science.
Few citizens own a phone and phone numbers are treated with a degree of secrecy.
Few citizens realize that they get to vote every day.
Few cities are large and important enough to be considered global cities.
Few cities are more suited to a visit by persons from abroad.
Few cities are prepared for the consequences of too many people and too few municipal services.
Few cities can approach the quality and number of Paris's distinguished buildings and streetscapes.
Few cities can boast a thriving float-making industry.
Few cities can boast such a gem on their real-estate rolls.
Few cities can boast such an array of schools.
Few cities can claim the historical significance of the City of Nashville during the War.
Few cities can claim the varied charms of Charleston.
Few cities can compare.
Few cities can match Denver's ready access to wild places.
Few cities can summon up images of so many other great metropolises in such a compact area.
Few cities conjure up such positive images at the mere mention of their name.
Few cities enjoy such easy access to transportation coupled with an abundance of undeveloped land.
Few cities have a greater concentration of significant architecture than Oxford, England.
Few cities have a greater treasure of cultural diversity than Oakland.
Few cities have as glorious a past as Alexandria, Egypt.
Few Cities have as many beautiful parks.
Few cities have such a luxury.
Few cities have such a wealth of unspoilt nature and cultural attractions in the direct vicinity.
Few cities live up to our preconceptions.
Few cities offer as many fun, free choices.
Few cities offer so many jobs in so many creative categories.
Few cities offer such a nice feature.
Few cities sit so close to nature.
Few claims stem from non-technical aspects of a practice.
Few claimants can afford to pay an attorney s hourly rate.
Few claimants can afford to pay an attorney's hourly rate.
Few clans can document their existence at such an early date.
Few clashes is also an indication of a credible model.
Few classes offer so much in so little time, yet leave participants energised and relaxed.
Few classes take place in the evening, leaving time for study.
Few clergy have time on their hands.
Few clerics preach about living in a world of caloric temptation.
Few clients are willing to hire a designer with no formal credentials.
Few clients are willing to pay litigation costs unless something significant is involved.
Few clients can buy enough ads.
Few clients like to make referrals without their permission.
Few clients shop for the cheapest hourly rate as a way of selecting an attorney.
Few clients update on a regular schedule.
Few climbs are straight to the top without route changes and detours.
Few clinics have the money to stock ARVs.
Few clinicians are also professionally trained managers.
Few clinicians are prepared to deal with severe pain.
Few close friends help people.
Few clubs compare in music, fashion, or architecture.
Few clues are available.
Few clues hint at either.
Few coaches are willing to heighten the typical buzz surrounding their best recruits.
Few coaches can come off their worst conference defeat and say they are enjoying their job.
Few coaches realize just how exquisite discriminated movements can be.
Few coasts preserve the record of interglacials older than the last one.
Few cocktails can tastefully combine whiskey with the conifer of the tropics.
Few cod survive from egg to adult.
Few collections span the older styles and today's popular bands as effectively.
Few collectors have unlimited resources for book acquisition.
Few colleges admit students directly from secondary school.
Few colleges document the results or changes.
Few colleges offer formal training programs for healthcare representatives.
Few colleges plan to offer the new abortion drug, but many are facing demands that they supply it.
Few colleges provide re-orientation, personal counseling, and special career advising.
Few colleges provide the level of support services to students that Orange Coast does.
Few colleges require a senior thesis.
Few colleges reward use of technology, or even distance teaching, with tenure and promotion awards.
Few colleges spend as much time with their Web sites as they do with their view books or videos.
Few comedians show that range on television today.
Few comets are bright enough to be seen without the aid of a telescope.
Few Comments Click here to find lowest prices on memory.
Few Comments Click here to find lowest prices on motherboards.
Few comments irritate the scientists reading the application more.
Few commentators deny the connection.
ALL Few commitments have the kind of payoff that a child receives from playing sports.
Few committees have budgets.
Few committees take advantage of site.
Few commodities vary in price from company to company as much as insurance does.
Few communications sell as effectively as customer testimonials.
Few communicators can be effective with all age groups.
Few communities are self-sufficient.
Few communities are totally immune to the trouble.
Few communities ask where young people are getting the alcohol.
Few communities can boast of having a lakefront park.
Few communities can boast such a significant representation of the all the arts.
Few communities can brag of long-term collective leadership.
Few communities can do that effectively.
Few communities can match the commitment to education of Maize, Kansas.
Few communities can offer the convenience and variety of recreation available to our citizens.
Few communities have a clear idea of how to go about planning together.
Few communities offer the elderly the physical, emotional and spiritual support they require.
Few communities possess our fluency in sludge.
Few communities welcome the development or expansion of waste management facilities nearby.
Few companies advertise for the nontechnical positions, but they are there.
Few companies are able to access public equity markets.
Few companies are able to maintain any standards consistently across an entire organization.
Few companies are able to match our commitment to worldwide safety certifications.
Few companies are able to weather the competitive storm.
Few companies are brave enough to go it alone where SANs are concerned.
Few companies are competitive when it comes to smokers.
Few companies are immune to repetitive motion problems.
Few companies are likely to have the IT resources to devote expertise to every single one.
Few companies are prepared for the impact of linking their business to the Internet.
Few companies are prepared for the impact of linking their businesses to the Internet.
Few companies are ready to finance long-term research for concepts beyond current technologies.
Few companies are ready, either culturally or technically, for such a leap yet.
Few companies are willing to go through the paperwork unless there is a good chance of success.
Few companies are willing to risk the wrath of the pro-life movement.
Few companies are willing to undertake the process.
Few companies benchmark the success of their efforts to increase share price.
Few companies bond their employees, but many now run background checks.
Few companies build, sell, and ship their product themselves.
Few companies buy directories for the sake of having a directory.
Few companies can afford that much downtime.
Few companies can afford the backup power and redundancy to safely house the data.
Few companies can afford the internal resources to achieve such high availability.
Few companies can afford to depend on their past history or performance.
Few companies can afford to fail on a critical capital project.
Few companies can afford to rip out their wiring infrastructure and start from scratch.
Few companies can afford to wait out hosting developments.
Few companies can boast of such a milestone.
Few companies can capably assess the environmental impacts of new technology.
Few companies can cost justify a professionally run internal help desk.
Few companies can do both.
Few companies can expect quick payback on their enterprise systems.
Few companies can fail to benefit from focusing and defining their efforts.
Few companies can lay claim to that type of early growth.
Few companies can make that promise.
Few companies can mandate that all employees take direct deposit.
Few companies can match our project experience .
Few companies can match our project experience.
Few companies can match our unparalleled level of experience and expertise .
Few companies can offer the same experience and track record.
Few companies can still afford to be complacent about their products or their customers.
Few companies can.
Few companies conceive and then culminate similar expansions.
Few companies determine compensation rationally.
Few companies do a good job of reporting on environmental liabilities and risks.
Few companies do an effective job of auditing their culture and measuring the gap.
Few companies do as much research on their products.
Few companies do everything to move a product from raw materials to finished goods.
Few companies do it well.
Few companies do.
Few companies enjoy relationships in which clients and customers willingly do the back-patting.
Few companies expect perfection.
Few companies fail to make payroll just once.
Few companies fail when they still have money in the bank.
Few companies focus so consciously and heavily on training.
Few companies grind to a halt if debt levels start to soar.
Few companies grow by ultra conservative managment.
Few companies have all the advantages.
Few companies have all the skills to make and market technologically complex products.
Few companies have any consistent description of what it really means to serve the customer.
Few companies have as large and capable a research resource.
Few companies have e-commerce systems that are actually up and running.
Few companies have good transaction process skills.
Few companies have much experience managing their knowledge bases.
Few companies have such a base from which to provide much needed integrated solutions.
Few companies have that level of performance throughout the same time span.
Few companies have the economies of scale or scope to be price leaders.
Few companies have the in-house expertise to fulfill the needs of all customers.
Few companies have the luxury of building an impressive new network in a vacuum.
Few companies have the luxury to burn expensive internal cycles on managing their Internet access.
Few companies have the manpower, time and contacts to maintain a database of films in production.
Few companies have the resources or expertise to build such applications.
Few companies have the time it takes to master most programs.
Few companies hire telecommuters directly.
Few companies host their own sites.
Few companies know their sites fiscal effectiveness, let alone how to measure it.
Few companies listen so carefully and provide such full and clear explanations.
Few companies maintain direct sales forces because the cost is prohibitive.
Few companies make the best possible use of the power of the word.
Few companies manage technologies as an integrated function.
Few companies measure individual employee proficiency.
Few companies meet key privacy protection principles.
Few companies mix various varieties of mild flavored honey varieties to make clover honey.
Few companies offer more than standard benefits when relocating new hires.
Few companies offer the same high standard.
Few companies offer the same high value and low prices.
Few companies offering specialist holidays offer their products for sale through travel agents.
Few companies post their rentals online.
Few companies produce single item products n.b. packaging is a product in itself.
Few companies produce the same end-product that was initially envisioned.
Few companies provide cover for pre-existing medical conditions.
Few companies provide hard statistics in that area.
Few companies provide support for families who care for elderly relatives.
Few companies question the wisdom of installing Web browsers on client machines any more.
Few companies recycle old computers, and most charge a fee.
Few companies regard sustainability as a core strategic issue.
Few companies require employees to encrypt e-mail.
Few companies see sale of assets as a primary source of debt repayment.
Few companies seem to believe that, and fewer still expect it.
Few companies sell all policies.
Few companies specialize in children's wedding clothes, especially ring bearer outfits.
Few companies stick around for years unless they are doing something right.
Few companies take any measures to keep recruiters from poaching their employees.
Few companies think they can make it alone anymore.
Few companies understand the scope of the challenge.
Few companies use more than one domain name.
Few comparison offer poorly, when some club across lots movement ate.
Few competitors have the resources to compete with that kind of spending.
Few complaints involve fraud.
Few complaints result in public disciplinary action.
Few complications occur with laser therapy, and vision usually recovers within minutes of treatment.
Few composers are so attuned to their audience's concentration threshold.
Few composers know their way around an orchestra as well as Tower.
Few composers lead especially interesting lives.
Few composers lead outward lives especially interesting.
Few computers are able to recognise the two names are the same.
Few computers have more than two serial ports.
Few computers inspire so much technolust.
Few concepts are more difficult to define than quality.
Few concertos have that kind of momentum.
Few conditions are as patterned and symmetrical as vitiligo.
Few conditions cause as much anxiety or concern in schools and homes as an infestation of headlice.
Few conditions cause so much concern and anxiety in schools and homes as head lice infestations.
Few condos exist.
Few conflicts are solely of one origin.
Few consultancies can make such a claim.
Few consumers are likely to balk at spending a dollar to listen to an album before purchasing it.
Few consumers are willing to pay both school taxes and private school tuition.
Few consumers do.
Few consumers express willingness to purchase foods with such a label statement.
Few consumers know of the leakage that occurs even when devices are turned off.
Few consumers report that they have stopped ordering certain foods.
Few consumers take the formal appeals route.
Few consumers understand the value of supplements that are assayed for purity and potency.
Few consumers volunteer.
Few contenders look to have the goods to break away.
Few contractors offer energy efficiency services like energy audits and blower-door tests.
Few contrasts are as striking as in the field of education.
Few conversations are more personal than the ones between a patient and a physician.
Few cops shoot.
Few copies reach the rest of the country and no joint distribution organization exists.
Few copies remain.
Few corporations have as much a stake in e-forms.
Few corporations have scientists as directors.
Few countries allow compensation for non-economic damages at all.
Few countries appear able to plan forward well.
Few countries are able to distinguish between national and local government abatement expenditure.
Few countries are any longer outside of the increasingly interwoven world marketplace.
Few countries are as laissez faire as the U.S. with respect to the jurisdiction of formation.
Few countries are homogeneous.
Few countries are in a position to stand up to the threat of trade sanctions from the United States.
Few countries are more diverse.
Few countries are more vulnerable to such weapons of mass destruction.
Few countries are self sufficient in terms of national space programs.
Few countries are so magnanimous in their treatment of foreign residents.
Few countries can afford to cut themselves off from global trade and capital flows.
Few countries can be proud of the limited resources they put into their children's education.
Few countries can boast such a plentitude of traditional folktales as Ireland.
Few countries can match our climatic diversity.
Few countries can match the diversity, beauty and charm that Canada offers.
Few countries can resist the onslaught.
Few countries compare to the geographic and cultural diversity that Ecuador has.
Few countries devote the proper resources to enforce it.
Few countries enjoy the bonds of goodwill and friendship that the United States and Canada share.
Few countries enjoy the sheer theatricality of politics as much as the Philippines.
Few countries flaunt such a diverse culture of unrealized potential.
Few countries guarantee women equal rights within marriage, divorce and family property.
Few countries have a command economy.
Few countries have a larger portion of people of one religion.
Few countries have a lesser share.
Few countries have a warrior tradition as long and exciting as that of Japan.
Few countries have an equivalent research basis.
Few countries have as rich a variety of cultural influences as Haiti.
Few countries have coordinators now since the page has only existed for a short time.
Few countries have legal systems that guarantee freedom of the press.
Few countries have skyscrapers.
Few countries have sub-national data.
Few countries have such a peculiar situation as Morocco.
Few countries have their visa offices in Pakistan.
Few countries measure the quality of groundwater or the rate at which it is being exploited.
Few countries offer such wide array of options to the traveler.
Few countries present a greater challenge for missions.
Few countries refer to Taiwan as a separate state for fear of upsetting the mainland.
Few countries require the same documentation to enter their borders.
Few countries rival South Africa's scenic splendour.
Few countries trade in as many sectors and as widely.
Few countries treat their women as well as their men.
Few countries use firing squads anymore.
Few countries use mumps vaccine, so mumps remains a common disease in many countries of the world.
Few counties can claim four property tax cuts in the past six years.
Few counties have two better or more sprightly newspapers.
Few counties offer such a wide variety of landscape and rich panorama.
Few couples can completely avoid criticizing each other now and then, even in healthy marriages.
Few couples can go through life without challenges.
Few courses begin at mid-year.
Few courses impose entrance qualifications.
Few courses skirt the sea more closely.
Few crashes are the result of one factor.
Few craters are visible on Europa.
Few craters mar the region's lava-covered plains, suggesting that they are geologically young.
Few creatures are as maligned as spiders.
Few creatures are such masters of their natural element.
Few creatures eat the leaves.
Few creatures make the ice shelves of Antarctica their habitat.
Few creatures molest a snake bearing such a striking resemblance to the venomous coral snake.
Few creatures seem more inscrutable than the common, domesticated cat.
Few creditors expect anything substantial to emerge from the meeting.
Few creeks exist in the area and most aquatic wildlife resides in Lake Wylie.
Few creepers climb their resinous trunks.
Few crews have their depth of cruising experience.
Few crimes are more repulsive than child abuse.
Few crimes have such strict conventions as an airplane hijack.
Few crimes meet the level to be treated as a capital case.
Few criminals rehearse the circumstances of being caught.
Few criminals understand the power of forensic science.
Few criminals use assault weapons.
Few crises arise in the international arena without drawing in the United States.
Few critics have or are given either.
Few critics have the integrity to face down their targets without any consoling words.
Few crops can boast the degree of tolerance pineapple has to hurricanes.
Few crops epitomize the season like pumpkins.
Few cruisers leave port without furling sails.
Few cultivars grown today by American farmers can withstand both of the diseases.
Few customers are yet ready to use the internet alone for all their interactions.
Few customers order the mild, medium or hot.
Few customers require a truck roll to get connected anymore.
Few cutters remove less material than cove and bead router bits.
Few dancers have the combined qualities of face, figure, and talent.
Few dancers learn to create movements that are composed of both the positive and negative elements.
Few darts load no train inside a height.
Few dates given History is inaccurate or incomplete.
Few data address the possible influence of food availability on habitat selection.
Few data are available about contraceptive use among unmarried women in Asia.
Few data are available about mercury concentrations in the vicinity of emissions point sources.
Few data are available concerning their cost.
Few data are available for the more recent, low-dose formulations.
Few data are available from Asia.
Few data are available from which to derive answers to such questions.
Few data are available in Italy on the combined treatment.
Few data are available in population-based samples of hypertensive adults.
Few data are available on human exposure to tetranitromethane.
Few data are available on levels of occupational exposure.
Few data are available on levels of occupational or environmental exposures to vinyl toluene.
Few data are available on long-term followup of treated infants.
Few data are available on occupational dermatoses in cheese makers.
Few data are available on population trends in southern Utah.
Few data are available on the eating habits of vegan teenagers.
Few data are available on the effects of industrial respirators on sleep.
Few data are available on the more recent, low-dose formulations.
Few data are available on the status of striped bass populations in Black Creek.
Few data are available on the survival of soras.
Few data are available on the transition of people into one-parent families.
Few data are available on their conditions.
Few data are available regarding the cost of antiseptic agents used for hand hygiene.
Few data are available regarding the course of phobic disorders into late life.
Few data are available to estimate the frequency of catastrophic events in wolf populations.
Few data are available, but it is likely that the risks of operation have fallen significantly.
Few data exist about the struggles faced by former abortion workers and activists.
Few data exist about visits to primary care clinicians for breast symptoms in the United States.
Few data exist concerning the efficacy of amoxicillin.
Few data exist on bycatch of striped bass in other fisheries.
Few data exist on drug interactions with caffeine in preterm neonates.
Few data exist on the extent of steroid abuse by adults.
Few data exist on the incidence of injury during non-competitive sports.
Few data exist on the prevalence of genetic hemochromatosis among diabetic patients.
Few data exist on the protein requirements of acutely ill MD patients.
Few data exist on the relationship between pulmonary and extrapulmonary involvement in SSc.
Few data exist on the relative risk of peripheral techniques.
Few data exist regarding removal efficiency, reliability, consistency and costs.
Few data exist that compare avian abundance on prairie dog colonies to adjacent undisturbed habitat.
Few data exist to guide on the most effective models for palliative care in colorectal cancer.
Few data suggest that admission committees possess such prophetic qualities.
Few days are routine.
Few days fall near zero.
Few days following infection, flu-like symptoms develop, followed by bloody diarrhea and vomiting.
Few days go by in the principal's office without complaints.
Few days go by without data about the relationship between the brain, genes, and behavior.
Every few days change the location of the scarecrow.
Every few days check on the head and harvest when ready by cutting it off the plant.
Every few days clean up waste food and droppings from the ground.
Every few days drizzle a bit more liquor to re-soak the cheesecloth.
Every few days eliminate a bottle of formula and replace it with milk.
Every few days look at the term and try to remember the definition.
Every few days make new holes, or enlarge the holes.
Every few days seems to bring new extremes.
Few debt can cause heated sight and decreased care.
Few debtors file such a claim.
Few decisions are as personal or as important.
Few decisions are peak decisions.
Few decisions are without any negative consequences.
Few decisions can be more short-sighted.
Few decisions have such far-reaching consequences.
Few decisions made in life share the magnitude of choosing a college program.
Few decisions reflect independent and individual judgements concerning the child's best interests.
Few deer live longer than ten years, and most live for no more than five.
Few defects implies high quality.
Few defendants have access to lawyers.
Few defendants plead guilty to a capital charge, so most every capital trial becomes a jury trial.
Few departments appear to have a standard system for responding to email inquiries.
Few departments can claim a similar diversity of expertise.
Few departments conduct regular evaluations of the advising process within their department.
Few departments have a plan for preventive diplomacy or preventive action.
Few departments have protocols for arranging funerals or providing staff support.
Few departments provide analyses on how their activities and outputs contribute to an outcome.
Few departments provide evaluations for graduate student training in research.
Few departments use graduate assistants for undergraduate instruction.
Few descendants remain.
Few designers care about the sexual history of characters in computer games, then or now.
Few designers embrace technological process.
Few despair worry simply, but few division below a container master.
Few desserts are beyond salvaging.
Few destinations are as romantic, as exhilarating, as a seaside resort.
Few destinations evoke the nosalgia and curiosity like old Scotland.
Few details are accurate.
Few details are available about the overseas tourists thought to have the disease.
Few details are available, because the press reports concentrated on Rochester.
Few details are clear.
Few details are currently available.
Few details are present about their environment, basic needs, daily life, and contributions.
Few details escape the horseman's practiced eye.
Few details remain of the lifestyles of the poor or isolated, such as early pioneers.
Few developers are now willing to take a chance on low-income housing.
Few developers are willing to risk that kind of liability.
Few developers have the time or inclination to learn the intricacies of so many platforms.
Few developers know enough about security to keep out determined hackers.
Few devices allow daisy chaining other USB devices.
Few devices offer so much growth potential in so little space.
Few diamonds mined are in the flawless grade.
Few dictyosomes are seen either in the short trichome or in the tall trichome.
Few differences exist between career counsellors and personal counsellors.
Few differences exist in traniees' initial skill levels.
Few difficulties arise if following points are observed.
Few directors are capable of even thinking up such a shot, much less effectively executing it.
Few directors can make one successful war film, let alone three.
Few directors dominate a picture and make their presence felt from beginning to end.
Few directors show that kind of confidence in their material or their actors.
Few directories have index.html files.
Few disabilities affect all areas of functioning.
Few discs exist so far.
Few disciplines can match the academic training provided to economics majors.
Few disciplines have such broad scope and relevance.
Few diseases are as widespread or deadly as heart disease.
Few diseases call for as much self-care as diabetes.
Few diseases destroy the whole family and leave such a painful and long-lasting mark on society.
Few diseases have as diverse an array of symptoms.
Few diseases have such a wide range of symptoms.
Few diseases impact where and how people live to the extent that malaria does.
Few diseases present comparable clinical challenges, and few fields have evolved as rapidly.
Few dishes fire more passion than pizza.
Few disinfectants work well if used in the presence of organic material.
Few distilleries are active today, but their light soft characteristics are essential in blending.
Few distractions are as tempting as housework.
Few distributaries are found in cuspate deltas.
Few distributors rank hesitantly, how either wine around one club praise.
Few districts can match the socioeconomic and demographic ills that afflict New York City.
Few districts have a comprehensive disaster recovery plan.
Few districts have policies that regulate recruitment behavior to any significant degree.
FEW divers can build correct seeing habits by instinct alone, without professional instruction.
Few divers mean uncrowded and undamaged sites.
Few docs discuss child safety with parents.
Few doctors can even diagnose pesticide effects.
Few doctors consider the problems of candida and parasites.
Few doctors help patients commit suicide.
Few doctors know how they can contribute to the solution of the student's school problems.
Few doctors know how to practice it, or even know it exists.
Few doctors recognize the incurable syndrome.
Few doctors see it so clearly.
Few doctors see small-town medicine in that light.
Few doctors understand the biochemical mechanisms involved in sex organ stimulation.
Few doctors use e-mail to communicate with patients.
Few documents exist online.
Few documents record their quiet bravery nor celebrate their courageous struggles.
Few documentaries play so effectively on the themes of reverence and justice.
Few dodgers have, as yet, taken up the olive branch.
Few dogs can kill an adult raccoon without suffering great damage from ripping teeth and claws.
Few dogs can resist chasing a squirrel that crosses their path, for example.
Few dogs can successfully attack an adult who is ripping and slashing with their teeth and claws.
Few dogs enjoy that particular experience.
Few dogs have the extreme head type the standard calls for.
Few doll ridden perhaps, either most explanation along the hotel feel.
Every few dollars donated adds up.
Few Dolphins hat onto best, dry station has the dear calendar alongside most action.
Few donations are as meaningful as clear vision.
Few dramas can boast such a cast.
Few dreams are as prevalent as the dream of buying a house.
Few drivers obey the limits.
Few drops go a long way to splash salads and specialty dishes with taste so fresh and fragrant.
Few drugs are life-saving and require immediate use.
Few drugs are likely to recover their investment costs.
Few drugs are on the horizon.
Few ducks are in the area.
Few dusks pass without a raucous chorus of Barred Owls shattering the evening's quiet.
Few ecologists exist in foreign countries where environmental problems are severe.
Few economists can bring themselves to accept that the global oil supply is geologically finite.
Few economists dispute the notion that investing in stocks is a good idea in the long run.
Few economists see the bogey of inflation or another recession returning anytime soon.
Few economists see the world that way.
Few economists seem willing to acknowledge official debasement as the root cause of inflation.
Few economists suggest that the Gulf is ideally suited to becoming a manufacturing powerhouse.
Few editors have the features of emacs, however.
Few educators agree on the nature of the most effective replacement for ability grouping, however.
Few educators agree on the nature of the most effective replacement for ability grouping.
Few educators are even aware that such issues exist.
Few educators seem concerned.
Few efforts are as important as law enforcement in controlling drug use and related crime.
Few efforts have more benefits than reducing teen pregnancy and child abuse.
Few eggs are produced since eggs and sperms are in a confined space.
Few eggs scattered among many empty cells or several eggs per cell are signs of problems.
Few eggs survive in warm water.
Few elements are as strongly magnetic as gadolinium.
Few elements behave like bismuth.
Few elements work together.
Few emotions escape some level of reflection in the voice.
Few employees are willing to accept termination quietly.
Few employees bother to find out how much their fund administrator charges or how fees are assessed.
Few employees have no problems.
Few employees lack good ideas about how they can be more effective.
Few employees leave without good reason.
Few employees react positively to the experience.
Few employees realize that lump sums are often worth less.
Few employees replace coverage of spouses and children with coverage of children alone.
Few employees stay in one place for five years, let alone a decade.
Few employees tolerate even a day's delay in getting their check.
Few employers admit that they discriminate against applicants or employees.
Few employers are dependent upon a single product or type of product for their profits.
Few employers are likely to be able to trace the relevant paperwork.
Few employers are prepared to admit discrimination even to themselves.
Few employers are union.
Few employers do a good job of qualifying a candidate's actual past performance.
Few employers do.
Few employers express larger public policy concerns.
Few employers feel comfortable hiring an employee who has such a reputation.
Few employers have a spotless record when it comes to equal treatment for lesbians and gay men.
Few employers offer benefits for part time staff.
Few employers pay the entire premium for health insurance.
Few employers provide benefits for part-time employees.
Few employers provide benefits.
Few employers provide career counseling for employees.
Few employers provide that.
Few employers recognize how simple and inexpensive changes in health policy can be.
Few employers say they've encountered welfare recipients who are unwilling to work.
Few employers search the Internet looking specifically for entry-level applicants.
Few employers use all eight assessments.
Few employers use exotic incentives to attract qualified candidates.
Few endeavors warrant more respect than the pursuit of excellence.
Few enemies are likely to let that happen again.
Few enemies can avoid their speed.
Few engineers are poets.
Few engineers are willing to discount the connected load in their cooling calculations.
Few engineers enjoy that very important part of the job.
Few engineers know how.
Few enhancements personalize a home and lend elegance to a room like decorative specialty glass.
Few entities can resemble an acardiac twin.
Few entomologists are ever as lucky.
Few entrants earn the million-dollar annual paychecks that search superstars take home.
Few entrepreneurs are willing to become booksellers because of the capital required.
Few entrepreneurs do.
Few entrepreneurs formulate succession plans before tragedy strikes.
Few entrepreneurs get television exposure just for finding seed capital.
Few entrepreneurs get where they are by virtue of smooth interpersonal skills.
Few entrepreneurs have the financial resources to meet their goals.
Few entrepreneurs think to arrange a back-up plan in case of failure.
Few entrepreneurs view taxation itself, however, as justifying violation of the law.
Few entries have a year of birth and in a few cases there is an actual date of birth.
Few environments are as spectacular, or as unforgiving, as Alaska.
Few environments can satisfy all the needs of fauna.
Few epics work all the way through.
Few equations work.
Few errors are apparent.
Few errors exist.
Few escorts find their parents are capable of fully accepting what they do.
Few establishments accept credit cards.
Few establishments have no smoking areas.
Few events are as controversial as the Russian Revolution.
Few events are as heart wrenching as a murdered cop s funeral.
Few events are as stressful, expensive, and time-consuming as a tax audit.
Few events are more intense on an athlete's muscles than the Olympic Games.
Few events are more likely to produce competitive media frenzies than major airliner crashes.
Few events are more significant in a person s life than the process of selling and buying a home.
Few events can be as stressful, expensive, and time-consuming as a tax audit.
Few events can match the patriotic fervor found at the Freedom Festival's Stadium of Fire.
Few events can offer the convenience of having all the competitors housed together.
Few events can provoke anxiety like a crucial job interview.
Few events can run by the clock in a hectic primary-election week.
Few events cause more stress than tax preparation.
Few events endanger a relationship more than adultery.
Few events have greater impact on sharemarkets than a significant gold or diamond discovery.
Few events loosen the tongue and open the mind as positively as does a run with someone special.
Few events occur on roads.
Few events occur spontaneously.
Few events show off Spain's equestrian traditions in such flattering light.
Few evils are more to be dreaded than indolence and aimlessness.
Few evolutionists make predictions.
Few ewes can successfully nurse more than two lambs.
Few exams require all students to do exactly the same question, without any choice.
Few examples apply general lexical semantic resources.
Few examples are given below.
Few examples are kozan, ciftetelli, testi, etc.
Few examples exist in general and even fewer are in pristine condition.
Few examples exist of comprehensive health and holistic prevention programs.
Few examples exist with good eye appeal and they bring a premium when offered.
Few examples exist.
Some few examples illustrate complexity.
Few exceptions apply.
Few exceptions exist.
Few exceptions known from the media and other sources only confirm the rule, as usual.
Few executives can afford the luxury of a conscience.
Few exercises are truly off-limits .
Few exercises can produce more substantive or enjoyable results.
Few exhibitions say as much about the complexities of art history in such enchanting fashion.
Few experiences are more frustrating than getting lost.
Few experiences are more frustrating than to suffer injury because of someone else s fault.
Few experiences are more gratifying than helping a child grow and mature.
Few experiences are more potentially mind-altering than breathing the air of other cultures.
Few experiences are more sad.
Few experiences can change one's life more radically than parenthood.
Few experiences can compare to a float trip down the Buffalo.
Few experiences can compare to walking in the door of a sperm bank.
Few experiences can make one as squirmy as witnessing some stranger's blubbering breakdown.
Few experiences can match observing the dynamic force that exists in the chromosphere of our sun.
Few experiences compare to the drama and excitement of watching a great movie at the theater.
Few experiences compare to the simple act of reading a newspaper.
Few experiences compare with the thrill of exploring inner-space.
Few experiences match the challenge and exhilaration of mountain climbing.
Few experiences match the excitement of Thoroughbred racing.
Few experiences pose a greater challenge to our faith.
Few experiences provide the sense of freedom and accomplishment that downhill skiing does.
Few experiments yield such clear outcomes.
Few experts approach a patient without first forming a hypothesis.
Few experts are readily available in the school.
Few experts believe it's an unfair measure, though.
Few experts believe that any more.
Few experts believe that.
Few experts bother with the argument any more, mostly because no one is paying attention.
Few experts disagree that the stonework here is more advanced than that of other ahu on the island.
Few experts go that far.
Few experts have such a complete background of experience and education.
Few experts say conservation alone is going to do the job.
Few experts use either system exclusively.
Few exterminator belong alike after exact, or telephone heard few.
Few faces appear close enough to interact with.
Few facilities are able to build telemedicine and teleconferencing suites from the ground up.
Few facilities are available to hold families together during immigration proceedings.
Few facilities exist for tourists, just a few losmen and a number of small warung.
Few facilities exist in the interior.
Few facilities provide special units or staff training to care for cognitive impairment.
Few facts appear new in the case.
Few facts can be so prominent in the Scriptures as the mode of offering prayer.
Few facts turn people to action.
Few factors affect the distribution and evolution of an organism as extensively as osmoregulation.
Few factors are as visible or as important to the quality of life in our communities.
Few factors have greater impact on student performance than parent and community involvement.
Few factors influence a college's quality more than the students it enrolls.
Few faculty reveal their letters to students as a matter of policy.
Few falsehoods deserve response.
Few families are able to finance four or more years of college without careful planning.
Few families are prepared for what they encounter.
Few families bother, however, because it can be tricky and expensive to piece together and install.
Few families can afford a regular diet of theater and concert tickets.
Few families can afford to pay bills that high for very long.
Few families can boast of an inheritance which has descended through so long a line of ancestors.
Few families can claim they have never got into pickle over something as trivial as a herring.
Few families can meet the total costs of higher education alone.
Few families can survive on one income so having a child can mean real hardship.
Few families escape dealing with mental illness.
Few families escape the heartache of divorce.
Few families find a perfect match with a prepackaged curriculum.
Few families find it easy to cover tuition costs.
Few families have a record so consistently loyal.
Few families have electricity.
Few families have insurance which adequately covers the cost.
Few families have such a thorough work on which to base further research.
Few families have the habit of gathering at the dinner table every evening.
Few families have time to spend an entire summer at their lakeshore cottages.
Few families live here today in an idyllic setting.
Few families rival Piperaceae for difficulties at the species level.
Few families speak Urdu in their homes, even in lower Pakistan.
Few families talk about senior care, let alone plan for it ahead of time.
Few families trim the tree earlier because no one sits in the parlor unless there's company.
Few fans are in the sun-soaked left field grandstand.
Few fans come out for any sporting event on campus.
Few fans do.
Few fans notice how often running QBs become QBs with a permanent limp.
Few farms are available for long-term leasing.
Few farms are likely to adopt predators though.
Few farms are so uniformly of the same sort of land, as to admit of a general system of cropping.
Few farmers apply fertilizer or use improved moisture conservation practices.
Few farmers are concerned with anything but the economics of farming.
Few farmers are here.
Few farmers are willing to spend more money to purchase improved seed of wheat.
Few farmers borrow from formal financial institutions because they lack collateral.
Few farmers can afford to keep their own bulls for breeding.
Few farmers can afford to use pesticides.
Few farmers have first-hand knowledge of yield monitors.
Few fathers appear as main characters in television sit-coms.
Few fathers appear as main characters in television sitcoms.
Few fathers fall into poverty because of the amount they are paying.
Few fathers have a daughter so anxious to come home.
Few features remain at the relocation center site.
Few feeds have as many myths and evil predictions associated with it.
Few feelings match the simple freedom offered by a motorcycle.
Few fellowships offer such a chance for learning in India.
Few females can resist that.
Few females drop all of their eggs at once.
Few females show an interest in the work.
Few fiddlers play every tune in the same style, and the differences reflect their multiple sources.
Few fields allow the speed of advancement and rewards that retailing does.
Few fields can say as much.
Few fields have as many opportunities opening on a daily basis.
Few fields have such a broad scope.
Few fields have such breadth.
Few fields have such broad scope and relevance for research, theory, and application of knowledge.
Few fields have such broad scope and relevance.
Few fields offer a wider variety of opportunities.
Few fields offer such riches.
Few fields offer the flexibility and potential rewards of cosmetology.
Few films allow for such extreme and personal reactions to an individual moment.
Few films are able to convey a sense of place, of culture, of a time before our own.
Few films are available, but they are all exceptionally well produced.
Few films are more complex, or show more breathtaking skill at moving from one level to another.
Few films are so playful with the boundary between illusion and artifice.
Few films are.
Few films can approach that level, and when one does, there is bound to be a backlash against it.
Few films can be as dull as martial-arts movies, and the dullest parts are the fights.
Few films can capture such a magnificent edge with such a horrible script.
Few films depict religious passion with such power.
Few films do tough and tender with such range and clarity.
Few films go to the emotional depths that Alive and Kicking explores.
Few films have so many actors displaying their talent so effectively.
Few films have such a profoundly allegorical sense of place.
Few films have such an overwhelming sense of location.
Few films have the power The Deer Hunter has.
Few films lend themselves to broad merchandising.
Few films offer such a sympathetic view of women on the edge of madness.
Few films show how life can be both sad and lovely.
Few finds are more interesting than the discovery of ancient arctic ground squirrel nests.
Few firewalls prevent e-mail transmissions.
Few firms can escape environmental risks.
Few firms can grow just with their own capital.
Few firms can now afford to go alone with basic research.
Few firms derive all their revenues as yet from training products and services.
Few firms do both.
Few firms handle all types of electrical work, though many can perform more than one specialty.
Few firms have explicit success measures for innovations.
Few firms have installation dates for all their traps.
Few firms have regular graduate recruitment so make speculative applications.
Few firms manage to innovate systematically.
Few firms measure their involvement in the community.
Few firms replace all their systems in ten, let alone three years.
Few fish are more aggressive feeders than sea bass.
Few fish can resist it.
Few fish live beyond the fourth year.
Few fish live through the third winter.
Few fish make better table fare than flounder.
Few fish remain in some of our oceans.
Few fishermen are wealthy.
Few fishermen have both.
Few fishermen make their livings working Washington waters exclusively.
Some few fishermen know anglers.
Few fitness walking try professional since high, both pronunciation dread nothing.
Few flowers are as prized in the garden as roses.
Few flowers are as user friendly to the weekend gardener as the bearded iris.
Few flowers are produced.
Few flowers bloom, unless one counts the weeds sprouting among the numerous abandoned vehicles.
Few flowers compare to the iris.
Few flowers develop for good seed production if grazing is continuous and heavy.
Few flowers develop for good seed production with heavy continuous grazing.
Few flowers develop into fruit.
Few flowers offer such an array of color, size, shape, fragrance and use as roses.
Few flowers pick as easily as the Calendula, the stems breaking off readily when pulled.
Few folk live on the land.
Few folks are familiar with the process of winemaking in the ancient world.
Few folks are professional writers, so don t worry about style or punctuation.
Few folks marry the person next door.
Few folks pay taxes unless they get involved in the organized system.
Few folks stand out as tourists.
Few foods are as cool as a cucumber.
Few foods are as decadent, sensuous and wickedly tempting as chocolate.
Few foods are as nutrient-dense as eggs.
Few foods are as versatile as pinto beans.
Few foods are more dismal.
Few foods are more evocative than homemade bread.
Few foods are rich sources of chromium in the Western diet.
Few foods can compare with oysters in terms of nutritional value.
Few foods can compare with oysters in terms of their nutritional value.
Few foods can fire up the passions like the good old American hamburger.
Few foods can trigger allergic reactions.
Few foods capture the nostalgia-tinged joy of summer like fresh, sweet corn on the cob.
Few foods compare to wheat foods.
Few foods contain large amounts of vitamin D naturally.
Few foods have the versatility of the potato.
Few foods have the wholesomeness and health appeal of milk.
Few foods offer such a diverse set of benefits.
Few foods pack the same nutritional punch as dairy products.
Few foods scream summer like freshly picked basil.
Some few feet discourage honey badgers.
Few footpaths are open in Hertfordshire.
Few forces drive adults more strongly than meeting the needs of their children.
Few forecasts are as common in business as forecasts for inflation.
Few foreigners are aware that there are several grades of meat in Pork.
Few foreigners come here, but Mexican vacationers are lured from all over the repubic.
Few foreigners venture outside of the established tourist routes.
Few forms are as important to a patient and family as an advance directive.
Few forms are available specifically for the documentation of endodontic diagnosis and therapy.
Few fossils are shrink-wrapped, clean and neat, when discovered.
Few foundations use evaluation systematically to improve their work.
Few fractures are life threatening unless mishandled.
Few freedoms are absolute, off-line or on.
Few friends help people.
Few friends lead to higher stress and a shorter life.
Few friends live in cities.
Most few friends help people.
Most few friends live in cities.
Few friendships are worth risking time in prison.
Few friendships can survive constant or frequent quarrels.
Few friendships can survive such frankness.
Few fruit are produced.
Few fruits are as dramatic in color as blood oranges.
Few fruits can compare.
Few fruits form even though plants are flowering.
Few fruits produce more dependably than blackberries.
Few funds fit both bills.
Few fungicides are available for use in home berry production.
Few fungicides are registered and available for controlling blackberry diseases.
Few gamblers like to talk about their problem in public.
Few game sounds, most of which are fairly high pitched, and tend to be annoying after a short time.
Few games are able to solicit such fervor among fans.
Few games can ever last the test of time unless they are truly a classic.
Few games can lay claim to getting people to love playing what they do every day.
Few games exist in tables with holes with another number of balls.
Few games fail due to poor programming, but instead blunder the design.
Few games lead to as high a degree of cardiovascular fitness as squash for the time expended.
Few games offer better models, and more realistic combat.
Few games offer tangible rewards for being disemboweled.
Few games offer the kind of challenge provided by golf.
Few games support it currently, but compatible games are in the works.
Few games take advantage of the add-ons.
Few gardeners are lucky enough to have such a perfect spot.
Few Gardeners can produce it because it requires such a unique aquatic habitat.
Few gardeners go through season after season without facing a soil-borne disease among their plants.
Few gardeners toil in the tundra.
Few garments can claim to be as versatile and comfortable, as well made and properly designed.
Few gases are as potent as hydrogen sulfide to the human olfactory senses.
Few gatherings can match the story-telling sessions that happen every time the miners get together.
Few generalizations apply.
Few generations have the opportunity to celebrate the end of a millenium and the end of a century.
Few gifts are as rewarding.
Few gifts are more precious.
Few gifts can have as dramatic an impact on a child as a good book.
Few gifts offer greater satisfaction to the donor than scholarship gifts.
Few girls find the intellectual beauties of mathematics worth such a social price.
Few girls use the courts to get abortions.
Few goals are worthy of greater dedication.
Few gossips have the courage or decency to tell their victim what is going on.
Few governments are strong enough to act alone.
Few governments contemplate defying Beijing's wishes.
Few governments know how much it costs to deliver most public services.
Few governments regard women in prostitution as workers.
Few governments report widespread layoffs due to privatization.
Few grains cayenne pepper Freeze venison until firm and solid enough to slice easily.
Few grains paprika Stir shrimp into sauce and simmer until heated through.
Few grandparents have problems with obstreperous grandchildren left in their charge.
Few grevilleas are in flower, however Grevillea sp.
Few ground covers thrive in poorly drained soils.
Few ground covers, other than grasses, tolerate repeated foot traffic.
Few groups are as crucial to American electoral success.
Few groups are more concerned about the impact of the diffusion of information on proliferation.
Few groups are too brutal.
Few groups bring together more diverse and fun-loving engineering students.
Few groups can match the consistent energy of Dervish's jig and reel medleys.
Few groups can reach so many people so quickly to provide members with such valuable resources.
Few groups handle contemporary material as well.
Few groups harbour as much expertise in their chosen field.
Few groups have procedures for consulting their members.
Few groups provide direction on beliefs and values better than the faith community itself.
Few growers can afford to take a field out of production while the cover crop is being established.
Few growers grade their pecans.
Few growers rely on a pure no-till system.
Few grownups can get through a whole day without making a mistake.
Few guests resist the urge to walk down and sit on the beach.
Few guests sit down to a varied table with an equal appetite for every dish.
Few guidelines establish term limits.
Few guidelines exist for the behavior of nonresidential fathers.
Few guidelines exist primarily because antepartum depression has been underdiagnosed.
Few guitarists are better qualified to expound on rock guitar's most despised decade than Vai.
Few guitarists can sing and play their instrument at the same time.
Few gymnasts enjoy that kind of chore.
Few habit improve appropriately, because many model except few creature taste.
Few hammer improve randomly, nor the eighty on any character flew.
Few hands go up.
Few hats survive machine washing with their brims and shape in tact.
Few hatchlings make it to the water.
Few headstones bear epitaphs.
Few heirs have that kind of cash.
Few herbs capture the smell of summer like basil.
Few herbicides are available for control of broadleaf weeds in cotton.
Few heroes face the one supreme ordeal and final commensurate reward.
Few hierarchies face as tough a battle to maintain credibility and relevance as the Irish hierarchy.
Few historians believe that interpretations spring unaided from the sources.
Few historians have the self-confidence of our prolific predecessors of the last century.
Few hobbies can approach ham radio for making the world seem a little smaller and friendlier.
Few hobbies can provide quite the same history and geography lesson.
Few holes are better at separating monkeys from men especially in a headwind.
Few holes are visible from another and each tee box is the beginning of a new experience.
Few holidays catch the imagination of children the way Chinese Lunar New Year does.
Few homes are now without a humble transistor radio or a tape recorder.
Few homes are perfect.
Few homes are prepared to accept the chronic sick.
Few homes go through construction without an inspector citing something.
Few homes have a place that's naturally perfect for helping seedlings grow stocky and strong.
Few homes have computers, much less e-mail.
Few homes have electricity.
Few homes have indoor plumbing.
Few homes sell for their actual listing price.
Few homeowners can sit on their hands and watch their expensive sod die.
Few homeowners live on top of a hill.
Few homeowners stop to consider that their trees can have actual monetary value.
Few homicides involve multiple offenders and fewer involve multiple victims.
Few homicides involve prior planning.
Few homicides meet the requisite legal criteria to be prosecuted as capital murder.
Few honors are as meaningful as having one's accomplishments recognized by one's peers.
Few hormones seem to put a brake on consumption.
Few hornists consider it anything less than the masterwork for the full quartet.
Few hospitals do abortions.
Few hospitals have community-based asthma programs.
Few hospitals strive to be anything other than the ordinary.
Few hotels accept credit cards or foreign currency.
Few hotels have working smoke detectors, and emergency exists are often sealed.
Few hotels have working smoke detectors, and emergency exits are often sealed.
Few hotels provide adequate ones.
Few hounds can keep pace with a kangaroo.
Every few hour take a stroll down the aisle of the airplane.
Few houses are without one or more cisterns.
Few houses have garages.
Few households can actually keep their tiny cash flow constantly above water.
Few households grow enough grain to last through the year.
Few householders reserve airline seats very often, or yearn to check their stock portfolio daily.
Few humans are as well-informed as media workers.
Few humans are aware that opossums have a long history of literary output.
Few humans come together simply to produce children.
Few humans dare to swim there.
Few hunters are good hunters, properly skilled in tracking and stalking.
Few hymns invoke the fruit.
Few hypnotists are fully aware of the damage that can be caused by hypnosis used with carelessness.
Few ideas are more unrealistic.
Few ideas become popular without the backing of powerful special interests.
Few ideas provoke more controversy in American education than school choice.
Few illnesses create emotional stress as much as the diagnosis of cancer.
Few images are more evocative of Vermont than the covered bridge.
Few images can bring an idea to life so vividly and few symbols can convey a message so directly.
Few images evoke the romance of the tropics more than the broad, swaying leaves of the banana plant.
Few images exist of boys with long curls wearing rompers.
Few impairments have a more negative effect on the quality of an individual's life.
Few incentives exist for the growers to invest in organic fertilizers, herbicides and pesticides.
Every few inches tie on a dried flower or fruit using the extra twine or raffia.
Few incomes are large enough to support such a burden.
Few independents accept arbitration.
Few indexes exist.
Few indications support anything so gauche as a 'first person' voice or experience.
Few individuals acting on their own are able to match our professional capabilities.
Few individuals are more hypocritical than modern secular historians and other secular humanists.
Few individuals are now capable of independent living.
Few individuals are willing to challenge the narrative or to question the basis for it.
Few individuals attain size.
Few individuals can achieve both effectively.
Few individuals can afford repeated appearances in court as the bills mount exorbitantly.
Few individuals can dare to dream with such freedom.
Few individuals can make a living in Philosophy.
Few individuals can make such a claim.
Few individuals can master new mathematical concepts without practice and problem solving .
Few individuals can resist the temptation.
Few individuals can survive in the face of such abuse.
Few individuals can truly become engaged by just listening to a lecture.
Few individuals carry load.
Few individuals carry parasite load.
Few individuals complain about having too much time on their hands.
Few individuals consume amounts.
Few individuals develop jaundice.
Few individuals enter the service as Privates and leave as generals.
Few individuals get rich from an airport career.
Few individuals have access to information contained in the various information systems.
Few individuals have an exaggerated importance.
Few individuals have necessary skills.
Few individuals have skills.
Few individuals have the ability to pay full fees upfront.
Few individuals have the honor or opportunity to be so much to so many.
Few individuals know how to plan for death or exactly what to do when a death occurs.
Few individuals know if, when, and how to pursue Federal Tort Claims Act cases.
Few individuals lead a virtuous and happy life .
Few individuals leave Salzburg viewing the world as they did when they came.
Few individuals live for years.
Few individuals live more than two years in the wild.
Few individuals lose weight.
Few individuals make decisions entirely on their own.
Few individuals play lead roles.
Few individuals play roles.
Few individuals possess such sophisticated money management skills or experience.
Few individuals reach large size.
Few individuals reach size.
Few individuals see effects.
Few individuals sew curtains, make cushions or spread carpets.
Few individuals share purely identical belief systems.
Few individuals survive more than six summers.
Few individuals survive summer.
Few individuals survive to ages.
Few individuals thrive on negativity or pressure.
Few individuals understand the magnitude of havoc that a single alien species can wreak.
Most few individuals attain size.
Most few individuals carry load.
Most few individuals carry parasite load.
Most few individuals consume amounts.
Most few individuals have necessary skills.
Most few individuals have skills.
Most few individuals live for years.
Most few individuals lose weight.
Most few individuals play lead roles.
Most few individuals play roles.
Most few individuals reach large size.
Most few individuals reach size.
Most few individuals see effects.
Most few individuals survive summer.
Most few individuals survive to ages.
Some few individuals attain ages.
Some few individuals have dots.
Some few individuals have positions.
Some few individuals reach levels.
Some few individuals remain in sanctuaries.
Few indulgences are simpler to prepare than a nice cup of tea.
Few industries are as regulated as health care.
Few industries are as regulated as pharmaceuticals.
Few industries are as scrutinized for their safety record as the airline industry.
Few industries are ineligible.
Few industries are less suited to insubstantial dreaming than steel.
Few industries are likely to be transformed as much by the internet as travel.
Few industries are so involved with employee training programs.
Few industries can boast of such dramatic increases in efficiency.
Few industries can claim such job satisfaction among the people working within it.
Few industries command as powerful brand recognition as the insurance industry.
Few industries drive the pace of social and economic change as fast as information technology.
Few industries employ heavy or dangerous equipment, and work-related accidents are rare.
Few industries face the radical changes and fierce competition that impact communications companies.
Few industries know how to answer that better than agriculture.
Few industries offer a wider variety of internal advancement opportunities.
Few infants survive beyond the first year.
Few inferences can be more fraught with hazard than assigning causality to correlated trends.
Few ingredients can enhance the flavor of foods as well as butter.
Few initiatives combine the wisdom of the past and the innovation of the present in such a way.
Few innocents are slain, but the costs are quite horrendous.
Few innovations are unproblematic.
Few innovations make it over the fence, and even fewer actually succeed once they land.
Few innovators can claim to have left so great a mark on the fortunes of the world.
Few insects are as unwelcome in homes as cockroaches.
Few insects are of economic importance to Pennsylvania small-grain production.
Few insects can cause yield loss.
Few insects change so much during their life cycle as a butterfly or moth.
Few insects have red blood.
Few insects live in the oceans or in very cold places, such as Antarctica.
Few insecticides are effective for spider mites and many even aggravate problems.
Few institutions are able to index their collections to the level of individual articles.
Few institutions are as French as the cabaret.
Few institutions are as well-known for advancing knowledge.
Few institutions are closer to the real problems of people than nonprofits and community groups.
Few institutions are more important to a democratic society than a free and independent media.
Few institutions are prepared to host of such an open and direct dialogue.
Few institutions can afford to increase staff, and many are downsizing.
Few institutions can boast of such a helpful library staff.
Few institutions can match what the academies offer.
Few institutions can offer university learning in such an intimate environment.
Few institutions can provide a reliable figure for their total campus IT spending.
Few institutions can sustain such large losses and remain financially solvent.
Few institutions collect or disseminate data on tenure probability rates for probationary faculty.
Few institutions do.
Few institutions enable students to view their transcripts.
Few institutions have a more active, dedicated group of leaders.
Few institutions have as great a claim on our support.
Few institutions have as profound an effect on the South Sound economy as our nation's military.
Few institutions have both in sufficient measure.
Few institutions have our group's breadth of skills and experience.
Few institutions have proper student-teacher ratio.
Few institutions have the resources to copy a lengthy document, even for a price.
Few institutions lend themselves to myth-making like colleges and universities.
Few institutions offer a coherent core curriculum that results in a common intellectual experience.
Few institutions rebuild from the ground up.
Few institutions report having campuswide compensation policies for postdoctoral appointees.
Few institutions seek legal advice.
Few institutions use only one application.
Few instructors act with such confidence so close to the edge.
Few instructors teach students to control recoil and try to depend on hardware to do that.
Few instruments can endure the intense pressure, cold, and dark at the bottom of ocean basins.
Few insurers can provide a program that is specifically designed for such a diverse industry.
Few integrators can provide voice and data services, as well as offer full support.
Few interns have the financial means to support themselves while on a volunteer internship.
Few interpreters can be competent in all subject areas.
Few interventions can be as beneficial as helping a patient stop smoking.
Few interviewers ask the same questions of every applicant.
Few inventions make it to the marketplace.
Few inventors have the funds or the experience to run a successful business venture.
Few invertebrates are either strict regulators or conformers.
Few investigations exist in literature concerning farm animals.
Few investigators receive specific training on psychiatric disabilities.
Few investments are as risk-free as manufactured home parks.
Few investments grow as appreciatively as memories.
Few investments have a greater potential to save lives.
Few investments have the power and potential of a gift supporting the further pursuit of knowledge.
Few investments match the permanence of concrete.
Few investments pay bigger dividends than education.
Few investments yield a richer, more long-lasting return that a college education.
Few investments yield such a profitable, lifelong return.
Few investors are completely at home in the inverse world of bonds.
Few investors are willing to put money into Eastern Europe's long neglected coal industries.
Few investors can resist the urge to time the market.
Few investors do.
Few investors enjoy wildly fluctuating markets.
Few investors have the time or expertise to compare the thousands of bonds available.
Few investors have the time or expertise to take advantage of either strategy.
Few investors purchase shares in each company they follow.
Few investors understand the differences between the bond funds available.
Few islands are as scenic and cultural as Jamaica.
Few issues are as blatantly political as redistricting.
Few issues are as compelling to our future success.
Few issues are as contentious as the siting of group homes.
Few issues are as contentious or complex as climate change.
Few issues are as explosive as the issue of school funding and how it impacts property taxes.
Few issues are as politically enduring as abortion.
Few issues are as provocative and as poorly understood as biological differences among the races.
Few issues are higher up the international agenda today than climate change.
Few issues are more difficult for Christian apologetics than evolution.
Few issues are more emotional or more visceral, and few issues are more politically complex.
Few issues are more important to the American people than food safety.
Few issues are more important.
Few issues are more misunderstood than the moral effects of art.
Few issues are more politically and socially divisive.
Few issues can be more important.
Few issues can match the emotional intensity of special education.
Few issues divide Southerners as sharply as the flag question.
Few issues divide the nation as sharply as capital punishment.
Few issues evoke as much passion in Blue Lake as the future of the town's trails.
Few issues have clung to the presidency in recent years as tenaciously as that of moral leadership.
Few issues have more consequences for the environment than the increase of population.
Few issues have the ability to upset as many people as abortion does.
Few issues ignite public passions in the Bay State as much as water and sewer rates.
Few issues make the free market system seem more unfair, even rigged.
Few issues make the nature of the state clearer than taxation.
Few issues make the news.
Few issues matter more to Washington state than the future of our environment.
Few issues offer such sharp regional and demographic variations.
Few issues ought to command more attention than the global spread of nuclear weapons.
Few issues pose more serious consequences to corporate executives than product recall.
Few issues present a more urgent call for such assistance than the problem of domestic abuse.
Few issues raise more questions and contention than subletting.
Few issues receive more attention than tire discussions.
Few issues resonate as loudly in the Garden State as public education.
Few issues stir up as much controversy among shareholder activists as corporate stock option grants.
Few issues strike such deep and emotional strains in any society as a woman's place within it.
Few issues touch the public's nerve as much as the issue of privacy .
Few items are subject to change.
Few items bear captions.
Few items can bring out the thoughts, feelings and sense of wonder that original oil paintings can.
Few items can match the status one enjoys when wearing a breastplate.
Few items have as much character and personality as a comfortable, reliable leather flight jacket.
Few items have as much character and personality as a comfortable, reliable pair of leather boots.
Few items match the profit margins of soft drinks.
Few items remain still during the course of a move, so shifting is inevitable.
Few jobs are as challenging and profound as motherhood.
Few jobs are more emotionally or physically demanding.
Few jobs are really mindless.
Few jobs are so demanding that they can frighten people as competitive as football coaches.
Few jobs are union.
Few jobs can offer such challenges and rewards.
Few jobs offer the challenges and rewards that volunteer fire and rescue services offer.
Few jobs offer the challenges and rewards that volunteer fire, rescue and emergency services offers.
Few jobs offer the opportunity for physical activity during the workday.
Few journals allow free access to the full text of their articles.
Few journals cover disaster medicine.
Few journals cover such a sweep of history.
Few journals provide unlimited free access to the full text.
Few journals say so much with so few words.
Few journalists can take the time to cover a company in depth.
Few journalists spend all of their working careers as reporters and writers.
Few journalists use the Internet but even fewer have made their mind up about it.
Few judges have any legal training.
Few judges have experience with horses.
Few judgments are as harmful as being labeled outmoded.
Few key individuals play lead roles.
Few key individuals play roles.
Few kids enjoy it.
Few kids golf clubs via hopeful, eldest buttons burn most sweet policy within several movie.
Few kids have either.
Few kids understand how parked cars limit their visibility.
Few kites fly so well in such a wide range of winds as the delta.
Few l inks at left are yet active.
Few labs do the test.
Few labs process all types of film.
Few lakes occur, but the headwaters of several major rivers are found here.
Few lands draw so much American cultural attention.
Few landlords accept pets.
Few landlords rent by the month.
Few landmarks remain of Eureka River's early farming days.
Few landmarks survive.
Few landowners can afford such losses in the productivity of their forest.
Few landowners can restore wetlands without technical help.
Few landscapes tolerate a fire vacuum.
Few languages come close to Esperanto's simplicity.
Few languages have a finer farewell.
Few large mammals survive in blast zones.
Few large mammals survive in zones.
Few laser consider steady finally good, otherwise occasion fed who.
Few lasers laze in blue or shorter wavelengths.
Few laws address the legal responsibility of parents or guardians.
Few laws apply directly to the negotiation process.
Few laws apply to volunteers per se .
Few laws are immune to potential improvement.
Few laws enforce it.
Few laws enjoy such universal support.
Few laws exist that specifically prohibit crossdressing behavior.
Few laws exist to protect the animals or the consumer.
Few laws exist to stop scientists from cloning a human.
Few laws exist which require preservation of evidence once appeals end.
Few laws limit what the private sector can do with information collected in cyberspace.
Few laws protect animals exploited and abused in rodeos.
Few laws protect consumer records online.
Few lawmakers care to come right out and tell voters they didn t make a smart decision.
Few lawmakers debate whether to privatize government functions anymore.
Few lawmakers deny that Ohio's public school system is in a state of crisis.
Few lawyers are hunters or shooters, and no one was specializing in the field.
Few lawyers decline to participate.
Few lawyers have extra time.
Few lawyers know how to qualify and avoid investing precious time on a doomed sales process.
Few lawyers know the history of the stat- utes that they are daily called upon to use in their work.
Few lawyers like to talk about privilege problems.
Few lawyers offer a money-back guarantee.
Few lawyers take every case.
Few lawyers understand public service better than military attorneys do.
Few LEAs provide guidelines or requirements for professional development or advanced training.
Few leaders can boast such a contradiction.
Few leaders have degrees in subjects such as economics or political science.
Few leaves hang coldly to the maple.
Few lecturers wear gowns and they are likely to know their Honours students by their first names.
Few lenders base their entire credit decision on the score, however.
Few lenders roll up their sleeves and become fishmongers.
Few letters are straightforward rejection.
Few letters describe camp life or military action.
Few letters mention school activities.
Few letters written in America are more interesting.
Few lettuces have much nutritional value.
Few liberals dare treat the right seriously.
Few librarians believe their role is to side with one faction.
Few libraries can afford it either.
Few libraries can or want to send all their damaged books out to a contract binder.
Few libraries have unlimited funds.
Few libraries report difficulties with children viewing inappropriate material online.
Few libraries report using fax as a frequent method of delivery for interlibrary loan purposes.
Few links are either free with other stuff or have a very nominal cost.
Few links are still active.
Few lions are in such danger, as populations are relatively stable and ranges are expanding.
Few listeners get radio that allows DJs to choose their own music.
Few listings are actually relevant to Iraq.
Few literatures are as rich and diverse as literature in the English language.
Few lizards are dangerous.
Few loans go to lower income families.
Few lobbies are as powerful as the dairy industry.
Few lobbyists offer outright untruths.
Few locals pay such rents, butthroughout Vietnam rates are far higher for expats.
Few locals speak English.
Few locations offer such a favourable combination of competitive advantages.
Few locations personify so many elements of the California dream.
Few loggers try to control the bushmeat trade, and many actively assist it.
Few logicians are rich.
Few losers suffer more acutely than defeated political candidates.
Few losses are as painful as the death of someone close.
Few lots are completely flat.
Few lures appeal more to an aggressive, feeding bass.
Few machines inspire such intense adoration.
Few magazines have on-staff writers who do more than department notes.
Few magazines live beyond three years.
Few magazines reach the U.S. market as well as places like Bulgaria, Oman, Slovenia, and Turkey.
Few maggots leave the fruits while they are still hanging on the trees.
Few majors are as versatile or sought after in the marketplace.
Few majors emphasize both literacy and numeracy.
Few majors offer a similar one-two punch.
Few males have the cojones to declare they are feminists.
Few males mate with all females in area.
Few malformations occur during the fetal period.
Few mammals can stay active in the hottest parts of world as well as humans can.
Few mammals migrate seasonally.
Few men activewear marry overnight still pretty, but century pardon anybody.
Few men are eager for wisdom.
Few men are harassers.
Few men are really brave.
Few men are super- human enough to feel dead as parents and still send money from beyond the grave.
Few men are truly impotent.
Few men are utterly bad.
Few men attempt to link their muses to spiritual practice.
Few men become legends in their lifetime.
Few men can accomplish so much in a lifetime of seventy-one years.
Few men can handle their love ways.
Few men can maintain their masculinity while strolling down the street with a tabby on a leash.
Few men can present a visible scene, a landscape, or a natural object, more distinctly to the eye.
Few men can recite the story of Kansas since statehood from their own recollection.
Few men can say they avoided the draft because of milk.
Few men can sing as high and easy and even fewer possess the stage presence.
Few men choose to shop, or enjoy shopping.
Few men choose to teach preschool, while few women want to be lumberjacks.
Few men come all the way to old age.
Few men defy the unrelenting absolute vacuum in search of fortune and glory.
Few men experience their first orgasm through an encounter with a female.
Few men find life so good that they want it to last forever.
Few men go to battle in cold blood, or prepare without agitation for a surgical operation.
Few men go to facilities that offer services primarily for women.
Few men have all the muscle they want.
Few men have any comprehension of the depth of that following, and what it entails.
Few men have difficulty picking a hooker out of a crowd and such women want it no other way.
Few men have so stainless a record.
Few men have the ability of empathy and compassion as that of a woman.
Few men have the natural strength to honor a friend's success without envy.
Few men have the stamina for more.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Few men know how to kiss well.
Few men know the trails better or can smell a water hole or ambush faster.
Few men know where to go when they find a lump on a testicle or have trouble achieving an erection.
Few men maintain such a clear sense of who they are and where they are from.
Few men make themselves masters of the things they write or speak.
Few men propose in a mood of cold and calculating reason.
Few men say yes.
Few men seem to have trouble with the idea of multiple submissions.
Few men speak humbly of humility, chastely of chastity, skeptically of skepticism.
Few men take the risk of going to trial.
Few men take the sacrificial life.
Few men understand women.
Few men venture past the first couple of pages of ladies.
Few managers are likely to be persuaded by statistics.
Few managers can really function effectively without a working knowledge of financial principles.
Few managers can really function effectively without a working knowledge of investment principles.
Few managers can resist giving a free bottle of bubbly and maybe some flowers.
Few managers enjoy sitting down with their subordinates, one on one, for a candid evaluation.
Few managers have timely access for all key items in their category.
Few managers know how to take an interview past the resume.
Few managers like to compose performance appraisal reports.
Few managers think of themselves as advertisers and public relations agents.
Few managers use solid manure storages in Washington because of high rainfall.
Few managers volunteer to be replaced, especially the bad managers.
Few manuals are in English.
Few manufacturers are willing to estimate battery life.
Few manufacturers escape some type of problem.
Few manufacturers exist, requiring longer shipping distances than appropriate.
Few manufacturers make their boots available in different widths.
Few manufacturers offer quality LED signs because they are too expensive.
Few manufacturers offer such a wide range of products to their customers.
Few manufacturers show a profit the first year.
Few maps are available for skirmish and mulitplay.
Few maps indicate directions for numerous one-way streets.
Few maps indicate directions for the town's numerous one-way streets.
Few markets are available for the residential general contractors in California.
Few markets are more competitive than that of packaged computer software distribution.
Few markets are more difficult to enter, they say, but few put more money in the pocket.
Few marketers do.
Few marriages endure far tamer lives.
Few materials are as misunderstood, or misidentified as often, as gutta-percha.
Few materials are both suitable and compelling.
Few materials can compete with pinestraw for use in landscaping.
Few materials can match vinyl's track record when it comes to safety and performance.
Few matters are as neglected.
Few matters are more important than the quality of the teachers in our nation's schools.
Few maxims are true from every point of view.
Few meals can rival a feast of West Coast clams, oysters, mussels, prawns or crabs.
Few measures have an immediate and sensible operation, exactly according to their wisdom or policy.
Few medications cause permanent problems.
Few media are as engaging and as rich in teaching possibilities as film.
Few meetings are under preparation.
Few Members answer the clerk as their names are called.
Few members break ranks to form a more bipartisan middle.
Few members give simply to support the institution for another year.
Few members have any idea what is going on.
Few members have telephones in their homes.
Few members have the same dollars available as in the past for such activities.
Few members seem to have received it thus far.
Few memoirs end with the armistice itself.
Few merchants accept dollars as a form of payment.
Few mergers focus on customer benefits while all are driven by easy capital and ego.
Few mergers occur where the companies continue to operate autonomously.
Few messages are worth that much effort.
Few metals adopt the simple cubic structure because of inefficient use of space.
Few methods address analysis of socio-technical system requirements.
Few methods provide more versatility in presentation.
Few methods seem to be significantly better than a brute-force computation of all distances.
Few metropolises can boast of true mountain biking adventures within their city limits.
Few microbes have a truely free-roaming lifestyle, they much prefer to stick to a surface.
Few minds are fit to be trusted with so great a thing.
Few ministers give it a second thought.
Few ministers know what an unclean spirit is.
Few minutes job each.
Few minutes walk from town.
Few minutes walk uphill from town.
Every few minutes check the drain pipe under the sink until it is no longer hot.
Every few minutes look away from the screen for a few seconds.
Every few minutes stir the concoction around so the butter and bacon fat covers all the cabbage.
Few misconceptions are as widespread as the idea that the war against cancer is being won.
Few missions require all-out speed or excessive durability.
Few mistakes are intentional, they're often the result of a mix-up in communication by the workers.
Few mistakes can make a Web page look more unprofessional than incorrect spelling.
Few mistakes made by government officials can equal the horror of executing an innocent person.
Few mites are present in homes located in dry climates.
Few models are available for the practice of professional design.
Few models describe a physical process exactly.
Few models use human development methods to support substantive individual change.
Some few models bundle both sets of software.
Few moments are as precious to mothers as the hushed rituals of bedtime.
Few moments express the affinity between nations than the communion of ideas.
Every few moments release a bit more line to keep in touch with the bottom.
Few monks live isolated lives nowadays.
Few months go by and sord see's freebord and gets stoked.
Few Moors can ever build up their fortunes again in one short lifetime after so reckless an outlay.
Some few moths feed on orchids.
Few mothers wish to have their children out evenings at that age.
Few motorists are prepared to meet the challenges of an automotive emergency.
Few motorists notice a boulder facing the traffic circle.
Few motorists realize that the only reason tires have treads is to displace water.
Few mountains have as many books written to aid the climber as Denali.
Few mice enjoy the kind of affection that the dormouse inspires.
Few movements are restricted to the activation of a single muscle.
Few movements have as broad a support as the movement to close the school down.
Few movements occur during most of the year.
Few movies accomplish through great acting and writing a sense that a protagonist is truly a hero.
Few movies can boast of so many fine actors in one film.
Few movies have such an impact without totally dulling the entertainment factor.
Few mums have a sister at hand and use a non family member to childmind instead, out of necessity.
Few municipalities know how much is used and available, the state environment chief says.
Few muscles are tighter than the ones in our legs.
Few museums offer such an unmodulated experience of art.
Few musicians are able to hurdle the obstacles of life as a recording artist.
Few musicians are so indifferent to fashion and so cool about success.
Few musicians can rise above the limits imposed by their instrument.
Few musicians get through an interview without once referring to their brand new album.
Few musicians have the confidence.
Few muskrats attain four years of age.
Few mysteries remain in the business world, but there are many more puzzles.
Few mysteries take place in the twenties, and Greenwich Village is fascinating and gripping.
Few myths are more unfair.
Few myths resist experience more than the value of formal education.
Few names are as known for their purity, reliability, or health benefits.
Few names are so laden with associations.
Few names come to mind.
Few names conjure up such universal emotions.
Few nations are as savaged by earthquakes as Japan.
Few nations are more dependent on the marine biosphere.
Few nations boast as intimate a connection between sport and culture as Canada's link to paddling.
Few nations can boast having such a great number of creative musicians as Haiti.
Few nations can claim a living witness to every moment in their political history.
Few nations follow our course.
Few nations have a longer history that Armenia.
Few nations possess racial unity.
Few nations take their music and musicians as seriously as does Brazil.
Few neckties are in evidence, and the one guy in a suit jacket soon tosses it over a bench.
Few negotiations involve only a single issue.
Few neighbors come to our homes asking for support for anything.
Few neighbors seem to be as sensitive to such proximate slights as Singapore and Malaysia.
Few networks are more than three levels deep.
Few neurofibromas are present.
Few neurosurgeons know all the nuances of roofing.
Few newcomers are migrant workers, demographers say.
Few newsletters carry ads for products.
Few newspapers are as in touch with their readers and advertisers.
Few newspapers have a table of contents of the sort included in a magazine.
Few newspapers have indexes to their contents, but some of the most important ones do.
Few newspapers offer an on-line archive to search for special topics within a range of years.
Few nights pass without a serenade from a family of coyotes.
Few notions are more daunting than the thought of writing a novel.
Few novels are. . . .
Few novels are.
Few novels written today make the reader want to leap inside and join the action.
Few novelists achieve so enviable a position.
Few novelists give any thought to formulas.
Few objects have three bitmaps.
Few objects possess the ability to transcend time as old photographs do.
Few observations support notions.
Few observatories have experience of thermoelectric cooler design.
Few observers disagree.
Few observers expect authorities to charge the officers in the three recent cases.
Few observers expect quick breakthroughs.
Few observers expect the persecution to diminish.
Few observers expect the president's invocation of executive privilege to be successful.
Few observers offer excuses for the actions, but some do see a human logic.
Few obstacles block similar analyses in any region of the world.
Few occasions compare with the excitement of owning a motorcycle.
Few occupations can offer the creativity, excitement and growth found in the culinary arts.
Few occupations offer the creativity, excitement, and growth found in the culinary arts.
Few occupations offer the rewards and challenges that are found in law enforcement.
Few occupations require such a combination of knowledge, skill, and experience as farming.
Few offenders enter a court's program with rehabilitation on their minds.
Few offenders enter the court's programs with rehabilitation on their minds.
Few offenders have the ability or resources to pay the full amount of restitution in one lump sum.
Few offices can get by on daylighting alone.
Few officers get appropriate trauma debriefing.
Few officials make it on their own.
Few openings are available for new students.
Few operas can match that kind of output.
Few operas match the story, diction, and music so perfectly.
Few operations sacrifice some profit to be totally ethical and conservation minded.
Few operators attempt to promote fish growth in the pond.
Few operators keep accurate records of costs or income.
Few opportunities arise for a legislator to have an impact on defence matters through legislation.
Few opportunities exist for artists to acquire recognised qualifications for such work.
Few opportunities exist for residents to benefit directly from tourism.
Few opportunities exist for young people.
Few opportunities exist for youth.
Few opportunities offer the ability to learn as much and progress as fast as a career in consulting.
Few options are available to aid in managing leaf and stem diseases.
Few options are available.
Few options are open to the school board, none of which are attractive.
Few options avail.
Few options exist in the county for treating underage problem drinkers.
Few options offer the chance to increase production and cut costs at the same time.
Few orchestras can afford to hire an outside curriculum professional.
Few ores spawn in the cliffs because they are so high.
Few organisations have the knowledge or the resources to set up shop on-line.
Few organisations realise that information is perhaps their most valuable asset.
Few organisms can glow in more than one color.
Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds .
Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds.
Few organisms can survive such harsh conditions .
Few organisms can survive such harsh conditions.
Few organisms can withstand the freezing, dry climate of Antarctica.
FEW organisms have as long a history of widespread human use as the neem tree.
Few organisms live here.
Few organisms live in the deeper, colder water of lakes.
Few organisms live on the polar ice caps and glaciers, and many live in the tropical rain forests.
Few organisms offer the genetic power of meiotic analysis in Drosophila, however.
Few organizations are able to direct sufficient resources toward communications efforts.
Few organizations are as political as associations.
Few organizations are dumb enough to enact illegal explicit quotas.
Few organizations are satisfied with their status of achievements.
Few organizations become very good, or very bad, suddenly.
Few organizations can afford to have a skilled technician always available at every location.
Few organizations can afford to pass up such an offer save big bucks at little or no cost.
Few organizations can get their message across without a strong, high-quality Web presence.
Few organizations can match that record.
Few organizations can match their scholarship, clarity, and moral persuasion.
Few organizations can offer such an array of benefits.
Few organizations can rise above ineffective leadership and inadequate planning.
Few organizations care to be associated with that.
Few organizations consider themselves cutting edge when it comes to technology.
Few organizations engage in charitable activities.
Few organizations enjoy staring down the barrel of a custom software development effort.
Few organizations exhibit only one departmentalization base.
Few organizations have a well-articulated network security plan or the ability to implement one.
Few organizations have enough Internet bandwidth for all their users.
Few organizations have enough staff to handle programs and fundraising.
Few organizations have groups whose responsibilities include managing the storage resources.
Few organizations have significant experience with the extraction of architectural assets.
Few organizations have the knowledge or the resources to set up shop on-line.
Few organizations have the required advertising funds for traditional brand building.
Few organizations have the time, expertise, or resources to implement VPNs successfully.
Few organizations invest in proper risk assessment before implementing controls.
Few organizations invest in proper risk assessments before implementing controls.
Few organizations limit themselves solely to smuggling.
Few organizations play a similar role in educating the educators and the larger community.
Few organizations remain static.
Few organizations remember to order some bow ties from the manufacturers of logo neckties.
Few organizations take the time to consider the high cost of staff turnover.
Few organizations understand how to deal with the human aspects of testing.
Few organizations undertake the building of a data warehouse all at once.
Few other birds show diversity.
Few other plants survive environments.
Few owners are skilled at pet training and obedience classes are expensive and inconvenient.
Few owners are willing to part with their precious memories.
Few owners experience all the problems or all the benefits.
Few packets appear to be filtered in the incoming direction.
Few pages are still under contruction.
Few pages combine cutting-edge images, movement and soundz so well.
Few paintball has dirty while loose, still arrival awake anything.
Few painters enjoy either commercial or artistic success.
Few painters have it.
Few palms tolerate severe cold and the majority of the species are tropical or subtropical.
Few palooka melt logical before elder, before victory recover it.
Few panaceas work as well as advertised.
Few pants jam near either pound beyond no England.
Few papers deal with heat acclimatization.
Few papers excel in all three, but a substandard level in any is sufficient grounds for rejection.
Few papers show much revision.
Few papers show strict observance of MLA style.
Few paragraphs consist of less than three sentences.
Few parents act in such a manner as much to enforce their maxims by the credit of their lives.
Few parents are able to contest the claim of academic monotony.
Few parents are at home with the kids any more.
Few parents are aware of how interested and observant the social worker really is.
Few parents are aware of the harm caused by circumcision.
Few parents can.
Few parents encourage their child to drink, but few see nothing wrong with occasionally drinking.
Few parents exercise joint decision-making.
Few parents expect complications of pregnancy or their baby to be sick or premature.
Few parents feel compelled to go to such extremes.
Few parents get the enjoyment they deserve.
Few parents have enough time for their children.
Few parents have the benefit of formal training.
Few parents have the time to devote to child care issues.
Few parents know about the rating system.
Few parents know how to think about, much less authentically engage with, their teenage children.
Few parents know that answer and many security professionals have never really thought it through.
Few parents know that some babies' intestines bleed after drinking cow's milk.
Few parents know the changes that are happening.
Few parents know the proper way to restrain children in car seats, experts say.
Few parents protest.
Few parents realize the dangers of floaties.
Few parents save their children s scribbles.
Few parents seek waivers.
Few parents stand guard over their children's computer activities, no matter how well-intentioned.
Few parents talk openly to their kids about family finances.
Few parents understand how schools are funded, staffed and operated.
Few parks can boast of the quality swimming and beach area.
Few parks offer better access to some of Australia's best deep water and estuarine fishing areas.
Few parliamentarians go to all the trouble to get elected to become auditors of the public service.
Few participants question much.
Few participants take pleasure in it.
Few parties have women leaders or many women members.
Few parties run their course without something breaking.
Few passages are wordy or imprecise.
Few passengers remain onboard during the day.
Few passengers seem to be in bed by midnight, yet there's always a crowd at breakfast.
Few pastimes afford the total peace, quiet, and relaxation of sailing.
Few pastimes are as relaxing as paddling the placid waters of the upper Housatonic River.
Few pastimes are more satisfying than working through a good crossword puzzle.
Few paths lead straight into the park.
Few pathogens are eaten.
Few pathologists receive any training in ophthalmic pathology during residency.
Few patients are able to assess their own symptoms and physical findings and make a diagnosis.
Few patients are able to pay all of the costs of transplantation from a single source.
Few patients are asymptomatic.
Few patients are aware that volume is a predictor of mortality, many doctors acknowledge.
Few patients are possible candidates for radical surgery.
Few patients are so fortunate.
Few patients are symptom-free within a week.
Few patients are that lucky.
Few patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer have identifiable risk factors.
Few patients discontinue sildenafil due to adverse reactions.
Few patients exhibit the full spectrum of abnormalities listed above.
Few patients experience pain without a component of emotional turmoil and suffering.
Few patients know that their monthly premium goes for everyone else's care too.
Few patients pay their own bills now.
Few patients reach adulthood.
Few patients remember, five years hence, that it is time for another sigmoidoscopy.
Few patients require a tracheostomy, an artifical opening in the neck for breathing.
Few patients require further surgery.
Few patients require transfusion.
Few patients survive their early twenties.
Few patients undergo transformation.
Few patterns have such a buggy appearance.
Few peace including yes that various, that crowd burn nobody.
Few pedophiles seduce their victims in public.
Few people abstain from sex after performing it once.
Few people accumulate much wealth on salary alone.
Few people admit that fear is another cause, but it is true.
Few people admit to enjoying pornography, yet sales indicate a wide and growing market.
Few people adopt the apprenticeship path in shamanic studies.
Few people advocate killing babies, but many disagree about when a mass of cells becomes a baby.
Few people advocate on behalf of people with disabilities except consumers and their families.
Few people allow FTP into their PC because they're shut off at night.
Few people answer the questions correctly.
Few people anticipating bankruptcy have the cash to pull off that maneuver.
Few people appreciate advice, especially when it is unsolicited.
Few people appreciate how much hard work artists put into each project.
Few people appreciate junk mail in their mail box and the same applies to e-mail accounts.
Few people appreciate the full costs of driving.
Few people appreciate the power of ideas.
Few people appreciate the surprisingly large amounts of water transpired by plants.
Few people are able achieve such an outcome without considerable effort.
Few people are able to adapt to the multitude of chemical compounds.
Few people are able to discontinue alcohol use without treatment and committed peer support.
Few people are able to have everything they want instantly.
Few people are able to jump automatically to the top of the ladder.
Few people are able to justify buying an instrument that takes a month to build.
Few people are able to maintain such a diet, however.
Few people are able to master math, physics, quantitative finance and software engineering.
Few people are able to satisfy the demands of both.
Few people are able to save for retirement, while at the same time maintain their desired lifestyle.
Few people are able to say that the career they have is exactly what they've always wanted to do.
Few people are able to sing such a wide range of material, and sing it all so well.
Few people are able to spend most of their time pursuing their passion in life.
Few people are able to work and accumulate earnings indefinitely.
Few people are able to write in so profound and comprehensive a way.
Few people are about during the day - mothers and their little children mainly.
Few people are actually highly committed to being resistant and negative players.
Few people are actually susceptible to seasickness.
Few people are allergic to cornstarch itself.
Few people are allergic to it.
Few people are allergic to leeches, but it does happen.
Few people are as genuine and sincere.
Few people are as qualified to speak on the subject of racial and ethnic reconciliation.
Few people are as uncompromised in their critique of corporate culture.
Few people are at the extremes, where the curve is lowest.
Few people are aware of how many very different mortgage programs really exist.
Few people are aware of how poor their balance is or how much unnecessary tension they carry.
Few people are aware of the cultural disaster the department seeks.
Few people are aware of the deep connections between our diet and how it controls our behaviour.
Few people are aware of the degree of disintegration that older films can undergo.
Few people are aware of the extraordinary damage which has been done to wildlife by the pet trade.
Few people are aware of the long-term effects of sea level rise.
Few people are aware of the magnitude of the problem or the consequences.
Few people are aware of the multitude of scientific studies done on plants.
Few people are aware of the overall cost of prescription drugs.
Few people are aware of the power behind nurses and the nursing profession.
Few people are aware of the sheer complexity of the way the thresholds operate.
Few people are aware of the true costs associated with the overuse of fossil fuels.
Few people are aware that botox shots are being given to stroke patients.
Few people are aware that reading takes up so much valuable time.
Few people are aware that some of the most common planktonic animals are gelatinous snails.
Few people are aware that the leaves of the blue flowered varieties can be made into an ointment.
Few people are aware that there is also a small independence movement in Cornwall.
Few people are better equipped to deal with the opportunity.
Few people are completely committed to it.
Few people are content merely to look at the Mission Mountains.
Few people are creative with weekday hours.
Few people are eager to take jobs with high levels of stress.
Few people are even aware of the threat.
Few people are even aware that life can offer more than physical satisfaction and personal gain.
Few people are ever fortunate enough to see the antlion.
Few people are ever likely to be in their position.
Few people are ever prepared for the intensity of the pain associated with loss.
Few people are exempt from paying income tax.
Few people are experts in investing money.
Few people are fast enough to keep up with their good intentions.
Few people are financially independent.
Few people are fond of snakes, but in their intricate patterns, they have great beauty.
Few people are genuinely happy.
Few people are godly enough to find the balance to have both purity and love.
Few people are good writers and sales people both.
Few people are homeless by choice.
Few people are immune from making first impressions.
Few people are immune from the allure of making in a bet.
Few people are immune to their effects.
Few people are in a position to make significant one-time gifts.
Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
Few people are interested at all in even picking up a book on economic or political issues.
Few people are interested in both.
Few people are interested in studying the figure anymore.
Few people are interested in things they perform poorly at afterall.
Few people are interested, and the frog dies of it.
Few people are interested.
Few people are involved, but the damage is disproportionate.
Few people are likely to come in contact with it.
Few people are lucky enough to have someone like that in their lives.
Few people are lucky enough to have such an intense experience twice in a lifetime.
Few people are lucky enough to own shoreline.
Few people are lucky in love, careers, friends, and influence.
Few people are master public speakers, but most can do well if they prepare properly.
Few people are members of a party here.
Few people are more aware of that than humanitarian workers.
Few people are more caring, committed to helping others, or effective in getting things done.
Few people are more deserving.
Few people are more professionally pompous than highly paid journalists.
Few people are neutral about North Carolina's senior senator.
Few people are nostalgic about their biology lessons.
Few people are original in planning for growth.
Few people are out of town between the holidays and everyone who usually stays home is out shopping.
Few people are out turning over the soil, even in small gardens.
Few people are out, but bright light streams out of one side-street storefront.
Few people are prepared for the complex issues surrounding end of life care decisions.
Few people are prepared for the responsibilities and tasks involved in caring for the aged.
Few people are prepared to admit they made a mistake.
Few people are prepared to respond to such an overwhelming catastrophic event.
Few people are ready for their lives to turn suddenly upside down.
Few people are really excellent listeners.
Few people are really in a fit state for anything at the time of their deaths.
Few people are reluctant to let someone pray about their problems.
Few people are satisfied with their lot.
Few people are secure enough to be stand-alone teachers.
Few people are so fortunate as to have a live without episodes of sadness.
Few people are so gifted as to leave an indelible mark on our cultural history.
Few people are so proficient that there is nothing new to learn.
Few people are so willing to give such time for free and with such a bright spirit.
Few people are strong on both sides.
Few people are successful at market guessing.
Few people are surprised.
Few people are that rigorous.
Few people are there.
Few people are totally without sight.
Few people are truly balanced bilinguals in both languages in all situations.
Few people are upset by speeches that end a little early.
Few people are using the catagory, it's good for organizing the internet.
Few people are well educated.
Few people are what they are on the page.
Few people are willing or able to stake a large amount of money on an unproven procedure.
Few people are willing to change.
Few people are willing to decode some long attachment to a mail, to do debugging for others.
Few people are willing to do either.
Few people are willing to do it if the inevitable price is their job.
Few people are willing to go to the trouble and expense of pursuing a debtor.
Few people are willing to guess at the number of college students who use the Internet to gamble.
Few people are willing to put out effort above the minimum required to do their own job.
Few people are willing to read a computer manual.
Few people are willing to sponsor intent.
Few people are willing to take that risk.
Few people are willing to talk to police.
Few people are willing to trust everything to memory.
Few people are willing to use their PCs with no protection at all.
Few people are wise enough to prefer useful criticism to the sort of praise which is their undoing.
Few people are without a single TV in their home, and millions have more than one.
Few people are world leaders.
Few people are worried about losing their jobs and healthcare.
Few people are worried about volatility on the way up, but many get dispeptic on the way down.
Few people are.
Few people argue that vim has a steep learning curve and takes some time getting used to.
Few people argue with scientific theories, for most are unacquainted with the subject matter.
Few people arrested choose to reveal their stories so publicly.
Few people ask about size when buying roses.
Few people ask more basic questions about whether punishment ought to be our main concern.
Few people ask that question anymore.
Few people ask themselves, but few can resist the insinuation of the lines.
Few people attain great lives, in large part because it s just so easy to settle for a good life.
Few people attempt thru-hikes of the entire trail, from end to end.
Few people attend.
Few people become activists overnight.
Few people become good students just as few people become good managers.
Few people become great givers overnight.
Few people become medical doctors primarily for the potentially large salaries.
Few people become self-actualized.
Few people begin to feel uncomfortable.
Few people believe that a satisfactory theory of quantum gravity is just around the corner.
Few people believe that being of two cultures is a negative thing.
Few people believe that being of two cultures is negative.
Few people believe that changing nothing is an option.
Few people believe that faeries actually exist.
Few people believe that.
Few people believe the charges.
Few people believe the figure.
Few people believe the gender-pay gap is zero.
Few people believe the project can restore what was once one of the world's biggest inland seas.
Few people believe the promises.
Few people blame child diarrhoea on lapses stool hygiene.
Few people bother to look at what a fund actually owns.
Few people bother to visit.
Few people break protocols.
Few people burn at all.
Few people buy applications that are development tools and libraries.
Few people buy on the web regularly.
Few people buy steel directly.
Few people buy systems purely for listening to music.
Few people call the vet just because a horse seems a little out of sorts.
Few people can accept that human embryos are just tissue, like cancer, to be taken out and studied.
Few people can actually write a good screenplay.
Few people can afford a substantial breakfast of mohinga.
Few people can afford the cost and stress of a trial.
Few people can afford the cost of international direct dialing which is certainly available.
Few people can afford to buy a home.
Few people can afford to buy new cars.
Few people can afford to just up and quit their jobs to follow their passion.
Few people can afford to own two homes simultaneously, except for some all-cash buyers.
Few people can afford to pay all of their medical expenses themselves.
Few people can afford to pay cash for a home.
Few people can afford to pay out tens of thousands of rands in excesses and other costs.
Few people can argue that pick.
Few people can argue with the benefits of a college education.
Few people can be as cruel to each other as children.
Few people can be happy unless they hate some other person, nation or creed.
Few people can be happy unless they hate some other person, nation, or creed.
Few people can be natural in front of the camera.
Few people can bear to be rootless.
Few people can believe in a goal that they have never seen achieved by someone else.
Few people can boast of having been elbow deep in fish guts.
Few people can call it, extremely volatile but it probably beats playing the lottery.
Few people can choose their own power provider.
Few people can claim that.
Few people can claim they've kissed a whale.
Few people can claim to endure the type of physical and mental workouts rowers are subjected to.
Few people can claim to have seen anywhere near the whole of Stewart Island.
Few people can clearly remember the acute period of the disease.
Few people can contemplate it without emotion, and nobody can climb it without stilts.
Few people can create a perfect setting anyway.
Few people can deny the world is in the midst of an Information Revolution.
Few people can discern the latest rumba in the corridors of power.
Few people can do all of the above.
Few people can even say they know someone personally who had a house fire.
Few people can explain the two sounds of 'c'.
Few people can explain why.
Few people can formulate integrated philosophical systems on their own.
Few people can get as tired.
Few people can get rich from their wages alone.
Few people can hear a statement and remember it down the line without any sort of reinforcement.
Few people can judge levels of technological or business competence to any real degree.
Few people can keep it up for an extended period of time.
Few people can keep up with written law.
Few people can lose weight or maintain a weight loss without it.
Few people can make a completely rational decision.
Few people can make something so difficult look so casual.
Few people can make such estimates.
Few people can make that claim.
Few people can match are surface preparation.
Few people can name the lesbian who was beaten in the hallway of an Oregon school.
Few people can objectively weigh the risks of obscurity.
Few people can paint beautiful green on green paintings.
Few people can produce relatively little.
Few people can readily identify Chechnya.
Few people can recall a Thailand without a drug problem.
Few people can recall the big parades that once celebrated the accomplishments of unions.
Few people can recall the particular moment when they decided how to spend the rest of their lives.
Few people can remember a dozen regularly changing passwords, but anybody can memorize just one.
Few people can remember, fewer still want to.
Few people can remember, or care about, the details of the European v American helicopter row.
Few people can resist looking in pet shop windows to see all the cute puppies inside.
Few people can resist the invitation.
Few people can resist the power of unconditional love expressed in loving actions.
Few people can resist.
Few people can satisfy all their needs and all their wants.
Few people can save the necessary amount to be free from significant financial risk.
Few people can say accurately what a hub is, what goes on there and what it looks and sounds like.
Few people can say that.
Few people can say they are exactly where they want to be, doing exactly what they want to do.
Few people can see themselves involved in the rigorous training used by competitive athletes.
Few people can set up camp after dark without fatigue, hunger or irritability.
Few people can simply write out a paper and do a good job.
Few people can solve more than half of the question on the first try.
Few people can solve more than half of the questions on the first try.
Few people can solve more than half the first day.
Few people can speak good English, but many people can understand simple English words.
Few people can state the values behind decisions that are made.
Few people can stop with owning only one.
Few people can store so much for long.
Few people can survive without cultivating a network that promotes their growth.
Few people can swim a mile in fifty degree water.
Few people can take on that kind of debt without being swamped.
Few people can take such control of life without any education.
Few people can talk about their appearance without expressing strong feelings.
Few people can teach dance so efficiently in such a short time-and put on such a great performance.
Few people can teach the Michigan football team anything about handling pressure.
Few people can think of the series without chuckling to themselves.
Few people can throw a long forehand well.
Few people can tolerate someone who is both ignorant and arrogant.
Few people can truly say that they belong exclusively to either extreme.
Few people can understand the depth of the perpetration on behalf of the United States.
Few people can visualize an atom.
Few people can visualize such a system.
Few people can work non-stop without suffering burnout and plummeting productivity.
Few people can write text that reads well in public.
Few people can.
Few people care about the conservation of monarchs.
Few people care about their rights.
Few people care for a big bulge in their pocket, it s uncomfortable and unsightly.
Few people care for excuses.
Few people care if the team actually wins, they just want to see the new stadium.
Few people care to be in the minority.
Few people carry floppies around any more.
Few people challenge the view that the church is hypocritical.
Few people champion the status quo, even if they sometimes vote for it.
Few people change for the sake of change.
Few people choose editing as a profession.
Few people choose to be alone on major holidays.
Few people choose to become drug addicts or to overdose.
Few people choose to do the reading, including the professor.
Few people choose to go into a nursing home.
Few people choose training as a primary career choice.
Few people claim that today.
Few people claim the psychedelics are habit-forming or have health risks.
Few people come from the profession and education field in the study.
Few people come here in the summer.
Few people come in and stop their heroin immediately.
Few people come in now, and volunteers have complained about being bored, having nothing to do.
Few people come out of law school and go right into the job of their dreams.
Few people come to a purebreed rescue looking for a mix.
Few people complain.
Few people compliment the sound designer on a TV show.
Few people consider cooking radishes, but the results are spectacular.
Few people consider educating their children out of school.
Few people consider the effort involved in getting the mail promptly to the right destination.
Few people consider themselves enemies of the environment.
Few people consume necessary amounts of bone-building nutrients in their diet.
Few people continue to take public education seriously.
Few people cook the meat long enough to kill the trichinae.
Few people criticize the system.
Few people criticize the wealthy districts for doing what they can to hold onto teachers.
Few people dare discuss the killings.
Few people dare to use their wish because they often go wrong.
Few people dare to venture there.
Few people decide their life's work in middle or high school.
Few people decide to move impulsively or plan years for a move.
Few people deny the importance of planning for retirement but most people postpone the preparation.
Few people depart unmoved.
Few people derive pleasure from checking bank statements against check registers.
Few people derive satisfaction from documenting - but that's what continuity planning is about.
Few people deserve it more.
Few people desire instability.
Few people disagree that the history has been damaging.
Few people disagree.
Few people discover the complexity of their bodies until they get sick.
Few people discuss how they do everyday things.
Few people dispute that assessment.
Few people dispute that education in America is in a state of crisis.
Few people dispute that Panama has the ability to keep the canal running though.
Few people dispute that smoking is damaging health on a global scale.
Few people dispute that some Gulf War veterans are suffering.
Few people dispute that the guy is a hormonally challenged selfish jerk.
Few people dispute that the new systems tend to be good for younger workers.
Few people dispute the long-term significance of population trends.
Few people dispute the outline of that latest engagement.
Few people distinguish between a speech and the reading of text.
Few people distinguish clearly between egoism and con- ceit.
Few people do a good job of it.
Few people do business well who do nothing else.
Few people do ethnography well.
Few people do everything themselves.
Few people do it with the intention of doing harm.
Few people do really well at first.
Few people do that, however or even realize they are supposed to do so.
Few people do.
Few people doubt that a new wave of superstars has arrived in international chess.
Few people doubt that captive bottlenose dolphins are adept at imitation.
Few people doubt that the events of the last year have coarsened the national political discourse.
Few people doubt that today's teens experience more than their fair share of angst.
Few people dream about becoming a cleaner.
Few people drink enough water.
Few people earn their living directly via flatulence.
Few people eat a balanced diet.
Few people eat fresh fruit each day, yet it s available at every supermarket.
Few people encourage using human labor to do work that can be done more efficiently by machinery.
Few people enjoy an assault on their senses.
Few people enjoy baby-proofing.
Few people enjoy being made to feel hopeless.
Few people enjoy being out of control at any age.
Few people enjoy being told what to do without the opportunity to influence the overall plan.
Few people enjoy confrontation, disagreement, or differences of opinion.
Few people enjoy direct confrontation, especially if they are out numbered by big, dumb animals.
Few people enjoy documenting.
Few people enjoy meeting strangers and fewer yet are comfortable asking questions.
Few people enjoy modern conveniences.
Few people enjoy reading on a computer monitor.
Few people enjoy singing and dancing more than Philly.
Few people enjoy the dentist.
Few people enjoy visits to the dentist.
Few people enter a Chinese restaurant with the intention of ordering pizza.
Few people enter politics to keep inflation low.
Few people escape getting soaked.
Few people escape worries and anxieties under conditions of modern civilization.
Few people expect anything like that to be repeated.
Few people expect high pay.
Few people expect such charges ever to be brought or, if brought, to succeed.
Few people expect that bill to survive intact.
Few people expect the cake to taste good, and it almost seems like a bonus when it does.
Few people expect the company to voluntarily break itself up.
Few people expect the government or the sponsors to give in to the protesters' demands.
Few people expect things to get that far, if only for political reasons.
Few people expect to find the same level of information on a studio site.
Few people experience all of the withdrawal symptoms listed.
Few people experience all three types of headaches.
Few people experience side effects, such as nasal stinging or burning.
Few people experience the frustrations and costs of frivolous lawsuits more than doctors.
Few people express their carbon footprint in kg carbon rather than kg carbon dioxide.
Few people face the fact that they are going to die one day.
Few people fail to respond to friendliness.
Few people fall in love with a textbook.
Few people fall into a good job.
Few people fear the sane.
Few people feel a similar revulsion when a lobster or a mud crab is boiled alive.
Few people feel any allegiance to any church body.
Few people feel anything during the procedure.
Few people feel comfortable speaking before an audience without something on paper.
Few people feel that the church fills the needs of their life experience.
Few people fertilize their lawn enough.
Few people fight for the consumer, the end-user, the sick and the confused.
Few people fight wars just to fight.
Few people find even that much.
Few people find gold by accident.
Few people find themselves faced with expensive medical costs.
Few people fit a formula.
Few people follow a single track focus throughout their careers, and change to new areas is common.
Few people gain more than one or two kilograms each year.
Few people get a chance to have a say.
Few people get active, so the ones who do really count.
Few people get into the print design business without some kind of professional qualification.
Few people get less excited about their national flag than the British.
Few people get one chance at stock car racing's elite, much less two.
Few people get such an opportunity.
Few people get that kind of opportunity.
Few people get the chance to pass on something so precious to their children.
Few people get the opportunity to see marine mammals and exotic or endangered animals in the wild.
Few people get the opportunity to touch and be loved by millions of people.
Few people get to discover a new star.
Few people get to do what they want to do in life.
Few people get to experience the sensation and freedom of flying.
Few people get to hear their own eulogy, yet alone deliver it.
Few people get to live and work in a place like Yosemite National Park for two decades.
Few people get to sample the fruit of the cacao tree.
Few people give any credence to the claims of such deniers.
Few people give it serious thought.
Few people give money without being asked.
Few people go all the way down without swinging when curling.
Few people go out any more, because their lives are linked into their computers.
Few people go out of their way to learn they have cancer.
Few people go that far.
Few people go there unless they work there, or are held there.
Few people go to hear opers, they go to see opera for the people on stage.
Few people go to the park when the weather is poor.
Few people grasp that today.
Few people grow out of peanut allergies, even in adulthood.
Few people grow up with the intention of assuming the profession.
Few people have a body that they feel is perfect.
Few people have a complete list of the contents of their home.
Few people have a fully formed political philosophy of their own, to which they stubbornly hold.
Few people have a huge wedding without making plans.
Few people have a relationship so clear that everything was dealt with.
Few people have a sense of exactness about the terms.
Few people have a vision, a reason, a why that is bigger than themselves.
Few people have a worse reputation with consumers than car dealers.
Few people have access to clean water and adequate sanitation.
Few people have access to psychological support.
Few people have access to that much produce, let alone that much storage space.
Few people have access to the Internet, and there is only a pilot intranet at the moment.
Few people have access to the right ingredients.
Few people have access to truly pure drinking water.
Few people have antibodies that are effective against the new virus.
Few people have any awareness of their values.
Few people have any idea of the effects of compound interest on population numbers.
Few people have any idea of the vast areas given over wholly to the cultivation of opium.
Few people have any perspective on life anymore.
Few people have any real idea.
Few people have any realization of the enormous power of ideas over the understanding.
Few people have any side effects or reactions to the vaccination.
Few people have anything at stake if a chemical gets banned before it is ever manufactured.
Few people have anything but praise for the president's gestures toward their city.
Few people have as wide a collection of bush tales and few know the East African bush as well.
Few people have both the money and free time to enjoy life.
Few people have broccoli on a daily basis.
Few people have cardinal traits.
Few people have challenges in all categories.
Few people have clear ideas what postmodernism is.
Few people have dental insurance policies, and most policies are extremely limited.
Few people have difficulty mastering quite complex skills, such as learning to drive.
Few people have enough cash saved for major purchases.
Few people have enough money to buy everything they want when they want it.
Few people have evidence of direct statements or policies that prove discrimination.
Few people have expertise for working directly with XML files.
Few people have expertise in doing a feasibility study.
Few people have faith in the system of elections to accurately reflect a majority decision.
Few people have good ideas.
Few people have intellectual curiosity of the scholarly sort.
Few people have it.
Few people have jobs, unemployment is rampant, and most of the people have a very limited education.
Few people have lives quite as interesting.
Few people have managed to witness alicorn gestation and birthing, so information is rather scarce.
Few people have more estate planning issues to deal with than the family business owner.
Few people have mortgages, and savings and tax avoidance levels are high.
Few people have only one fear regarding flying.
Few people have only ONE sexual partner in their life.
Few people have perfect bodies.
Few people have perfect running styles.
Few people have printers that do color management in hardware.
Few people have private insurance to cover the costs of long term care.
Few people have radically slow metabolisms, a rare medical condition.
Few people have side effects.
Few people have strong negative reactions to getting a questionnaire in the mail.
Few people have such highly specialized skills.
Few people have sufficient funds to pay cash for a house.
Few people have sufficient qualifications.
Few people have sufficient savings to self-insure against disability.
Few people have that confidence and credibility to do business over a handshake.
Few people have that much courage. . .
Few people have that opportunity.
Few people have that skill.
Few people have the ability to go shopping, choose a house and pay cash.
Few people have the ability to portray a woman in such a caring and well-rounded way.
Few people have the ability to project a big note and hold it.
Few people have the ability to weave a reality out of such a dream.
Few people have the bodies of magazine models.
Few people have the camera, the matching software, and the speed it takes to make it work.
Few people have the capacity to make things happen.
Few people have the drive to work hard and contribute if there is no reward.
Few people have the expertise or are willing to take the time required to make a good decision.
Few people have the fearlessness to ask the difficult questions, or to live without an answer.
Few people have the imagination for reality.
Few people have the knowledge it takes to raise, harvest, preserve and prepare the food they eat.
Few people have the misfortune to suffer such tribulations.
Few people have the necessary design and graphics skills.
Few people have the nerve to file a complaint and withstand the wrath of a public official.
Few people have the opportunity to own a horse, let alone take it for rides in the high country.
Few people have the privilege to devote their lives to something they love.
Few people have the required expertise.
Few people have the room to house such a large instrument.
Few people have the same proportions as the models used by the pattern companies.
Few people have the self-discipline to maintain responsible stewardship over increasing wealth.
Few people have the shape of fashion models or celebrities.
Few people have the skill to make tools without a tool support and in essence it's wasted effort.
Few people have the storage space.
Few people have the technical ability to assemble their own car.
Few people have the temerity to reach that far into the hoard of their rage.
Few people have the temperment for both.
Few people have the time or energy to go through the list.
Few people have the time or patience to learn of the trials and struggles in coming out of gayness.
Few people have the time or the stamina to tackle a whole route in one go.
Few people have the time to read long letters, unless they're from friends.
Few people have the time, desire, or expertise to do a complete financial plan for themselves.
Few people have the training of a hospice nurse.
Few people have the wisdom to make such determinations accurately.
Few people have their personal and financial affairs in good order.
Few people have time to do everything by themselves for a party.
Few people have time to stop and worry about the less fortunate.
Few people have to face the unpleasantness of killing their own hamburgers.
Few people have to live through a hijack drama.
Few people have to think twice about insuring valuable jewelry.
Few people have to work hard in order to have the basic necessities.
Few people have warm meals at lunch, most have their homemade matpakke.
Few people have what it takes to write songs, and even fewer are actually good at it.
Few people have.
Few people hear about accidents outside their community.
Few people hold their wealth in real estate today.
Few people hunt out in the bush anymore.
Few people improve for improvement's sake.
Few people intend to have crashes.
Few people invest in private medical insurance either with international companies or local.
Few people invest proper time, effort and money in developing staff.
Few people join the police in order to become regulation enforcers.
Few people keep the same physician throughout their adult life.
Few people know .
Few people know about it though.
Few people know about it, most people are afraid to experiment, and that makes it a tough sell.
Few people know about it.
Few people know about kiosk mode.
Few people know about self-directed IRAs.
Few people know about the museum, either.
Few people know anything of history and ignorance is bliss.
Few people know coyotes live in our city unless they have seen one.
Few people know exactly what they want.
Few people know exactly what to do when faced with the death of a loved one.
Few people know firsthand what it was like to live in a closed Moravian settlement.
Few people know foreign languages, most popular is English.
Few people know how close the industry has come on more than one occasion to disaster.
Few people know how good copper twisted pair is.
Few people know how high our suicide rate really is.
Few people know how much they use.
Few people know how relatively painless it is now to set up a wireless network.
Few people know how to actively listen.
Few people know how to be old.
Few people know how to listen.
Few people know how to take that first step on the road to a more active, healthy lifestyle.
Few people know it by heart.
Few people know it, but ducks have nursing homes too.
Few people know it, but the hotline's headquarters are in Austin.
Few people know less about what they are buying than when they walk into a jeweller's shop.
Few people know much about Haiti.
Few people know much about lighting, or even notice it.
Few people know much about the problems of brain injury.
Few people know of all the preparations and planning needed for such a rail excursion.
Few people know of that, at least amongst the youngsters.
Few people know precisely where to find their hip joint.
Few people know right from the start what they want to do with their lives.
Few people know that a certain bat species pollinates the cactus flower.
Few people know that a municipal judge is just a part time guy in a robe.
Few people know that birds play a vital role in the overall balance of the world's environment.
Few people know that oak woodlands once dotted northeastern Illinois.
Few people know that peyote is completely legal in Canada, as it has always been.
Few people know that several species of opossums and porcupines live in South America.
Few people know that Southeast Tennessee is host to the most diversified flora in the North America.
Few people know that the ambassador's son is actually the Antichrist.
Few people know that the cost of smoking is much higher than any revenue in taxes.
Few people know that the idea of testing students for college admission has Hispanic roots.
Few people know that there are hundreds of other top level domains available to use.
Few people know that they are the largest supplier of nuclear equipment in the world.
Few people know that.
Few people know the accident and the war reminiscence is fading out of people fs minds.
Few people know the corporate sponsors.
Few people know the depths of our obsession until they come into our homes.
Few people know the feeling of taper, and that's unfortunate.
Few people know the full history of that poem.
Few people know the real basis of their own religion.
Few people know the real dangers of toasters.
Few people know the true story of shahtoosh.
Few people know their agony.
Few people know there is a such a thing.
Few people know they are there or what they are there for.
Few people know they taste the air for evidence of food nearby.
Few people know what a litograph is, the execution method and the secrets for a good work.
Few people know what schizophrenia really is.
Few people know what they really sound like.
Few people know what to say.
Few people know what today is.
Few people know when there are only a few minutes left in their lives.
Few people know who own the mobile rides, much less the accident records of their equipment.
Few people know who they all are.
Few people know, but New Jersey and New York sit on a highly active earthquake zone.
Few people know.
Few people learn a word after having heard or used it only once.
Few people learn real decision making skills.
Few people leave the reservation.
Few people leave their houses unlocked or their cars running with the keys in the ignition anymore.
Few people leave unless they retire.
Few people like to be told they have to do something.
Few people like to believe that they are personally responsible for putting an innocent man in jail.
Few people like to contemplate their own death or disability.
Few people like to do that, because it means handling a pole.
Few people like to feel physically threatened by a stranger.
Few people like to go to the doctor to be examined.
Few people like to read wordy text.
Few people like to think of themselves as predators or, prey.
Few people like to view their past, their youth, as miserable.
Few people like to work as editors, because it means heavy mental work with few rewards.
Few people listen to more than two or three radio stations.
Few people live according to a budget, and consequently, most people are over their heads in debt.
Few people live along the way, yet the trail's new neighborhood is crowded.
Few people live by pure altruism.
Few people live in the bioregion and it is remote from main roads and other infrastructure.
Few people live in the bioregion and it is remote from main towns and other infrastructure.
Few people live in the high central mountains or the deserts in the south and southwest.
Few people live in the north central area of the state .
Few people live in the north central area of the state.
Few people live in the region.
Few people live off in the countryside by themselves.
Few people live that life anymore.
Few people live their entire lives in the towns or cities where they grew up.
Few people live there most live along the coast.
Few people live there.
Few people look at being a school superintendent like that.
Few people look for restaurants on the Web because other advertising mediums already work so well.
Few people look forward to entering a room full of strangers.
Few people look forward to meetings.
Few people look further than a page or two of search results on a regular basis.
Few people lose weight and keep it off without exercise.
Few people lose weight by just dieting or just exercising alone.
Few people love their accountants.
Few people love to do it initially.
Few people love traitors.
Few people make a contribution without being asked for it.
Few people make a purchase decision based only on condition.
Few people make it that far, even though there is new lighting and sometimes street parking.
Few people make it to retirement without needing regular medication of some kind.
Few people make it to the top if they speak in a high-pitched gabble.
Few people make money from responsible breeding.
Few people make that kind of contribution to the world.
Few people make the effort to understand it.
Few people make the time to find out what they are really good at.
Few people manage to actually fool anyone.
Few people manage to do it.
Few people manage to speak a foreign language like a native if they have learned it after puberty.
Few people mention that the administrative costs of managed care are high.
Few people mention that they have great ideas while at work.
Few people move from the old paradigm to the new.
Few people move here without knowing what to expect.
Few people move up the chain without an advanced degree.
Few people notice.
Few people open their computer's in box expecting to be given a screen full of abuse.
Few people oppose health care to children, poor or otherwise.
Few people own books other than the Bible.
Few people own cars, and a walk into town can be long and hot.
Few people own only one Golden.
Few people pay all their taxes at once.
Few people pay to download the rest.
Few people pay what's left of the Florida intangibles tax.
Few people penetrate to the roadless interiors of California's rugged coast ranges.
Few people perform surgery, file a lawsuit, conduct a funeral, or buy a home every day.
Few people place much hope in the upcoming parliamentary vote.
Few people plan to fail, but many people fail to plan.
Few people plan years ahead.
Few people posses the ability to exel when extreme circumstances occur.
Few people practise for a driving test just by reading a book.
Few people pray for love, the quality to be someone.
Few people pretend that giving up is easy - and our readers are no exception.
Few people print e-mail and fewer still maintain hardcopies in a file.
Few people print E-mail and fewer still maintain hardcopies in a file.
Few people question the value of the mechanisation of agriculture.
Few people quit.
Few people rank financial rewards as their top career motivator.
Few people reach college without taking at least one intelligence test.
Few people reach their ultimate goal with one large leap.
Few people react adversely to the calming presence of tropical foliage indoors.
Few people react well to walking fish women.
Few people read long posts.
Few people read many books.
Few people read well .
Few people realie that viable alternatives to conventional development exist.
Few people realise how much money is spent in a year feeding a family of four.
Few people realise some of the best fishing to be had can be inland.
Few people realise that in modern dairy systems cows are robbed of their calves soon after birth.
Few people realise that when they drop clothes off, they are supporting a cult.
Few people realise the economic distortions and devastation wrought by the arms race.
Few people realise the im- mensity of vacancy in which the dust of the material universe swims.
Few people realise the immensity of vacancy in which the dust of the material universe swims.
Few people realise the injury was deliberate.
Few people realise the link between tourism and human rights abuses.
Few people realise there is great rafting to be had within reach of Sydney and Melbourne.
Few people realize a barking dog is a lonely animal trying to communicate the one way it has left.
Few people realize at the age of eight that they are destined to become missionaries.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful adult site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful battery monitors site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful battery site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful big tits site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful bikini site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful contacts site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful erotic babes site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful erotic pictures site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful escort services site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful exotic dancers site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful industrial battery site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful monitors site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful naked girls site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful nice butts site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful power products site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful technology licensing site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful telecommunications site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful test and measurement site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful thermal runaway site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful toric contact lenses site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful ups site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful vrla batteries site.
Few people realize extensive knowledge is the main factor in a successful windsurfing stores site.
Few people realize how anti-Christian the dominant culture of West has become.
Few people realize how big the vault of the sky is.
Few people realize how dangerous a garden hose can be.
Few people realize how deeply local assumptions are built in to business software.
Few people realize how far along sail design has come in just the last few years.
Few people realize how fast memory fades.
Few people realize how important our individual personalities are to team functioning.
Few people realize how important search engines have become to any sense of order on the Web.
Few people realize how important the relationship is between their daily habits and their backpain.
Few people realize how important trapping of furbearing animals has been historically in Wisconsin.
Few people realize how invigorating and healing deep breathing can be - until they try it.
Few people realize how many hours go into the completion of every issue of The Reflector.
Few people realize how much language and word usage have changed.
Few people realize how much of a contribution proper seating position makes to safe driving.
Few people realize how much power a tractor can lose during field operation.
Few people realize how quickly the fluffy yellow down of chicks is replaced by feathers.
Few people realize how sweet the skiing and snowshoeing is in Southeast Idaho.
Few people realize how the business works and the opportunities available.
Few people realize how very dangerous it is to dabble in spiritualism.
Few people realize it, but leather is actually a by-product of meat production.
Few people realize it, but most metal bats are really highly manipulated, single-butted tubes.
Few people realize just how ancient frogs are.
Few people realize just how big tobacco is to France.
Few people realize just how chilly it gets late at night, even in summer.
Few people realize just how important the wild turkey was in our country's founding history.
Few people realize just how tenuous the thread that holds human life together really is.
Few people realize that an alternative once existed.
Few people realize that asthma is a lung disease which now has the potential to be cured.
Few people realize that Chile has an Atlantic coast.
Few people realize that collision repair technicians work with computers and high-tech equipment.
Few people realize that comic books originally began as reprints of newspaper comic strips.
Few people realize that earthworms are non-existent in the sterile soils of most modern farms.
Few people realize that E-mail can be intercepted by unauthorized sources.
Few people realize that falls are a leading cause of unintentional injury for children.
Few people realize that firefighters don t just sit around and wait for a call.
Few people realize that fishing activity is closely related to the quality of the environment.
Few people realize that floods, storms and power outages strand thousands of families each day.
Few people realize that herbal remedies work much better when the patient's pH is balanced.
Few people realize that humidity can change rapidly within hour.
Few people realize that large retirement plan assets are often taxed twice.
Few people realize that mosquitoes rely on sugar as their main source of energy.
Few people realize that most insurance policies cover chiropractic care.
Few people realize that now.
Few people realize that pure nicotine is actually quite deadly.
Few people realize that racewalking is a difficult technique that is very strenuous.
Few people realize that second hand ash is more dangerous to the smokers health.
Few people realize that slugs can hang by a thread made from dried mucus.
Few people realize that suffocation is the sixth largest cause of accidental death in the nation.
Few people realize that the debate actually pertains to everyone.
Few people realize that the forty niners had stripped the hillsides of any trees.
Few people realize that the Mad River Valley is the home of three of six highest peaks in Vermont.
Few people realize that the majority of the citizens of the Yucatan are still Mayan.
Few people realize that the United States is now taken over by commUNism.
Few people realize that the Village of Plover has had a recycling program for over twenty years.
Few people realize that there are hundreds of translations and versions of the Bible.
Few people realize that there's a cast member gift shop outside of the park.
Few people realize that they carry the virus.
Few people realize that vaccines are grown on monkey kidneys, mice brains and chicken embryos.
Few people realize that women' s convents by far outnumbered men's monasteries.
Few people realize that, every year, stroke kills twice as many women as breast cancer.
Few people realize that.
Few people realize the amount of stress our young people live with every day of their lives.
Few people realize the awesome power their subconscious mind has over their lives.
Few people realize the courage it takes for a woman to open a romance novel on a plane.
Few people realize the critical role that small business plays in our nation's economic health.
Few people realize the difficulties and hardships that excessively hairy gnomes face.
Few people realize the enormously disproportionate burden they carried.
Few people realize the extent of the Inca Empire.
Few people realize the extent to which education and training is already available online.
Few people realize the financial sacrifice it takes to train as a physician.
Few people realize the importance of industrial minerals in our everyday lives.
Few people realize the incredible pressures facing India's national parks and sanctuaries.
Few people realize the other opportunities for providing energy.
Few people realize the potential of the financial software and services available on their desktops.
Few people realize the sheer size of the South African game farming industry.
Few people realize the shortage of literature in China, particularly in the countryside.
Few people realize the size of the sweet cherry industry in Turkey.
Few people realize the staff and equipment that is needed to produce even the smallest newspaper.
Few people realize the suffering and pain of the civilians held captive in their own country.
Few people realize the true origins of some nicknames.
Few people realize the vapors from tile cement can be very explosive.
Few people realize they can make a difference themselves.
Few people realize what a bargain it is.
Few people realize what goes on behind the scenes during a disk read.
Few people realize what it is like to be in such a chamber.
Few people realize what kind of money allocations are involved in running a city.
Few people realize, however, what a valuable quality improvement tool it is.
Few people receive mail, and if they do, they have to pay the postage.
Few people recognize how important reefs are.
Few people recognize our faces anymore.
Few people recognize that forcing children into schools is coercion.
Few people recognize the complexities involved in planning and running a farm.
Few people recognize the real problem they face.
Few people recognize the term.
Few people recognize themselves as spirit, or understand the potentials of spirit.
Few people recommend adding anything but lemon to green teas.
Few people recycle and waste is enormous.
Few people regret giving up, unlike the millions who regret taking it up in the first place.
Few people relish a tie, but even fewer savor a loss.
Few people relish having to sit through long and drawn out meetings where little gets accomplished.
Few people relish having to sit through long, drawn-out meetings where little gets accomplished.
Few people relish the idea of studying snakes.
Few people remain consistently at the level of ceremony.
Few people remain ignorant of the U.S. women's soccer team's victory in the World Cup championship.
Few people remember details for very long.
Few people remember that a popular spring was once located here.
Few people remember that the story actually begins from somebody's point of view.
Few people remember their birthdays, so they celebrate in class.
Few people report the problem to a doctor.
Few people require much less.
Few people resent the intrusion of guard rails on a high, steep, or narrow bridge.
Few people rise to the ranks of global sports icon.
Few people save letters they receive.
Few people see any of the opposition parties as ready to govern the country.
Few people see interaction design as a career path, and precious little training is available.
Few people see it, other than occasional fishermen and joggers.
Few people see the astonishing selfishness of anger.
Few people see the danger.
Few people see the positive impacts, such as the commitments of many companies to volunteerism.
Few people see the shy nocturnal creatures.
Few people see themselves as just living to cause trouble.
Few people seek logging clearcuts as a place to hike, ride or drive.
Few people seek to become martyrs.
Few people seem able to treat their resources as a servant instead of a master.
Few people seem aware of just how limited our whole notion of rights is.
Few people seem concerned about the implications to America s wildlife and hunting heritage.
Few people seem ready to contemplate the idea of producing identical copies of human beings.
Few people seem to appreciate the mystical beauty of a swamp as much as canoeists do.
Few people seem to be conscious of such a thing as physical morality.
Few people seem to be hearing the message.
Few people seem to be listening to the bears.
FEW people seem to envision a true separation of synagogue and state along the American model.
Few people seem to have that capacity.
Few people seem to know about it.
Few people seem to know any atheists personally.
Few people seem to practice religion, or if they do, it is often for the wrong reasons.
Few people seem to realize how valuable salt is as a medicine.
Few people seem to sense any danger in demonizing a nation when that nation is German.
Few people seem to sign guestbooks anymore.
Few people seem to take the middle ground.
Few people seem to think of anything except how to follow fashion set by the media owners.
Few people seem to truly appreciate the sex appeal with which the gaming industry practically oozes.
Few people seem to understand that a high dribble is perfectly legal.
Few people seem willing to talk about what is happening.
Few people share the same comfort foods.
Few people shop by price only.
Few people sit at the counter anyway.
Few people smile.
Few people speak any of the indigenous languages or maintain a traditional lifestyle.
Few people speak English and in Jerez and Cadiz the accent is much stronger than Madrid.
Few people speak English outside hotels, big restaurants and tourist offices.
Few people speak English, even in hotels.
Few people speak English.
Few people speak languages other than English.
Few people speak Yiddish anymore.
Few people speaks English, which is mostly used on the Internet.
Few people spend large amounts of money on remodeling.
Few people spend their time looking for moths up in the trees.
Few people start smoking as adults.
Few people stay in the same job all of their working life.
Few people stay in the same job throughout their employable years.
Few people steeped in the business world also have online experience.
Few people stop to consider the downside of the technology.
Few people stop to think about how important steel is to our economy and to their everyday lives.
Few people succeed in preserving capital which is maintaining the value of savings in real terms.
Few people succeed the first time they try to quit smoking.
Few people surf the web just to check out the graphics.
Few people survive for more than three months after contracting the horrible disease.
Few people survive if caught in the path of a debris avalanche.
Few people survive long term.
Few people survive more than four years.
Few people survive the ordeal still on the bright side of the day.
Few people take a simple step to avoid lightning damage at home.
Few people take advantage of how easy it is to upgrade a modern modem.
Few people take advantage of the bar during the day, but it is open.
Few people take legal action when they are injured by products.
Few people take long afternoon siestas in North America, Northern Europe or Russia.
Few people take the time or effort to assess their local government.
Few people take the time to call or send a card or letter to recognize another person's efforts.
Few people take the time to follow through with their job search.
Few people take the time to read the whole text of the Constitution.
Few people take the trouble to go back to the source, and find out if that really was what happened.
Few people take their showers with their glasses on.
Few people take time to collect berries for jelly or wine, if they can find any.
Few people talk about that in any survey design.
Few people teach in the area known as Science and Religion.
Few people tend to be concerned with misdeeds that occurred long ago and involved personal behavior.
Few people tend to become addicted to ecstasy.
Few people test water after fatal shark attacks along Atlantic Coast.
Few people think about death, and many have trouble believing in resurrection.
Few people think about it, but it can make or break businesses.
Few people think about the harm to plants from litter.
Few people think about the messy aftermath of re-entering society.
Few people think about voting until election day.
Few people think keno is a sure way to make money.
Few people think more than two or three times a year.
Few people think of campus as more than just buildings and academics.
Few people think of children as being at risk for skin cancer.
Few people think of China as a desert nation, yet it is among the world's largest.
Few people think of coffee creamer as an unhealthy choice.
Few people think of golf as a strenuous sport.
Few people think of grieving a loss as hard work.
Few people think of seaweeds as beautiful.
Few people think of the time factor.
Few people think our society is doing a good job of preparing for the future.
Few people think that administrators, teachers, or teacher unions are the big culprits.
Few people think that normal-weight kids can have too much body fat.
Few people think that normal-weight kids can have unhealthy levels of body fat.
Few people think to look in the direction of the sun when they are viewing an ordinary rainbow.
Few people think to look there and even if they do, it is awkward to keep flipping back and forth.
Few people think Washington is Jewish.
Few people travel from hut to hut.
Few people travel on business voluntarily.
Few people travel.
Few people trust complete strangers.
Few people turn down a chance to get rich quickly.
Few people turn down the offer to go for the super sizes for just a few pennies more.
Few people understand and appreciate the legal underpinnings necessary for an organization to exist.
Few people understand and live sovereignty, therefore few know what they have lost.
Few people understand both the forefront of technology and the best ways of working with people.
Few people understand how devastating gambling addiction can be.
Few people understand how difficult it is to be a consultant over here.
Few people understand how important the fact that our houses are still around is to our alumni.
Few people understand how their work relates to the overall processes in which they participate.
Few people understand how to deal with embedded systems failures.
Few people understand magic.
Few people understand mercy.
Few people understand much about how it works, what it costs, or why.
Few people understand purchasing and playing a great guitar is a very personal experience.
Few people understand that government surpluses create savings, too.
Few people understand that the vast majority have no tax liability or filing requirement.
Few people understand that.
Few people understand the aestethic issues involved in designing a book.
Few people understand the demands on families caring for a child with a chronic illness.
Few people understand the depth of the history of the catapult.
Few people understand the dynamics of the customer experience.
Few people understand the Internet so it still has an aura of mystique around it.
Few people understand the meaning of love.
Few people understand the meaning of the anthraquinone complex in Aloe.
Few people understand the nature of the financing and benefit changes.
Few people understand the psychology of dealing with a highway traffic cop.
Few people understand the rhythms of life more than women.
Few people understand the theories and philosophy that uphold traditional naturopathy.
Few people understand what they write.
Few people understand whether they're getting competitive financial terms.
Few people use any other brain faculties than what is provided for by the neocortex.
Few people use good form.
Few people use it now .
Few people use it now.
Few people use it, however.
Few people use stacker now.
Few people use the beach during the week, but it's a popular retreat for the locals on the island.
Few people use the blowgun nowadays, however.
Few people use the Internet for much other than to occasionally check their e-mail.
Few people use the links provided in a guestbook to surf the web.
Few people use the trail to the top of Mount Taylor.
Few people use wireless Net services in the United States, however.
Few people view public higher education as a welfare program.
Few people view the prospect of having to resort to or to defend legal proceedings with enthusiasm.
Few people visit here.
Few people visit the small fishing villages of the north coast, but some are very pretty.
Few people visiting an animal shelter can resist the charms of a puppy.
Few people volunteer for the task.
Few people walk the dark streets.
Few people waste nerve-energy in one way only.
Few people watch the same documentary twice.
Few people welcome any kind of new tax, but some consumer opinion polls reveal otherwise.
Few people welcome junk mail but it is a free world.
Few people welcome spring more enthusiastically than convertible owners.
Few people win.
Few people wish to be a career consultant to just one industry for their entire career.
Few people wonder if locking an animal up is really for the welfare of the animal.
Few people work and businesses are closed.
Few people work at the same table from one day to the next.
Few people work in a vacuum.
Few people work well in all kinds of environments.
Few people work well in conditions of insecurity, and creative research work is no exception.
Few people write about chemistry for the public, few stories appear in the press.
Few people write perfectly the first time.
Few people write style sheets, but they are a good step forward.
Some few people have influence that lasts well beyond their time.
Some few people think it's fun to spam the poll with votes for one specific choice.
Few perennial vegetables grow in gardens.
Few perennials are less exacting in their demands or require less care.
Few perennials do well in wet, poorly drained soils.
Few performers are as honest and hardworking as Summer - or as good.
Few performers can smile while they sing.
Few performers earn their bow with more monomaniacal dedication.
Few performers go into the studio and re-record their first album almost thirty years later.
Few performers try harder than Streisand and just as few are as needy.
Few peripherals have USB ports.
Few persons are allergic to plants with bright, showy blooms like roses or tulips.
Few persons are well fed.
Few persons can decipher solitreo nowadays.
Few persons enter a nursing facility as a matter of choice.
Few persons get to know their neighbors and a sense of isolation prevails.
Few persons have higher uptake of mercury reported from their amalgam.
Few persons know how difficult it is for a woman to procure an education.
Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the among of laughter.
Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter.
Few persons realize the magnitude of the Bagdad campaign.
Few persons seem to have a good word to say for politics.
Few personnel hold law degrees and many personnel require specialized training.
Few pests affect the grasses, aphids being the most bothersome.
Few pests affect the herb family.
Few pests are so abundant, so content to feed on a variety of crops and so difficult to control.
Few pests attack the neem tree and most problems with neem are directly related to over watering.
Few pests bother daylilies.
Few pests bother grasses.
Few pests bother hardshells.
Few pests bother mint, although aphids and other soft-bodied pests can infest the leaves.
Few pests enjoy orchids.
Few pests evoke stronger revulsion than rodents.
Few pesticides are water soluble.
Few pesticides target one pest.
Few pets are as misunderstood as parrots.
Few pets get back home.
Some few philosophers propose solutions.
Few photos come from the developer with perfect contrast, color and brightness levels.
Few phrases inspire such frustration.
Few phrases signal how fast or slow, or loud or soft a text is to be read.
Few physicians ask their elderly patients about their exercise habits.
Few physicians have special training or expertise in caring for wounds.
Few physicians know the basic formulae of all their invalu- able drugs.
Few pianist can elicit such steady sparks from deep within a piano's soundboard.
Few pianists can elicit such steady sparks from deep within a piano's soundboard.
Few pianists do.
Few pianists have the resources to bring the composer's impossible writing to life.
Few pictures are of humans.
Few pieces implies many possible conclusions.
Few pipes have very smooth walls.
Few pistils are brown and withered, and resin production has just begun.
Few pitchers like to pitch inside because a slight mistake can mean a home run.
Few pitchers take the mound expecting to throw nine innings.
Few places accept oil, and if they do, the cost can be prohibitive.
Few places are as alive in the collective imagination as Egypt.
Few places are as comfortable as home.
Few places are as stunningly beautiful as the Pacific Northwest.
Few places are both as beautiful yet desolate, as the northern California coastline.
Few places are hotter and drier than here, in the Mojave Desert.
Few places are inherently suspicious.
Few places are more historically resonant, more mysterious or friendlier.
Few places are more ritualized than the office.
Few places are so ripe for exploration.
Few places are suitable for over-land ingress, runway landings or even vertical landings.
Few places are worse equipped to deal with a refugee crisis than Albania.
Few places can boast a culture of witchcraft as thriving and lucrative as Mexico's.
Few places can boast such a varied collection of superb coastal links as the east of Scotland.
Few places can boast such a wealth of folklore and legends.
Few places can claim to match it.
Few places can compare for total immersion in unabashed celebratory luxury.
Few places can match it.
Few places can match Oregon in summertime.
Few places can match the barren landscapes of the continent's deep center.
Few places can match the beauty of a salt marsh at sunset.
Few places can match the natural beauty, and non-stop entertainment of Myrtle Beach.
Few places can offer such serenity and privacy.
Few places compare to Bishop Bay.
Few places exist in which the power of design can be more keenly felt than in the workplace.
Few places get to be destinations.
Few places have as high a concentration of campuses and businesses catering to the college crowd.
Few places have modernity's hopes and contradictions played out more sharply than in the academy.
Few places have rain.
Few places have so much to offer the traveler, vacationer, or resident.
Few places have such beauty, majestic mountains, luscious valleys and rich flora and fauna.
Few places have the power to evoke such exotic imagery as the islands of Indonesia.
Few places have their original plaster covering and wall decorations.
Few places make it in-house, and often it's too gussied up.
Few places offer better stargazing, so bring along a Southern Hemisphere sky chart.
Few places offer roadside trash receptacles or even water drinking fountains.
Few places offer so much to do.
Few places offer such a wide range of natural characteristics and diversity.
Few places offer the variety of game available on our hunts.
Few places peak more curiosity than the Wilderness Area.
Few places provide such a wide range of experiences as the country's first national park.
Few places qualify better than the worksite on both counts.
Few places remain as they appeared a hundred years ago.
Most few places have rain.
Some few places have avalanches.
Some few places have wheelchairs.
Few plans are willing to cover therapies on an open-ended basis.
Few plans can address every issue in sufficient detail.
Few plans exist for the manufacturing sector, however, and dependence on imports continues.
Few plans get through the first look and even fewer end up being funded.
Few plans provide such a complete set of information.
Few plans survive their first contact with reality.
Few planners are golden-tongues orators, but everyone can learn effective presentation skills.
Few planners get to work with the best of the best.
Few plant grow under beech trees .
Few plant grow under beech trees.
Few plants are able to grow in constantly soggy soil.
Few plants are as easy to cultivate as firecracker plant.
Few plants are as efficient at disbursing pollen.
Few plants are as rewarding as perennials, the flowers that keep on giving year after year.
Few plants are fatal to humans, but a number of common plants are toxic to a lesser extent.
Few plants are more significant to man, both for good and for evil, than the opium poppy.
Few plants are more versatile than honeysuckle.
Few plants are so diverse in flower and form, and yet so easy to grow and so adaptable.
Few plants ask so little and give so much as the lily, a perennial truly worthy of admiration.
Few plants can last long in soil which has dried out completely.
Few plants can survive low light, poor soils of forest floor.
Few plants can survive the violent water in the brook.
Few plants can tolerate constantly wet soil.
Few plants carry out tertiary treatment.
Few plants create color in a winter landscape better than pansies.
Few plants deliver as many practical benefits as vines.
Few plants develop roots as rapidly as chrysanthemums.
Few plants do well with so little light.
Few plants exude elegance like boxwood.
Few plants flower in the upland woods during the summer, although lopseed is fairly common.
Few plants give the sense of contentment inspired by well-tended vines.
Few plants grow here.
Few plants grow in deserts because there is so little rainfall.
Few plants grow in the desert, except near oases, where the date palm tree is common.
Few plants grow on the forest floor because almost no sunlight reaches here.
Few plants grow on the forest floor where little sunlight reaches.
Few plants grow on the shady, infertile forest floor.
Few plants grow there as the land there is dry.
Few plants grow where a pine tree has shed it's needles.
Few plants have a greater array of folk medicine uses.
Few plants have as fascinating or as long a history as the ginkgo tree.
Few plants live on sandy shores between the levels of high and low tide.
Few plants make their way into the history books with as much controversy as cannabis.
Few plants offer such variation in flower color, growth habit, leaf pattern, and scent.
Few plants take heat better.
Few plants tolerate low-light conditions for extended periods.
Few plants use only one type of reproduction exclusively.
Few plantings liven the landscape.
Few platforms have the ability to sustain e-commerce like a mainframe.
Few players are better at coming off long layoffs.
Few players are excellent first referees.
Few players are truly unique, changing the way their sport is played with their singular skills.
Few players bother wearing their national colors.
Few players can afford to buy their own bats.
Few players can guarantee top performances wherever they go.
Few players chosen in the second round get guaranteed contracts.
Few players come into the season with their arms in shape.
Few players have the ability to take over a game.
Few players maintain such perseverance for so long.
Few players possess that.
Few players reach that goal, of course.
Few players throw the inside out backhand well.
Few pleasures can rival that of smoking a fine,premium cigar.
Few pods contain seeds.
Few poets are expert at marketing their own work without help.
Few poets are real.
Few poets love the world.
Few points are for hitting wall.
Few poisons are more rapidly lethal.
Few policies deal with the quality and appropriate training of teaching personnel.
Few policies provide such coverage.
Few politicians are capable of thinking beyond the next election or two.
Few politicians are eager to step forward on the proposal, for fear of looking self-serving.
Few politicians are willing to do that, for what was perceived as a minor project.
Few politicians are.
Few politicians can ever hope to top that.
Few politicians have a psychological time horizon that extends beyond the two-year election cycle.
Few politicians have a willingness to face such choices.
Few politicians have such ability, to be so creatively blunt and still accomplish their goals.
Few politicians understand that.
Few population based surveys endeavor to collect premium information.
Few positions come with sufficient power or resources to get the job done.
Few possessions are more intimate than one's books.
Few practices are as fiercely opposed or defended as abortion.
Few practices are as powerful and have such a potential for causing change.
Few practitioners are guiltless in the blatant charm department.
Few practitioners believe that the basic legal questions are settled.
Few practitioners carry out interpretation of visual examinations only.
Few practitioners have the time or inclination to become truly proficient.
Few practitioners have the time, skills, or background to adequately assess the quality of research.
Few preachers preach through the whole Bible systematically.
Few preachers use aids in their preaching.
Few predators are able to catch an adult wild turkey.
Few predators can negotiate the unstable mud and slippery, poky mangrove roots.
Few predators can successfully challenge a healthy, adult moose.
Few predators dare tackle an adult heron, especially one of the larger species.
Few predators lurk in weedlines while prey abounds.
Few predicaments cry out for competition more.
Few pregnancies result from incestuous relationships.
Few presentations are as efficient and easy to use at such a wide variety of speeds and depths.
Few presentations can offer more.
Few prey can escape a badger once it moves into a neighborhood and sets to work.
Few priests are ready to speak publicly about the book.
Few principles are more basic to our notions of freedom and human rights than school integration.
Few printers are dual-voltage.
Few printers offer fine letterpress anymore.
Few prisons are as small as ships.
Few prisons have it.
Few prisoners escape and almost all have been caught before they can commit a violent crime.
Few prisoners escape torture and ill-treatment.
Few prisoners survive.
Few problems are as vexing for urban governments as growing traffic congestion.
Few problems are beyond the scope of the unit .
Few problems are difficult.
Few problems arouse as much intensity as money problems.
Few problems consume more resources and present a greater challenge to the nation.
Few problems have no solution.
Few problems have such winning solutions.
Few problems require such wide scale cooperation as climate change.
Few problems tear our community more profoundly, for example, than abortion.
Some few problems occur in mechanics.
Few processes are as damaging to the global climate as aluminium smelting.
Few processes are as vital for life as respiration.
Few producers appreciate the benefits of crop rotation.
Few producers have an understanding of hedging or how it can help profitability.
Few producers plan on swathing new crop late week if weather forecasts are favorable late week.
Few producers receive labour assistance from relatives or friends in the fields.
Few producers use calving lots, calving pens, or covered sheds or barns for calving.
Few products are as open to debate on quality and price.
Few products are as versatile as brushstrip - or as relevant to the railway industry.
Few products are truly new to the world, but there are products that create new categories.
Few products can currently help the blind to navigate through an unknown environment.
Few products can illustrate such natural beauty with strength of application.
Few products contain so many active ingredients, requiring a highly complex manufacturing process.
Few products dominate a market for long.
Few products offer so much hope to so many.
Few products offer so much promise for bettering the general human condition.
Few products offer such database-specific advice.
Few professions allow the opportunity for creativity found in the fabrication shop.
Few professions are as information-intensive as law.
Few professions are less reliable than acting.
Few professions are more involved in the information onslaught than the medical field.
Few professions are so closely and continually examined and monitored.
Few professions combine such diversity with the opportunity for personal creativity.
Few professions demand so much of their members as does business.
Few professions encompass such a broad range of activities and utilize so many skills.
Few professions have such an opportunity each day.
Few professions have.
Few professions offer as many diverse career prospects as does law.
Few professions offer the same opportunities as real estate sales.
Few professions require as much versatility as supervision.
Few professions require such an extended background.
Few professions reward workers merely for showing up.
Few professions take deadlines more seriously than the news business.
Few professionals seek out specialized training in taxpayer rights defense.
Few professors can resist a strong case from a good student.
Few professors provide study guides.
Few programs address barrier removal and home retrofit for seniors and other disabled persons.
Few programs allow for salary or disability payments during recovery from uncomplicated pregnancy.
Few programs are able to compete so successfully in both formats.
Few programs are as storied as North Carolina.
Few programs are available to help elementary age youth deal with the effects of divorce.
Few programs are written, released, and left alone.
Few programs arrange for private accommodations.
Few programs can boast such constant athletic achievement.
Few programs can match the density of rubbish or the rapidity with which it is presented.
Few programs contain such a tripartite bundle of strengths.
Few programs define how to evaluate the technical competency of their residents.
Few programs do more than line the pockets of consultants and image-doctors.
Few programs exist that are specially targeted to the teen-ager.
Few programs exist to assist inmates as they adjust to life outside the prison walls.
Few programs exist which address children's problems in Kenya.
Few programs extend beyond elementary school.
Few programs feature an anti-violent theme.
Few programs function as prescribed.
Few programs give older adults a place to go overnight.
Few programs have guidelines broad enough to serve low and moderate income families.
Few programs inspire as much public hatred as foreign aid.
Few programs offer immediate profitability, minimal capital investment and new market opportunities.
Few programs provide an ongoing stream of benefits that are so easy to achieve.
Few programs receive even one, much less two commendations.
Few programs require so many different screens.
Few programs run their course without alteration.
Few programmes use computers to prepare and grade exams or for academic research.
Few programmers get things right the first time.
Few programmers have the ability to accurately chart local sales.
Few projects are as fundamental to the long-term health and sustainability of our city.
Few projects are no-brainers.
Few projects can foresee every requirement during the analysis process.
Few projects have an integrated learning, visibility and replicability.
Few projects start with sub-project groups working in isolation and ignorance of the whole.
Few projects succeed without a proven process with effective techniques, and a skilled mentor.
Few projects trade on their net present value, they trade on market perception.
Few prospects are as appealing as a temporary escape from the school grounds in balmy weather.
Few protections exist for the time and money a company puts into creating a database.
Few proteins are enzymatic.
Few protesters offer a clear account of the new world order they seek.
Few protocols exist for the soft real time environment.
Few providers can spend that much time with each patient.
Few providers deliver reliable solutions for both needs.
Few providers deliver reliable solutions to both needs.
Few providers exist that can provide reliable free Internet access with no banners.
Few providers offer surgical abortions in rural Washington.
Few provisions tax involuntary actions or events.
Few psychoanalysts believe that today.
Few pubs can claim a genuine place in history.
Few publications are as filled with visceral hatred as The New Republic .
Few publications are as filled with visceral hatred as The New Republic.
Few publications can be everything to everybody.
Few publications can do the funny thing, can make a joke sing - effortlessly .
Few publications exist in English on the land- forms in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Few publications give their theater critics room enough to develop their views or forge an argument.
Few publishers are likely to laugh.
Few publishers have garages large enough to hold many years worth of records.
Few publishers operate systems that track and provide accountability, a key promotion strategy.
Few pundits see a bright side.
Few puppies can match the chocolate box appeal of an eight-week old beagle.
Few pursuits are more inspiring than enhancing the quality of life for people throughout the world.
Few pursuits can ignite a passion like fishing.
Few putter start current and valuable, neither field remain that.
Few quarterbacks succeed immediately.
Few queries incorporate advance search techniques, and when they are used many mistakes result.
Few questions are more hotly debated.
Few questions are more important for the study of Bible prophecy.
Few questions are more important to parents of preschool children.
Few questions are more important today.
Few questions are so little understood.
Few questions ask about facts, details, or definitions.
Few questions draw more animated responses from the area's entrepreneurs.
Few questions elicit answers as diverse as that of what diversity itself means.
Few questions ignite the imagination quite like that one.
Few questions involve in-depth analysis.
Few questions keep recurring so it is short.
Few questions loom larger in space science today.
Few questions require simple recall of medical facts.
Few questions solicit such little response.
Few questions test for surface meaning or factual details.
Few races are competitive.
Few radicals have good digestions.
Few rallies go beyond three strokes.
Few rankings consider how active the school is in fostering relationships during B-school.
Few reactions are endothermic .
Few readers are inclined to purchase or study a volume of church proceedings.
Few readers are likely to read it in page order from one end to the other.
Few readers have the time to read all of the stories in the paper.
Few readers visit a site more than once a day.
Few reagents are able to activate or displace chloride or bromide from such compounds.
Few rebels can overturn authority on their own.
Few records aimed at a popular audience are so relentlessly serious.
Few records are available due to the age of most projects.
Few records are in electronic format because of the high cost of conversion.
Few records are now available in Russia.
Few records are worth preserving forever.
Few records contain every field.
Few records exist from the intervening period.
Few records offer more joie de vivre.
Few records remain of the ceiling's former splendour.
Few records reveal as many details about individuals and families as do the federal censuses.
Few records shed as much light on individuals, families and communities as census records.
Few recordings exist that show the variations of music for each group.
Few recreations offer quite the range of experiences as does cycling in and around Austin.
Few recruiters read online r sum s when hunting for candidates to fill a job opening.
Few recruiters seek out MBAs primarily for environmental management skill sets.
Few references exist on the net.
Few regions are satisfied with how they are portrayed.
Few regions can boast of so much talent concentrated into such a small area from so early on.
Few regions can offer business migrants such a one-off opportunity.
Few regions face the future with so many assets.
Few regions hold as much promise as our own hemisphere.
Few regions pack such a variety of trails into an area crossable by a two-hour drive.
Few relationships are able to survive an abortion.
Few relationships can stand the strain of such a process.
Few relics are as revered as the two sculpted bronze heads formed from Stalin's death mask.
Few religions have their beginnings in America.
Few remnants remain of that venerable route, which brought settlers and militia west.
Few reports address the outcome of pregnancies complicated by accidental vaccination.
Few reports are available on the infestation of the gastric mucosa.
Few reports link cystic ovaries and nutrition.
Few reporters are there that day.
Few reporters can get through an introduction or an interview without seeking refuge in stereotypes.
Few reporters hunt alone.
Few reporters know that many police receive formal interrogation training.
Few reporters understand how DNA works, but they write about cloning.
Few reptiles live in salt marsh habitats.
Few reptiles occur live in the brackish, transitional environment known as the salt marsh.
Few researchers accept the antecessor taxon, instead considering the material heidelbergensis .
Few researchers are business people.
Few researchers are skilled in the nuances of micromechanics.
Few researchers choose their fields of study freely and according to scientific criteria.
Few researchers have the time to survey the results lists extensively.
Few researchers interpret ambiguous findings in the same way.
Few researchers question that life is hardy, and that it can hang on for a very, very long time.
Few residents are completely dependent on staff for performance of an activity.
Few residents claim signs of improvement yet.
Few residents know how to get ready to find a job, and most start late.
Few residents know of the Native American settlements in the area.
Few residents own a lawnmower.
Few residents read publications like the City Record.
Few residents see psychiatrists more than once every three months.
Few resources are as important as our sources of drinking water.
Few resources are as informative as the Internet.
Few resources are available to smaller companies.
Few resources exist for economic development initiatives in many reservation communities.
Few resources match census records for specific information on a family or household.
Few respondents are opposed to expansion, but several wonder if it is feasible.
Few respondents volunteer answers and even fewer give accurate replies.
Few restaurants can count a high-ranking papal emissary as a regular customer.
Few restaurants find success in the middle of the road.
Few restaurants have a better selection of half bottles on their wine list.
Few restaurants have a dress code.
Few restaurants have much in the way of no-smoking areas.
Few restaurants offer it.
Few restaurants require a jacket and tie to be worn.
Few restaurants require jacket and tie.
Few restaurateurs can claim to have been invited to town.
Few restrictions apply.
Few restrictions exist on how the property over a closed landfill can be used.
Few retailers accept personal checks, and no one wants to send cash through the mail.
Few retailers are more adept at running numbers than catalogers.
Few retailers have well-defined career paths for MBAs, and few recruit on campus.
Few retirees have the desire, or the resources, to foot the bill for their health care on their own.
Few retorts deflect taunting better than agreeing with whatever the teaser is saying.
Few reviews recommend products purely based on a benchmark or specification.
Few reviewers know the audience thoroughly.
Few reviewers mention demonstrable factual errors.
Few revolutions succeed, and even fewer last.
Few rewards exist for the time consuming task of maintaining the course.
Few rewards occur when the test results for an anaerobic threshold are read.
Few riders can afford to devote all of their time to amateur competition due to the great expense.
Few riders manage to stay on for the eight seconds required for a score.
Few rifles arrive for diagnosis.
Few rivals exist with sufficient power to offer the dragon anything resembling sport.
Few rivers flow into the Pacific Ocean since it is bordered by mountains.
Few rivers flow through the town.
Few rivers have a long term record of steady flow in the rock record.
Few rivers possess the special characteristics to qualify.
Few rivers remain as pristine or as little explored.
Few roads are suitable for all-weather driving.
Few roads exist, and the weather is often severe.
Few roads have such storied histories.
Some few roads are quite unsuitable because they are too steep, too narrow or too busy.
Few roadways are really safe.
Few roasters make a point of selling estate coffees as part of their marketing plan.
Few robbers are good shots.
Few rodents escape being dug out.
Few romances feature a strong evocative use of setting.
Few roofers are surprised at polyiso's continued popularity.
Few rooms are with view on the monuments.
Few roses are easier to grow.
Few rowers have a lot of flesh as padding and the major support is the skin.
Few rules apply.
Few rules exist and everyone is trying to dunk.
Few rules exist and little standardization has surfaced.
Few rules exist.
Few Rules Explains the basic rules of the sport.
Few rules guide police in vehicular pursuits of pedestrians.
Few runners use trails rough enough to warrant the expense.
Few sailors know their boat as well.
Few saints seem to realize what a powerful part they play in our experience today.
Few salons are baby-proof.
Few salsas are too far off the mark.
Few scales are as insidious or as destructive as the obscure scale.
Few scanners do such a good job of meeting the needs of both beginners and sophisticated users.
Few scenes are as heartbreaking to a railroad enthusiast as the destruction of a depot.
Few scenes are as touching and heartwarming as the awards presentations at the Olympic games.
Few scenes last much more than a minute.
Few schemes recognise same-sex partners.
Few scholars are able to use Arabic, French, English, and Italian at such a level.
Few scholars are willing to evaluate the consequences of divorce for fear of treading on raw wounds.
Few scholars have the opportunity to visit Mount Athos.
Some few scholars interpret the words as an authorization of the service which is about to follow.
Few schools are so open and responsive to suggestions and concerns.
Few schools are so rich in cultural diversity.
Few schools can offer good teaching.
Few schools can offer such a proud history, as well as a dynamic future.
Few schools can say that.
Few schools have a better pair.
Few schools have an explicit curriculum to show students how to think critically about visual data.
Few schools have guards during the day.
Few schools have gyms.
Few schools have the budget to spend that much on classroom software.
Few schools have the funding to hire technical staff.
Few schools have the necessary CD-ROM equipment to allow students to prepare properly for the test.
Few schools have the record of training of boys and girls for rural life and home making.
Few schools have the resources for that kind of interactive experience.
Few schools have the resources to provide sufficient individual guidance for all of their students.
Few schools invest in the safety training needed.
Few schools offer a total package of tuition, fees, books, room, and board.
Few schools offer adequate after-school programs.
Few schools offer more than two subjects at AS-level.
Few schools offer such a proud history, as well as a dynamic future.
Few schools post daytime guards.
Few schools require many courses beyond the first year.
Few schools require ties to be worn at school.
Few schools see environmental and social topics as central lessons for business managers.
Few schools teach personal finance and investing.
Few schools teach production accountability in graphic design.
Few schools use the traditional styles of marching anymore.
Some few schools require specific biology courses.
Few schoolteachers have any background in astronomy, and astronomy teaching.
Few scientist can identify the peak of their careers with such precision.
Few scientists discover importance.
Few scientists dispute global warming.
Few scientists get the chance, at a relatively young age, to open up vast new areas of research.
Few scientists pay attention.
Few scientists recognize or understand the phenomenon of control.
Few scientists seek to publish negative results.
Few scientists take discoveries.
Few scientists think of agriculture as the chief, or the model science.
Most few scientists discover importance.
Most few scientists pay attention.
Most few scientists take discoveries.
Some few scientists realize flaws.
Some few scientists stand on decks.
Some few scientists stand on outer decks.
Few seats are still available for registration.
Every few seats are vacate except for the passenger's clothing, wedding ring or watch.
Few secrets survive.
Few sections are open yet, and most are privately owned.
Few seeds rot in the desert environment, but many are lost to seed predators, particularly rodents.
Few seedlings are actually present in blackbrush stands.
Few seedlings can match beans for the sheer power to enter the above-ground world.
Few seedlings reach more than a few inches in height.
Few sellers know what price to ask or what the trade offs are between cash and terms.
Few sellers receive exactly the terms they ask for on the first offer.
Few Senators tend to be around to answer to their name at precisely the right place in the alphabet.
Few seniors can afford private long-term care insurance.
Few senses are capable of outperforming the olfactory senses of wild animals.
Few sensations can compare to the ecstasy of resistance or rebellion, when they are heart-felt.
Few sensations can compare.
Few sensations can compete with it.
Few sentences come out perfectly the f irst time they are written.
Few sequels live up to the originals.
Few series are mutually exclusive.
Few sermons come to the preacher on the wings of inspiration.
Few sermons mention it.
Few services are available but the wildlife is abundant.
Few services are available for LGBT victims.
Few services are available for people with special needs or poor English language skills.
Few services are more important than connectivity when it comes to making the Internet run.
Few services are willing to export such transaction control in a loosely-coupled system.
Few services can build big audiences more quickly than chat.
Few services exist in the juvenile justice system that addresses mental health issues.
Few shooters understand the fickle behavior of the shotgun with various loads.
Few shootings are for a good reason.
Few shops can open for fear of looting.
Few shops stay open at lunch time.
Few shows are chillier than the one produced by elly.
Few shows can hold an audience s attention from the second it begins till the second it ends.
Few shows make so clear the relations between ideas and the physical properties of visual media.
Few shrews survive a second winter.
Few shrubs offer brown tones in the landscape.
Few sights are as awe-inspiring, as the ground shakes and rumbles with the force of the water.
Few sights are as magnificent as seeing the waters of the Zambezi pour into the huge chasm below.
Few sights are as mesmerizing as watching the creation of glass.
Few sights are as surreal as lightning flashes being reflecting off the snowscape.
Few sights are more beautiful than a star filled sky.
Few sights reveal nature's power as clearly as rapids in a fast-flowing river.
Few signs are in English and few residents can speak foreign languages.
Few simulations are available.
Few singers can really control themselves through the long, slow phrases.
Few sitcoms can offer better laugh lines.
Few sites allow visitors a way to buy music and download it directly to their hard drive.
Few sites appear completely in the vernacular.
Few sites are available for residential development.
Few sites are available on the web to help students and young postdoctoral researchers.
Few sites are doing a good job when it comes to personalization, analysts say.
Few sites bother to put a ramp for the disabled to their front door.
Few sites can be so close to so many places.
Few sites can boast great content, great design, great functionality and great usability.
Few sites can survive from advertising revenue alone.
Few sites choose top-level links well.
Few sites compile or index law firm newsletter articles.
Few sites have a training officer.
Few sites have journal issues going back more than two or three years.
Few sites have such a strong online brand and identity.
Few sites have well-placed links to an index or overall map, adding to the confusion.
Few sites obtain licenses to sell drugs in the states where their customers reside.
Few sites shows bleeding following pocket probing.
Few situations are more chaotic than being pregnant and having to eat nutritiously.
Few situations justify killing someone.
Few situations lend themselves to blind evaluation.
Few ski doo snowmobiles to keen, limited survey want an yes snow near any card.
Few skiers are truly able to look smooth in the bumps.
Few skills are as easy to improve and as powerful in results, as effective public speaking skills.
Few skills are as important as writing-few are as complex and difficult to master, as well.
Few skins are in museum collections.
Few skipjacks operate commercially except in the tourist trade.
Few slogans are healthy and help in coping well.
Few smells are worse than cat urine in carpet.
Few smells can beat that of bread fresh out of the oven.
Few smokers are able to quit on the first try.
Few smokers begin after adolescence.
Few smokers enter into formal programs.
Few smokers know their own cigarettes have filter vents.
Few smugglers remain outside the system.
Few snowmobiles pretend sorry before cruel, however wheat work something.
Few societies are immune to such child abuse.
Few societies encourage their married women to live in the same way as they did before they married.
Few societies exhibit such national pride.
Few societies have ombudsmen or other governmental bodies to facilitate preventive action.
Few soils can withstand traffic without becoming severely compacted.
Few soils weather directly from the underlying rocks.
Few soldiers find the educational opportunities the military claims to provide.
Few solutions are truly horizontal.
Few sons attain the praise Of their great sires, and most their sires disgrace.
Few songs adhere to strict meter.
Few songs are important enough to merit their own websites.
Few songs sell well at retail without it.
Few sounds are intrinsically unpleasant.
Few sounds are more distinct or more wild.
Few sounds are more soothing than waves crashing against the shore.
Few sources are as comprehensive or easy to use.
Few sources are richer for historians than military archives.
Few sources do retrospective coverage, i.e. indexing the literature before the index began.
Few spaces are hospitable to pedestrians and invite people to linger and interact.
Few spammers are really anonymous, even if they use fake email addresses.
Few sparrows survive in the wild past their fifth season.
Few speakers realise how little an audience can actually absorb in a presentation.
Few speakers use question and answer sessions effectively.
Few specialists doubt Cambodia now has Asia's highest infection rate.
Few specialties offer so many options.
Few species are abundant.
Few species are capable of domestication.
Few species are considered to be cannibals in that they prey on other caterpillar species.
Few species are known.
Few species are less, several are more.
Few species are more social than pigs.
Few species are thought to have been evolved symbiotic and sponging relationships.
Few species are very poisonous and only two, both African tree snakes, are dangerous to humans.
Few species are widespread.
Few species can withstand continual disturbance or habitat destruction.
Few species exhibit such a mating system.
Few species fly at night, but some do.
Few species live in really putrid media.
Few species match tilapias in terms of their potential to become the cultured fish of the future.
Few species reproduce by cloning.
Few species use all the patches of a landscape.
Few species venture much beyond the riparian zone.
Few specifics are known regarding the ontogeny of the vampire squid.
Few specimens are available, mostly captured in piffall traps.
Few specimens occur inland.
Few spectators care to see first hand what once was considered a form of live entertainment.
Few spectators realize that the sport involves a year-round training program.
Few spiders bite people and the venom of most is harmless.
Few sports allow athletes to relate so freely with nature as cross country.
Few sports allow girls and women the spotlight in the center of the arena the way riding does.
Few sports are as identifiable with the region or as important to the people who live here.
Few sports are as physically demanding to the entire body as rowing.
Few sports are more popular today than the bashing and the trashing of politicians.
Few sports can be as physically and mentally demanding as competition aerobatics.
Few sports can provide as much low-cost winter fun as a traditional wood toboggan.
Few sports demonstrate the potential of the human body as well as the sport of triathlon.
Few sports develop programs covering the whole spectrum.
Few sports have a heritage as rich as thoroughbred racing.
Few sports have such extreme odds with absolute punishment for error.
Few sports have the kind of history and tradition that hockey does.
Few sports provide the variety of benefits that gymnastics does.
Few sports require the combination of twisting running cutting and jumping involved in basketball.
Few spots vol.
Some few spots become bruise.
Some few spots become small bruise.
Few sprigs parsley Put water in a saucepan, add rock salt and bring to boil.
Few stadiums have as many bells and whistles.
Few staff tend to search regularly.
Few stains are tougher to remove from carpet than red wine.
Few stalkers can see how their actions are hurting others.
Few stamp keep extremely, likewise either trip to no sack begin.
Few stands remain.
Few standards are available for judging what is an acceptable quantity of mold.
Few standards exist for such networks, however.
Few stars exist above the white dwarfs and to the left of the main sequence.
Few stars form first as giants rather than main sequence stars.
Few stars have the willpower to resist the racket.
Few stars look as good in person as they do on screen.
Few startups can boast a more technologically elite group of friends.
Few states add value to agricultural commodities better than Pennsylvania.
Few states adopt a neutral posture.
Few states are as rugged as West Virginia.
Few states are as well-trodden by horses as New Mexico.
Few states are better suited for it than Arkansas.
Few states are better suited for such a program.
Few States are racially or ethnically homogenous today.
Few states are willing to input cases dating back that far, or even just as far back as a few years.
Few states ask, let alone track, parents' reasons for home schooling.
Few states boast more wildlife refuges, some scarcely larger than a pothole.
Few states can boast a history with such high drama and epic sweep.
Few states can boast six of the seven life zones on earth.
Few states can boast such a varied landscape as Oregon.
Few states can boast the outdoor resources around the Denver metro area alone.
Few states can claim such a distinctive past.
Few states can even begin to rival the wealth of trout and salmon that California enjoys.
Few states can match New York's funding for education.
Few states can match the complexity of the environment of higher education in New York.
Few states can match the diversity of Missouri.
Few states can match the quality of a Maine hunt.
Few states carry out a formal judicial process.
Few states come close to the value-added ideal that researchers utilize.
Few states come even close.
Few states enforce the regulations.
Few states have a faster growing population of older adults.
Few states have any gift tax at all.
Few states have comprehensive health privacy laws.
Few states have effective, independent bodies to monitor how inmates are treated.
Few states have incarceration rates that rank so much higher than their crime rates.
Few states have legal guidelines about alimony.
Few states have mandatory universal garbage collection.
Few states have more than a few dozen people regulating securities on their payroll.
Few states have more than ten classes using the program each year.
Few states have only the standard diploma available to students.
Few states have prevention policies and programs aimed at unmarried adults.
Few states have rules prohibiting or regulating electronic filing.
Few states have such good computerized records.
Few states have the juvenile drug court model.
Few states have the resources to carefully scrutinize charitable groups.
Few states have.
Few states match the rich variety of fish populating New Jersey s bays, inlets and ocean front.
Few states offer as much natural beauty, recreation and history as North Carolina .
Few states offer as much natural beauty, recreation and history as North Carolina.
Few states publish committee reports or hearings.
Few states regulate check-cashing services, so fees can vary widely.
Few states rely on such taxes, and they are of course difficult to pass.
Few states remain with sidepath law in place.
Few states report outcome data for students with disabilities.
Few states report soil moisture during the winter months.
Few states require even a high school education for preschool teachers, for example.
Few states require special training for police supervisors.
Few states require that all counties use the same kind of voting machine.
Few states send more winter tourists to Mazatlan than Minnesota.
Few states share a common steel heritage like Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio.
Few statistics are available comparing men's and women's work schedules.
Few statistics are available on North Korea.
Few statisticians object to model-based analysis of balanced randomized experiments.
Few stings are fatal to the mule.
Few stings are fatal, but allergic reactions can happen.
Few stocks rise during bear times.
Few stones remain.
Few stores are likely to make the transition.
Few stores carry more than one or two brands of yarn.
Few stores carry summer items past midsummer here.
Few storms bring snowfalls to interior regions.
Few stories are as compelling as that of the birth of the United States of America.
Few stories are available about successful women.
Few stories are more inspiring.
Few stories are to be found today in the annual meetings of the denominations or other faith groups.
Few stories belong exclusively to the culture where they are found.
Few stories rival It s a Wonderful Life when it comes to examining the human heart.
Few stories start at the beginning.
Few strands saffron.
Few strangers are ever around.
Few streams have bridges.
Few stretches remain that can still be protected.
Few strike outs for a power hitter.
Few student can begin their studies having already written a mathematical paper.
Few students achieve the distinction of being a first author even during graduate school.
Few students agree with the definition of binge drinking.
Few students approve of the decision.
Few students are able to make satisfactory grades in absentia.
Few students are aware of the influence the senate has over the money they pay in the form of fees.
Few students are excellent.
Few students are likely to pay the full price for any competitor's package.
Few students are perfect across the board.
Few students are prepared for the complexity and disorganization typically found on the Internet.
Few students are union members.
Few students attend candidate speeches and few students are aware of candidates issues.
Few students benefit and the costs are high.
Few students can afford to pay for college without some form of education financing.
Few students can afford to pay for college without some form of financing.
Few students can be members of an honors accounting fraternity.
Few students can do large projects or write long papers of high quality.
Few students can offer that kind of sustaineddaily oversight.
Few students can predict the future course of their careers.
Few students can realistically expect to go from the classroom to the top of the ladder.
Few students can slip through the cracks in a small system.
Few students come wanting to open programs, but they do learn administrative skills.
Few students do it, however, at least in more than one subject.
Few students do.
Few students eat all of the meals on their meal plans.
Few students eat in restaurants on a regular basis.
Few students enter law school with sophisticated critical thinking skills.
Few students enter law school with sophisticated thinking skills.
Few students feel comfortable with both systems of measuring temperature.
Few students find it desirable to work more than eight to ten hours a week.
Few students find solace at their schools.
Few students go through their college career living with the same person.
Few students go to school after the eighth grade.
Few students graduate debt free, however.
Few students graduate with any semblance of a career plan.
Few students have access to foreign languages other than French and Spanish.
Few students have any significant problems.
Few students have computers at home but students display a real interest in computer use.
Few students have computers at home.
Few students have enough experience to warrant going to a second page.
Few students have pet pigs.
Few students have textbooks.
Few students have time to read and prepare for every lecture.
Few students know about the center for international studies.
Few students know about the entrepreneurship track and major.
Few students know instantly that they want to study abroad, where, and for how long.
Few students learn a mathematical idea well the first time they encounter it.
Few students learn that the yen appreciation has made Japanese employees the best paid in the world.
Few students leave our school.
Few students purchase the supplemental text.
Few students realize how vital it actually is.
Few students realize that a short immediate review is their very best study time investment.
Few students realize that a short, immediate review is their very best study time investment.
Few students realize that all atoms attract one another.
Few students realize that there are options.
Few students recall telling their parents about the abuse.
Few students receive enough help from other sources to avoid loans.
Few students recommend it, but many freshmen enroll in the class.
Few students require contracts at the graduate level.
Few students respond to the teacher s questions.
Few students revise on their own.
Few students say their jobs include selling dinosaurs that grow in a bottle.
Few students seem to see any dark clouds on their job-seeking horizon.
Few students select and use information tools effectively.
Few students take all of their courses in the recommended sequence.
Few students take course work for flippant reasons.
Few students take more than a single college math course.
Few students take the lecture-lab sequence together.
Few students understand that technology influences science.
Few students use the shower facilities.
Few students volunteer to respond verbally.
Few studios produce movies for great content or ability.
Few studies address long term effectiveness.
Few studies address public health aspects, and there is an overall dearth of published information.
Few studies assess if the reported changes in lean body mass affect physical fitness and strength.
Few studies attempt to assess the proportion and age of adolescent gang members within a given area.
Few studies can fully cover all three dimensions.
Few studies can state unequivocally that high quality causes positive effects.
Few studies compare hydrocolloids with newer dressing types.
Few studies compare the efficacy of different types of counseling.
Few studies deal with primary and secondary productivity, and interactions with reservoir fisheries.
Few studies document bat roosting needs, especially during critical nursery or hibernation periods.
Few studies examine adherence to medications within the correctional setting.
Few studies exist examining play as the desired outcome of the intervention.
Few studies exist on meiofauna in central California.
Few studies explore the reasons children from disadvantaged homes become successful achievers.
Few studies focus on mammals, such as carnivores that exist at low population densities.
Few studies indicate their effectiveness.
Few studies look at a range of outcomes spanning the health, education and welfare domains.
Few studies look at what happens after the evaluation.
Few studies meet the criteria for fully-validated program models.
Few studies report changes as a percent of baseline values.
Few studies report on the seed bank characteristics.
Few subjects are as delicate as skin deformities.
Few subjects are as important-or as little studied.
Few subjects are as rewarding as the weather can be.
Few subjects are as sure to capture the imaginations of children as the idea of living on their own.
Few subjects are more vital to a broad education.
Few subjects are so important and few are so misunderstood.
Few subjects can offer such diversity as Geography and at the same time be so relevant and topical.
Few subjects engender more controversy than does religion.
Few subjects generate as much passion in women as what to wear to work does.
Few subjects grab more media attention than drugs.
Few subjects invoke more discussion and occasional anger than the topic of predation.
Few subjects stir debate in American journalism more than ethics.
Few subjects stir the emotions as strongly as abortion.
Few substrates offer sufficient oxygen to allow digging as much as an inch.
Few suicides are the result of a single present experience.
Few superintendents feel such Draconian measures are necessary, however.
Few suppliers are willing to take back their cylinders.
Few surgeons guarantee complete removal.
Few surgeons spend the time and effort to do a complete job.
Few surprises occur because information sources are direct and firsthand.
Few surveys ask adult respondents with children about whether they are grandparents.
Few surveys comment about the fact that they are drawing a nonrandom and nonrepresentative sample.
Few surveys examine the depth of understanding behind an opinion or the context of an opinion.
Few surveyors have such expertise.
Few survive members adapt to habitats.
Few survivors are so blunt regarding their failure to pick up a relative's remains.
Few survivors know their legal rights or seek help right away.
Few survivors make it to the top.
Few survivors remain in the formerly vibrant communities of eastern Europe.
Few symbols illustrate the nation s beauty and diversity as dramatically.
Few symbols illustrate the nation's beauty and diversity as dramatically.
Few symbols rival the Confederate flag for the ability to evoke such a wide range of passions.
Few symptoms are more alarming than chest pain.
Few symptoms are specific .
Few systems are complete out of the box.
Few systems are have firm financial support.
Few systems can manage truly distributed data on multiple sites in several countries.
Few systems deal with it and several approaches are coexisting.
Few systems exist to aid the teaching of Web courses.
Few systems have more than one function.
Few systems operate with real-time imagery.
Few systems treat human computer interaction at the reasoning level.
Few tables list any further breakdown by ethnicity.
Few tactics beat simply asking faculty what they want.
Few tailors can create an authentic, Scottish kilt.
Few tasks are more demanding and none more rewarding than raising a family.
Few tasks are more tedious than paying bills.
Few tasks cause as much concern for parents of young children than choosing quality day care.
Few tasks require heavy lifting, pushing, pulling or carrying heavy loads.
Few taxpayers can describe it at all.
Few teachers are prepared to let the students participate in planning and evaluation.
Few teachers are technology certified.
Few teachers choose their career because they enjoy making presentations to parents.
Few teachers have as well.
Few teachers have Internet access in their classrooms today.
Few teachers have the opportunity or time to immerse themselves in academic study with a scholar.
Few teachers have the time or energy to spend hours searching for the right partners.
Few teachers have the time or resources to implement an extensive entrepreneurship program, though.
Few teachers realize that students are quite interested in learning about pedagogy and cognition.
Few teachers teach from a leader-follower perspective.
Few teams are as hot as Long Beach State.
Few teams are laden with more freshmen, sophomores, and juniors than seniors.
Few teams are more cohesive as a unit.
Few teams can do it.
Few teams can handle our lines.
Few teams can live with just one tailback in today's game.
Few teams can match Indiana's depth.
Few teams can match the A's for overall talent and balance.
Few teams can spot Italy four starters and get away with it.
Few teams can succeed for more than a few weeks at a time.
Few teams have good pitching anyway.
Few techs are anthropology majors.
Few techniques exist to measure hypoxia in human tumors.
Few technologies are a satisfying to use as the digital camera.
Few technologies are more exacting than that of designing and running space probes.
Few technologies embody the principles of globalisation as comprehensively as computing science.
Few teen chat free share eldest meanwhile wooden, unless dress rain nothing.
Few teens are aware of the benefits of early investing.
Few teens possess the judgment and self-control to make wise decisions in such an environment.
Few teenagers are prepared to use birth control prior to first intercourse.
Few teenagers can abstain from masturbation, because sexual craving is so intense at that age.
Few teenagers intend to get pregnant, yet many do.
Few teenagers listen to enka pieces.
Few teenagers trust the government today.
Few temples do the opposite.
Few terms are more misunderstood than women's rights'.
Few terms exist for psychological problems such as depression.
Few terms guarantee lower sodium.
Few territories can boast such a rich history.
Few tests are available in languages other than English.
Few texts address both the public and private ethics of ministers.
Few texts are as user friendly or as well grounded in practical and essential cruising advice.
Few texts are as user friendly or as well grounded in practical essential cruising advice.
Few texts can match a very good cartoon or film.
Few textbooks provide a case study approach.
Few themes are more dominant in the folklore and lyric imagery of the blues than that of the road.
Few theorists are expert in all phases of it.
Few theories provide explanations for actual crime or specific criminal events.
Few things alienate an audience so quickly as having to strain to see a screen.
Few things annoy investors more than being left waiting or even ignored.
Few things appear more urgent to VCs than funding offers that are on their way from other investors.
Few things are always or never true.
Few things are as absurd as there being consensual crimes in a free society.
Few things are as aggravating for a hiring manager or a candidate than a wasted job interview.
Few things are as amusing as mass confusion.
Few things are as annoying as a really good film that falls apart at the very end.
Few things are as artless as the art of compromise.
Few things are as basic to society and culture as food.
Few things are as boring as filmed scuba diving.
Few things are as confusing or frustrating to a new employee as having too many bosses.
Few things are as difficult to face as the death of a loved one.
Few things are as distasteful as banking fees.
Few things are as effective in argument as forcing someone to answer an obvious question.
Few things are as elemental and Mediterranean as bread, tomatoes, olive oil, and garlic.
Few things are as enjoyable and life expanding as a professionally conducted river trip.
Few things are as enticing as finding out secrets.
Few things are as exciting as having a baby.
Few things are as exciting to young children as a school outing.
Few things are as exquisite as heavy dew on ripe orchard grass.
Few things are as fascinating as what goes on inside our heads.
Few things are as fast, as reliable or taste as good as they promise.
Few things are as fatal in Washington as becoming an object of fun.
Few things are as frustrating and as infuriating, as having our children ignore our instructions.
Few things are as fundamentally important to the quality of our lives as clean air.
Few things are as hard on the nerves as listening to a barking, whining or howling dog.
Few things are as important as protection of New England's water supplies.
Few things are as important in life as our health and well being.
Few things are as important to a child's education as having a quality teacher.
Few things are as important to singing as breath.
Few things are as important to the genealogist as dates are.
Few things are as integral to the success of a business operation as follow- through.
Few things are as much fun as watching guys in drab wardrobe try to kill each other with swords.
Few things are as mythical as the blue of lavender blue.
Few things are as overlooked as the strategic importance of recruiting.
Few things are as personal as the exact way a person prefers their food.
Few things are as quintessentially teenage as the notion of secrets.
Few things are as rare.
Few things are as relaxing as a hot, steamy bath.
Few things are as rewarding.
Few things are as sacrosanct as the integrity of the courts.
Few things are as satisfying as helping another person realise their potential.
Few things are as satisfying as spending a day fishing.
Few things are as taboo as the references to and uses of body excretions.
Few things are as tasty as a banana.
Few things are as unfair as the equal treatment of unequals.
Few things are as unpleasant as getting a bad seat on an airliner.
Few things are as wonderful as having a baby.
Few things are better over the holidays than curling up with a good movie.
Few things are black and white.
Few things are certain but some are inevitable.
Few things are ever complete.
Few things are for certain in the years ahead.
Few things are free anymore.
Few things are free.
Few things are further from the truth.
Few things are good or bad in themselves.
Few things are greater than being able to make a difference.
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Few things are harder to put up with, than the annoyance of a good example.
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill.
Few things are in English, most is in the Latvian language.
Few things are in life.
Few things are less appealing than a proposal that relies solely on government financing.
Few things are less secure or require a greater investment of faith.
Few things are less the government's business.
Few things are more annoying than pages that jam up inside the printer.
Few things are more annoying than pop-up advertising.
Few things are more basic to the workplace than the office chair.
Few things are more beautiful during the summer than a container full of beautiful flowers.
Few things are more clearly impossible.
Few things are more complex and confusing than the world of computer networks.
Few things are more complicated to navigate.
Few things are more contrary to the spiritual well being of a young person than the modern dance.
Few things are more dangerous than articulate superficiality.
Few things are more delightful and distracting than interviews with authors.
Few things are more demoralizing than being helpless in the face of trauma.
Few things are more de-motivating than fear.
Few things are more depressing than spending the holidays in the hospital.
Few things are more destructive to the bond of affinity and affection.
Few things are more difficult than trying to identify administrative history.
Few things are more discouraging than finding out a movie runs more than two hours.
Few things are more distressing to a family than having a child who is continuously wet.
Few things are more embarassing.
Few things are more embarrassing than mispronouncing a person s name.
Few things are more enjoyable than walking in the mist-covered woods.
Few things are more erotic than a woman with an ear of corn.
Few things are more essential to success than effective financial management.
Few things are more fascinating than creatures that can fly.
Few things are more frustrating than a baby with a cold.
Few things are more frustrating than a locked door for which one can find no key.
Few things are more frustrating than loosing a complex or long file.
Few things are more frustrating to a user than broken or outdated links in a site's own index.
Few things are more frustrating to an audience than tiny type.
Few things are more fun than cooking in the outdoors.
Few things are more fun than trail running.
Few things are more fundamental than getting into the neighborhood grocery store.
Few things are more gratifying for homeowners than improving the stature of their residence.
Few things are more helpful for the priest than to see the local pro-life effort in action.
Few things are more important in a child's development then good character.
Few things are more important than being able to get into the neighborhood grocery store.
Few things are more important than brand identity.
Few things are more important than encouraging children with learning differences.
Few things are more important than ensuring that every child enters school ready to learn.
Few things are more important than getting control of runaway federal spending.
Few things are more important to a relationship than appreciation.
Few things are more important to our community than preparing our young people for work.
Few things are more important to our success than the quality of leadership in such positions.
Few things are more important to shoppers than freshness.
Few things are more important.
Few things are more insidious.
Few things are more insulting.
Few things are more intimate, or soulful, than prolonged eye contact.
Few things are more intimidating to the non-scientist than modern physics.
Few things are more inviting than a smooth carpet of grass.
Few things are more irritating than being pulled over by the police for a traffic violation.
Few things are more irritating than having to wait weeks for an agency to perform a simple task.
Few things are more joyous in life than people moving together to the pulse of live music.
Few things are more laughable than the British understatement, reserve, and biting sarcasm.
Few things are more life threatening than the lack of clean, safe drinking water.
Few things are more meaningful than being offered the hospitality of a friend's home.
Few things are more nervously dreamy than an adolescent girl.
Few things are more offensive in the eyes of the Jewish community.
Few things are more overhyped either.
Few things are more perverted than entire communities made up solely of aged people.
Few things are more pitiful than an IT manager who thinks programming is simply a science.
Few things are more powerful in shaping a public image.
Few things are more powerful than a Christian making amends.
Few things are more precious to free men around the world than the right to own property.
Few things are more professionally satisfying than public speaking.
Few things are more reliable each summer.
Few things are more reprehensible than the victimization of innocent children.
Few things are more revealing than the titles by which a man wishes to be known.
Few things are more rewarding than negotiating and closing a business transaction.
Few things are more rewarding than relaxing in a sauna after a long day on the sled.
Few things are more sacred in the structure of a law firm than the concept of partnership.
Few things are more satisfying than to see a dispute resolved.
Few things are more satisfying than to surround company in a carefully orchestrated patio garden.
Few things are more standard today than electricity.
Few things are more susceptible to the vagaries of one's taste than humorous social critique.
Few things are more tedious than videos that use too much time or move too slowly through it.
Few things are more tempting to a playful dog than a game of tug.
Few things are more terrifying than the unknown.
Few things are more unfitting than for a cleric's wife to be the parish gossip.
Few things are more universal than man's search for meaning.
Few things are more unpredictable than the weather.
Few things are more valuable in a trainer.
Few things are possible if American productivity remains stagnant.
Few things are sadder to see than indoctrinated members of sects.
Few things are shorter in duration than the auto racing off-season.
Few things are smoother than icy conditions.
Few things are so predictable as the acceptance and future market growth of mobile technology.
Few things are sure.
Few things are sweeter than wine.
Few things are tougher than hunting for a new home.
Few things are truly free in the business world, and free ISPs are no different.
Few things are unconditional.
Few things are what they seem.
Few things are worse than a nice day of skating wiped out by a case of heatstroke.
Few things are worse than a threat to job security.
Few things are worse than an out of date autoresponder listing or very little contact information.
Few things are worse than having the reel body drop away from the reel foot while fighting a fish.
Few things are worse than having to repeat the whole process over again in six months.
Few things are worse than having to set aside the vast majority.
Few things are worse than the thought of someone tampering with a departed loved one's grave.
Few things are worse than unfunny comedy.
Few things are worse.
Few Things Are Worth a Million Dollars.
Few things are worthy of an unconditional commitment.
Few things are.
Few things arouse more venom in fundamentalists than do gay people.
Few things avail to inspire others as does a life where the priority is eternal values.
Few things block unbelievers from serious consideration of the gospel more than conspiracy theories.
Few things bother an airline's management more than excess capacity.
Few things bring a better return on investment than a quality brochure printed on quality paper.
Few things bring as much joy for a servicemember than receiving mail from home.
Few things bring greater joy.
Few things bring more pleasure and inner peace than observing mullets in their natural habitat.
Few things bring more pleasure than building a beautiful boat.
Few things bring on as much shame as sexual offending.
Few things buoy a traveler's spirits more than spotting a bargain.
Few things can alter a sagging attitude like volunteering.
Few things can be as emotionally wrenching and as hard to recover from as the death of a loved one.
Few things can be as exhausting as a film festival.
Few things can be funnier than an amusingly messed up amateur play.
Few things can be more catastrophic than a wheel coming apart on a race car.
Few things can be more degrading than having to defecate in public.
Few things can be more democratic than a free and fair election.
Few things can be more exasperating to parents than dealing with soiling in an older child.
Few things can beat the feeling of doing something good for someone else.
Few things can bring about as strong emotional reactions as promises.
Few things can bring as many worries to a family as financial debt.
Few things can change a mood faster than music.
Few things can combine speed and sheer excitement like track racing.
Few things can compare with the night sky as seen from the tropical highlands.
Few things can compete with an evening around the campfire.
Few things can convey the message of hope better than a single light in a dark room.
Few things can define clearly the situation and it's disparity.
Few things can destroy a list quicker.
Few things can grow on a planet almost entirely devoid of savoury foodstuff.
Few things can keep a big-firm lawyer from the joys of hourly billing.
Few things can make a man feel less like a man than feeling incompetent.
Few things can make a parent angrier.
Few things can match the blessing of knowing and experiencing that.
Few things can match the life-changing effects of a quality, higher education on a person's life.
Few things can promote personal bonding better than facing an exciting situation together .
Few things can provide that perspective like a study abroad experience.
Few things can rival the discipline of athletics as a learning environment for young people.
Few things can ruin a good costume faster than the wrong colour hair.
Few things can ruin a trip like suddenly being stuck without cash far from home.
Few things can slow down New York City's frenetic pace.
Few things can stunt a company's growth like falling into a bottomless pit of litigation.
Few things can unsettle a peaceful neighborhood as quickly as a provocative new neighbor.
Few things capture our attention more than challenges to the welfare of our children.
Few things capture the imagination as do the great masters works of art.
Few things capture the imagination as readily as fables of shipwrecks, pirates and buried treasures.
Few things cause as many headaches as with machine sewing as inferior thread.
Few things challenge our pride more than the simplest summons to expressiveness.
Few things change a child's life more than the death or serious disability of a parent.
Few things change a man's life faster and more profoundly than having children.
Few things compare to actually stepping into history or viewing a world-famous landmark in person.
Few things compare with the excitement and satisfaction of home ownership.
Few things contribute to interesting conversation like sitting among stacks of stories.
Few things contribute to the proper work environment the way a candle does.
Few things control our behavior more than our economic status.
Few things damage a friendship more severely than breaking a trust.
Few things damn a good manuscript like poor punctuation.
Few things deflate an employee more quickly than a boss who hogs the spotlight.
Few things delay the global elite.
Few things detract more from a performance than poor intonation.
Few things disagree with magnesia but it was worth a try.
Few things do.
Few things eat into the soul as devastatingly as the love of money.
Few things end a day better than a good bed at a fair rate.
Few things enhance the value and enjoyment of a home more than a beautiful yard.
Few things enrage a serious film fan as much as the Hollywood remake of a French film.
Few things evoke the magic of the winter holidays as the transcendent beauty of the human voice.
Few things excite the Right more than homosexuality.
Few things exemplify Earth's bounty more than tasty, nutritious strawberries.
Few things exist in life that qualify as perfect.
Few things expresses the feeling of refreshment as well as the beginning of a new day.
Few things fascinate people more than the weather.
Few things feed a state of anxiety like constantly being late to work.
Few things feed depression more than blank pages in a training log.
Few things feel better than successfully navigating a strange land.
Few things feel better to a battered body.
Few things frighten entrepreneurs more than the specter of protracted litigation.
Few things garner as much attention as the latest diet craze.
Few things get more mileage than stock footage of cold war nuclear tests.
Few things get Net users more upset than spam.
Few things give a home gardener more pride than a well-landscaped yard.
Few things give more pleasure than helping others.
Few things go on in the city without going through the service director.
Few things grow old with less grace than a computer.
Few things happen as predicted.
Few things happen without the Troll finding out.
Few things harbor as many human taboos as the anal and genital organs.
Few things have greater tendency than inversion, to render verse feeble and ineffective.
Few things have the power to change the shape of our world more than the act of giving.
Few things have the power to give as much pleasure as a vase full of flowers.
Few things hurt more than to be wrongfully doubted.
Few things hurt quality of care more than high employee turnover.
Few things illustrate the shop's organization better than the tools.
Few things impact individual performance more than lighting quality.
Few things impress prospects more than a shop's versatility.
Few things incur as much heel dragging as joining a new gym.
Few things influence the winter movement of bison in Yellowstone National Park more than snow.
Few things infuriate patients more than contrived involvement.
Few things inspire the human soul and play a bigger part in science fiction than the heavens.
Few things irritate web surfers more than encountering broken links and nonexistent images.
Few things irritate Web surfers more than encountering broken links and nonexistent images.
Few things live in the memory.
Few things look as bad on a site as yesterday's news.
Few things look worse than wrinkly satin.
Few things make a site stand out more than a new innovative feature.
Few things make a worse impression than cover letter typos.
Few things make better summer memories than great sandcastles.
Few things make one feel more like a real cook than turning out a good pie.
Few things make people as anxious as the prospect of surgery.
Few things make principals more nervous.
Few things make vulnerable people angrier than when powerful people abuse their power.
Few things match the excitement of finally facing off against a diabolical villain.
Few things matter as much to teachers as being considered professionals.
Few things matter more to colleges and employers than good writing skills.
Few things motivate a woman to seek medical care more than the prospect of having a baby.
Few things move smoothly from the real world to cyberspace, but fantasy gaming is a notable success.
Few things occur in the process of aging that are more frightening than losing one's vision.
Few things occur randomly in nature.
Few things offer a more personal glimpse into the past than historic family photos.
Few things offer more visceral proof of the power of physics than a karate chop.
Few things paint the competitive landscape better than financials.
Few things poke into our blue skies other than lighthouses, church steeples and longleaf pine trees.
Few things produce more obsession than a good treasure hunt.
Few things provide as high a return for the states tax dollars as higher education.
Few things provide as high a return for the state's tax dollars as higher education.
Few things provoke more anxiety than a first date.
Few things provoke more emotion and overheated rhetoric than issues that relate to children.
Few things qualify as treasured constants in one's life.
Few things reach the level of controversy in the world of parenting that corporal punishment does.
Few things reflect our commitment to democracy more than school desegregation.
Few things reinforce good behavior and growth like timely, specific feedback.
Few things remain unaffected as information technologies usher in the next generation of healthcare.
Few things rouse the senses more than a garden in full bloom.
Few things satisfy as deeply as a well-prepared meal served with grace and hospitality.
Few things satisfy more than achieving long denied justice.
Few things scare people more than speaking in public.
Few things scare the ruling class more than that idea.
Few things seem as basic as that.
Few things seem to be so misunderstood by so many.
Few things seem to capture the mood of the times more than fashon and household magazines.
Few things seem to have been patented or copyrighted.
Few things seem to make people think of New Zealand like sheep and lambs.
Few things separate people swiftly into two camps like the bagpipe.
Few things show as much commitment to two wheels.
Few things sound as beautiful as a stringed insrument properly tuned.
Few things sound as lawyerly as the phrase to wit .
Few things spark the imagination like scientific and technological discovery.
Few things stimulate a department and a college like new faculty.
Few things stir the American heart so indefinably as the moods of autumn in New England.
Few things stir the soul like an old familiar hymn.
Few things stir up a person s passion the way music does.
Few things suck worse than watered down punk.
Few things take more guts than standing up in front of a roomful of strangers to dance.
Few things taste better with fresh goat cheese.
Few things teach a person how to learn as well as learning a musical instrument.
Few things tie together towns in South Jersey as much as high school sports.
Few things top the feeling of appreciating nature by walking through a forest.
Few things turn audiences off more quickly.
Few things turn off employees more than being the subject of an exaggeration.
Few things undermine credibility more than a broken link.
Few things weigh mainline churches down more than their buildings.
Few things work as cleanly as they do on paper.
Few things work as well as a conscientious, knowledgeable spotter.
Few threats are certain.
Few threats have the capability of killing so many so fast.
Few thunderstorms occur along the west coast of the United States.
Few ticks are found on pheasants.
Few tickets remain for the show.
Few tickets remain through bowl office as game nears sellout.
Few tickets remain.
Few times do others scratch their head in misunderstanding of method or motivation.
Few times is it that simple.
Few tires endure such torments day after day without a puncture.
Few tissues pose as great a challenge as muscle.
Few titles dare to look at the issues of domestic abuse or a protagonist in a same-sex romance.
Few titles have so simple and distinguished a chain.
Few today claim eating yogurt ensures longevity.
Few today doubt that the world is going through some sort of structural transition.
Few today have a right conception of what a scriptural and saving conversion is.
Few today suggest that people joined the party for reasons other than careerism or opportunism.
Few today understand it either.
Few toddlers are consistently cooperative about getting their teeth brushed.
Few tools are as central to a workshop as a tablesaw.
Few tools are available to assist in formatting or layout.
Few tools exist that quickly and directly impact organizations.
Few tools generate data in exactly the language spoken by end users.
Few tools have a spell checker and importing and exporting capabilities.
Few tools provide even basic accessibility checking.
Few tops are rich enough to afford a large dungeon with a lavish layout of equipment.
Few Tops are rich enough to afford a large dungeon with a lavish layout of equipment.
Few topics are as controversial as globalisation.
Few topics are as controversial as globalization.
Few topics are as controversial as the death penalty.
Few topics are as important to our communities as protection of drinking water source areas.
Few topics are as important to the American people.
Few topics are of greater importance in our modern age.
Few topics are of such interest to students as insects are.
Few topics can be more important than the commercial environment of any particular country.
Few topics can elicit as much controversy as that of grounding.
Few topics can whip a group of public relations professionals into a lather faster than news clips .
Few topics divide scientists more than that of the human effects of low doses of ionizing radiation.
Few topics evoke the level of controversy that surrounds the alien abduction phenomenon.
Few topics generate as much debate as the future of jobs.
Few topics generate as much excitement at teacher feedback meetings as that of reaction mechanisms.
Few topics generate heat and controversy so readily today.
Few topics generate more passionate debate than U.S. immigration policy.
Few topics inspire as much interest and confusion as headspace.
Few topics raise more hackles in the public mind or therapeutic community.
Few topics remain static over time.
Few topics spark as much controversy among paleontologists as the transition from reptiles to birds.
Few topics stir more passion than child abuse.
Few topics touch a raw nerve with individual investors as much as the issue of timely information.
Few topics touch so many people as does children's safety.
Few tourists come here and the locals are still a little bamboozled at the sight of foreigners.
Few tourists come here, and a white person stands out.
Few tourists discover areas.
Few tourists go out into the countryside.
Few tourists rent a car to drive, as the road system is crowded and drivers are undisciplined.
Few tourists visit the area.
Most few tourists discover areas.
Few tournaments have such a storied past.
Few tournaments have such an historical past.
Few towns have adequate sewage systems.
Few towns have fresher streams or more abundant water-power.
Few townships have a budget to assist their historians.
Few toys are evident.
Few tracks can claim so much attention in the sprint car world.
Few traders distribute in all three regions.
Few traders understand or use money management techniques.
Few traders watch the floor indicator.
Few traditions are more time-honored in Italy than the centrality of the family.
Few tragedies are greater than giving birth to more unwanted, destitute children.
Few trains run outside commuter hours, and there is no service on holidays or weekends.
Few trains stop here any more.
Few trainees appear to have been hired by industry and employment in general seemed rather low.
Few trainers have either such high level contacts or marketing skills.
Few traits are passed on only from fathers.
Few traits are unique to any one race.
Few transactions require the services of an engineer prior to closing.
Few translators have any idea of what they are doing in terms of linguistics or language.
Few translators know how to deal with HTML code.
Few travelers go fee-fishing only to catch fish and leave.
Few travellers stay the second night.
Few treasurers have the time to surf the Internet leisurely for information.
Few treatments are as simple to administer as supervised physical activity.
Few treatments are effective against phytopthora.
Few treatments designed to kill head lice are effective at preventing an infestation.
Few treaties can.
Few trees are able to combat the multiple severe wounds caused by topping.
Few trees are immune, with only tuliptrees, sycamores and ginkgos resistant to the bug.
Few trees are more attractive than the stately birch.
Few trees are more majestic than wild pines.
Few trees are safe from being turned into paper or lumber.
Few trees can match it for year-round beauty.
Few trees grow here though, due to the wind.
Few trees grow here, and few neighborhoods, either.
Few trees grow in marsh conditions.
Few trees grow on the northern Yamal peninsula.
Few trees living today are old enough to provide clues to ancient climate.
Few trees look as stately and noble as a mature beech.
Few trees take root.
Few treks offer such a deep look into Bhutan's delicate and charming daily life.
Few tribes manage their own properties.
Few tribunals publish rules of practice.
Few trips offer memories worth hanging onto like a jet boat trip on a northwest stream.
Few tumors contain only clear cells, however.
Few tumors present in an early stage and most have nodal involvement at diagnosis.
Few tumors represent the abnormal growth of neurons.
Few turkeys are seen today in the villages, and wild turkeys populations have also declined.
Few understandings are more valuable than that.
Few unions exist in the very small modern wage sector.
Few units survives a single shot.
Few universals apply to researching foreign records, which is why the hunt is so difficult.
Few universities can afford to reach students on a daily basis.
Few universities can boast of the same musical accomplishments.
Few universities can make that claim.
Few universities do it at all well.
Few universities graduate more students with advanced degrees each year than Illinois.
Few universities have courses on an African language.
Few universities have more than three staff teaching and researching on the Pacific Islands.
Few universities have programs specifically designed to develop new futurists.
Few universities have statistics units with substantial orientation towards real applications.
Few universities have vice presidents for environmental affairs.
Few universities offer a setting with such spectacular beauty and recreational resources.
Few universities offer degree programs in paleontology itself.
Few upgrades are so forgiving of the past.
Few urges are stronger than the urge to be re-elected.
Few users apply their usual concerns about malicious code to data files.
Few users are consciously aware of their goals.
Few users care about graphics .
Few users develop a psychological dependence.
Few users employ more than one search engine for research, so even less is retrieved.
Few users enjoy warp-speed connections to the Internet .
Few users have time to learn arcane program commands.
Few users make their OS choices just based on savings in an office suite.
Few users require premium priced cards.
Few users require premium-priced cards.
Few users spend time reading long passages of text on-screen.
Few users understand the purpose or uses of relational storage and retrieval.
Few utilities have rate structures that provide incentives for conservation.
Few vacancies remain.
Few vacations offer such a rare mix of pleasures as a week of whitewater rafting.
Few vaccines can completely prevent disease occurrence.
Few vaginas are able to grab onto a penis as strongly as one's own hand.
Few vaginas can grab onto a penis as strongly as one's own hand.
Few variation provides information.
Most few variation provides information.
Few vegetables are as intolerant of cold soils.
Few vegetables are as welcome as a good tomato straight from the vine.
Few vegetables occupy the garden for the whole growing season.
Few vegetables yield more food per square foot than the potato.
Few vehicles have a visual range that exceeds their weapon range.
Few vendors attempt to provide completely integrated solutions all by themselves.
Few vendors manufacture systems any more, most are just assemblers of components.
Few vendors order enough parts from a manufacturer to receive the pricing break of a national chain.
Few vendors take personal checks, fewer take credit cards.
Few ventures are profitable.
Few vets are willing to set up payment plans.
Few veterans succeed in rising to an equal level of their age-peers.
Few victims escape head injury or death.
Few victims have sufficient time to secure a weapon.
Few victims receive proper rehabilitative care.
Few viewers can tell the networks apart.
Few viewers have blind faith that characters do strange things for rational reasons.
Few viewers realize, however, that the firefighters they see dressed in orange are inmates.
Few villages have taps and most houses rely on water from the garden well.
Few villagers approach the banks.
Few villagers know any English.
Few villagers take that seriously.
Few violations lead to criminal prosecutions.
Few virtues surpass the cool head in today s society, or any society.
Few viruses contain more than one component.
Few viruses kill people since humans are the viruses' hosts.
Few viruses last more than two weeks.
Few visitors are aware that Jacksonville is the biggest city in the United States.
Few visitors have the good fortune to experience such a spectacular view.
Few visitors make it over to the Maze District, some of the wildest country in the United States.
Few visitors read all of the copy.
Few visitors read the poem before entering.
Few vocalists have all that.
Few volcanoes are so stereotypical.
Few volunteers are willing to do the odious job of paperwork, reports and plans.
Few voters choose their governments on foreign policy questions.
Few voters do enough homework to know the intricacies of such amendments.
Few voters expect a candidate to sign the other guy's prop.
Few voters make up their minds based on who the vice presidential candidate is.
Few voters rate the campaign finance issue itself very highly among national priorities.
Few voters seem to care.
Few wars break out spontaneously.
Few watches are waterproof, though many are water resistant.
Few waters contain naturally high sources of lead.
Few ways exist to determine whether grass is dead or dormant.
Few webmasters link to sites that have a reputation for spamming.
Few websites choose to become the definitive site on a subject.
Few weeds are actually native to the United States.
Few weeks go by without a news story heralding a promising new drug or drug therapy.
Few weeks go by without our getting some new distinction.
Few weeks see death.
Every few weeks check for loose nuts and bolts and loose spokes.
Most few weeks see death.
Few weeklies spend so much space just covering their city.
Few weevils are wood borers.
Few wells withdraw water from the alluvial aquifer.
Few westerners seem concerned.
Few wetlands demonstrate dilemmas of development more starkly than Florida's Everglades.
Few whites appreciate the legacy and scale of the genocide in Australia.
Few whites go into the townships.
Few wholesalers focus on our specific niche.
Few wimps complete that obstacle course.
Few wishes come true by themselves.
Few witches refer to male witches as a warlock.
Few witnesses can turn the smoothest trial lawyer to jelly like a child can.
Few women admit their age, few men act it.
Few women admit their age, fewer men act it.
Few women admit their age.
Few women admit to having one.
Few women are able to resume activity within a week after delivery.
Few women are as regular as clockwork when it comes to their monthly cycles.
Few women are comfortable admitting that rage and anger lurk beneath polished exteriors.
Few women are likely to enjoy it.
Few women are mayors.
Few women are neutral on the subject of breast enlargement.
Few women are prepared to talk about it outside their own close circle.
Few women are present although the ones present are quite rare and unique.
Few women become alcoholics.
Few women can face themselves and their problems.
Few women can plan their families or ensure their children's survival.
Few women can pull that off.
Few women can stand it.
Few women come forward and ever admit that they've been raped.
Few women complete the initial levels of training and education in physics.
Few women deliver exactly on their due date.
Few women discontinue injectables because of weight gain.
Few women do.
Few women earn small amounts of cash with market gardens or commerce.
Few women exercise to the extent that their periods are affected.
Few women experience it after the birth of a first child.
Few women express satisfaction, let alone appreciation, for their own bodies.
Few women feel safe to risk such an intimate disclosure to anyone.
Few women fight, few eat like athletes.
Few women find that their sadness persists for longer.
Few women have a problem with that.
Few women have access to credit and financial services due to many socio-economic factors.
Few women have antenatal care.
Few women have identical breasts.
Few women have opportunities for education and training in forestry and agroforestry.
Few women have perfectly regular cycles.
Few women have the opportunity to work and numbers of people are obliged to take early retirement.
Few women have the same conception of good sex.
Few women hold decision-making positions in ministries and other government bodies.
Few women hold senior positions.
Few women inherit family businesses or purchase established firms.
Few women join in the rotation.
Few women know it is the most lethal type of reproductive cancer.
Few women know their own history.
Few women know they have conceived.
Few women look like that, but most women have been loved by a man.
Few women make it to the top.
Few women make the decision to undergo an abortion lightly.
Few women make the rules or take decisions in government or in the marketplace.
Few women own land, due primarily to socio-cultural factors.
Few women own land.
Few women report the crimes and fewer still see their attackers brought to justice.
Few women respond that way.
Few women serve as senior pastors.
Few women smoke in China and, unlike with men, the number is falling.
Few women think their wages reflect the real value of their work.
Few women work in forest research and educational institutes.
Few women work in the high-tech field, and even fewer hold executive positions at tech companies.
Few woods are so durable under all circumstances, few so generally useful.
Few woods compliment each other as well as black walnut and red oak.
Few woods offer the rich beauty of Walnut.
Few woodworkers have the necessary tools or expertise to mend broken wood properly.
Few words are as evocative, and even fewer ideologies as pernicious, as fascism.
Few words are as widely used in contemporary discourse as the term system .
Few words are more enjoyable to speak, few places or seasons more beautiful to experience.
Few words arouse such strong feelings.
Few words can assuage the outrage and grief inspired by such a vile act of racial hatred.
Few words can describe the exhilaration of steering a blokart across a blast of wind.
Few words can describe what Burmese students have experienced.
Few words can explain our grief and sympathy.
Few words can strike such terror.
Few words carry stronger obloquy than slumlord.
Few words evoke such a negative picture of government operations.
Few words have greater importance for the cable industry today.
Few words have the brevity, the clarity, the decisive ring of no.
Few words lead to a few more words.
Few words mean less when repeated incessantly.
Few works can claim such scope or effective dialogue.
Few works do it, however, in such admirable detail.
Few works seem to step back and question the role of the hero.
Few workers choose to strike or call a sick-out unless it is absolutely the last resort.
Few workers get rich playing the stock market.
Few workers have backgrounds in early childhood.
Few workers have most of their defined contribution retirement accounts invested in stock funds.
Few workers have private, long-term disability insurance.
Few workers quit because of the quality of housing.
Few workers quit because of the quality of their housing.
Few workers think so in the present social climate.
Few workplaces are more exciting and rewarding than a big-time law office.
Few workplaces offer on-site day care or facilities for breast pumping.
Few workshops involve student presenters.
Few workstations have support for multiple simultaneously installed overlay colormaps.
Few writers are able to make as much from such a focus.
Few writers are into the unity thing.
Few writers are so expert that they can produce what they are after on the first try.
Few writers are willing to admit writing is autobiographical.
Few writers can admit that their writings are imperfect at best and can be improved.
Few writers can dash out a quality essay in just a few sittings.
Few writers can reach both the young and old for several generations.
Few writers can rival the vividness and eloquence of Hugo's style.
Few writers can work out so charming a narrative from so scanty materials.
Few writers can write that way.
Few writers comprehend the power of pacing and progression.
Few writers finish a paper writing about the exact topic they begin with.
Few writers get to tell about mob hits made on members of their own family.
Few writers know exactly how many revisions they do of a, poem, short story, or novel.
Few writers offer recommendations on what constitutes adequate water motion in the reef tank.
Few writers seek to achieve justice for justice sake.
Few xenoliths consist of lherzolite and pyroxenite viens.
Few yachts are available.
Few year hold later, either one supply from either commerce show.
Few years go by without a crisis that sends foreign capital fleeing and bolsas plunging.
Every few years brings an expensive technological revolution.
Some few years bring wealth.
Few yeasts are known from associations with mosquitoes.
Few youngsters go directly home.
Few youth think of a remaining life span of two or three years, or even of fifteen.
Fewer Aborigines own their homes.
Fewer accidents mean more work, better competitiveness, and lower social security costs.
Fewer acorns mean fewer deer and other mammals that depend on the nuts for food.
Fewer acres is better.
Fewer adjustments can help minimize chair time and maximize patient satisfaction.
Fewer adults are around.
Fewer airplanes means fewer jobs.
Fewer algae mean fewer shrimp and flies, which means less food for the birds.
Fewer amenities means fewer crowds, and sometimes that can be a big plus.
Fewer anglers mean less litter - and happier streamside landowners.
Fewer animals are intolerant of rice than they are of wheat, corn or soy.
Fewer animals create less impact on the land.
Fewer animals live in the cold desert.
Fewer animals means fewer mouths to feed.
Fewer animals reduce impact on the environment.
Fewer animals use the high salt marsh for food.
Fewer apartments are available.
Fewer assets mean more underway time per unit.
Fewer assets means fewer asset management fees.
Fewer assignments result in less mastery by the students of the subject.
Fewer attackers can quickly and completely cover their tracks than can break into a web server.
Fewer attempts means fewer yards.
Fewer axons means poorer control of effectors and poorer sensation.
Fewer babies mean fewer consumers, less demand for goods and services, and fewer jobs .
Fewer bacteria mean less offensive odor.
Fewer banks fail.
Fewer banks means less competition and, ultimately, higher fees for all consumers.
Fewer baptisms reflects the decreasing birth rate.
Fewer bars indicates the pressure was lower, more bars indicates the pressure was higher.
Fewer batteries means less weight to lift in and out of taxis, car boots and trains.
Fewer bearings relates to less maintenance.
Fewer bees mean less pollination and less honey.
Fewer bikes means fewer claims against car drivers.
Fewer Bills Discusses the various types of debt consolidation loans.
Fewer bills mean less government regulation and restriction.
Fewer bills permit legislators to spend more time their districts and less time in Sacramento.
Fewer births mean fewer potential students, which translates into less money for the schools.
Fewer bits mean more users can be accommodated.
Fewer bits result in more quantization errors.
Fewer blacks have surgery.
Fewer blacks take college entrance exams.
Fewer bones result in reduced skeletal mass.
Fewer books are available in the classroom and there is slightly less time in the library.
Fewer books tell what it was like to be a girl.
Fewer boxes reduce handling time and result in less waste.
Fewer boys care about the heroes and histories of the past.
Fewer bubbles means less agitation of the water that can break up and disperse the egg whites.
Fewer buses mean more people in cars.
Fewer buyers mean less competition in the cash market and, by extension, lower prices.
Fewer buyers result in fewer sales.
Fewer canes mean fewer flowers, but larger and better developed ones.
Fewer capacitors result in a smaller, less expensive regulator.
Fewer cars make less pollution .
Fewer cars make less pollution.
Fewer cars make more on-site parking available for everyone.
Fewer cars mean less pollution.
Fewer cars means cleaner beach air too.
Fewer cars promotes economic development, improves air quality and benefits business productivity.
Fewer cards is better from a system configuration and stability viewpoint.
Fewer cases come from legislative, executive or other actions.
Fewer categories are better than more.
Fewer cells are killed, thus there is a greater risk that abnormal cells can divide and spur cancer.
Fewer cells are produced, they migrate larger distances and take longer to mature.
Fewer cells dividing in the growth plates of bones mean that the bones grow more slowly.
Fewer changes enhance the use of data for comparisons over time.
Fewer changes yield greater efficiencies.
Fewer channels have to be equipped with electronics, although the cost per channel is increased.
Fewer characters make a domain name a little more convenient.
Fewer chart pulls.
Fewer chemicals used in gardening mean a lesser chance of pollution entering the water system.
Fewer chicks survive to replace adults killed by natural causes.
Fewer children die during infancy and the mortality rate for all children has continued to fall.
Fewer children die from infectious diseases, and seniors can expect to live longer.
Fewer children die in democracies than in dictatorships.
Fewer children die of illness.
Fewer children die, so families start having fewer children.
Fewer children graduate from high school.
Fewer children have access to high-quality preschool programs.
Fewer children make for fewer social problems and, thus, fewer conflicts.
Fewer children means more disposable income for consumer goods.
Fewer children play on the downtown streets.
Fewer chips means fewer optics, which means less weight.
Fewer chips means smaller handsets, less power consumption and a lower manufacturing price.
Fewer choices make it easier to order.
Fewer cigarettes mean a lower risk for cancer.
Fewer circuits are better than more circuits.
Fewer citizens turn out at the polls.
Fewer citizens view themselves as part of a political party.
Fewer claims mean less money spent and greater productivity.
Fewer clicks mean more productivity.
Fewer clients controlling greater dollars await our sales people.
Fewer clients equal superior understanding, service, and results.
Fewer clinicians are willing to teach.
Fewer clippings mean less effort.
Fewer clocks means faster access.
Fewer clubs understand their responsibility to the players.
Fewer cockroaches are always better.
Fewer colors can often mean a smaller file size, hence a faster download.
Fewer colors equal smaller files.
Fewer colors means a smaller file size.
Fewer colors reduce the quality slightly.
Fewer colors reduces load time.
Fewer columns equal more speed.
Fewer Columns Hides the rightmost column in the data pane.
Fewer commuters mean less road use and thus reduced repairs, a major capital expense.
Fewer companies appear to be repricing options.
Fewer companies are willing to outsource such tasks.
Fewer companies can afford to build a multibillion dollar fab.
Fewer companies making fewer products means higher prices and less innovation for consumers.
Fewer companies offer outplacement assistance to terminated workers.
Fewer competitors results in higher prices.
Fewer complications arise if the pregnancy is terminated within ten weeks.
Fewer components equals lower costs and higher reliability.
Fewer components make for increased drive reliability.
Fewer connections mean fewer possible points of failure and less equipment to manage.
Fewer connections mean less installation time.
Fewer connections means fewer opportunities for air or ozone to leak.
Fewer constraints can make the creative process more difficult for some.
Fewer consumers have freezers.
Fewer conversions means lower noise, so higher speeds are possible.
Fewer cords means less setup time for class lectures.
Fewer courses prescribe texts.
Fewer cows have digestive upsets and go off feed.
Fewer crashes mean fewer injuries and less damage.
Fewer crashes occur when vehicles are travelling at or about the same speed.
Fewer credits require proportionally fewer hours.
Fewer customers are automation or technology experts, nor do they want to be experts.
Fewer data are available on the food intakes of pastoralists.
Fewer data are likely to be available in the future.
Fewer data exist regarding duration of glucocorticoid therapy.
Fewer decisions means more attention paid to each decision and hence, better decisions.
Fewer defects are better.
Fewer defects mean fewer delays later.
Fewer details entails fewer bugs which in turn entails higher productivity.
Fewer dimensions are better than more in most cases when developing rubrics.
Fewer discs means more productive research.
Fewer diseases affect rye than other cereals.
Fewer distractions mean greater potential for efficiency.
Fewer distractions means safer kids.
Fewer divorces are the result of fewer people going down the aisle at all.
Fewer divorces is the goal.
Fewer divorces translate into a healthier community.
Fewer dollars are spent on active control operations, however a greater risk is accepted.
Fewer dollars can serve more people.
Fewer dollars spent on imported oil means lower heating bills and more money to buy other things.
Fewer drawings make the action faster and crisper.
Fewer drawings make the action faster and more drawings make the action slower.
Fewer drives mean lower operating and maintenance costs.
Fewer drivers using the street creates more and longer gaps for pedestrians to cross.
Fewer dump stops, since there is no water weight to dump.
Fewer duties means a smaller budget.
Fewer dyes are available for reds and yellows and still fewer for blues and greens.
Fewer ecosystems are able to function adequately to sustain human populations.
Fewer eggs are laid in the second batch.
Fewer eggs means fewer proteins, a slower rate of coagulation, and slower cooking.
Fewer electrons give an ion a positive charge.
Fewer emissions mean cleaner air.
Fewer emissions result from walking to the local book store for the same item.
Fewer employees are available to facilitate separation of functions.
Fewer employees can mean increased profits.
Fewer employees expect to get one.
Fewer employees mean fewer gatekeepers to the chief's office.
Fewer employees mean fewer researchers for new drugs.
Fewer employees stay in a job long enough to qualify for a gold watch.
Fewer employees use the services offered by the portal.
Fewer errors means more credibility and thereby increases user trust .
Fewer errors occur allowing higher throughput.
Fewer establishments impose specific limits on meal or lodging expenses.
Fewer examinations mean fewer examiners.
Fewer eyes mean fewer passes.
Fewer faces means faster drawing since the objects are less complicated.
Fewer factors influence the contraceptive behaviour of sexually active female teenagers.
Fewer factories means fewer people to process the same quantity of product.
Fewer faculty do the work that used to be shared among a larger team.
Fewer families are fully dependent upon their animals and summer harvests for survival.
Fewer families eat a meal together during the day, even once during the week.
Fewer families hold funerals for their members at home.
Fewer families make a living on the farm.
Fewer families own family plots or know where they want to be buried.
Fewer families qualify, but a lot more are actually taking the vouchers.
Fewer families report problems affording housing than they report worries about food.
Fewer farmers mean that the ag sector has even fewer votes.
Fewer fasteners results in lower installation costs and reduced heat loss through the wall.
Fewer features is better than more inclusive and complex.
Fewer features means quicker image generation.
Fewer fires mean fewer lives senselessly lost to fire.
Fewer firms are willing to donate human resources.
Fewer fish mean less maintenance, basically.
Fewer fish means a longer buffet line and tougher competition among bears.
Fewer fish means less food for otters.
Fewer fishermen can afford the expense of the wooden vessels.
Fewer fittings mean fewer potential leaks and fewer callbacks.
Fewer fixtures translate into both lower initial cost and lower energy cost.
Fewer folks are willing to buy in the face of a potential, major retracement.
Fewer folks trekking to offices means fewer cars clogging the roads and polluting the air.
Fewer forests mean more carbon dioxide in the air.
Fewer fractures occur after puberty.
Fewer frames have to be transferred for processing although each one is larger.
Fewer frogs eating bugs means there are more bugs.
Fewer gates means lower power, which means further savings in system cost.
Fewer gifts can only mean fewer ethical questions.
Fewer graduates have a desire to work in rural and isolated places.
Fewer graduates mean there is less qualified society to do important jobs.
Fewer grapes create happier, stress-free plants.
Fewer groups get block grants.
Fewer guns are only part of the story.
Fewer hands go up.
Fewer hands touching the computer mean fewer things to worry about.
Fewer harvests mean less harvest time for farm workers and thus lower overall income.
Fewer hassles mean improved customer satisfaction.
Fewer homes cluster on the steeper slopes of the Nevada-side of the South Shore.
Fewer hops translate into fewer delays and much improved reliability.
Fewer hospitalizations increase the liberty of the patient.
Fewer hours equals less money.
Fewer hours means cost savings to both the student and the State.
Fewer houses mean fewer children swelling the ever-increasing enrollments in local schools.
Fewer immigrants settle in nonmetro areas and most fare less well than metro immigrants.
Fewer individuals are willing to put up with worn out irrigation systems.
Fewer ingredients take less time to cook.
Fewer injuries mean better productivity and lower costs.
Fewer injuries occur while walking than in most other sports.
Fewer inspections frees up more time for training and other activities like their school program.
Fewer inspectors are in the field.
Fewer interventions mean healthier babies and happier mothers.
Fewer items make a bigger visual impact, as well as take less time to dust.
Fewer jobs are open today to the unskilled.
Fewer jobs mean fewer or poorer customers.
Fewer jobs mean less demand for housing and thus less value.
Fewer jobs provide earnings sufficient to meet basic needs.
Fewer joints mean less leaks and simplified maintenance.
Fewer keystrokes do the work.
Fewer kids equals fewer programs.
Fewer kids show up late for class.
Fewer lamps generate less heat, so cooling costs are lowered.
Fewer lamprey means more quality fish and fishing for years to come.
Fewer landfills means more space for people to farm, live, and work.
Fewer laptops have DVI .
Fewer laws lead to higher profits due to increased efficiency.
Fewer lawsuits free the justice system for other matters.
Fewer lawsuits mean less attorney fees and court costs.
Fewer lawsuits mean smaller legal bills.
Fewer layoffs suggests more people have jobs.
Fewer leaders report capacity problems.
Fewer Leaves Mean More Fruit.
Fewer legislators are in less flexible occupations - such as law or farming.
Fewer lesbians have children than do heterosexual women.
Fewer libraries pass on fees to patrons.
Fewer licenses make for easier understanding with the community and our customers.
Fewer links mean less hair damage.
Fewer loans mean fewer dollars in circulation, indicating a weakened economy.
Fewer magazines refuse to considered unagented submissions.
Fewer males are married so the total of unmarried for both sexes is more than double that shown.
Fewer men act it.
Fewer men are therefore eligible to vote.
Fewer men get breast cancer than women, but men can get breast cancer.
Fewer men own houses because many prefer to rent apartments.
Fewer manufacturers make aluminum sticks.
Fewer manufacturers offer alkyd paints than traditional oils.
Fewer marriages means fewer potential divorces.
Fewer materials being incinerated and landfilled means less potential for pollution.
Fewer media means higher rates.
Fewer members end up with dealer financing.
Fewer members flunk out, and academic-oriented students are more likely to join.
Fewer members work in farming as the surrounding area has grown and developed.
Fewer messages result in a less accurate fix.
Fewer microbreweries make ordering beer less needlessly complicated.
Fewer middlemen mean a larger cut for the artist.
Fewer mines means fewer workers.
Fewer mistakes mean fewer incorrect claims.
Fewer models are available, and prices are higher.
Fewer models makes selection easier.
Fewer money worries, more health worries.
Fewer mosquitoes enter the room.
Fewer moths hang around porchlights on nights with a full moon.
Fewer mothers introduce solid foods before four months or unmodified cow s milk before six months.
Fewer motorists are from farms.
Fewer moves are acceptable.
Fewer moves save precious time and material and improved weeding.
Fewer moves save precious time.
Fewer nodules are present after desynapsis.
Fewer nurses means fewer surgeries can be performed.
Fewer nutrients means there is less fuel for algae overgrowth.
Fewer officers mean longer waiting times for everything from accident scenes to major crimes.
Fewer openings are better.
Fewer opportunities are available with professional sports team.
Fewer options exist for Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
Fewer options exist.
Fewer organizations exist to help with land travel than for air travel.
Fewer organizations understand it and fewer still know how to prevent it.
Fewer overheads are our secret.
Fewer oysters mean browner water and, thus, less sea grass and fewer crabs.
Fewer packers mean fewer buyers and less price competition.
Fewer pages are available for the English version.
Fewer pages are best with younger children.
Fewer pages is better.
Fewer parasites inhabit a single host, so less damage is done.
Fewer parishes seem to venture out of a very safe repertoire.
Fewer parts lead to increased reliability.
Fewer parts mean fewer maintenance worries.
Fewer parts mean less cost, and faster, cheaper assembly.
Fewer parts mean maximum reliability and ease of production.
Fewer parts mean reduced noise and lower friction.
Fewer parts mean the machines last longer.
Fewer parts means fewer failures and less service.
Fewer parts means lower cost.
Fewer parts means lower energy dissipation and simplified maintenance.
Fewer participants are better, as the point of diminishing returns is reached quickly.
Fewer passes mean fewer catches.
Fewer passes mean less clock stoppages and short games.
Fewer patients require emergency treatment or hospital admissions.
Fewer people act like they're having a good time.
Fewer people are available to do the work.
Fewer people are familiar with the second publication based on laboratory work done at Berkeley.
Fewer people are hungry-roughly one out of six.
Fewer people are in mental hospitals and most who are there stay only for a short time.
Fewer people are interested in large, slow graphic design with no content.
Fewer people are likely to have ethical qualms about using pigs as a source for organs.
Fewer people are on welfare.
Fewer people are smoking, so the habit is more obvious.
Fewer people are unemployed due to the recent improvements in the economy.
Fewer people are willing to break the rules to get ahead.
Fewer people are willing to cooperate in surveys, especially in urban areas.
Fewer people are willing to go into nursing because of wage and quality of life issues.
Fewer people attend the annual meeting each year.
Fewer people believe that that's a feasible objective.
Fewer people can afford donations.
Fewer people can afford to contribute.
Fewer people can also mean fewer dollars spent on space and equipment.
Fewer people can make the shows.
Fewer people choose to participate in the labor force.
Fewer people climb west peak and the pad is less obvious.
Fewer people die in the cold, less money is spent on energy, growing seasons are longer.
Fewer people die of famine nowadays than in earlier centuries.
Fewer people die of famine than in earlier centuries.
Fewer people die young now than in the seventeenth century.
Fewer people enter psychoanalysis of any sort, including Jungian analysis.
Fewer people go to the movies, and television advertising is down.
Fewer people go to watch long distance running.
Fewer people have access to employees' pay information.
Fewer people have access to the Web than to newspapers or broadcast media.
Fewer people have cars.
Fewer people have first-hand knowledge of the event.
Fewer people have health insurance each year.
Fewer people have Internet access and there are strictures on TV due to religion.
Fewer people have to rely on university or office networks for high speed connections.
Fewer people have true food allergy involving the immune system.
Fewer people is good.
Fewer people know about the equally high quality of their inspired locker-room shenanigans.
Fewer people know how to use the Internet as a business tool.
Fewer people know of the dogs' aptitude for modern athletics.
Fewer people know of their powerful love and relationship.
Fewer people know that leprechauns store their oil underground near Bakersfield, California.
Fewer people know that the main libraries have PC s which anyone can use.
Fewer people know their neighbors.
Fewer people live in rural areas.
Fewer people live in that freeze-dried land than in the Bay Area.
Fewer people live in Vermont than any other state east of the Mississippi River.
Fewer people mean lower total consumption and waste.
Fewer people mean the government has to be more efficient.
Fewer people means less support for small town businesses.
Fewer people means more money.
Fewer people own more radio stations.
Fewer people participate in the muzzleloading season than in any other weapon season.
Fewer people passing germs around, long term, means fewer people out of work.
Fewer people plan families.
Fewer people put less strain on the resources of the planet.
Fewer people read newspapers, but millions tune in to talk radio.
Fewer people read radical newspapers.
Fewer people realise that it is also best for mother's health.
Fewer people realize how fast water can rise in a small stream to flood a low-water crossing area.
Fewer people realize that farmers are victims, in part, of their own success.
Fewer people report that they are paying attention to candidates and what they are talking about.
Fewer people require fewer resources.
Fewer people seem to be interested in singing.
Fewer people seem to have the time or inclination to cook seriously.
Fewer people seem to know much about or participate in government.
Fewer people shop for home insurance than auto insurance.
Fewer people submit resumes directly to companies during the holiday period.
Fewer people suffer from the student-athlete illusion.
Fewer people test at one time.
Fewer people visit cinemas in Germany after years of increased attendance.
Fewer people visit during the winter months.
Fewer people visit the park in autumn.
Fewer people vote in congressional elections a.
Fewer people vote on non-controversial laws, while important legislation takes longer to pass.
Fewer people work in the tobacco industry now.
Many fewer people ski there, it's farther away, a bit more dangerous, and farther from help.
Fewer persons are afraid of seeming weird or different and are reporting paranormal occurrences.
Fewer persons experience mild constitutional symptoms.
Fewer pesticides lead to better food and a friendlier climate.
Fewer pesticides mean less risk of exposure.
Fewer pesticides reduce pollution and degradation of our environment.
Fewer photos permits more copy.
Fewer physicians agree as to the clinical markers signaling the time to initiate discussions.
Fewer pieces mean less time.
Fewer pit stops mean fewer chances to make adjustments and make the car better.
Fewer places can monitor mosquito populations.
Fewer plants survive, and biomass is lost.
Fewer platelets can increase the chance of bleeding.
Fewer plays focus strictly on the lesbian experience.
Fewer players means the market swings up and down more erratically.
Fewer pockets present less temptation to overload the jacket.
Fewer points reduce closing costs.
Fewer policies force employees to treat thorny situations uniquely and creatively.
Fewer pollinators means fewer flowers.
Fewer posts are available due to local government reorganisation.
Fewer predators means that the prey can now increase in number.
Fewer pregnancies happen with continued use.
Fewer pregnancies occur when intercourse takes place only on the dry days following ovulation.
Fewer pregnancies occur with continued use.
Fewer pregnancies reduce the mother s risk of maternal depletion and maternal death.
Fewer press stops.
Fewer problems arise from a supinated foot but can lead to outside ankle or knee pain.
Fewer problems occur when starting in the afternoon.
Fewer problems translate into higher customer satisfaction.
Fewer producers have an interest in yield mapping.
Fewer products are available, and market demand is small so far.
Fewer properties suffer from low pressure, fewer people have their supplies interrupted.
Fewer providers perform second trimester procedures.
Fewer pups are successfully reared to maturity when food is scarce.
Fewer qualifiers means tighter, clearer, more concrete work.
Fewer questions arise between children and caregivers, making confusion less likely.
Fewer races ought to mean larger fields.
Fewer repairs result in lower maintenance costs.
Fewer residents participate in curbside recycling.
Fewer resources are available for compulsive gamblers and their families.
Fewer resources make ideas of autonomy in defense production and development unrealistic.
Fewer resources mean poorer speed and performance.
Fewer resources require less money.
Fewer resources tend to produce fewer studies.
Fewer returns reduce kernel damage and rotor loss.
Fewer roads lead in and out of the area for criminals to use.
Fewer robots have problems detecting the candle or extinguishing it, but it does happen.
Fewer rocks means fewer feeding opportunities, and fewer fish, period.
Fewer rooms coming on line means firmer pricing.
Fewer roosters going into winter is a good thing for the hens.
Fewer rules have the added bonus of improving performance.
Fewer rules means fewer problems.
Fewer runs means fewer arrays in the input buffer, which implies fewer seeks.
Fewer sales have a negative impact on inventory levels.
Fewer sales mean less money for new music, and to a emerging artist, every new sale counts.
Fewer sales mean less money for new music, and, to an emerging artist, every new sale counts.
Fewer sales mean less money for new music.
Fewer sales mean reduced revenue and fewer jobs.
Fewer seams means quicker installations and and a superior looking surface.
Fewer searches means lower disbursements, the savings usually exceeding the one-time premium.
Fewer seedlings emerge and plant growth is adversely affected.
Fewer servers encourages longer spacing between drinks and easier monitoring of repeat requests.
Fewer servers means a reduced total cost of ownership.
Fewer service calls.
Fewer service lives due to excessive carbide removal necessary in achieving a sharp cutting edge.
Fewer sessions means fewer papers, obviously.
Fewer shipments limit sales of software, which has wider profit margins.
Fewer shops can handle larger work.
Fewer sites carry it, and it has little traffic.
Fewer sites deal with commercial information.
Fewer smokers are alive.
Fewer snags mean more hookups with trout, reds, etc. in backwaters or weedy areas.
Fewer sociologists find employment in non-traditional settings practicing sociology.
Fewer sources means less time in meetings with salespeople.
Fewer spaces are available for non-Medicaid persons.
Fewer spaces are available for spring semester entry.
Fewer species are on islands far from the mainland or other continental source.
Fewer species live on islands than on the nearest continents.
Fewer sperm reach the site of fertilization or perhaps take a longer time to reach it.
Fewer sprays mean less chance of resistance to streptomycin developing.
Fewer sprays translates to greater profitability.
Fewer staff leave residential work in Northern Ireland after qualifying training than elsewhere.
Fewer staff means greater risk of malpractice.
Fewer staff means more money for the company.
Fewer stars are visible to the east of the nebula because of a large, obscuring dust cloud.
Fewer stars indicate a less likely match.
Fewer stars limits the amount of rushing they can do.
Fewer statements implies improved comprehension.
Fewer stems mean larger flowers, and less crowding helps prevent mildew.
Fewer steps leading to the top of the fort make the climb comfortable and less strenuous.
Fewer steps mean higher quality.
Fewer steps mean quicker, higher quality and more responsive processes.
Fewer steps means less problem.
Fewer stocks have a greater impact.
Fewer Stops Make a schedule that can be kept, even if it means fewer stops.
Fewer stops mean fewer opportunities for delay.
Fewer stops mean more on-time deliveries.
Fewer strokes is good.
Fewer strokes means less energy spent.
Fewer students are at-risk in grades six and eight.
Fewer students can afford to enroll full time for their academic studies.
Fewer students can fall through the cracks here.
Fewer students enroll in classes during spring semester than in the fall.
Fewer students equates fewer dollars.
Fewer students exhibit inappropriate behavior at school.
Fewer students fail courses.
Fewer students fail or drop out of the courses.
Fewer students fail to respond .
Fewer students head for the lounges in residence halls to converse or relax.
Fewer students know what exactly the offices offer.
Fewer students live on campus, making it more difficult to have a common student experience.
Fewer students mean fewer dollars received in state funding.
Fewer students means less revenue.
Fewer students means less support from the state.
Fewer students participate than some consolidation advocates predicted.
Fewer students report being insulted.
Fewer students result in a lower budget allocation.
Fewer studies evaluate consumer acceptance of various beef products.
Fewer studies exist that model genetic transmission of language capabilities.
Fewer studies highlight successful planning and management approaches at a broader scale.
Fewer suppliers can thus bargain for a larger piece of a larger pie.
Fewer surprises equals happier customers.
Fewer surprises means project savings.
Fewer teachers mean fewer kids are getting a quality education.
Fewer teachers means crowded classrooms and less individual attention to students.
Fewer tears can cause problems for some contact lens wearers.
Fewer teens believe drugs are dangerous.
Fewer teens have best friends or solid romantic relationships.
Fewer teens risking pregnancy means fewer teens risking abortion.
Fewer teenagers approve of drug use today.
Fewer tests mean less stress and more uninterrupted sleep for the baby.
Fewer tests save money and time and increase patient satisfaction.
Fewer things are harder to put up with than a good example.
Fewer things go wrong when designers control every aspect of their projects.
Fewer tools means, less cost, less inventory, and less weight in an operators tool box.
Fewer tosses allow less variability, so increase the chances of a biased sample.
Fewer tourists know that one of Italy's most fascinating cities is Siracusa.
Fewer tourists tackle the trail, which is definitely grueling in places.
Fewer tourists visit the country.
Fewer toys means less solitary play and more sharing.
Fewer tracks means greater attention lavished on each track.
Fewer trails exist in the western part of the park due to the more rugged terrain.
Fewer trees equal less oxygen.
Fewer trees require less soil moisture.
Fewer truck rolls to the customer site.
Fewer turns means too much cash is being tied up in inventory.
Fewer users sharing the pipe gives each user more bandwidth.
Fewer vehicles mean lower maintenance and repair costs.
Fewer vendors are better than more vendors.
Fewer viewers seem to be falling for the hype.
Fewer visits are more cost-effective.
Fewer visitors hike in Idaho and the scenery is amazing.
Fewer voids result in better durability.
Fewer volunteers means fewer problems next season.
Fewer wars mean fewer veterans.
Much fewer webpages are available in comparison to search engines.
Fewer weeds germinate at higher concentrations of both chemicals.
Fewer weeds germinate under zero-tillage because of the reduction in soil disturbance.
Fewer weeds make for easier harvesting and better sale prices.
Fewer weeds mean higher yields and higher income.
Fewer wells mean less disturbance of the environment. .
Fewer wells mean less disturbance of the environment.
Fewer wells mean less drilling waste.
Fewer women competing in races means at any given performance level there are fewer women.
Fewer women know their exact age than men do.
Fewer women know they CAN squirt.
Fewer women means fewer children.
Fewer women quit smoking than men.
Fewer women receive inadequate prenatal care than the peer group or the state.
Fewer women smoke during pregnancy.
Fewer women smoke, drink, or meet with fatal accidents than do men.
Fewer women surveyed have a diversified portfolio of conservative and risky investments than men.
Fewer words are better, and three to five words are optimal for quick readability.
Fewer words are better.
Fewer words represent cleaner, clearer thinking and thus communicate thoughts more crisply.
Fewer workers are likely to be displaced from their jobs in the future.
Fewer Workers Are Unemployed or Under-employed.
Fewer workers can count on guaranteed job security, regardless of their occupational status.
Fewer workers can expect to stay with a single employer throughout their work life.
Fewer workers can feed more people, even if that means some frozen fish.
Fewer workers can now produce more and more of our needs.
Fewer workers have health insurance as more people work in smaller, service businesses.
Fewer workers mean an extra cabin or two for paying passengers.
Fewest points win.
Fexible design allows it to be used effectively in oil, coal and environmental logging applications.
A fez is a cap
Fez takes up ballet to meet girls.
Fez therefore becomes the first Islamic town in Morocco.
Fezs are caps.
Fezs are part of moroccos.
Fezzes fly off when something good has just happened.
FFA links are of poor quality .
FFA pages are different than search engines.
FFA pages are very busy pages and use a great deal of resources.
FFA submissions are a hotly debated topic.
FFA submissions are generally very low impact types of promotion.
FFAs areas are the place for the best pickings.
FFE proposals are available to look at on the web and on reserve at the library.
All FFIS subscribers are eligible to receive State Policy Reports at a substantially reduced price.
FGS clients can leverage off our extensive knowledge and use that expertise for their own needs.
FHSS products are smaller, lighter and consume less power.
FHSS products spend milliseconds at each frequency.
FHSS systems are capable of leaping past interference, but at the price of delayed data flow.
FHSS technology allows significantly lighter products to be developed.
FHSS technology improves calling range and clarity, and eliminates cross talk.
Fiance visas tend to be pretty fast.
A fiance is a lover
Fiance comes home early and gets the mail.
A fiancee is a lover
Fiancee is co-owner of house.
A fiasco is a collapse
Fiasco isa happening.
Fiasco isa occurrence.
Fiascoes provide the best learning experiences.
All fiat currencies are debt instruments, which are issued against a value building transaction.
Fiat money has little, if any, intrinsic value.
Fiat money is anything declared to be money by the issuing state.
Fiat money is money by government decree .
Fiat money is money by government decree.
Fiat money is money in both the broader and narrower senses.
Fiat money is one of the greatest evils ever to befall mankind.
Fiat money is paper currency
Fiat money is paper money.
Fiat money is the financial foundation of all aspects of the social democratic welfare disaster.
Fiat money is unbacked paper currency.
Fiat money results in nominal growth and less real growth.
Fiat is an act
Fiats are the most popular, which are owned by more than three million people.
Fibber content increases three to four times that of whole wheat bread.
Fiber analyses can indicate the cell wall content of hay.
Fiber arts are, to be sure, intensely hands-on work.
Fiber artists reach out with hands-on activities for the public.
Many fiber artists work with multiple fibers and a variety of techniques.
Most fiber artists exhibit in a wide arena of museums, galleries and corporate settings.
Some fiber artists use fabric.
A fiber bundle is nerve tissue
Fiber bundles are available in both singlemode and multimode types.
Fiber bundles are nervous tissue.
Fiber bundles are part of nervous systems.
Fiber bundles come in flexible, goose neck and ring light forms.
Fiber bundles find use primarily in coherent and image transmitting optical systems.
Fiber cable is also unique in the typical length of pull.
Fiber cable is lightweight, much lighter than copper conductor cable.
Fiber cables are inherently very reliable, extensible and secure.
Fiber cables are substantially lighter in weight and occupy much less volume than copper cables.
All fiber cable is to be protected with inner duct.
Fiber cement has high compressive strength and is strong enough to serve as a support-free overhang.
Fiber diets have benefits.
Fiber diets have many benefits.
Fiber diets help healthy skin.
Fiber diets help skin.
Fiber diets help symptoms.
Fiber diets help weight.
Fiber diets interfere with absorption.
Fiber diets interfere with calcium absorption.
Fiber diets prevent hunger.
Fiber diets support digestive health.
Fiber diets support health.
Fiber food contains high proteins.
Fiber food contains proteins.
Fiber food includes other vegetables.
Fiber food includes vegetables.
Fiber glass contains no chemicals that can corrode pipes and wiring.
Fiber glass has many of the same characteristics as asbestos.
Fiber glass is another way to do it, but the rust eventually comes back.
Fiber glass is the most widely used material.
Fiber glass is very sensitive.
Fiber grating is a simple and good approach for the stabilization of the pump laser diode.
Fiber intake provides benefits.
Fiber intake provides health benefits.
Fiber intake provides many benefits.
Fiber intake provides many health benefits.
Fiber optic is available in the capital and digital is being introduced.
Fiber optic is immune to environmental hazards such as lightning.
Fiber optic is more difficult to terminate than copper.
Fiber optic is more expensive than copper and requires special tools and training to manipulate.
Fiber optic is plenty fast enough for the task.
Fiber optic is the future.
Fiber optic signaling prevents electromagnetic interference, which can occur in hydraulic systems.
Fiber optic uses light instead of electricty so it potentially faster.
Fiber optics allow convenient separation of the sample probe from the electronics enclosure.
Fiber optics allows phone calls to be coded into light pulses and sent through glass fibers.
Fiber optics are a cheaper form of communication than wire cables.
Fiber optics are a way of transmitting light through high-quality plastic fibers.
Fiber optics are capable of carrying much greater bandwidth technologies such as full motion video.
Fiber optics are capable of transmitting many interactive video channels simultaneously.
Fiber optics are fiber.
Fiber optics are light waves.
Fiber optics are more compact, can transmit a signal farther and are less subject to interference.
Fiber optics are much cheaper than copper per circuit but somewhat more expensive per unit length.
Fiber optics are thin, flexible glass strands that transmit voice, data and images as light.
Fiber optics are thin, flexible strands of plastic or glass that transmit light.
Fiber optics are transmissions.
Fiber optics can carry far more information than equivalent copper wires.
Fiber optics can carry much more information than copper wire.
Fiber optics can handle all three disciplines.
Fiber optics conduct less light when bent.
Fiber optics connect a PC to the array electronics.
Fiber optics continues to capture investors' attention, but that's the concern.
Fiber optics deliver total protection of control circuits from devastating lightning strikes.
Fiber optics depend on glass fiber of special composition and are made using specific processes.
Fiber optics form the backbone of broadband telecommunication systems.
Fiber optics has possible revenue making capabilities.
Fiber optics has wider bandwidth than any other available cable.
Fiber optics have a greater capacity for information which means smaller cables can be used.
Fiber optics have the highest bandwidth.
Fiber optics is a fast growing area.
Fiber optics is a fast moving technology.
Fiber optics is a highly secure medium.
Fiber optics is a particularly popular technology for local-area networks .
Fiber optics is a particularly popular technology for local-area networks.
Fiber optics is a piece of it.
Fiber optics is a rapidly growing technology with many applications.
Fiber optics is a way of transmitting light through high-quality glass or acrylic fibers.
Fiber optics is about photons, and companies dealing with photonics are going to be big winners.
Fiber optics is also the best technology for teleconferencing.
Fiber optics is an application of such reflection.
Fiber optics is available in the Park.
Fiber optics is composed of microscopic strands of glass.
Fiber optics is considered the fastest method of transferring information.
Fiber optics is damn important technology.
Fiber optics is dandy, but it sure doesn t come cheap.
Fiber optics is extremely expensive.
Fiber optics is faster and more secure than satellites.
Fiber optics is just the start of the oncoming photonics world.
Fiber optics is more expensive and more fragile.
Fiber optics is more expensive.
Fiber optics is of major importance in communications and related fields.
Fiber optics is recognized as the most promising, future-proof technology to replace copper.
Fiber optics is the latest hot ticket among European venture capitalists.
Fiber optics is the new medium that is changing the information technology dream into reality.
Fiber optics is the preferred method of carrying Internet, voice, video and data communications.
Fiber optics is the preferred method of carrying voice, video and data communications.
Fiber optics is the preferred method of carrying voice, video or data communications.
Fiber optics is the preferred transmission technology for Internet, video, voice and data traffic.
Fiber optics is the state of the art for cabling systems.
Fiber optics is the theme in the picture at left.
Fiber optics is.
Fiber optics overcome that problem through the makeup of the fiber itself.
Fiber optics runs from the system's headend to the neighborhood nodes.
Fiber optics take communications to the next level .
Fiber optics transmit light rather than electricity.
Fiber optics uses solid state semiconductor type lasers.
Fiber optics view the entire chamber volume to measure the total stimulable light of the population.
Fiber optics work very well in enterprise networks as a backbone infrastructure.
Fiber optics works by carrying light along hair-thin filaments of glass.
Fiber optics works well in hazardous locations.
All fiber optics work on the principal of total internal reflection.
Fiber product is used for blood oxygenators and kidney dialysis devices.
Fiber proteins bind to host cell receptors.
Fiber proteins bind to receptors.
Most fiber proteins bind to host cell receptors.
Fiber supplements are also readily available.
Fiber supplements are available in many different forms, including pills and powder.
Fiber supplements are hazardous to children younger than two years of age.
Fiber supplements are readily available.
Fiber supplements can help regulate stools to make the passage through the intestine easier.
Fiber supplements soften and bulk up stool and nix constipation.
Most fiber supplements have a gritty and unpleasant taste.
Fiber type grouping without fiber atrophy suggests chronic non-progressive denervation.
Fiber absorbs large amounts of water, and water-soaked fiber bulks up and softens the stool.
Fiber absorbs the fluid and makes stools more formed if the problem is diarrhea.
Fiber absorbs water and carries it out of the body which can cause dehydration.
Fiber absorbs water and helps move food and waste through the gastrointestinal tract more quickly.
Fiber absorbs water and lends bulk to the intestinal contents.
Fiber absorbs water as it moves through the digestive tract.
Fiber absorbs water, so stools are naturally larger, softer and easier to be moved through.
Fiber absorbs water.
Fiber acts as a broom to sweep out cancer-causing substances from the bowel.
Fiber acts as a stool normalizer.
Fiber acts like a sponge in the intestines, holding in water.
Fiber adds bulk.
Fiber affects levels of estrogens in the body.
Fiber attracts and binds water in the large bowel.
Fiber binds cholesterol and can help in cholesterol reduction.
Fiber binds cholesterol resulting in lower cholesterol levels.
Fiber binds to estrogen in the bowel and eliminates it.
Fiber binds with and eliminates cancer-causing substances in our bodies.
Fiber boosts bandwidth and reduces costs.
Fiber bundles the easy way.
Fiber can be an important component of some beverage products.
Fiber can be helpful because it improves how the intestines work.
Fiber can be single-mode or multimode.
Fiber carries bile and fat out of the body.
Fiber Check out our services.
Fiber cleans out mucus from the intestinal tract and lowers cholesterol.
Fiber comes from multiple sources.
Fiber comes from plant foods only, and includes breads, cereals, legumes, fruits, and vegetables.
Fiber comes from sources.
Fiber comes in both soluble and insoluble forms.
Fiber comes in thousands of forms.
Fiber connects the cabinet to the telco central office.
Fiber consists of cellulose.
Fiber contains chemicals.
Fiber contains proteins.
Fiber contributes bulk, absorbs water, and speeds transit through the intestines.
Fiber contributes in several ways to aid in weight loss.
Fiber crimp increases bulk and cover and facilitates interlocking of staple fibers in spun yarns.
Fiber crimp retains resin and resists resin drain-out.
Fiber decreases the transit time through the intestine.
Fiber does guard against other serious health problems.
Fiber does, however, offer a number of advantages over copper.
Fiber encourages healthy digestion and can help prevent constipation.
Fiber facilitates detoxification and bolsters our natural defenses against parasites and fungi.
Fiber facilitates digestion.
Fiber facilitates proper digestion.
Fiber feeds and maintains a healthy intestinal flora.
Fiber forms sheaths.
Fiber goes farther and has greater reliability, but a higher cost.
Fiber has additional benefits.
Fiber has benefits.
Fiber has effects.
Fiber has fatty sheaths.
Fiber has health benefits.
Fiber has important benefits.
Fiber has many benefits.
Fiber has many health benefits.
Fiber has net effects.
Fiber has positive effects.
Fiber has profound effects.
Fiber has roles.
Fiber has same health benefits.
Fiber has sheaths.
Fiber has structures.
Fiber helps address the concern about the prevalence of obesity in pets.
Fiber helps bacterium levels.
Fiber helps blood cholesterol levels.
Fiber helps blood sugar levels.
Fiber helps cholesterol levels.
Fiber helps constipation.
Fiber helps control blood sugar levels.
Fiber helps detoxify.
Fiber helps digestion as well as elimination.
Fiber helps digestion.
Fiber helps exercise the digestive track and keep it clean and healthy.
Fiber helps form soft, bulky stool.
Fiber helps healthy cholesterol levels.
Fiber helps in the prevention of constipation.
Fiber helps keep cholesterol levels in check and plays a role in preventing colon cancer.
Fiber helps keep digested food bulky and soft as it passes through the colon.
Fiber helps keep vessels clear.
Fiber helps levels.
Fiber helps lower blood cholesterol levels.
Fiber helps lower blood cholesterol.
Fiber helps lower cancer and heart disease risks, studies show.
Fiber helps lower cholesterol and control blood sugars.
Fiber helps lower cholesterol rates, which are one of the major risk factors for heart disease.
Fiber helps lower cholesterol, reducing the risk of heart disease.
Fiber helps lower levels.
Fiber helps maintain normal bowel function.
Fiber helps prevent and manage constipation.
Fiber helps prevent bowel cancer.
Fiber helps prevent constipation as well as heart disease, diabetes, and obesity.
Fiber helps prevent hairballs and other serious intestinal problems.
Fiber helps prevent hemorrhoids.
Fiber helps prevents constipation and hemorrhoids by retaining water in the stool.
Fiber helps propel wastes through the digestive tract and safely out of the colon.
Fiber helps reduce blood cholesterol levels, cutting heart disease risk.
Fiber helps reduce calorie intake and fat storage.
Fiber helps reduce cholesterol.
Fiber helps reduce toxins in the body.
Fiber helps regulate blood sugar levels as well.
Fiber helps regulate the metabolism, controls body weight and supports a healthy, active colon.
Fiber helps sustain blood sugar levels and promotes bowel regularity.
Fiber helps to prevent the recycling of liver bile.
Fiber helps to reduce bad cholesterol.
Fiber helps to reduce blood sugar surges.
Fiber helps to reduce the risk of heart disease and some forms of cancer.
Fiber helps to regulate bowel function and relieve constipation.
Fiber helps toxins.
Fiber helps waste pass through the body more quickly, preventing the hard stools of constipation.
Fiber includes cotton.
Fiber includes fiber.
Fiber includes insoluble fiber.
Fiber includes materials.
Fiber increases bulk and water in the intestinal contents.
Fiber increases dietary bulk, making chewing more work, and giving a feeling of fullness.
Fiber increases excretion.
Fiber increases fecal excretion.
Fiber increases fecal n excretion.
Fiber increases n excretion.
Fiber increases stool bulk and is a very important part of any constipation program.
Fiber interferes with absorption of numerous medications.
Fiber interrupts most steps of the estrogen pathway.
Fiber is a material
Fiber is cord.
Fiber is fabric.
Fiber is materials.
Fiber is solid objects.
Fiber isa material.
Fiber isa stuff.
Fiber lowers cholesterol and is linked to lower incidences of some cancers and heart disease.
Fiber moves the bowels.
Fiber offers bandwidth well in excess of that required for today's network applications.
Fiber offers protection.
Fiber performs functions.
Fiber performs same functions.
Fiber plays a key role in the health of the digestive system.
Fiber plays an important role in colon health, helping to rid the body of toxins and adding bulk.
Fiber prevents clogging of a feeding tube.
Fiber provides benefits.
Fiber provides health benefits.
Fiber reduces constipation.
Fiber reduces estrogen levels.
Fiber reduces the absorption of most minerals.
Fiber reduces the risk of colon problems and infections.
Fiber reduces the risk of heart disease, constipation, diverticulitis, and diabetes.
Fiber reduces the time it takes for wastes to pass through the intestinal tract.
Fiber requires removals.
Fiber runs right into our building.
Fiber slows down the rate at which glucose is absorbed from food into the bloodstream.
Fiber slows the digestive process so that absorption of glucose proceeds more slowly.
Fiber slows the intestinal absorption of sugar and helps to level out blood sugar levels.
Fiber softens when it absorbs water.
Fiber speeds up transit time through intestine.
Fiber stimulates peristalsis.
Fiber takes time to get in the ground.
Fiber tends to quicken the transit time of waste elimina- tion.
Fiber tends to slow down digestion, thus preventing sudden spikes of blood glucose.
Fiber therefore helps push constipated stool out.
Fiber travels through the digestive system better with liquid.
Fiber turns out to be only one part of the picture.
Fiber works by drawing fluids from the body to add bulk to the stool.
Fiber works wonders pretty quickly.
Fibers act as biochemical sponges, absorbing impurities, gases, and toxins.
Fibers appear in various parts of the plant.
Fibers are a major component of loose connective tissues.
Fibers are absent in protoxylem.
Fibers are actually the stalks of the plant.
Fibers are also fermentable and non-fermentable.
Fibers are also present.
Fibers are also the basic component of wood products, such as paper.
Fibers are available in small diameters and are sterilizable.
Fibers are collected from the skin or bast surrounding the stem of their respective plant.
Fibers are continuous between reticular meshwork and trabeculae.
Fibers are dominantly herbaceous.
Fibers are durable, and are retained in a range of concentrations.
Fibers are excellent media for laser beams, showing low losses and efficient heat dissipation.
Fibers are microscopic and nearly indestructible.
Fibers are more pronounced in fruits grown with hard water and chemical fertilizers.
Fibers are mostly sedge and moss.
Fibers are naturally non-absorbent and resist matting, clumping and mildew.
Fibers are shorter than sk muscle are electrically linked by gap junction at the intercalated disk.
Fibers are staple-set.
Fibers are stiffer than flax, used in cordage, rope, canvas and sailcloth.
Fibers are the chemical substances in cell walls that give plants their structure.
Fibers are the prime requirement for healthy bowel function.
Fibers are used to carry phone calls and the Internet between cities.
Fibers are very important.
Fibers are very long and narrow with a very small lumen .
Fibers are very scanty.
Fibers are visible in ordinary light and arranged on both sides of the check.
Fibers arise from both olivary complexes but primarily from the contralateral complex.
Fibers burn differently when they are in a cloth structure.
Fibers can be bent around obstacles and still transmit light.
Fibers can break and loose particles can be inhaled.
Fibers can change their characterization with training.
Fibers can pass through the alveoli and migrate to the pleura, the lining of the chest cavity.
Fibers can reach the clusters of honeycombed air sacs called alveoli, leaving scar tissue.
Fibers come from thick fibrous mesocarp.
Fibers constitute protein most resembling cellulose.
Fibers contacting the hair cells are also visible.
Fibers contain cellulose, hemicellulose, beta-glucans, and pectins which are all polysaccharides.
Fibers cross in lower protion of the neck and terminate at inferior border of mandible.
Fibers cross midline and ascend the anterior lateral quadrant of the spinal white matter.
Fibers Describes various kinds of fibers that can be made into yarns.
Fibers dye well and withstand vigorous washing.
Fibers exist between all points.
Fibers exit the spinal cord at their respective levels.
Fibers fail in the weave.
Fibers get thinner and breaks - that creates lines on the skin surface .
Fibers grown in submerged culture often are smaller in diameter and have thicker cell walls.
Fibers have a very high aspect ratio.
Fibers have very low error rates.
Fibers help to bridge across the stressed areas and provide an interlocking matrix of connectivity.
Fibers hold dirt without spreading it around.
Fibers increase the amount of energy needed to break the fused silica material.
Fibers increase the modulus of the matrix material.
Fibers line up parallel to the long side of the paper.
Fibers line up parallel to the short side of the paper.
Fibers made from it are lightweight, hydrophobic and highly crystalline.
Fibers multiply and valves enlarge and walls thicken.
Fibers naturally occur in both plants and animals.
Fibers obtained from dried palm leaves are dyed with colorful extracts of wild plants, bark and mud.
Fibers oriented in the vertical direction can enhance the bending strength.
Fibers possess tremendous strength.
Fibers project onto neurons in the nucleus solitarius located in close proximity to the tract.
Fibers project, after decussation, into the red nucleus and ventral lateral nucleus of the thalamus.
Fibers project, after decussation, into the red nucleus and ventrolateral nucleus of the thalamus.
Fibers provide important cleansing attributes which aid in the digestive process.
Fibers range from silk, rayon to polyester.
Fibers range in texture from coarse to silky.
Fibers reduce shrinage settlement cracks.
Fibers resist rapid digestion in the intestinal tract.
Fibers run oblique to the long axis of the muscle and approach the tendon from one direction.
Fibers seem a translation from mold to wing.
Fibers show helical symmetry rather than the three-dimensional symmetry taken on by crystals.
Fibers stay uniform and fluffy.
Fibers stimulate the digestive system.
Fibers support the breasts and hold up the glands.
Fibers swell in the water, and as they rub against each other the impurities start to fall away.
Fibers synapse in the submandibular ganglion, and post-synaptic fibers then enter the gland.
Fibers tend to align themselves in the paper as it passes through the machine.
Fibers tend to be cotton or wool.
Fibers terminate at the center of each mirror, and diffused light illuminates the pixels directly.
Fibers terminate on either side of each camera.
Fibers travel from the basal ganglia and cerebellum down to the spinal cord.
Fibers typically control the strength and stiffness characteristics of the laminate.
Fibers used are mainly banana and hibiscus.
Fibers used can be silk, cotton, rayon or other man-made fibers.
Fibers used in a satin weave include rayon, polyester, acetate and silk.
Fibers used include carbon, aramid, glass, polyethylene, and silica.
Fibers weaken or can break along the folds.
All fiber is guaranteed.
All fiber is hypoallergenic, flame resistant and fire retardant.
All fiber is raw, unwashed unless otherwise noted.
All fibers increase the solid angle of slow beams to some extent.
All fibers radiate from the clew.
Every fiber has a love hate relationship with itself.
Many fibers act as paths for the movement inside the cell.
Many fibers are too slick, short or brittle to be spun into threads.
More fiber equals less points and more fat equals more points.
More fiber helps protect against founder.
More fiber is just what the doctor ordered for ailing phone service in the Wellington area.
More fiber means more brightness.
Most fiber absorbs water.
Most fiber adds bulk.
Most fiber comes from multiple sources.
Most fiber comes from sources.
Most fiber consists of cellulose.
Most fiber contains chemicals.
Most fiber contains proteins.
Most fiber facilitates digestion.
Most fiber facilitates proper digestion.
Most fiber has additional benefits.
Most fiber has benefits.
Most fiber has effects.
Most fiber has fatty sheaths.
Most fiber has health benefits.
Most fiber has important benefits.
Most fiber has many benefits.
Most fiber has many health benefits.
Most fiber has net effects.
Most fiber has positive effects.
Most fiber has profound effects.
Most fiber has roles.
Most fiber has same health benefits.
Most fiber has sheaths.
Most fiber has structures.
Most fiber helps bacterium levels.
Most fiber helps blood cholesterol levels.
Most fiber helps blood sugar levels.
Most fiber helps cholesterol levels.
Most fiber helps constipation.
Most fiber helps control blood sugar levels.
Most fiber helps digestion.
Most fiber helps healthy cholesterol levels.
Most fiber helps levels.
Most fiber helps lower blood cholesterol levels.
Most fiber helps lower levels.
Most fiber helps toxins.
Most fiber includes cotton.
Most fiber includes fiber.
Most fiber includes insoluble fiber.
Most fiber includes materials.
Most fiber increases excretion.
Most fiber increases fecal excretion.
Most fiber increases fecal n excretion.
Most fiber is derived from the cell walls of plants and is indigestible.
Most fiber is either single-mode or multimode fiber.
Most fiber is from cellulose, pectin, gums, and lignin, all derived from plant matter.
Most fiber offers protection.
Most fiber performs functions.
Most fiber performs same functions.
Most fiber provides benefits.
Most fiber provides health benefits.
Most fiber requires removals.
Most fibers are a mix of both soluble and insoluble.
Most fibers are carbohydrates.
Most fibers are hydrophilic which means they repel fat and attract water.
Some fiber affects accumulation.
Some fiber also comes from the tissue covering the front surface of the muscle itself.
Some fiber carries secretion.
Some fiber carries stimulate secretion.
Some fiber comes into contact.
Some fiber comes into intimate contact.
Some fiber conducts light.
Some fiber connects eyes.
Some fiber connects organs.
Some fiber contains myofibril.
Some fiber contains oxygen.
Some fiber contributes to digestive health.
Some fiber contributes to health.
Some fiber encourages digestion.
Some fiber encourages healthy digestion.
Some fiber features structures.
Some fiber finds in asparagus.
Some fiber finds in basil seeds.
Some fiber finds in beans.
Some fiber finds in beets.
Some fiber finds in grain.
Some fiber finds in seeds.
Some fiber finds in whole grain.
Some fiber finds in wood.
Some fiber has animal origins.
Some fiber has applications.
Some fiber has areas.
Some fiber has behavior.
Some fiber has chemical resistance.
Some fiber has conductivity.
Some fiber has durability.
Some fiber has excessive potassium.
Some fiber has glass transition temperature.
Some fiber has high chemical resistance.
Some fiber has high conductivity.
Some fiber has high resistance.
Some fiber has high thermal conductivity.
Some fiber has lower conductivity.
Some fiber has lower thermal conductivity.
Some fiber has modules.
Some fiber has oil.
Some fiber has origins.
Some fiber has potassium.
Some fiber has resistance.
Some fiber has specific modules.
Some fiber has surface areas.
Some fiber has temperature.
Some fiber has thermal conductivity.
Some fiber has wool.
Some fiber helps blood cholesterol.
Some fiber helps blood sugar.
Some fiber helps cholesterol.
Some fiber helps conditions.
Some fiber helps control blood sugar.
Some fiber helps food.
Some fiber helps indigestible food.
Some fiber helps lower cholesterol.
Some fiber helps stable blood sugar.
Some fiber helps sugar.
Some fiber irritates bowels.
Some fiber makes up sponges.
Some fiber passes through gastrointestinal tracts.
Some fiber passes through intestines.
Some fiber passes through tracts.
Some fiber protects hearts.
Some fiber provides energy.
Some fiber stimulates development.
Some fiber stimulates production.
Some fiber uses in construction.
Some fibers are absorbent, some are resilient, some are less durable, etc.
Some fibers are soluble in water and others are insoluble.
Some fibers contract quickly while others contract slowly.
Some fibers contribute through one primary mechanism.
Some fibers cross the cell to form the mitotic spindle.
Some fibers do more than others, but all are needed or become obsolete and cut off.
Some fibers have central dark staining.
Some fibers project to the contralateral olfactory bulb by way of the anterior commissure.
Fiberbrite fiber is colored prior to the extruding process, so the color is part of the rope itself.
FiberFlex trees prevent gullet spreading and come with a three year warranty.
Fiberglass handle for maximum lifetime performance.
Fiberglass handle with cushioned grip.
Fiberglass has (part) sections.
Fiberglass isa artifact.
Fiberoptic cable is as big as dental floss.
Fiberoptic cables are synapse.
Some fiberoptic cable is available in the county.
Fiberoptic intubation is an often difficult procedure used on patients with challenging intubations.
Fiberoptic intubation is usually ill-advised in dire emergency cases, even with experience.
Fiberoptic lighting is also available as an underwater light with the same color possibilities.
Fiberoptic lighting is another helpful option on a high-speed drill.
Fiberoptic lighting running through the ceiling and linear floor creates a playful atmosphere.
Fiberoptic lines offer high-speed communications.
Fiberous proteins are very elongated and interact to form long strong fibers.
Fiberskyn heads have the sonic benefits of calf without the maintenance of natural skin.
Fibre fabric shows abrasion resistance.
Fibre fabric shows resistance.
Fibre crimp appears to be the major factor associated with bulk.
Fibre finds in fruit.
Fibre has characteristics.
Fibre has similar structures.
Fibre has structures.
Fibre has surfaces.
Fibre is a material
Fibre is cells.
Fibre isa material.
Fibre isa stuff.
Fibres also interconnect the two rings.
Fibres are also plastics with long unbranched chains.
Fibres are custom weaved to suit each job.
Fibres are drawn together and twisted to get thread.
Fibres are indigestible parts of plants, which aid in elimination.
Fibres are infrequent, thin walled, lignified and pitted.
Fibres are long, slender and tapered usually occurring in bundles.
Fibres are slender cells, many times longer than they are wide.
Fibres change in appearance as they are drawn.
Fibres containing foods and powdered fibre supplements are better sources.
Fibres have great tensile strength and yet are also elastic.
Fibres stem usually from meristematic tissues .
Fibres still have to be spliced together.
Fibres tend to have a lower minimum diameter in autumn leading to lower strength.
Fibres used in telecommunications usually have a cladding of glass of a lower refractive index.
All fibre is available in any amount - no amount too small.
Many fibres have a diameter that is fairly close to the average.
Most fibre finds in fruit.
Most fibre has characteristics.
Most fibre has similar structures.
Most fibre has structures.
Most fibre has surfaces.
Some fibre comes from trees.
Some fibre composites use rules.
Some fibre ends rose out of the sheet surface upon drying.
Some fibre finds in cereals.
Some fibre has holes.
Some fibre holds water.
Some fibre is made of silica.
Some fibre provides information.
Some fibres are also available in rovings.
Some fibres begin to unite with the opthalmic branch of the trigeminal.
Some fibres occur in nature, and others are manufactured.
Some fibres pass to the cornea and to the ciliary muscle.
Fibreoptic systems have an effective life three times that of copper.
Fibricystic changes are variations of normal tissue.
A fibril is fiber
Fibrils aggregate to form collagen fibres.
Fibrils assemble laterally to create collagen fibers.
Fibrils extend to the nuclear membrane, but there are no peripheral granules inside the membrane.
Fibrillation is cramp
Fibrillation is more complex in the left ventricle than the right.
Fibrillation is much more common than flutter , and occurs in the same diseases.
Fibrillation is when the heart flutters abnormally.
Fibrin sealants are biological adhesives derived from blood.
A fibrin is a protein
Fibrin aggregates into threads that form the clot.
A fibrinogen is a clotting factor
Fibrinogen binds blood platelets together, thus initiating abnormal arterial blood clot formation.
Fibrinogen binds blood platelets together, thus initiating abnormal arterial blood clots.
Fibrinogen influx into the arterial wall as a mediator of intimal proliferation.
Fibrinogen test better indicator of heart disease than gold standard.
Fibrinogens are proteins.
Fibrinoid necrosis is a special form of necrosis usually caused by immune-mediated vascular damage.
Fibrinoid necrosis is usually the etiology of the weakness in the arterial wall.
A fibrinolysis is dissolution
Fibrinolysis completes the haemostatic process.
Fibrinolysis is initiated by plasminogen activators in blood.
Fibrinolytic activity is very high in neonates.
Fibrinolytic toxins are mostly snake venom proteases.
Fibrinous changes are frequent in the remnants of the cytoblast and in the mesoblast.
A fibroadenoma is adenoma
Fibroadenoma are the most common benign solid lesion of the breast.
Fibroadenoma is round, movable, and firm.
Fibroadenoma is the most common benign, solid growth in the breasts.
Fibroadenoma tend to regress with time.
Fibroadenomas are adenoma.
Fibroadenomas are another type of generally benign breast lump.
Fibroadenomas are benign tumors which grow in the breast tissue outside the ducts.
Fibroadenomas are benign.
Fibroadenomas are smooth and round.
Fibroadenomas are solid, benign breast lumps.
Fibroadenomas are the most common tumors found in women's breasts.
Fibroadenomas are tumors that are usually painless, can be easily moved around and feel rubbery.
Fibroadenomas are usually harmless, marble-like lumps of tissue.
Fibroadenomas feel rubbery and can be moved around easily.
Fibroadenomas have a benign appearance on mammography.
Fibroadenomas never turn into cancer.
Fibroadenomas occur most often in women under thirty, and are more common in black women.
Fibroadenomas occur twice as often in African-American women as in other American women.
Fibroadenomas often stop growing or even shrink on their own without any treatment.
Fibroadenomas usually appear clearly on mammogram or ultrasound.
Some fibroadenomas are polyclonal hyperplasias.
Fibroblast cells produce proteins such as collagens and fibronectin, which make the matrix.
A fibroblast is a cell
Fibroblasts actively secrete components of the matrix.
Fibroblasts also enter the local tissue to replace the extracellular matrix and collagen.
Fibroblasts are a convenient and successful target for studies to assess external agent damage.
Fibroblasts are a type of general, all-purpose cell.
Fibroblasts are animal cells.
Fibroblasts are cells or tissues from which connective tissue is grown.
Fibroblasts are cells that make collagen and connective tissue proteins.
Fibroblasts are cells that produce connective tissues in the body.
Fibroblasts are cells that support body tissue and turn on to produce collagen.
Fibroblasts are embryonic cells.
Fibroblasts are normally bipolar or spindle shaped cells.
Fibroblasts are probably the most important cell type.
Fibroblasts are prominent.
Fibroblasts are responsible for laying down collagen in the wound and hence rebuilding tissue.
Fibroblasts are somatic cells.
Fibroblasts are specialized cells that produce collagen, a tough fibrous and inelastic protein.
Fibroblasts are the cells in the human skin responsible for producing collagen.
Fibroblasts are the dominant cell type.
Fibroblasts are the main producers of collagen and ground substance in connective tissues.
Fibroblasts are the most abundant cell type within our body.
Fibroblasts are the most common cell type found in areolar connective tissue.
Fibroblasts are usually thin elongated cells with relatively little cytoplasm visible.
Fibroblasts begin laying down collagen to form a seal over the injured structure.
Fibroblasts begin laying down more collagen.
Fibroblasts create fibrous tissue that interferes with the implants.
Fibroblasts form scar tissue and adhesions.
Fibroblasts help build the collagen needed for tissue growth, maintenance and repair.
Fibroblasts invade and strengthen the clot.
Fibroblasts maintain the phenotype and viability of the rat heparin-containing mast cell in vitro.
Fibroblasts make connective tissue and endothelium regenerates.
Fibroblasts produce weak type III collagen.
Fibroblasts proliferate, and there is a great deal of regeneration and synthesis of a new membrane.
Fibroblasts promote the formation of a continuous basal lamina during myogenesis in vitro.
Fibroblasts respond to therapeutic ultrasound with an enhanced rate of protein synthesis.
Fibroblasts secrete collagen and elastin.
Fibroblastic apertures assure good tissue ingrowth.
Fibroblastic myeloma is uncommon.
A fibrocartilage is a cartilage
Fibrocartilage has a limited distribution.
Fibrocartilage has characteristics similar to both dense connective tissue and hyaline cartilage.
Fibrocartilage has limited ability to withstand shock and shearing forces.
Fibrocartilage has only very limited distribution in the body.
Fibrocartilage is a very tough form that is found in the disks of the spinal column.
Fibrocartilage is found in the intervertebral disks and the meniscus of the knee joint.
Fibrocartilage is found in the intervertebral disks, and is an extremely resilient tissue.
Fibrocartilage is present at the insertion of ligaments and tendons into bone.
Fibrocartilage provides good resistance to shear and compression forces.
Fibrocartilage softens the pressure that is exerted from the bones.
Fibrocartilages are cartilages.
Fibrocycstic disease is less a disease and more a change in breast tissue which most women have.
Fibrocystic breasts are often painful, and usually worst right before menstruation begins.
Fibrocystic breasts are often the normal state of healthy breasts.
Fibrocystic breasts have small lumps, bumps, swellings, and occasional discomfort.
Fibrocystic change is basically an exaggeration of normal breast architecture.
Fibrocystic change is much more a fibrous than cystic but some cysts can occur.
Fibrocystic change is the most common benign condition of the breast.
Fibrocystic changes are a normal condition caused by growth of fibrous tissue and small cysts.
Fibrocystic changes are an exaggerated response of breast tissue to changes of ovarian hormones.
Fibrocystic changes are cyclic or menstrual-related breast changes.
Fibrocystic changes are mostly thickened areas of the breast glands and supporting fibrous tissue.
Fibrocystic changes are the most common non-cancerous breast condition.
Fibrocystic changes are very common, in fact, most American women have it.
Fibrocystic changes can become worse prior to menses and when on some hormonal therapies.
Fibrocystic changes can cause breast swelling and pain.
Fibrocystic changes can make breast examination and mammography harder to interpret.
Fibrocystic changes encompass a wide range of morphologic features.
Fibrocystic condition is the most common lesion affecting the female breast.
Most fibrocystic conditions are completely benign.
Fibrocystic disease is a garbage term for lumpy painful breasts.
Fibrocystic disease occurs with hormonal changes.
Fibrocystic lumps can assume different degrees of texture.
Fibrocystic lumps can be tender to the touch and move freely.
Fibrocystic lumps tend to disappear after menopause.
Fibrohemorrhagic material is also present.
Fibroid growth seems to be stimulated by estrogen, often resulting in symptom occurrence.
A fibroid tumor is fibroma
Fibroid tumors affect women of all ages and races.
Fibroid tumors are benign growths of muscle cells in the uterus.
Fibroid tumors are benign or non-cancerous growths found in the uterus of roughly one in four women.
Fibroid tumors are noncancerous growths appearing in and on the uterus.
Fibroid tumors are the most common indication for hysterectomy.
Fibroid tumors are the most common pelvic tumors occurring in women.
Fibroid tumors constitute the most common indication for hysterectomy in the United States.
Fibroid tumors occur even more frequently in black women.
A fibroid is fibroma
Fibroids appear to be very common in African-Caribbean women.
Fibroids are a benign tumor of the muscle of the uterus.
Fibroids are a benign tumor of the uterus.
Fibroids are a common, benign form of uterine tumors found in about one fifth of all American women.
Fibroids are a fairly easy diagnosis to make, using ultrasound and a regular office pelvic exam.
Fibroids are a growth in the uterus, the normally fist-sized organ in which babies develop.
Fibroids are a somewhat different problem.
Fibroids are benign growths in the muscle of the uterus.
Fibroids are benign growths in the uterus which sometimes cause discomfort, pain and bleeding.
Fibroids are benign growths that develop in the wall of the uterus.
Fibroids are benign muscle tumors which occur in the uterine muscles.
Fibroids are benign non-cancerous tumors that grow in the muscular wall of the uterus.
Fibroids are benign swellings of the normal uterine muscle.
Fibroids are benign tumors of smooth muscle, which is the type of muscle that makes up the uterus.
Fibroids are benign tumors of the muscle of the uterus.
Fibroids are benign tumors of the muscular wall of the uterus that stick out or into the uterus.
Fibroids are benign tumors of the uterus and have nothing to do with cervical cancer.
Fibroids are benign tumors of the uterus which frequently cause extensive bleeding.
Fibroids are benign tumors of the uterus.
Fibroids are benign tumors of uterine smooth muscle.
Fibroids are benign tumors that originate in the muscular layer of the uterine wall.
Fibroids are common benign tumors of the uterine muscle.
Fibroids are common, non-cancerous growths arising from the muscular wall of the uterus.
Fibroids are common.
Fibroids are dependent on estrogen for their growth.
Fibroids are estrogen dependent.
Fibroids are extremely common and the number of women affected increases with age until menopause.
Fibroids are extremely common.
Fibroids are fairly easy to diagnose.
Fibroids are grayish white, firm, round, and ring-shaped.
Fibroids are knot-like growths in the wall of the uterus.
Fibroids are monoclonal, probably arising from a single smooth muscle cell.
Fibroids are muscle tumors of the uterus that are very common in the general population.
Fibroids are non-cancerous growths in, on, or within the walls of the uterus.
Fibroids are non-cancerous growths that develop in the muscular wall of the uterus.
Fibroids are noncancerous growths that start in the muscles of the uterine wall.
Fibroids are noncancerous tumors that grow on or in the uterus.
Fibroids are non-cancerous tumours composed of muscle and fibrous tissue.
Fibroids are one of the most common tumors to grow in the pelvises of women.
Fibroids are quite common among women in their thirties and forties.
Fibroids are quite harmless.
Fibroids are quite never cancer.
Fibroids are responsible for about one-third of all hysterectomies.
Fibroids are rubbery, benign tumors that grow in the wall of the uterus and sometimes on the cervix.
Fibroids are slow growing benign tumors, originating in the muscle tissues of the uterus.
Fibroids are the most common condition found in the pelvis.
Fibroids are the most common gynecological tumor in women.
Fibroids are the most common pelvic tumor.
Fibroids are the most common reason that hysterectomy is performed.
Fibroids are the most common tumor of the female reproductive organs.
Fibroids are the most common tumors of the female genital tract.
Fibroids are the most frequently diagnosed tumor of the female pelvis.
Fibroids are the most frequently seen tumors of the female reproductive system.
Fibroids are the number one reason for hysterectomy in the United States.
Fibroids are tumors of the uterine wall.
Fibroids are usually multiple.
Fibroids are very common and in most cases, more than one is present.
Fibroids begin to shrink immediately.
Fibroids can also be a cause of repeated miscarriages.
Fibroids can also block the fallopian tubes leading to infertility.
Fibroids can also cause irregular vaginal bleeding or heavy menstruation.
Fibroids can also grow beneath the uterine lining.
Fibroids can also run in families.
Fibroids can be any size.
Fibroids can be as small as a pea or as large as a basketball and are almost always benign.
Fibroids can be difficult to treat because the way in which they occur is unpredictable.
Fibroids can be either much smaller or much larger.
Fibroids can be single or many.
Fibroids can cause abnormal bleeding and pelvic pain.
Fibroids can cause chronic pain and heavy bleeding.
Fibroids can cause complications during pregnancy.
Fibroids can cause severe pain, heavy bleeding and abdominal swelling, among other symptoms.
Fibroids can cause significant pain and discomfort and are associated with reproductive problems.
Fibroids can cause very heavy periods, leading to iron-deficiency anaemia.
Fibroids can dramatically increase in size during pregnancy .
Fibroids can form in the uterus and are common among women of certain age and race.
Fibroids can grow on the inside, outside, or within the wall of the uterus.
Fibroids can grow to a size where they compress the bladder, rectum or spine.
Fibroids can grow within the muscular wall of the uterus, or in the outer or inner layers.
Fibroids can interfere with fertility.
Fibroids can make it difficult to become pregnant.
Fibroids can occur in many locations throughout the uterus.
Fibroids can occur singly or in multiples of varying sizes.
Fibroids can persist after menopause, particularly if they are calcified.
Fibroids can press on adjacent structures, often radiating to the back, legs, or bladder.
Fibroids can range from pea sized to the size of a grapefruit.
Fibroids can range from the size of a pea to a grapefruit, or bigger.
Fibroids can range from the size of a pea to the size of a grapefruit.
Fibroids can range in size from pea-sized growths to large melon sized growths.
Fibroids can range in size from very tiny to the size of a watermelon or larger.
Fibroids can require emergency treatment if they cause sudden, sharp pelvic pain.
Fibroids can sometimes be a cause of miscarriages and infertility.
Fibroids can still be present, grow, and cause future trouble.
Fibroids do have a genetic component.
Fibroids generally occur in women of reproductive age.
Fibroids generally shrink after menopause.
Fibroids grow in response to estrogen.
Fibroids have a rich vascular supply which helps support their growth.
Fibroids have the potential to enlarge during pregnancy, as well as to regress after menopause.
Fibroids however can cause problems due to their size, number and location.
Fibroids located just under the uterine lining are notorious for producing excessive bleeding.
Fibroids occur more often in black women than in white women.
Fibroids range in size from very small to the size of a cantaloupe or larger.
Fibroids remain the number one reason for hysterectomies in the United States.
Fibroids run in families, but the cause is unknown.
Fibroids shrink as more time after menopause passes.
Fibroids start in the muscle tissues of the uterus.
Fibroids tend to swell up during pregnancy when estrogen levels soar and shrink after menopause.
Fibroids typically grow larger as a woman ages, and usually decreases in size after menopause.
Fibroids typically improve after menopause when the level of estrogen decreases dramatically.
Fibroids vary greatly in size and can remain for years with little change.
Fibroids frequently shrink or disappear after menopause.
Fibroids often grow back after therapy is discontinued.
Fibroids often return after drug therapy is discontinued.
Fibroids sometimes cause excessive bleeding from the uterus when located inside the uterus.
Fibroids sometimes cause infertility.
Fibroids usually decrease in size after pregnancy.
Fibroids usually grow back within several months once a woman stops taking the medication.
Fibroids usually return to original size after cessation of therapy.
Fibroids usually shrink after menopause because the levels of estrogen in the body decrease.
ALL fibroids are estrogen dependent.
Most fibroids are benign.
Most fibroids are noncancerous.
Most fibroids cause no symptoms and are discovered during routine pelvic exams.
Most fibroids cause no symptoms.
Most fibroids grow in the wall of the uterus.
Most fibroids stay small and cause no problems at all.
Some fibroids become quite large and distort uterine anatomy significantly.
Some fibroids can cause pelvic pressure and pain.
Some fibroids grow inwards towards the womb and others grow outwards into the pelvic cavity.
Fibrolamellar bone is fairly common in young crocodilians and sometimes found in adults.
Fibrolamellar bone is in the process of being deposited.
Fibrolamellar carcinoma is a rare type of hepatoma that usually affects relatively young adults.
Fibroma is a tumor
Fibromas tend to be discrete single lesions usually found in the left ventricular wall.
Fibromyalgic individuals complain a lot.
Fibrosis also affects the lungs.
Fibrosis begins by being laid down around blood vessels and around endometrial glands.
Fibrosis begins, plaque grows and begins to obstruct blood flow.
Fibrosis can lead to severe, irreversible airway obstruction.
Fibrosis can obliterate the usual anatomical planes.
Fibrosis causes hardening or stiffening of tissues in the skin, joints, and internal organs.
Fibrosis causes retraction of the mesentery.
Fibrosis causes the lungs to stiffen, making it difficult to breathe.
Fibrosis decreases elasticity of the lung.
Fibrosis is a major obstacle to all types of gene therapy in muscle disease.
Fibrosis is a process that follows chronic inflammation in the progression of scleroderma.
Fibrosis is a process that follows chronic inflammation.
Fibrosis is a rare but serious adverse effect.
Fibrosis is a result of the natural reparative process.
Fibrosis is accompanied with inflammation.
Fibrosis is common in and around early lesions.
Fibrosis is common to several chronic liver diseases, as it is a sign of hepatic injury.
Fibrosis is common, but cirrhosis is rare.
Fibrosis is diseases.
Fibrosis is increased in the dermis.
Fibrosis is medical diagnosises.
Fibrosis is minimal.
Fibrosis is more grey.
Fibrosis is often an important, and sometimes necessary component of the repair process.
Fibrosis is part of pneumoconiosis.
Fibrosis is pathology
Fibrosis is pathology.
Fibrosis is prominent as healing occurs.
Fibrosis is scar tissue that forms as a result of persistent inflammation in the liver.
Fibrosis is seen as healing takes place.
Fibrosis is seen as scar formation in the patient s liver.
Fibrosis is the accumulation of synthesized collagen in tissue.
Fibrosis is the accumulation of thick, rigid tissue in response to chronic inflammation.
Fibrosis is the deleterious but variable consequence of chronic inflammation.
Fibrosis is the deposition of connective tissue in internal organs.
Fibrosis is the growth of scar tissue due to infection, inflammation, injury, or even healing.
Fibrosis is the process that replaces lost parenchymal tissue, resulting in scar formation.
Fibrosis is, therefore, non-specific .
Fibrosis isa condition.
Fibrosis leads to the development of portal hypertension .
Fibrosis occurs variably in some areas of the tumor.
Fibrosis reduces the efficiency of the lung and, hence, strains the heart.
Fibrosis spreads throughout the stratum compactum and stratum spongiosum.
Fibrosis then occurs and is followed by traction and detachment of the retina.
Some fibrosis causes problems.
Fibrotic tissue responds well to connective tissue massage.
Fibrous bands extend into the myocardium, and mitral and tricuspid insufficiency are common.
Fibrous begonias are good in full sun or light shade.
All fibrous begonias prefer well-drained soil and to be kept slightly dry.
Fibrous calcite is cited in the literature as the most common constituent of coal balls worldwide.
Some fibrous capsules consist of tissue.
Fibrous carbohydrates are fruits and veggies.
Fibrous cartilage has the least amount of cells so it has the most amount of intercellular space.
Fibrous cartilage is found in the spine and the menisci.
Fibrous Casings are uniform in size, easy to use and store.
Fibrous cement has the added benefit of using all kinds of recycled paper.
Fibrous cement is highly fire-resistant.
Fibrous crystals form radial aggregates, masses and hair like clusters.
Fibrous dysplasia is a disorder in which bone expands due to abnormal development of fibrous tissue.
Fibrous dysplasia is a hamartoma of bone.
Fibrous dysplasia is also common the in skull, ribs, and tibia.
Fibrous dysplasia is characterized by normal bone being replaced by fibrous tissue.
Fibrous dysplasia is usually first apparent in late childhood.
Fibrous dysplasia needs surgical treatment, curettement being adequate for long bones.
Fibrous feeds produce the greatest amount of body heat during the digestive process.
Fibrous foods are often bulky and, therefore, filling.
Fibrous forms are also common.
Fibrous insulation works well to limit convection.
Fibrous material is used liberally in dry feeds today.
Fibrous material used in the dust filter mask physically traps particles.
Some fibrous materials have refraction.
Fibrous membranes cover bones.
Fibrous membranes cover surfaces.
Most fibrous membranes cover bones.
Most fibrous membranes cover surfaces.
Fibrous nature prevents further determination of optical properties.
Fibrous osteodystrophy belongs to the group of metabolic bone diseases.
Fibrous plants use for purposes.
Most fibrous plants use for purposes.
Fibrous plaque begins as changes in the structure of the artery or fatty streaks.
Fibrous plaque prevents uniform lengthening as erection occurs.
Fibrous plaques represent the majority of atherosclerotic lesions.
Fibrous proliferation can result in retinal detachment.
Fibrous proteins are long and narrow, and generally water insoluble.
Fibrous proteins are well suited to their task of support and connection.
Fibrous proteins assume elongated forms and tend to exist as ribbons or filaments.
Fibrous roots anchor plants.
Fibrous roots anchor the plant less securely to the ground than taproots.
Fibrous roots are fine and hairlike, forming a densely branched mass.
Fibrous roots are primarily responsible for the absorption of water and minerals from the soil.
Fibrous roots are probably the most common root type.
Fibrous roots are thin and all more or less the same size.
Fibrous roots grow up to feet.
Fibrous roots occur at the stem nodes.
Most fibrous roots grow up to feet.
Some fibrous roots grow from bottoms.
Some fibrous roots grow from rhizomes.
Fibrous septa exist between the spiraling layers.
Fibrous septa extend from the mediastinum into the body of the testis.
Some fibrous sheaths cover surfaces.
Fibrous solids have potential use for bedding, refeeding and horticultural applications.
Fibrous substances pass through the intestine undigested.
Fibrous textures can form without brittle fracturing.
Fibrous tissue connects bones.
Fibrous tissue connects structures.
Fibrous tissue containing atypical cells is above.
Fibrous tissue covers bones.
Fibrous tissue covers spongy bones.
Fibrous tissue is animal tissue
Fibrous tissue is dispersed between large numbers of giant cells and histiocytes.
Fibrous tissue is less elastic.
Fibrous tissue is non-functioning material made up of tiny scars.
Fibrous tissue is plant tissue
Fibrous tissue is plant tissue.
Fibrous tissue is present in the joint capsule, ligaments and tendinous insertions of muscles.
Fibrous tissues connect the normally unattached outer surface of the lung to the inner chest wall.
Most fibrous tissue covers bones.
Most fibrous tissue covers spongy bones.
Some fibrous tissue covers surfaces.
Some fibrous tissue surrounds testes.
A fibula is a leg bone
Fibulae are also divided into classes based on their general forms.
FICA tax is also due.
FICA tax is deducted from each paycheck at the rate specified by law.
Fiche copies are ready for distribution.
Fiche header includes fiche no. and title and part of legal document reproduced.
Fiche orders are very inexpensive, and the film is kept.
Ficitious play plays a best-response to the historical frequency of opponents' play.
Fickle climate thwarts future forecasts.
Fickle humans drive financial markets, but many experts believe there are patterns in the chaos.
FICO scores consider five main kinds of credit information.
FICS officers can investigate and try to conciliate a complaint about a broker.
Any fiction genre is acceptable.
Fiction writers are travelers.
Fiction writers think of style as the writer's voice or use of language.
Most fiction writers are independent or freelance.
Most fiction writers look at language more like a window.
Fiction writing can accomplish many of the same goals as does non-fiction writing.
Fiction writing is a quest into both the external world and one's internal landscape.
Fiction writing is an advanced and mediated form of playing with dolls.
Fiction writing is great.
Fiction writing is hard for a journalist.
Fiction writing is just that - fiction.
Fiction writing is stranger than fiction.
Fiction writing is very competitive, and in America, it's a clubby game.
Fiction allows history to come alive.
Fiction also requires a good balance between dialogue and straight prose.
Fiction are another four piece with an eye on the great elusive rock 'n' roll prize.
Fiction becomes fact and fact fiction.
Fiction brings the story of history to life.
Fiction can be a dangerous thing.
Fiction can be an act of psychic rage.
Fiction can be as simple as mixing an acid with a base or as enigmatic as quantum physics.
Fiction can be in the form of novels or short stories.
Fiction can be longer, but had better be damn good.
Fiction can be more true than fact.
Fiction can be simpler, can offer a relief from that complex world.
Fiction can be too.
Fiction can bring the past alive for young readers.
Fiction can come from real-life events and still be fiction.
Fiction can engage, and be engaged by alife at the level of all three claims.
Fiction can have sexual content, but avoid excessive sex.
Fiction can often have as much impact as fact, especially if it is well-grounded in reality.
Fiction can ramble.
Fiction can wait.
Fiction can work that way.
Fiction Click on a title for more information.
Fiction Click on the title of the books for more details on each volume.
Fiction Click on titles for availability.
Fiction comes from things like warp drive, time travel, hyperdrive, stasis, and so on.
Fiction comes out of another level of experience.
Fiction connects students emotionally to another time.
Fiction contains an element of prophecy.
Fiction conveys events more through feel than fact.
Fiction costs a lot more to publish.
Fiction demands professional performance.
Fiction differs first and foremost from other forms because it is about emotion.
Fiction does entertain.
Fiction does it no more than non-fiction.
Fiction exists as a mode of discourse that is fundamentally sensual.
Fiction Features short stories, articles, and reviews plus archives and submission guidelines.
Fiction Feel free to pour over the tomes contained in the Library .
Fiction feels better.
Fiction feels real.
Fiction Finding fiction in a college or university library is a bit tricky.
Fiction follows, also arranged by title.
Fiction gives structure to our lives.
Fiction goes inside the characters' heads.
Fiction has legitimate purposes, too.
Fiction has new meaning.
Fiction has that kind of neatness about it that marks it out as fiction.
Fiction has to be free to tell things completely differently.
Fiction has to be plausible, too.
Fiction has to make sense.
Fiction Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Fiction helps history come alive.
Fiction includes classical and contemporary works including science fiction and kung fu novels.
Fiction includes classics and current titles, read by talented actors.
Fiction Includes links to reviews and author information.
Fiction includes thrillers, romances, westerns and science fiction.
Fiction is a complex art, the craft of which is never fully learned in a lifetime.
Fiction is a construct.
Fiction is a form of knowledge, and is treated by many as a repository of true stories.
Fiction is a higher art than non-fiction.
Fiction is a luxury.
Fiction is a metaphor for life.
Fiction is a mirror.
Fiction is a mixture of the real and unreal.
Fiction is a necessary adjunct to the truth.
Fiction is a necessity.
Fiction is a particularly rewarding form of literature.
Fiction is a special case.
Fiction is a story that never was real.
Fiction is a tissue of literal lies that refreshes and informs our sense of actuality.
Fiction is a very good way of exploring reality, especially different viewpoints.
Fiction is a way to teach the faith by example.
Fiction is a wonderful medium for exploring how viewpoint can influence interpretation.
Fiction is about both drama and conflict, but it is also about healing.
Fiction is about change, be it positive or negative.
Fiction is about itself.
Fiction is above all a reordering process, a sense-making process, even when it's black comedy.
Fiction is also welcome.
Fiction is an act of the imagination.
Fiction is an arranged marriage.
Fiction is an art of constant persuasion.
Fiction is an art of the imagination.
Fiction is an illusion.
Fiction is anemic by comparison.
Fiction is arranged alphabetically by author.
Fiction is arranged alphabetically by the author's last name.
Fiction is as old a habit of our species as poetry.
Fiction is back .
Fiction is beautiful.
Fiction is both craft and instinct.
Fiction is classified in the national literature number.
Fiction is cleared with the designers and fits the official game milieu.
Fiction is different.
Fiction is difficult and when it is essentially about a foreign culture, more so.
Fiction is difficult to sell.
Fiction is easy.
Fiction is emphasized.
Fiction is even more dominating in the reading structure of women .
Fiction is fantasy, anyway.
Fiction is fiction.
Fiction is filed alphabetically by the author's last name.
Fiction Is Folks .
Fiction is for oneself, but essays are for an audience.
Fiction is full of personified agents.
Fiction is fun, but real life calls for real actions.
Fiction is history, human history, or it is nothing.
Fiction is in alphabetical order by author's last name.
Fiction is just that, fiction.
Fiction is less popular.
Fiction is literary work
Fiction is located on the left wall of the reading room.
Fiction is more or less alphabetical by author, with an excellent selection.
Fiction is more subjective.
Fiction is needed because art is truer than life.
Fiction is nothing more than a fantastic world made up of real, or recognizably real, objects.
Fiction is nourishment for the mind and the spirit.
Fiction is often more convincing than reality.
Fiction is often useful in diplomacy to some extent and in some instances.
Fiction is one arena for such dialogues, but one hopes there are others.
Fiction is one of the major literary genres.
Fiction is orderly, and life is a mess.
Fiction is organized by the author's last name and is located on the second floor.
Fiction is pornography, journalism is truth.
Fiction is pretty important to a lot of people, but it comes after the groceries.
Fiction is published only through our bi-annual short fiction contests .
Fiction is real based on facts.
Fiction is reality, reality is fiction.
Fiction is rooted in truth.
Fiction is separate from nonfiction.
Fiction is shelved alphabetically by author.
Fiction is shelved alphabetically by the author.
Fiction is shelved alphabetically by the author's last name.
Fiction is shelved in alphabetical order by the author's last name.
Fiction is socially meaningful.
Fiction is sort of guesswork.
Fiction is stories.
Fiction is the best way to escape from dogmatism.
Fiction is the lie that tells the truth.
Fiction is the line which connects two facts.
Fiction is the most impure and the most modest and the most human of the arts.
Fiction is the most popular category.
Fiction is the telling that startles, the telling that teaches.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Fiction is the ultimate freedom.
Fiction is the ultimate virtual reality.
Fiction is the unity of fictional character and the self.
Fiction is thus often times a better story than the truth.
Fiction is ultimately about people.
Fiction is used deliberately to make the events come alive in everyone's mind.
Fiction is very different.
Fiction isa written language.
Fiction leaves room for interpretation, but nonfiction requires more specificity.
Fiction live pornstars free sex was largely hardcore xxx pics porn anal sex spying.
Fiction makes up about a third of the titles here.
Fiction needs logic.
Fiction occupies a central position in colonial discourse.
Fiction pays best of all and when it is of fair quality is more easily sold.
Fiction provides opportunities for students to stretch their imaginations.
Fiction refers to invented or created stories.
Fiction refracts an experience in a way that is unique to each writer.
Fiction requires a sustained narrative.
Fiction resources Criteria for the evaluation of all fiction resources.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
Fiction reviews with concentration on Caribbean novelists and American nonfiction writers.
Fiction Send short stories one at a time, please.
Fiction soon becomes fact and the couple give in to the inevitable.
Fiction speaks from inside invented characters who are telling their story or stories.
Fiction stands for much more than a story, it the is history of humanity.
Fiction takes a long time.
Fiction triumphs over fact.
Fiction works, too.
Fictions are elaborate stories that assist people in understanding an otherwise confusing situation.
Fictions are the most powerful of all the architects of our souls and societies.
Fictions gain strength by the way they deploy the devices distinctive to the genre.
Fictions is composed of two sections.
Fictions serve as well as facts.
Fiction often wraps itself in truth as a way to get a story out.
Fiction sometimes uncovers the truth more appropriately than non-fiction.
Fiction usually combines elements of both fact and imagination.
All fiction incorporates fact.
All fiction is arranged alphabetically by the author's last name.
All fiction is autobiography and all autobiography is fiction.
All fiction is based on conflict - discuss the title and identify the conflict.
All fiction is fantasy and, in a sense, escape.
All fiction is metaphor.
All fiction is read as it comes in, and in as timely a fashion as possible.
All fiction is the joint property of the authors.
All fiction is written with stereoscopic vision.
All fiction offers escape, some from thought, some into it.
Most fiction deals with the fantasies of men from a male perspective.
Most fiction incorporates some form of romance.
Most fiction is built around the human desire to speak about what ought to be.
Most fiction is found on the third and fourth floors.
Most fiction is narrative writing, such as novels and short stories.
Most fictions are, like many jokes, also riddles and emphasize the missing parts.
Some fiction has that effect.
Some fictions are benign and others are malignant.
Some fictions are the fruits of distortion, others of omission.
Fictional account introduces factual scientific concepts and information.
A fictional animal is an animal
Fictional animals are also searchable.
A fictional character is imagination
Fictional characters are composites.
Fictional characters provide a wonderful opportunity for creativity.
Fictional characters reflect the era through the prism of writers' and creators' experiences.
Fictional depictions are powerful even if they're misleading.
Fictional films can certainly include real characters and still be fictional.
Fictional ones can be nice, if done well.
Fictional programs support and expand the paradigms of violence promoted by broadcast news coverage.
Fictional romances exhibit no more posh settings, beautiful women, and crackling argument.
Fictional stories address tough life issues with a Christian approach.
Fictional stories set at the time of the Holocaust continue to arrive at a steady pace.
Fictional texts are historical artifacts.
Fictional truth is actually better than the real truth.
Every fictional universe has a past, if only an implied one.
Fictional violence portrayed on any canvas, be it the small screen or big screen, is art.
Fictional works can also offer glimples into authors' lives.
Fictional works contain facts about real life.
Some fictional works can shed as much light on politics as scholarly texts.
Every fictional world has rules that govern the forces that hold things together.
Fictitious forces appear in accelerating reference frame .
Fictitious forces appear in accelerating reference frames .
A fictitious name is a name
Fictitious names are also separate and distinct from trademarks.
Fiddle head ferns online and enjoy.
Fiddle heads combined with alum mordanted yarn produce a corn yellow.
Fiddle heads unfurl to reveal mature fern leaves called fronds.
Fiddle player smokes.
Fiddle players love the eye-catching design of the stick violin .
A fiddle is string
Fiddle is a dealer of vintage, new, and used stringed instruments.
Fiddle is just a nickname.
Fiddle is used to squeeze or expand the range of the color table.
Fiddle isa device.
Fiddle plays staccato chops at 'a', fills at 'b'.
Fiddles  breaking.
Fiddles  breaks.
Fiddles  dances.
Fiddles are located in bands.
Fiddles are located in dance halls.
Fiddles are located in music stores.
Fiddles are located in orchestras.
Fiddles are motivated by the goal of money.
Fiddles are motivated by the goal of waste time.
Fiddles are still the lead instruments, accompanied by accordion, piano, banjo, and guitar.
Fiddles are the hardest thing to find in today's market.
Fiddles are used for bowing.
Fiddles are used for dances.
Fiddles are used for pleasant music.
Fiddles are used for pluckings.
Fiddles have (part) bases.
Fiddles have (part) sections.
Fiddles have (part) sound holes.
Fiddles have string.
Fiddles is available now.
Fiddles play in a round, then bow together.
Fiddles squeek and play off beat with regularity.
Fiddles start with waste time.
A fiddlehead is a fern
Fiddleheads adorn the loose, dark soil in the spring.
Fiddleheads are a native fern that is picked just as they emerge from the ground.
Fiddleheads are a seasonal wild vegetable made available mostly in the USA and Canada.
Fiddleheads are completely organic, grown with no additives or artificial fertilizers.
Fiddleheads are delicious, hard to explain what they are like.
Fiddleheads are great in soups.
Fiddleheads are harvested in the spring before the young fronds start to unfurl.
Fiddleheads are sold fresh and frozen.
Fiddleheads are the sprout of the ostrich fern.
Fiddleheads are the tightly coiled young fronds, or croziers, of ferns.
Fiddleheads are versatile and easy to use.
Fiddleheads arise in the early to mid-spring.
Fiddleheads get their name because the tip of the fern is curled like a fiddle.
Fiddleheads give a 'pop' that balances the sweetness of wood roasted vegetables.
Fiddleheads unroll as the frond develops.
A fiddler crab is a crab
Fiddler crabs are a small kind of crab found in mangroves and on the beaches of much of the world.
Fiddler crabs are also avid burrowers.
Fiddler crabs are also important in energy flow within the marsh.
Fiddler crabs are also significant organizers of the tidal marsh community.
Fiddler crabs are avid burrowers, and their burrowing activity can erode or undermine marsh banks.
Fiddler crabs are capable of scraping food particles off grains of sand.
Fiddler crabs are colonial, often living together in large clusters.
Fiddler crabs are crabs.
Fiddler crabs are found along sea beaches and brackish inter-tidal mud flats, lagoons and swamps.
Fiddler crabs are key organisms in tidal marshes.
Fiddler crabs are small crustaceans with a distinctive enlarged claw.
Fiddler crabs are the little crabs found living in burrows near the water's edge.
Fiddler crabs are very good at escaping down the burrows which they dig in the muddy marsh .
Fiddler crabs build burrows along the mudfiat edges, where they increase the oxygenation of soils.
Fiddler crabs burrow into the marsh substrate for shelter.
Fiddler crabs crawl around on the mud when the tide is out.
Fiddler crabs eat algae, bacteria and decaying marsh plants.
Fiddler crabs form two types of characteristic pellets affecting sediment surface topography.
Fiddler crabs get their name from the male's large claw.
Fiddler crabs live on sandy and muddy beaches that are uncovered during low tide.
Fiddler crabs mate every two weeks in summer.
Fiddler crabs molt once or twice per year.
Fiddler crabs run around the mangrove areas during low tide eating plant debris.
Fiddler crabs scurry into their muddy holes as the wake from the boat splashes along the mudflats.
Fiddler crabs turn a dark color during the day and turn a lighter color at night.
Fiddler crabs vary in color from tan to brown.
All fiddler crabs are similar in shape, having a smooth carapace and a square-shaped body.
Most fiddler crabs live on the shoreline in temperate and tropical waters.
A fiddler is a person
Fiddler crabs dart across the sand.
Fiddler crabs visual ecology.
Fiddler is different.
Fiddler plays fiddle tune.
Fiddler plays the fiddle.
Fiddler smells funky.
Fiddlers also have an interesting sex life.
Fiddlers are a productive species.
Fiddlers are active at low tide and retreat into their burrows at high tide.
Fiddlers are also popular pets.
Fiddlers are deposit feed- ers.
Fiddlers are key players in marsh food webs.
Fiddlers are located in roofs.
Fiddlers are musicians.
Fiddlers are very active during daylight hours, foraging, mating and digging burrows.
Fiddlers burrow into flats and banks in or near coastal marshes.
Fiddlers come to play together and enjoy each others company.
Fiddlers commonly dig burrows for protection from predators and incoming tidal waters.
Fiddlers compete in a wide range of divisions from peewee to senior senior.
Fiddlers have compound eyes, a little like a fly's, attached to eye stalks.
Fiddlers know that notes are only half of the fiddling sound.
Fiddlers often eat in a puddle of water to help separate the food from the sediment.
Most fiddlers know dozens of tunes, and some know a hundred or more.
Some fiddlers play a slightly dotted rhythm to add more swing.
A fiddlestick is a bow
Fiddlesticks are bows.
Fiddlesticks are part of violins.
Fiddlesticks collaborates with a group of talented artists to complete special order designs.
Fiddlesticks hosts several trunk shows each year that vary in style and design.
Fiddlesticks offers fun for the whole family, including miniature golf, rides and other amusements.
Fiddlings  breaks.
Fiddlings  dancing.
Fiddlings  entertainment.
Fiddlings  looks.
Fiddlings are used for appliances.
Fiddlings are used for fiddlers.
Fiddlings are used for fun.
Fiddlings are used for music.
Fiddlings are used for television.
Fiddlings cause bluegrass music.
Fiddlings cause breaking.
Fiddlings cause dancing.
Fiddlings cause discoveries.
Fiddlings cause drops.
Fiddlings cause music.
Fiddlings cause noise.
Fiddlings cause square dancing.
Fiddlings cause trouble.
Fidelity acts in a fiduciary capacity for the customer as a custodian.
Fidelity brings trust a strengthening of relationship bonds.
Fidelity distributes quarterly statements of fund deposits and current balances to all participants.
Fidelity enters commercial software business.
Fidelity expresses constancy in keeping one's given word.
Fidelity is accuracy
Fidelity is accuracy.
Fidelity is quality.
Fidelity levies no fees for stop payments.
Fidelity manages nearly a trillion dollars in customer assets.
Fidelity offers direct marketing of mutual funds.
Fidelity offers online mortgages and debt consolidation loans.
Fidelity offers partial pre-tax subsidies to employees who use public transportation.
Fidelity opens second regional operations center in Salt Lake City.
Fidelity receives price information from lenders on a daily basis.
Fidelity refers to doing one's duty and keeping one's word.
Fidelity refers to loyalty and to promise-keeping.
Fidelity reserves the right to change, alter or cancel promotions at any time without prior notice.
Fidelity takes great pride in our commitment to quality and meeting our Customers' expectations.
Fidelity tends to move their good managers around to help the floundering ones.
Fidget is a leading email-based news provider and syndicator.
Fidget is agitation
Fidget is agitation.
Fidget oversees about dozen original newsletters and syndicates other news from various sources.
Fidget pounds off .
Fidgets is good.
A fiduciary duty is responsibility
Fiduciary duty means fully disclosing possible conflicts of interest.
Fiduciary media are unknown.
Fiduciary money is paper money that is fully redeemable in gold and silver coin.
Fiduciary relationship applies to fee agreement between plaintiff, plaintiff's attorney.
Fiduciary responsibility demands professionalism.
A fiduciary is a person
Fiduciaries are people.
Fiduciaries can be personally liable for any breach of their and other responsibility.
Fiduciaries can have both civil and criminal liability.
Fiduciary constructs each portfolio based upon allocation objectives established by the client.
Fiduciaries sometimes hold the dual role of management and fiduciary.
Many fiduciaries mistakenly believe that they are.
Most fiduciaries are unaware of their personal financial risk or that of the sponsor organization.
Most fiduciaries prefer to be some place in between.
FIE funds are available, on a competitive basis, to any school district that applies for assistance.
A fief is an acres
Fief is a linguistic variant of feudum.
Fief is a view of medieval society from the bottom rungs looking up.
Fief is an online game that thousands of players can play interactively.
Fiefs are estates.
Field agents can access their schedule from any computer connected to the Internet.
Field agents do what they are told, and what they are trained to do.
Field agents report on current pest problems and request advisory articles.
Field agents report on current problems and request advisory articles.
Field agents supervise offenders to protect the public.
Field ants are probably our most commonly observed kind of ant.
Field ants feed on a variety of foods.
Field ants feed on other insects as well as insect honeydew.
A field bean is a legume
Field beans are mostly the bush type and are used as stock feed.
Field calls are an effective but expensive collection tool.
Field calls are an effective, but expensive collection tool.
Field camera is a sheet film camera suitable for use in location work.
Field campaigns are under the command of one person.
Field capacity is a measure of the water held by the soil against the influence of gravity.
Field capacity is an unit
Field capacity is reached when the curves level out.
Field capacity is the amount of water the soil can hold after being completely saturated.
Field capacity is the water content of a soil at the upper limit of the available water range.
Field capacity represents the upper limit of plant-available water.
Field cockroaches are found living on decomposing vegetation and under stones or clumps of earth.
Field codes are database specific.
All field codes are one letter.
A field coil is a coil
Field coils are obviously opposite rotation as are the drives.
Field commanders assume ultimate responsibility for every aspect of the police response.
Field corn can cross with sweet corn, making some of the sweet corn kernels starchy and flavorless.
Field corn contains high amounts of starch and low sugars so fresh eating quality is poor.
Field corn has roots.
Field corn is a field crop
Field corn is an excellent fall-winter food source.
Field corn is corn
Field corn is corn.
Field corn is field crops.
Field corn is grown for feed, silage, and processing.
Field corn is grown in the United States on more acres than any other crop.
Field corn is grown on the most acreage.
Field corn is the other major field crop.
Most field corn has roots.
A field cricket is a cricket
Field crickets are also subject to many diseases and parasites.
Field crickets are crickets.
Field crickets are important agents in the decomposer communities of many ecosystems.
Field crickets are less likely to be found inside houses.
Field crickets are omnivorous.
Field crickets are preyed upon by a wide range of predators.
Field crickets are seen in flower beds, overgrown grass and lawns.
Field crickets can damage ornamental plants and shrubs.
Field crickets develop outside and enter homes in the fall for shelter.
Field crickets spend the winter as eggs laid in the soil.
A field crop is a crop
Field crops are crops.
Field crops are susceptible to thousands of different diseases.
Field crops become damp with dew every evening, and are dried by the sun every morning.
Field crops change with each new season, providing the visitor with new scenery every few months.
Field crops injured include alfalfa, clover, and sweet clover.
Field Crops Take a sample from each part of a field that has a different crop history.
Field curvature appears because the object and image distances are measured from the lens' center.
Field curvature is modest in terms of wide-angle lenses.
Some field curvature is evident at the corners of the image.
A field day is a day
Field Day Find an extensive list of suggested activities to use in planning a Field Day.
Field day involves students in outdoor activities for the majority of the day.
Field day is a large-scale test of our emergency field communications.
Field day is a way for hams to get outdoors and have fun under some difficult conditions.
Field day is an oppurtunity for all high school students to give back to the community.
Field day is next month and that's the final month of school here.
Field day is so much fun.
Field days allow families to tour farm.
Field days are days.
Field days are field days, rain or shine.
Field days are social events.
Field days are successful if weather cooperates.
Field days are time periods.
Field days are usually large gatherings where a general invitation has been sent out to the public.
Field days are vacation.
Field days range in topic and agenda, but generally are problem or commodity specific.
Field days take place rain or shine.
All field days center around habitat and ecosystem processes.
All field days take place rain or shine and are free and open to the public.
Some field days are annual community events.
Some field days have a special theme or no theme at all.
Field dogs tend to more interested in their environment than people.
Field dress is appropriate.
A field emission is an emission
Field emission is used to extract the electrons without heating the cathodes.
Field engineers are available to carry out field support and hardware repairs.
Field engineers are engineers.
Field engineers facilitate and manage the projects.
Field engineers work closely with crafts people as quality control and quality assurance personnel.
Every field engineer is certified on the products they work on.
A field event is a match
Field events are matchs.
Field events are open-pit with a time limit for each age division.
Field events are open-pit with time limits.
Field events have more classes, as the functional ability has a greater influence on performance.
Field events listed as following another event are only tentative times.
Field events offered are shotput, discus, long jump, triple jump, pole vault, and high jump.
All field events are two person relays with the exception of the girls pole vault.
Field experience contributes to evolution.
Field experiments are advantageous in that they have high validity.
Field experiments are typically much more representative of the real-world than lab experiments.
Field experiments demonstrate intensity.
Field experiments examine effects.
Field experiments illustrate ecological principles through hands-on exercises.
Field experiments present extra challenges.
Field experiments provide evidence.
Field experiments provide strong evidence of competition in nature.
Field experiments show differences.
Field experiments show promise.
Field experiments to evaluate quality.
Most field experiments demonstrate intensity.
Most field experiments examine effects.
Most field experiments provide evidence.
Most field experiments show differences.
Some field experiments examine fertilization.
Some field experiments examine nitrogen fertilization.
Some field experiments show blocks.
Some field experiments show flicks.
Some field experiments show invaders.
Field glass is an optical telescope
Field glasses are also available.
A field goal is a score
Field goals are a little trickier.
Field goals are also a means of scoring.
Field goals are boring.
Field goals are goals.
Field goals are scores.
Field goals are to be thrown through the uprights.
Field goals make a difference.
All field goals are worth three points.
All field goals count two points.
Field guidance is in place and effective as of that date.
A field guide is a guide
Field guides are available .
Field guides are available at most bookstores or public libraries.
Field guides are available for some areas.
Field guides are available.
Field guides are books with pictures and descriptions of the birds.
Field guides are essential, but gear the guide to the observer.
Field guides are guidebooks.
Field guides are probably the most important and popular form of communication on parrot ecology.
Field guides are small, easy to pack, and real handy to have along on the trail.
Field guides describe sites.
Field guides look at pictures.
Field guides reveal much more about the items they cover than merely their names.
Most field guides contain checklists.
Most field guides have maps showing where to see a particular kind of bird.
Most field guides look at pictures.
Most field guides show the two front toes right next to each other.
A field gun is a gun
Field guns are best for giving long range fire support and counter-battery fire .
Field guns are best for giving long range fire support and counter-battery fire.
Most field guns have a modified choke.
Field hearings are more important although they are infrequent.
A field hockey is an outdoor game
Field hockey brings out the true athlete.
Field hockey is a blood sport when India and Pakistan play.
Field hockey is a cousin to ice hockey in many ways, but often without the bang 'em up mentality.
Field hockey is a really fun sport.
Field hockey is a team sport.
Field hockey is a very big sport down there.
Field hockey is life.
Field hockey is official competition of the Olympic Games .
Field hockey is official competition of the Olympic Games.
Field hockey is played at the high school, club and international level.
Field hockey is similar to soccer.
Field hockey is the national sport but cricket is the obsession.
Field hockey requires endurance, finesse, and a true sense of teamwork.
Field hockey See the back issues that are currently online.
Field hockeys are hockeys.
Field hockeys are sports.
A field horsetail is a horsetail
Field horsetail comes in a variety of forms.
Field horsetail is a native, perennial, rhizomatous cryptogam.
Field horsetail is an early colonizer on floodplain deposits.
Field horsetail is cosmopolitan in distribution.
Field horsetail is found at a wide range of elevations.
Field horsetail is top-killed by most fires.
Field ice dominates, with ice floe upon ice floe, and during certain spring and summer months.
Field ice extends to lat.
Some field intensity falls below intensity.
A field line is a line
Field lines are blue where the field is directed inward and orange where directed outward.
Field lines are often smaller and lighter than show lines, but both make good pets.
Field lines are paths of a charges motion.
Field lines are real.
Field lines begin and end only on charges.
Field lines begin on positive charge and terminate on negative charge.
Field lines behave as if there is a tendency for lines to repel one another.
Field lines converge where the magnetic force is strong , and spread out where it is weak.
Field Lines Drag two variable charges and watch the field lines.
Field lines exist only in two dimensions.
Field lines extend two Earth radii from the core.
Field lines go from the north pole to the south.
Field lines provide a way to visualize the electric influence of a charge distribution.
Field lines round a magnet Field lines go from North to South.
Field lines start on positive charges and end on negative charges.
Field lines tend to be very energetic and high strung.
All field lines cross the plane of the dipole going up inside the loop and down outside the loop.
Some field magnets are part of dynamos.
Some field magnets are part of freezers.
Some field magnets are part of fridges.
Some field magnets are part of sanders.
Some field magnets are part of starters.
Some field magnets are part of turbines.
Field Managers are welcome.
Field managers use it to plan, evaluate, control, and analyze every aspect of the producer's job.
Field Manor is located in the large clearing at the end of the road.
Field marks are essential in identifying a raptor.
Field marks are usually anatomical locators, and can often lead to a positive identification.
Some field marks are obvious.
Field measurements have negative values.
Field measurements have values.
Field measurements use laws.
Any field method requires basic steps that are easy to follow by operators from a field office.
Field mills can help defend against storms building overhead.
A field mouse is a mouse
Field mice are food for many kinds of animals like cats, wolves, owls, fox, and eagles.
Field Mice are scavengers.
Field mice can get the flu just like humans do.
Field mice can usually find enough food outdoors even during the winter.
Field mice eat seeds that have been exposed to pesticides.
Field mice eat the caterpillars and seeds from the grass.
Field Mice have the longest list of natural enemies of any known creature.
Field mice hibernate among the stones, dreaming of the dead to come.
Field mice leave narrow winding runs under thick vegetation.
Field mice live in meadows.
Field mouses are mouses.
Field mouses are rodents.
A field mushroom is agaric
Field mushrooms grow in fields with grass.
Field mustard is a weed or ruderal in much of Europe, native to Asia.
Field mustard is mustard
Field name is the keyword.
Field names are a fascinating source of information or just plain curiosity.
Field names are always case insensitive.
Field names are always singular, except list references are always plural.
Field names are case insensitive.
Field names are case sensative.
Field names are case sensitive.
Field names are case-sensitive.
Field names are consistent across all tables.
Field names are consistent across multiple programs.
Field names are descriptive.
Field names are merely conceptual handles for the given definitions.
Field names are optional for line, box, and graph fields.
Field names are unique within the scope of the node .
Field names can consist of up to twelve characters and can include spaces and punctuation marks.
Field names define both the syntax and semantics of the value.
Field names displayed in bold indicate a required field.
Field names displayed in red indicate mandatory fields.
Field names follow a standard naming convention and are unique across all tables.
Field names followed by an asterisk are compulsory.
Field names vary from database to database.
Field names written in italics are mandatory.
All field names hyperlink to the glossary.
Field notes are a participant's personal observations.
Field notes are as important as the field sheets on which accomplishments are recorded.
Field notes are notes taken in the field.
Field notes are observations of processes and power relations evident at the site.
Field notes are the comments written to record what was observed.
Field notes are the written recordings made by the observer at the time of the observation.
Field notes can be voluminous.
Field notes provide numbers dead, warning and historical facts.
Field observations are an important part of the undergraduate curriculum.
Field observations are due before leaving the field site.
Field observations based on plant symptoms suggest that the bacteria spreads from vine to vine.
Field observations correlating object damage with humidity problems are overwhelming.
Field observations indicate that heavier set fruit are grown in lower elevations.
Field observations indicate that the spring box has never been inundated by flood waters.
Field observations lead to estimations.
Field observations reveal that most log jams occur behind large boulders in the research section.
Field observations show aspects.
Field observations show behavior.
Field observations show that the degree of susceptibility can vary by cultivar.
Field observations suggest activities.
Field observations suggest barite was emplaced at very shallow depths.
Field observations suggest gray squirrel numbers are up.
Field observations suggest regeneration.
Field observations suggest sexual activities.
Most field observations show aspects.
Most field observations suggest activities.
Most field observations suggest regeneration.
Most field observations suggest sexual activities.
Some field observations indicate effects.
Some field observations indicate elevation.
Some field observations indicate minerals.
Some field observations suggest possibility.
Some field observations suggest rainfall.
All fields of engineering involve metallic, ceramic, polymeric, or composite materials.
All fields of engineering involve problem solving.
Field of fire is a tract
Fields of fire are poor in the forests.
Fields of fire relate to the terrain effects on weapon systems.
Fields Of Gold calls up images that are expansive, free-flowing and abundant.
All fields of inquiry are welcome.
Field of research is entered where possible, e.g. 'geochemistry', 'geophysics', etc.
Fields of research are contract theory and development economics.
All fields of science are eligible for publication.
Some fields of science do mature, and become wholly incremental.
A field of study is a domain
Field of study extends the use of effective leadership in organization operations.
Field of study is indicated by the color of the velvet facing on the hood.
Fields of study are areas.
Fields of study are as above.
Fields of study are highly flexible and individually designed for each student.
Fields of study are information.
Fields of study are still highly sex-typed , however.
Fields of study evolve rapidly and methodologies change quickly.
All fields of study are eligible.
All fields of study are possible.
All fields of study are welcome including the arts, humanities, and sciences.
All fields of study are welcome.
All fields of study have important impact on others.
All fields of study have some form of electronic access to their literature.
Any field of study is eligible.
Every field of study has it's own specialized vocabulary and economics is certainly no exception.
Every field of study has some relevance to law.
Many fields of study abound with professionals who made their mark early in their career.
Many fields of study are appropriate.
Most fields of study are available through our colleges and universities.
Some fields of study are more closely related to some specialties than others.
Some fields of study favor the laptop.
Some fields of study have additional specific requirements.
Some fields of study have common criteria, and have been combined within one slide.
Some fields of study require creating minimum grades in matriculation examinations.
Some fields of study seem to attract more women than others.
All fields of use are available for licensing.
A field of view is a visual image
Field of view ca.
Field of view depends entirely upon what eyepieces the binoculars use.
Field of view is approx.
Field of view is comparable to other high quality zoom scopes at similar powers.
Field of view is critical.
Field of view is excellent.
Field of view is fixed.
Field of view Think about it.
Field of vision is a visual image
Field of vision varies with power selection.
A field officer is a commissioned officer
Field officers are responsible for all animal related activities in their assigned service area.
Field officers rate hunting prospects as good to excellent.
All field officers rate hunting prospects as good to excellent.
Field operators arrive ready to enter the field with SSAR members.
Field orders are now encumbered daily, which provides current data on the status of obligated funds.
A field pansy is a viola
Field pansy is a winter annual weed.
A field pea is a pea
Field pea is an alternative crop being grown in North Dakota for multiple markets.
Field peas are in the late flowering to podded stages.
Field peas are legumes.
Field peas are part of field peas.
Field peas are peas.
Field peas work well as a summer green manure.
A field pennycress is a weed
Field pennycress has a strong garlicky odor, especially when the leaves are bruised.
Field position is a big part of the game.
Field position is established by it.
Field position is no longer reset when the scrolling text variable is modified.
Field position is the key.
Field position wins.
Field project entails design of soil survey map units, field mapping and cartographic techniques.
Field project includes developing a management plan using landscape buffers.
Field project includes developing a watershed management plan.
Field projects are a common component of many classes.
Field projects are integral to the course.
Field projects are ongoing in Africa, Alaska, Siberia, the West Indies, and the Amazon Basin.
Field projects develop service innovation.
Field projects employ the rich fossil faunas of the Richmond area.
Field projects involve student teams preparing a succession plan for a local family business.
Field projects provide actual production and post-production experience.
Field punishment means clean everyone s boots for the next half-hour of the film .
A field ration is a ration
Field rations contain all the essential nutrients needed to maintain health and physical fitness.
Field records show that the tubing rotators extend tubing life.
Field recording can be especially useful for recording large scenes and ambient waveforms.
Field recordings help, but they're hard to find.
Field Reports are ready promptly.
Field reports can convey the personal strain and professional frustration of our Airmen.
Field Reports describe a PCS project in a given country.
Field reports indicate good results.
Field reports indicate that the new programs do solve the problem.
Field reports indicate that very little oil penetrated the soil of the roadway.
Field Reports provide detailed descriptions of major PCS country program and evaluation activities.
Field research continues to determine appropriate recommendation strategies.
Field research guides the evolution of our systems.
Field research includes analyzing the effects of regulations on specific development projects.
Field research is a significant component of all research programs.
Field research is an integral part of the curriculum.
Field research is carried out in both northern and southern polar regions.
Field research is conducted at Florida archaeological sites and during study tours in the Yucatan.
Field research is integrated within the course.
Field research is lots of tedious and small work, details, and sweat.
Field research is required field research.
Field research is required in the form of a personal interview.
Field research is required.
Field research is the collection of primary data in market research .
Field research is vital to the making of discoveries.
Field research provides new, often unexpected data for analysis and study.
Field research provides support for the above point.
Field research provides the baseline empirical base and the overall perspective.
Field research suggests that webs with more decorative bands captured more prey per hour.
Field research uses methods from sociology and anthropology.
All field research is takes place in Cameroon.
Some field research is experimental because it involves randomly assigning people to groups.
Field sanitation is important.
Field sanitation is one of the most important tactics in vegetable pest and disease management .
Field sanitation is one of the most important tactics in vegetable pest and disease management.
Field school is a real-world experience.
Field school is an intensive, experiential course.
Field schools are occasionally available in physical anthropology.
Field schools sponsored by our universities also welcome volunteers who are MAA members.
Many field schools do include the cost of lodging and food in their tuition.
Field separators are tab characters.
Field size can also effect the fitness demands.
Field size is an immediate difference between leagues.
Field size is limited.
Field size varies.
Field sizes are smaller, with farmland is intermingled with forest.
Field sizes are the maximum length for the field.
Field sizes vary by age group.
Most field solvers assume infinite ground planes in solving circuitand antenna problems.
A field sparrow is a finch
Field sparrows prefer fields.
Field sparrows visit the brush areas of a savanna.
Field specification is consistent for all system authentication databases.
Field staff use methods.
Field station is on the left side.
Field station is open by appointment only.
Many field stations offer opportunities for undergraduates to be involved in research.
Some field stones marking graves still remain.
Field strength decreases with distance from the source.
Field strength is created by a combination of transmitter power output and antenna efficiency.
Field strength is indicated by the contour levels, and field lines are also shown.
Field strength is intensity
Field strength is intensity.
Field strength is more difficult to recover from the distant past., except by archaeo magnetism.
Field studies are a large part of their work.
Field studies are adaptable for use with any body of water.
Field studies are an important component of the course.
Field studies are an important component.
Field studies are an important part of zoological research.
Field studies are an integral part of our curriculum.
Field studies are an integral part of the course.
Field studies are essential components of species management plans and recovery programs.
Field studies are essential for a complete education.
Field studies are essential to resolving problems associated with forest insects and diseases.
Field studies are expensive and time-consuming.
Field studies are in progress at tow sites in Turkey.
Field studies are in the planning stages.
Field studies are strenuous both physically and mentally.
Field studies are the actual method of choice for a valid rating of the strain - stress relation.
Field studies are therefore central in the research of all groups.
Field studies emphasize plant collection, identification and classification.
Field studies emphasize the interaction of water and rock, as mediated by biological activity.
Field studies examine client- studio relationships and directed studies of workshops and studios.
Field studies examine client-studio relationships and directed studies of workshops and studios.
Field studies fall short of providing complete support for the model.
Field studies focus on vegetation sampling, and plant-animal interactions.
Field studies form an integral part of the course.
Field studies identify common ergonomic work stress problems associated with manufacturing plants.
Field studies indicate that feeding activity increases during warm weather.
Field studies involve airborne and shipboard measurements of aerosol populations.
Field studies range from animal behavior to glacial geology.
Field studies show a distinct reduction in numbers of small clams in high sulphidic areas.
Field studies show a preference for black, red or woody substrates.
Field studies show some subtle responses in some species downstream of some mills.
Field studies show that female house finches prefer to mate with colorful males.
Field studies show that small sculpins prefer mayfly nymphs and small worms.
Field studies show that women represent only a very small proportion of the individuals involved.
Field studies suggest that current exposures are limited and hazards low.
Field study includes an on site drawing session.
Field study includes sampling and observations, and individual and group projects.
Field study is a requirement in every course and among the bases for a culminating experience.
Field study is an integral part of the experience.
Field study is an internship completed during the junior or senior year.
Field study is complete.
Field study is more than a means to verify models.
Field study is regarded as integral experiential learning which complements the course materials.
Field study is required.
Field study means a study conducted on free-living wild animals in their natural habitat.
Field study provides students with first-hand experience in conducting archaeological research.
Field study Take a visit to a travel agency.
Field surveys are a means of anticipating disease problems.
Field surveys are also complete.
Field surveys are the final step in the process.
Field surveys can be very costly and time consuming.
Many field systems are irregular and undatable, but form a number of distinct types.
Field technicians sell services.
Field telephones provide an opportunity to eavesdrop on communications.
Field test shows high acceptance and survival rate for bluebirds.
Field tests allow the department to evaluate prospective future test questions.
Field tests are under way in China.
Field tests are under way.
Field tests are underway.
Field tests begin the second lab.
Field tests confirm the program's unprecedented skill-improvement results.
Field tests establishing the age of the magnetization relative to the rock formation are desirable.
Field tests indicate that engine life is increased with biodiesel usage.
Field tests show reduced proppant flowback and improved fracture conductivity.
Field tests show that the life of crucial machine parts is greatly extended.
Field tests tend to be more precise, with greenhouse tests useful for screening.
Some field tests conduct at sites.
Some field tests establish guidelines.
Some field tests lead to synthesis.
Field testing appears satisfactory.
Field testing are testing.
Field testing can commence immediately.
Field testing can wait until a hybrid is near commercialization.
Field testing is an important part of the business.
Field testing is an integral part of the translation process itself.
Field testing is conducted under ideal conditions.
Field testing is crucial to further development.
Field testing is needed for probable cause to make an arrest.
Field testing is recommended.
Field testing is the approved way to tell which technique and which device works best.
Field testing is to begin next year.
More field testing is currently underway.
More field testing is needed to improve their accuracy and applicabilities to field conditions.
Field theory approaches have success.
A field theory is a theory
Field theories are theories.
Field theory is a collection of rules that determine how fields behave and evolve.
Field theory is a powerful tool to study phenomena involving many degrees of freedom.
Field theory is used to discuss problems in strong, electromagnetic, and weak interactions.
Field theory leads to simple electrodynamics and circuit analysis.
Field training can be pretty demanding.
Field training can take place on or off the local union's site.
Field training comes in different sizes and shapes.
Field training is a common component of most geology programs.
Field training takes place during the summer.
A field trial is a test
Field trials are a large part of most Vizsla club's activity schedules.
Field trials are an essential element in risk and benefit assessment.
Field trials are contests.
Field trials are currently underway for the kiosks.
Field trials are currently underway.
Field trials are definetly among the most difficult of all dog sports.
Field trials are in progress around the world.
Field trials are necessary to be able to measure the potential effects of growing such crops.
Field trials are now underway in North and South Dakota, Montana and Minnesota.
Field trials are part of the assessment process required for approval of transgenic plant species.
Field trials are particularly important because they reflect the end-use situation.
Field trials are tests.
Field trials are trials.
Field trials are under way at sites in Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, Texas, and Utah.
Field trials demonstrate benefits.
Field trials demonstrate conditions.
Field trials demonstrate improvement.
Field trials examine factors.
Field trials find answers.
Field trials have the potential to adversely impact wildlife resources.
Field trials provide better management information.
Field trials provide information.
Most field trials demonstrate benefits.
Most field trials demonstrate conditions.
Most field trials demonstrate improvement.
Most field trials provide better management information.
Most field trials provide information.
Some field trials show rotation.
Some field trials use oral vaccines.
Some field trials use vaccines.
A field trip is expedition
Field trip is included.
Field trip is part of the course.
Field trip is required.
Field Trip Lists small historic sites in the city.
Field trip require.
Field trip sign up.
Field trip walk to gather flowers for dissections.
Field trips allow students to explore real-world business activity.
Field trips allow students to see how they are perceived by others.
Field trips are a frequent occurrence and an important part of our curriculum.
Field trips are a good opportunity to understand the geologists as well as the geology.
Field trips are a highlight of every month.
Field trips are a key feature of such courses.
Field trips are a lot more fun in our new school bus.
Field trips are a lot of fun for children.
Field trips are a major component.
Field trips are a non-event.
Field trips are a part of school and are considered being in school.
Field trips are a part of the learning process.
Field trips are a required part of the work.
Field trips are a required portion of course.
Field trips are a required portion of the course.
Field trips are a requirement.
Field trips are a structured part of the social studies and science curriculum.
Field trips are a true educational source to reach our goal of applying knowledge to the real world.
Field trips are a valuable aspect of the program.
Field trips are a vital part of the curriculum.
Field trips are a wonderful component of our classroom learning.
Field trips are a wonderful way to enhance the learning of our students.
Field trips are also a great way to learn about the jobs in the industry.
Field trips are also a part of a well-rounded learning experience here at Shining Lights.
Field trips are also a part of the program.
Field trips are also a part of the project.
Field trips are also a part of the school program.
Field trips are also a part of their experience.
Field trips are also a regular part of the meetings.
Field trips are also an effective way to educate groups about our natural resources.
Field trips are also an essential part of the program.
Field trips are also an important part of the program.
Field trips are also an important part of the school experience.
Field trips are also an integral part of the course.
Field trips are also available depending on time and weather.
Field trips are also available.
Field trips are also likely to be canceled.
Field trips are also organized to consulates, trade offices and businesses.
Field trips are also organized to consulates, trade offices, and businesses.
Field trips are also part of each year s activities.
Field trips are also part of the curriculum here.
Field trips are an essential component of many geologists' activities.
Field trips are an essential part of geological education.
Field trips are an essential part of the curriculum.
Field trips are an essential part of the educational program.
Field trips are an essential part of the holistic education experience.
Field trips are an exciting treat to the children.
Field trips are an extension of our educational programming.
Field trips are an extension of the classroom into the community.
Field trips are an extension of the curriculum of the school.
Field trips are an important component of many of the courses.
Field trips are an important component of the course.
Field trips are an important component of the program.
Field trips are an important part of full day programming.
Field trips are an important part of our program.
Field trips are an important part of ranch management education.
Field trips are an important part of the instructional program.
Field trips are an important part of the program.
Field trips are an important portion of the course.
Field trips are an integral part of a geoscience education.
Field trips are an integral part of many courses.
Field trips are an integral part of several of our courses, but change from year to year.
Field trips are an integral part of the coastal lab.
Field trips are an integral part of the course.
Field trips are an integral part of the educational experience.
Field trips are an integral part of the learning process.
Field trips are an opportunity to experience local freshwater habitats first-hand.
Field trips are an optional activity.
Field trips are approximately two hours and fifteen minutes long.
Field trips are approximately two hours and thirty minutes in entirety.
Field trips are at the locations given.
Field trips are available before and after the meeting.
Field trips are available during off-track care.
Field trips are available on a limited basis.
Field trips are both educational and fun.
Field trips are common in all natural resources courses.
Field trips are common.
Field trips are especially important.
Field trips are essential to the learning process.
Field Trips are even more critical for the late reader.
Field trips are excellent opportunities to encounter real world examples and applications.
Field trips are excursions.
Field trips are extra.
Field trips are free.
Field trips are frequent, often with PTSA supplemental funding.
Field trips are frequent.
Field trips are fun and get children involved.
Field trips are fun, but they also mean work and study.
Field trips are fun.
Field trips are generally easy walks suitable for all ages unless otherwise noted.
Field trips are great ways to help students apply what they have learned in class.
Field trips are hard to schedule.
Field trips are impossible.
Field trips are in high demand and planning in advance helps assure availability.
Field trips are in high demand and planning in advance helps assure availablility.
Field trips are in the planning stage.
Field trips are integral, vital parts of the course.
Field trips are integral.
Field trips are Integral.
Field trips are lessons and are to be planned as such, with objectives determined in advance.
Field trips are mandatory and the only way to learn habitat typing.
Field trips are mandatory.
Field trips are obligatory.
Field trips are often part of such programs which adds new functional purposes for writing.
Field trips are often times an essential part of coursework.
Field trips are on Thursdays.
Field trips are one to four weeks long, depending on the location.
Field trips are open to advance registration to all preregistrants and their families.
Field trips are open to everyone.
Field trips are open to members only.
Field trips are open to non-Audubon members.
Field trips are optional at extra cost.
Field trips are optional.
Field trips are out.
Field trips are part of many courses.
Field trips are part of the course work.
Field trips are part of the course.
Field trips are part of the journey as well.
Field trips are possible, depending on interest and weather, as is lab work.
Field trips are rewards for good conduct rather than an avenue for learning.
Field trips are subject to change as opportunities or conditions warrant.
Field Trips are subject to change depending on weather and other unforeseen factors.
Field trips are subject to change without notice.
Field trips are subject to change.
Field trips are subject to weather conditions and minimun participation.
Field trips are terrific for encouraging carryover.
Field trips are the geologists' counterpart of a business case history.
Field trips are the things kids remember.
Field trips are to a variety of habitats in the region.
Field trips are to botanical gardens and natural sites of interest.
Field trips are to historic sites.
Field trips are to local habitats and focus on seasonally relevant events and processes.
Field trips are typically day-long events, including travel to and from a site.
Field trips are usually morning affairs.
Field trips are welcome anytime.
Field trips are welcome on our routes.
Field trips are welcome with prior notice.
Field trips are well worth the effort.
Field trips begin and end promptly.
Field trips bring the learning environment to the student.
Field trips can also add to the students appreciation of their historical inheritance.
Field trips can be a challenge.
Field trips can be a good way to see people at work and talk to others who are working.
Field trips can be an extremely valuable learning experience.
Field trips can consist of a wide variety of activities.
Field trips can enable students to practice observation skills and hands-on inquiry.
Field trips can help to make change less dramatic.
Field trips can work up quite an appetite.
Field trips consider local and regional patterns of plants and animals.
Field trips contribute additional practical exposure.
Field trips depend on weather and boat availability.
Field trips enrich and expand units taught in the classroom.
Field trips expand the student's understanding of Italy and Rome's role as a capital.
Field trips explore England's rich history.
Field trips explore igneous, metamorphic and sedimentary rock sites.
Field trips extend knowledge of local and national government.
Field trips focus on Central California Coast.
Field trips focus on local resources.
Field trips focus on sampling and wetland delineation techniques.
Field trips give firsthand experiences in the identification of area species.
Field trips give students the chance to practice their language skills in real-life situations.
Field trips give the scholars a first-hand look at how various businesses operate.
Field trips go to different parts of California in spring and in fall.
Field trips help students connect classroom studies with practical career applications.
Field trips introduce festival goers to the natural and cultural delights of the Valley.
Field trips involve students with experts in their area.
Field Trips Learn More .
Field trips make students aware of learning activities in everyday life.
Field trips offer additional enrichment and are designed to supplement academic work.
Field trips offer experience.
Field trips offer exposure to museums and events off campus.
Field trips offer outstanding birding opportunities throughout the Central Valley.
Field trips offer students an in-depth view into industries and organizations.
Field trips offer unique experience.
Field trips offer unique outdoor experience.
Field trips play an important role in highlighting local management or research issues.
Field trips play an important role in the food safety program.
Field trips play an integral part in the learning experience.
Field trips pose other problems within the special needs bus.
Field trips provide a form of didactic education that surpasses the classroom lecture.
Field trips provide additional access to arts resources in the tri-state area.
Field trips provide additional experience.
Field trips provide an appreciation for the great variety of English landscapes.
Field trips provide an opportunity for students to learn outside the classroom.
Field trips provide an opportunity for students visualize concepts discussed during lecture and lab.
Field trips provide an opportunity to draw on-site.
Field trips provide experience to every student.
Field trips provide exposure to the expanding applicability of letterpress in contemporary design.
Field trips provide extensive first-hand research experience.
Field trips provide information on career options associated with the hands-on skills being learned.
Field trips provide occasions for interaction with professionals in the work force.
Field trips provide opportunities for experiential learning in England s rich historical setting.
Field trips provide opportunities for experiential learning in England's rich historical setting.
Field trips provide opportunities for experiential learning.
Field trips provide opportunities for experimental learning in England s rich historical setting.
Field trips provide opportunity.
Field Trips provide perspective.
Field trips provide practical experience.
Field trips provide students with learning experiences outside of the classroom.
Field trips provide students with the opportunity to see real enterprises in action.
Field trips related to courses of study are an important part of the program.
Field trips require additional fee.
Field trips require moderate hiking capabilities.
Field trips require two weeks notice and programs require four to six weeks notice.
Field trips supplement the course.
Field trips supplement the lecture and laboratory material.
Field trips supplement the offerings.
Field trips take in nearby cultural activities.
Field trips take place in the summer.
Field trips take place on a regular basis.
Field trips take students into the community to discover dangerous buildings.
Field trips take students to area museums, galleries, and architectural sites.
Field trips use a range of vehicles, depending on the circumstances.
Field trips vary by school.
Field trips vary depending on classes taken.
Field Trips Write a summary of a play and a musical.
All field trips are an additional expense.
All field trips are free and open to the public.
All field trips are free.
All field trips are open to anyone interested in birding in the area where the trip is scheduled.
All field trips are open to anyone interested in natural history.
All field trips are open to meeting registrants and their families.
All field trips are open to the public.
All field trips are optional.
All field trips are rain or shine.
All field trips are subject to availability of facilities and scientists.
All field trips are subject to change and cancellation if less than half of the spaces are filled.
All field trips are subject to the vagaries of the weather and other unforeseen circumstances.
All field trips planned by the school are curriculum related.
All field trips provide chaperons, adult supervision and strict adherence to all safety regulations.
All field trips require advance registration since space is limited.
All field trips require reservations.
Any field trip made for a permit is covered by the fee paid for that outstanding permit.
Many field trips are a part of the educational process.
Many field trips have no meaning to children.
Many field trips revolve around Boston's museums and theaters.
Most field trips are beneficial and a great learning experience.
Most field trips are either free or inexpensive.
Most field trips involve opportunities for an up-close look at bird banding.
Most field trips occur in late spring or early summer.
Most field trips offer unique experience.
Most field trips offer unique outdoor experience.
Most field trips provide opportunity.
Some field trips are additional to class lectures.
Some field trips are an additional fee for participation.
Some field trips are optional over-nighters, due in part to distance.
Some field trips are possible.
Some field trips involve special hazards and risks to the participants.
Field voles are active by day and night.
Field work appears ordinary and everyday, even boring at times.
Field work can be rigorous and tense at times.
Field work can be rigorous, lonely, and frustrating, yet very rewarding.
Field work can take place in the context of a formal program or informal travel.
Field work consists in adjusting instruments and caring for field equipment.
Field work consists of the discovery, excavation and identification of sites.
Field work demonstrates ecological sampling techniques.
Field work emphasizes subterranean ecology and groundwater contamination studies.
Field work encompasses water resources applications.
Field work features prominently in many courses.
Field work focuses on field methods as they apply to specific geological concepts and problems.
Field work forms part of both subject areas.
Field work has stopped in several areas and price speculation on some basic food items is reported.
Field work helps radio students get extra experience in a local radio station.
Field work helps students get real world job experience and advice on job search strategies.
Field work includes an Internship in the senior year.
Field work includes burning white males in effigy.
Field work includes completing day-book records and student attendance and progress records.
Field work includes eight study sites that represent a chronosequence of three age classes.
Field work includes excursions to places of geological interest, mostly in or near Hobart.
Field work includes layout and surveying of conservation evaluations.
Field work includes lession planning, teaching, and evaluation.
Field work includes many trips to locations within Virginia.
Field work includes plant tissue collection and soil sampling.
Field work includes studies on the finest reefs in the Caribbean to the mud flats of North Carolina.
Field work includes studying ponds, forests, and prairies.
Field work includes surveying a site and then excavating.
Field work includes taping, differential and profile leveling, traversing and topographic mapping.
Field work integrates environmental biophysics, physiology, and population biology.
Field work involves active participation in community planning projects.
Field work involves completion of a comprehensive preservation study on a selected home or building.
Field work involves forestry professionals and technicians.
Field work involves strenuous hiking, long days, and camping at remote locations.
Field work involving the collection of data is an important part of the course.
Field work is a central feature of the research of most faculty members.
Field work is a common part of geography in other parts of the world but less common in our country.
Field work is a frequent and important component of the course.
Field work is a hard, but rewarding experience.
Field work is a laboratory for learning through practice.
Field work is a major component of many of the classes offered.
Field work is a major facet of the laboratory.
Field work is a requirement.
Field work is an essential component throughout the course of study.
Field work is an essential part of the training for genetic counseling students.
Field work is an ideal vehicle to generate interest and questions.
Field work is an important component of marine science education.
Field work is an important feature of social work education.
Field work is an important part of both master's degree programs.
Field work is an important part of nearly all geologic projects.
Field work is an important part of the biology program.
Field work is an important part of the social work program.
Field work is an important self-informing experience.
Field work is an integral part of most programs.
Field work is an integral part of the course.
Field work is carried out in weekends or teaching recesses.
Field work is carried out under shades.
Field work is carried out year round in all weather conditions.
Field work is complete and dissertation is in progress.
Field work is conducted from small cliffs and boats.
Field work is conducted on the university campus.
Field work is crucial to that goal.
Field work is currently on-going.
Field work is done in sedimentary, metamorphic and igneous rocks.
Field work is done throughout the metro area, and elsewhere.
Field work is emphasized in the department, and undergraduate research is encouraged.
Field work is encouraged for the projects, as well as team investigations.
Field work is expensive, and often inconvenient.
Field work is great.
Field work is hard.
Field work is in full swing.
Field work is in the student s field of interest.
Field work is in the student's field of interest.
Field work is integral to the unit.
Field work is intensive.
Field work is mandatory.
Field work is minimal.
Field work is now complete and the investigators are preparing publications and the final report.
Field work is often on ocean going research vessels, both U.K. and international.
Field work is outdoors and requires work in elevated environments.
Field work is performed by experienced drillers and technicians supervised by a professional staff.
Field work is performed during the daytime and occasionally into the evening.
Field work is performed through training, surveys and research.
Field work is required as an integral part of the course.
Field work is required in all areas.
Field work is required of all first year students.
Field work is required. .
Field work is required.
Field work is research
Field work is research.
Field work is scheduled for an average of three days per week.
Field work is scheduled for three-week periods in the third and fourth levels.
Field work is scheduled to begin by the end of the month.
Field work is so important.
Field work is supervised by a faculty member who serves as liaison to the health organization.
Field work is supported by a pontoon boat and a smaller aluminum watercraft.
Field work is the cornerstone of our professional education curriculum.
Field work is thus a laboratory for learning through practice.
Field work is to occur after completion of all, or nearly all, other course work requirements.
Field work is undertaken when applicable.
Field work is usually the shortest phase.
Field work is very important here.
Field work is very important in geophysics.
Field work is vital to the study of biogeography.
Field work is what is missing in botany.
Field work lends itself to more general assessment.
Field work occurs in the third and fourth years of study.
Field work plays an important part in the research and collection activities of the department.
Field work prepares students for employment in entry-level social work practice.
Field work requires private means of transportation.
Field work requires regular participation in the life of a selected religious community.
Field work requires suitable clothing, boots, and safety equipment.
Field work starts only in the fall and continues through the spring semester.
Field work takes place where there are mining oil or other developments.
All field work is compiled and completed by knowledgeable and professional staff.
All field work is done.
More field work is needed to determine the extent of the range in northwestern Wisconsin.
More field work is needed to determine the extent of the range in west-central Wisconsin.
Most field work is complete.
Most field work is conducted in lakes and marshes via airboat.
Much field work continues to center on the eastern Mediterranean.
Some field work is involved, as our writers occasionally visit schools during their research.
Some field work is involved.
Some field work requires availability of private means of transportation.
Field workers perform jobs.
A field is a tract
Field advises farmers to get a physical.
Field also has a provocative energy.
Field also has concession stands for food.
Field also stresses the importance of parental modeling.
Field annually includes many of the best American and international runners.
Field approach to infants and children.
Field are behind and to the left of the church.
Field arrows only.
Field assignmentsare required.
Field based observation and experience is required.
Field based research helps here too.
Field based work refers to course assignments which involve school age children.
Field based work refers to course assignments which involve school-age children.
Field blocking can further shape the field as needed.
Field booming It's apparently a crowded and growing field.
Field bring Stamp from any breath with most wheel.
Field burning is fast, economical and removes disease organisms, but is now tightly regulated.
Field burning often occurs in the summer, when the slugs are quite deep and insulated in the soil.
Field burning remains a controversial practice and a complicated issue.
Field can also be the label of a column.
Field can be integer, long or text.
Field can speed up the ordering process and eliminate several steps while still maintaining control.
Field checking is in process and is farthest along in the Bankhead.
Field clamps to better define field boundaries at the entrance and exit of the poles.
Field clean up at end of the season.
Field Click on thumbnail to access full page image.
Field closes at midnight.
Field collecting remains an important means of acquiring new collections.
Field contains decimal point for two places.
Field contains either Latin or common names for host plants.
Field contains zero if unused.
Field crops producers in other countries compete directly with U.S. producers through world trade.
Field crops Rs.
Field cultivate once.
Field deals more with the surface.
Field die Work with a boy against a purpose.
Field displays sensitive musicianship, solid technique, and a burnished tone.
Field displays the search field for the search statement.
Field displays the search field for the statement.
Field dress a downed animal immediately.
Field dress all game as soon as possible after it has been killed.
Field dress the animal to keep it from spoiling.
Field dress the bird immediately.
Field dress the bird promptly.
Field dressing also improves the quality of the meat.
Field dressing and preparing any wild hogs for transportation is the responsibility of the Guest.
Field dressing birds hastens the cooling process.
Field dressing situations are very difficult to control.
Field dressing, caping and meat pack-out is provides.
Field drying is best and allows the kernel to reach full-maturity.
Field eagerly awaits analysis of the remaining data, but is sceptical about supersymmetry.
Field edges, logging roads, and small forest openings are the best places.
Field edits from obscured areas and incorrectly classified objects from the air photo run.
Field edits reduce data entry errors.
Field electropolishing support is available for subsurface measurement.
Field emphais on local and intertidal and shallow water communities.
Field enclosures mark the northern boundary.
Field enumerates many modern Protestant memorials.
Field exercises expose students to systems discussed in class.
Field exercises in plan evaluation, carrying capacity, agricultural land protection, growth control.
Field exercises on weekends required with materials and equipment furnished.
Field exercises to collect and analyze data.
Field exist along few voice likewise likes elderly stereotype.
Field experience a plus.
Field experiences complement lectures, seminars and readings.
Field experiences emphasizes interaction, communication, and mentorship with today's juveniles.
Field experiences One of the best ways to learn is to see some management strategies in action.
Field experiences six hours.
Field experiences with a variety of observational techniques.
Field feeding by white-fronted geese occurs primarily in corn and winter wheat fields.
Field finishing is carried out by subcontractors in California.
Field focus lens and iris diaphragm.
Field Forms Contains all forms needed by both students and instructors.
Field gathers traffic data.
Field grading is important.
Field greens Available in the bagged salad section, field greens offer convenience and variety.
Field growing is the way to go when seed and space is available.
Field growing provides a more extensive root system.
Field grown transplants are subject to a variety of insect-related problems.
Field guides Another potentially confusing area is choosing and using a field guide.
Field guides for guests with specialised interests.
Field guides that describe characteristics of a particular species or community.
Field harnesses the power of modern laptop computers.
Field has far too much composure for that.
Field has no corner on the embarrassment market here.
Field has no known radio interferences.
Field has osteoporosis .
Field has osteoporosis.
Field hunting in the morning is primarily snow geese with afternoons geared to hunting ducks.
Field includes one hardball diamond and one softball diamond.
Field indicates which column is used in the function.
Field insecticides lower populations.
Field is a broad classification into four subdiscipline areas.
Field is a planned unit development in one of the best locations in the Salt Lake Valley.
Field is a regulation size dirt infield.
Field is a retired bank examiner.
Field is a set closed under arithmetic operations.
Field is a triangle shape with base on the right field line and second base on the left field line.
Field is a unifying concept.
Field is a well located stopping point or base camp.
Field is above the school.
Field is across from school on the left.
Field is an n-dimensional array of numbers, records, or object handles.
Field is area of action for some force.
Field is around back.
Field is at back of complex, behind the baseball fields.
Field is at bottom of bridge.
Field is at end of the block.
Field is at the back hidden by the trees.
Field is at the end of the dirt road.
Field is at the end of the drive, just over the hill.
Field is at the end of the street on the right.
Field is at the end of the street.
Field is at the end.
Field is at the top of the hill.
Field is back a couple of blocks on the right.
Field is behind elementary school.
Field is behind high school.
Field is behind parking lot.
Field is behind school with snack bar and goal posts visible form school.
Field is behind school.
Field is behind the arena.
Field is behind the building.
Field is behind the high school past the middle school and tennis courts.
Field is behind the pool.
Field is behind the school.
Field is behind the store.
Field is behind the tennis courts.
Field is behind trees on left after mile.
Field is beside tennis courts.
Field is beyond football field.
Field is beyond tennis courts.
Field is beyond track behind the fieldhouse.
Field is by a big blue field house.
Field is by the big blue filed house.
Field is by the school.
Field is carmine, a wazir crawling with ease through a rainbow wheel of icicles and cloud.
Field is directly ahead.
Field is directly behind building.
Field is directly up the hill from the baseball field.
Field is down at the end.
Field is down the hill.
Field is fixed in the moviegoers' consciousness as a cutie, which is a problem.
Field is four octets.
Field is full of sculpted snow.
Field is full.
Field is greyed out when adding a new operator.
Field is greyed out.
Field is immediately on left.
Field is immediately on right.
Field is immediately on the left.
Field is in stadium on left.
Field is initially blank until a directory is selected or manually entered.
Field is just behind the school on the right.
Field is just past the fire station.
Field is just past the mail box.
Field is kaput.
Field is largely unused to date.
Field is limited.
Field is located at rear of parking lot.
Field is located at the rear of lot.
Field is located at the school.
Field is located behind left side of school buildings.
Field is located behind parking lot.
Field is located behind school building.
Field is located next to the North Gym.
Field is located on left.
Field is located on left-hand side of the road.
Field is located on the left across from the high school.
Field is located on the left-hand side of the road.
Field is mandatory for external course entry.
Field is mandatory.
Field is mid block on the right.
Field is next to Football Field.
Field is next to gym.
Field is next to lot.
Field is next to school.
Field is next to the gym.
Field is no different.
Field is north of parking lot.
Field is okay.
Field is on Hazel.
Field is on left .
Field is on left at back of parking lot.
Field is on left at bottom o hill.
Field is on left hand side across from the radio tower.
Field is on left side of road.
Field is on left side.
Field is on left, at back of parking lot.
Field is on left.
Field is on left-hand side of the street after high school.
Field is on right at bottom of hill.
Field is on right side after curve.
Field is on right.
Field is on the corner.
Field is on the east side of the park.
Field is on the far right.
Field is on the left about half way up hill.
Field is on the left before large green barn.
Field is on the left hand side.
Field is on the left side of road.
Field is on the left side of school.
Field is on the left.
Field is on the left-hand side after the high school.
Field is on the north side of the school, toward the back.
Field is on the right behind the school.
Field is on the right hand side.
Field is on the Right hand side.
Field is on the right.
Field is on top of hill at the corner.
Field is one block ahead on left.
Field is one block on the left.
Field is one block on the right.
Field is one of the premier soccer and lacrosse domains in the country.
Field is open.
Field is rated the fourth-toughest place to play in the nation.
Field is regarded as one of the more perceptive journalists covering the region.
Field is reliable, stable and extremely fast.
Field is repeatable.
Field is required.
Field is right-justified.
Field is somewhat packed, but really requires snowshoes.
Field is split across selected area.
Field is straight ahead.
Field is strongest very close to the wire.
Field is the background of the rug inside the borders.
Field is the concept that unites humans and their environment.
Field is the fullback.
Field is the lower field.
Field is the pseudonym of two English women.
Field is the second down the path, on the banks of the beautiful Charles River.
Field is the shortstop for the all-state team.
Field is third driveway on right.
Field is through trees to the left.
Field is to left.
Field is to the left.
Field is to the right of baseball field.
Field is to the right of the booth, past the parking structure and football field.
Field is to the right.
Field is up hill.
Field is up the hill from the parking lot.
Field is up the hill on the right.
Field is up the hill on the Right.
Field is used for semester-end file only.
Field is where the rubber meets the road.
Field is white with blue edging.
Field is wide open and unexplored.
Field isa tract.
Field lactate tests to control intensity.
Field learning is supervised by an agency-based field instructor.
Field Let thy child rest in hope and rise in glory.
Field lets staffers continue to work on current orders when they move out of range of the truck.
Field mapping for producers is now an exciting thing that is attainable.
Field means positive space and ground means negative space.
Field melt out one confusion both remain hayes modem driver.
Field melt out one confusion both remain user interface.
Field monitoring by applicator during treatment is essential to avoid exposure risk.
Field n is the number of samples.
Field notes from people grappling with arguably the hardest job in the world.
Field notes from three groups.
Field notes on a lizard, the mountain swift, with special reference to territorial behavior.
Field notes on a red rattlesnake in lower California.
Field notes on how businesses succeed on the Web.
Field notes on the bearded pig.
Field notes on the yellow-bellied flying phalanger.
Field notes pages once again accompany the description of the instrument's use.
Field notes Recent happenings in the Bee Hive state.
Field notes record observations and complete descriptions of pedons at specially selected sites.
Field observes that home care is doubtless the most desirable living situation for the elderly ill.
Field oriented projects focus on both the local environment and diverse sites around the world.
Field packing generally provides greater marketable yields because of reduced mechanical damage.
Field packing, however, requires very strict worker supervision.
Field phreaking does happen, and it does happen quite a lot.
Field picking is available.
Field produce and associate produce news stories and news segments.
Field profiles at various round-trip times.
Field projects Some of our research projects have a strong field component.
Field projects Visits to additional labs for an employee already in Europe.
Field proven design ensures easy maintenance.
Field proven, operates in various positions.
Field Provides information about, and dynamic access to, a field of a class or an interface.
Field provides the ideal playing surface for the camp.
Field refers to how experiences are processed.
Field refers to two or more closely related subjects.
Field regret down either journey how favor flannel plaid skirt.
Field rendering is also available for outputting to video.
Field reports, maps and a photo gallery for armchair explorers.
Field reports, maps and cross-sections required one week after completion of field work.
Field Represents a column of data.
Field researches, theory and methodology.
Field rewarming procedures for the comatose individual are time consuming.
Field rinse the bottle and fill with raw sample.
Field rinse the sampler with sample water before using.
Field runs into a twelve but confuse penn atp tennis ball.
Field runs into a twelve but confuse ucla bruins helmet.
Field runs into a twelve but confuse whisperlites.
Field sampling for specific projects is additional aspect of position.
Field sampling is completed and the findings are being assessed.
Field sandbur is a warm-season annual grass found throughout the United States.
Field scouting for punctures and for weevils in blooms is very important.
Field scouting has and continues to be difficult because of the wet conditions.
Field scouting is required to monitor pest populations.
Field screening for white mold is very difficult.
Field searches A field search is a search that looks for certain elements within a document.
Field searching and full-text searching are possible limitations.
Field searching and proximity are the keys to a more valuable search.
Field searching can be a very effective way to narrow a search.
Field searching can help to focus a search and get rid of irrelevant answers.
Field searching can vary from database to database as well.
Field searching is a bit weak.
Field searching is a common way to refine a search.
Field searching is also possible.
Field searching is available in both using the field name followed by a colon and the search term.
Field searching is available.
Field searching is possible, as well.
Field searching is used to limit the search to specific fields of the index record.
Field See column .
Field setting remains in the last used position otherwise.
Field sewing typically requires three or four laborers.
Field shapers a current-carrying conductors that are coupled to the forming coil.
Field shoot Future by range from lots valerian after study in any center.
Field shows atheromatous plaque in intima with no other layers of the arterial wall visible.
Field shows none until first contact.
Field sits up on hill to left of clubhouse.
Field soil hydraulic properties based on physical and mineralogical information.
Field sparrows prefer old fields and forest edges.
Field spend in a hospital for nine months and underwent several operations.
Field sprints usually decide every race.
Field stacking of manure at selected sites can be a best option when storage capacity is limited.
Field steals scenes by playing way, way against type.
Field stripping, cleaning, and maintenance are simple via supplied tools.
Field strips easily without special tools.
Field strips easily without tools.
Field strips with tools.
Field swear underneath whatever custom rifles.
Field take down.
Field taping of course s with over-enrollments.
Field test the resource guide with a sampling of teachers from throughout the state.
Field testing in a controlled environment tends to make verification less subjective.
Field testing so far indicates it works very well.
Field testing with actual structures is generally prohibitive due to cost and safety reasons.
Field thinks many employees lack confidence in their ability to manage their retirement plan assets.
Field Training Several military training programs are available to qualified cadets.
Field treating reduces the likelihood of volunteer potatoes the following spring.
Field Trips Available with advance notice.
Field trips both within and outside of the city are also organized.
Field trips complement classroom instruction in natural resources.
Field trips complement lectures and laboratory experiments.
Field trips Death Valley.
Field trips each spring for the students.
Field trips expose students to situations outside of the classroom environment.
Field trips monthly.
Field trips off-campus are provided for children ages four years and up.
Field trips optional.
Field trips part of all programs.
Field trips The best way to learn about architecture is to look at it.
Field trips to on-location demonstrations are also scheduled.
Field trips weekly.
Field upgrade with no downtime using circuit card swap.
Field use only.
Field verify all dimensions for threshold height and door width.
Field verify the dimensions, where applicable.
Field visits description and record of meetings held.
Field visits to and inspection of industrial installations.
Field walks and plant collections required.
Field wash Eighteen of madam near an pai gow so mend into either board.
Field watches their performance intently, interrupting only on mild technicalities.
Field weakening allows an electric machine to operate beyond the designed frequency of excitation.
Field welding is common.
Field Wish to join public relations staff of large organization.
Field work along the Jotun thrust in southern Norway.
Field work for that study begins in the next few weeks.
Field work in a community agency or other organization under the supervision of professionals.
Field work in a financial institution.
Field work in a policy-related educational organization is required.
Field work in a training room or similar setting.
Field work in a variety of institutional settings.
Field work to confirm reproduction in other packs is ongoing.
Field work to establish the normal behavioral context and use of geomagnetic information.
Field work typically incorporates elements of geology and biology as well as straight paleontology .
Field work with disabled persons required.
Field work with pollinating bees on sunflower, predatory mites on citrus.
Fields absorb energy.
Fields accomplishes nothing from hard work or perseverance.
Fields act as placeholders for columns.
Fields also continues to provide private patient care in orthodontics.
Fields also gives practical instruction about teamwork.
Fields alternate with woods.
Field's always in the gym.
Fields appear as boxes with the field name inside the box.
Fields appear as columns in the database table.
Fields apply principles.
Fields are a tad faster than jaggies.
Fields are a tenth of a mile down on the left side.
Fields are a tough issue right now in Seattle.
Fields are about half regulation size.
Fields are above the miniature golf course.
Fields are accessible by following macros, given the address of storage zone as an argument.
Fields are actually keys of a command structure.
Fields are addressable by speaking field titles.
Fields are also available for football.
Fields are always delimited on byte boundaries.
Fields are approximately half regulation size.
Fields are approximately mile on the left.
Fields are around the back.
Fields are assigned based on the date entry is received.
Fields are at a premium.
Fields are at dead end.
Fields are at far end of lot.
Fields are at the end of road on right.
Fields are at the end of the block.
Fields are at the end of the lot.
Fields are available by permit only.
Fields are available for captioning, dating or describing each graphic.
Fields are available for practice seven days a week unless scheduled for games.
Fields are available for rent if no other activity is scheduled.
Fields are available for rental for either casual games or practices.
Fields are available for softball, baseball and soccer practice.
Fields are available for storing passwords and user ids.
Fields are available for the user to enter keywords and comments.
Fields are available only on a prearranged basis.
Fields are available to enter AR information if desired.
Fields are bare, and roads are icy.
Fields are barren.
Fields are behind gym.
Fields are behind Oak Hill.
Fields are behind school.
Fields are behind the building.
Fields are behind the school on Arlington.
Fields are behind the school to the left.
Fields are behind the school.
Fields are behind the tennis courts.
Fields are behind.
Fields are between the two schools.
Fields are beyond the parking lot and to the left.
Fields are big places.
Fields are bright with daffodils.
Fields are brown, but the roadsides are turning green.
Fields are case sensitive.
Fields are categories of information.
Fields are chart associated.
Fields are close to the staging area enabling the players to come back and forth between games.
Fields are comma delimited.
Fields are commercial enterprises.
Fields are comparable to clouds or streams in granular synthesis systems.
Fields are components that make up records.
Fields are countrysides.
Fields are data elements which describe an article.
Fields are dominated by grass.
Fields are down a steep stepped hill in the rear.
Fields are down on the left.
Fields are down steps at the west end of the parking lot.
Fields are extremely variable with drought stress very evident in some fields.
Fields are fallow.
Fields are fast, action is intense.
Fields are fixed length areas within a record where the actual data is stored.
Fields are flexible but ability to teach in one of the above areas is required.
Fields are freshly plowed, and the orchards are in full bloom.
Fields are full of songs and dances.
Fields are full of stickers and prickly pear.
Fields are general matrix structures used represent complex data.
Fields are generally dry and filled with stones.
Fields are generally time dependent and propagate as waves with finite velocities.
Fields are gold.
Fields are good areas to look for a variety of wildlife.
Fields are highly configurable.
Fields are home to mice, miles, ground hogs and rabbits.
Fields are immediately on the left.
Fields are in back.
Fields are in excellent condition for fairness of play and safety.
Fields are in front of the school.
Fields are in full flower and are podding.
Fields are in high demand.
Fields are in square brackets so a field can be removed by deleting that text.
Fields are in the back.
Fields are in use during the week for tournament games.
Fields are indexeds.
Fields are infinite, in continuous motion, and always changing.
Fields are information.
Fields are insufficient.
Fields are just on the east side of the parking lot.
Fields are just past tennis courts.
Fields are language arts, mathematics, science or social studies.
Fields are like variables because they can be read or set directly.
Fields are located in countries.
Fields are located in countrysides.
Fields are located in meadows.
Fields are located in rural areas.
Fields are mandatory unless designated as optional.
Fields are mandatory unless otherwise indicated.
Fields are mile on the right.
Fields are more attractive to mourning doves if a pond with bare ground aroung the edges is nearby.
Fields are most typical on the clay-dominated soils.
Fields are mostly open.
Fields are multidimensional arrays representing grids with definable centering.
Fields are objects that can be programmed to respond to user-initiated events.
Fields are occupied by farms.
Fields are on earth.
Fields are on either side.
Fields are on left about mile.
Fields are on left after passing foot bridge.
Fields are on left side the road.
Fields are on left, just before stadium.
Fields are on left.
Fields are on Right.
Fields are on sight.
Fields are on southside of the park.
Fields are on the left after the tennis courts.
Fields are on the left and right of the road.
Fields are on the left hand side.
Fields are on the left.
Fields are on the other side of the lake.
Fields are on the other side of the railroad tracks.
Fields are on the right and very visible.
Fields are on the right at the end of the block.
Fields are on the right hand side of the street.
Fields are on the right side.
Fields are on the right, next to the parking lot.
Fields are on the right.
Fields are on the southside of the park.
Fields are on the southwest corner.
Fields are open and applications from minorities and women are especially encouraged.
Fields are open areas.
Fields are open only as shown below.
Fields are open only on days and times indicated.
Fields are open.
Fields are optional and given in any order and values are attribute values.
Fields are outdoor unless otherwise noted.
Fields are part of algebra.
Fields are physical phenomenons.
Fields are prepared and the first crop of corn is planted.
Fields are public administration and policy, health policy.
Fields are ready for spring planting.
Fields are regions of the form that are read as individual items.
Fields are regions.
Fields are relatively small, though one field has space for long narrative descriptions.
Fields are retangular areas in which text appears.
Fields are reverberations in the medium by the structural motion of particles.
Fields are rich with leafy taro plants.
Fields are right there on the left.
Fields are right there.
Fields are right-justified by default.
Fields are scouted for insects and diseases and prescribed sprays are made when needed.
Fields are sets.
Fields are similar to the columns in a spreadsheet.
Fields are small items of information such as the surname or the date of birth of a person.
Fields are smaller.
Fields are smallest, single pieces of information in a database.
Fields are soft.
Fields are sometimes worse, often having only a tiny selection at exaggerated prices.
Fields are somewhat reflective.
Fields are south of school.
Fields are south of the high school.
Fields are south of the school.
Fields are square or rectangular in shape because of the initial surveying conducted many years ago.
Fields are storage areas for particular kinds of data.
Fields are systems of interacting wave particles and can be considered as special forms of matter.
Fields are tab-delimited and sutiable for importing into popular database or spreadsheet programs.
Fields are tab-delimited.
Fields are the attributes or characteristics for each of the row entries.
Fields are the attributes that the various nodes have.
Fields are the basic units of information in a database.
Fields are the columns.
Fields are the data for the class.
Fields are the smallest unit of data addressable in Access.
Fields are the values for each attribute.
Fields are three blocks up on left.
Fields are to the back of the school.
Fields are too wet for planting.
Fields are too wet in most areas that had rain over the weekend.
Fields are tracts.
Fields are uniform with good colour.
Fields are up the hill from the parking area.
Fields are up to good stands.
Fields are used for ploughing.
Fields are used for walking.
Fields are usually dry, and lime dealers are less rushed.
Fields are variable depending somewhat on drainage, soil type and fall cutting date.
Fields are variable in nutrients and pests.
Fields are very even and healthy in color.
Fields are very large.
Fields are very wet.
Fields are visible from the road.
Fields are voluntary groupings of faculty members and scientists with similar areas of interest.
Fields are well groomed and maintained each day.
Fields are west of the football stadium and south of the baseball diamond.
Fields are wet and weedy, but producers reported very few other problems.
Fields are whitespace delimited.
Fields are widget classes that can take on any value from their assigned domain.
Fields are without boundaries.
Fields bristles at the suggestion.
Fields build up a record .
Fields buys worthless oil stock.
Fields calls it a good investment.
Fields calls it a smear campaign.
Fields can appear in any order.
Fields can be big or small.
Fields can be constant, auto incremented, date and time stamp, prompt at print time, or imported.
Fields can be direct-seeded as soon as the soil can be prepared.
Fields can be double-quoted if they are empty or contain whitespace.
Fields can be flood-irrigated during fallow periods to carry salts away from the root zone.
Fields can be in any order.
Fields can be of any data type and can come from multiple files.
Fields can be of different types.
Fields can be straight data-entry, lookup, calculated, or scrolled.
Fields can consist of one word, or many lines of text.
Fields can contain a number, an alphanumeric string, a date, a picture, or an entire 'blob' of text.
Fields can contain more than one address.
Fields can contain numeric or character data.
Fields can contain various kind of data and one or many values.
Fields can drain five to seven inches of rainfall per hour.
Fields can either be scalar or list types.
Fields can extend for multiple lines, with no limit.
Fields can have a name, a case insensitive string.
Fields can include title, author, journal, publication date, index terms, abstracts, and text.
Fields can merge, short circuit, and cause nearby charged matter to be accelerated.
Fields can naturally salt up over time.
Fields can optionally ask for confirmation of entries.
Fields can represent the results from simulations or experimental observations.
Fields can use color as well as styled text.
Fields cautions that when eating at a Chinese restaurant, be careful about fat content.
Fields change and it's difficult to keep up.
Fields change both in time and space.
Fields change colors during the growing season.
Fields change rapidly and professional rewards go to the diligent and well informed.
Fields combine in a network .
Fields come and go.
Fields commonly searched by keyword are title, notes, and subject.
Fields concedes that the doctrine of necessaries is alive and well in Wisconsin.
Fields connected with high-tech industries are preferred.
Fields considers it heretical to argue for higher Hawaii-mainland fares.
Fields consist of fields.
Fields consist of longitudinal fields.
Fields consist of trees.
Fields consults with builders to optimize the rooms and television locations during construction.
Fields contain abundant seeds.
Fields contain dynamic links to information.
Fields contain energy.
Fields contain grain seeds.
Fields contain grain.
Fields contain information.
Fields contain plants.
Fields contain seeds.
Fields contain wheat.
Fields continue to be monitored for potato leafhopper.
Fields corresponding to different lines commute with each other.
Fields cover administrative, electoral and census units.
Fields cover organic and inorganic materials.
Fields covered include agriculture, architecture, science engineering and technology.
Fields covered include agriculture, architecture, science, engineering and technology.
Fields covered include all aspects of health and medicine.
Fields covered include anthropology, ecology, economics, mathematics, and philosophy.
Fields covered include biology, physiology, pharmacology, psychology, and psychiatry.
Fields covered include computer science, mathematics, physics, geology, engineering, and chemistry.
Fields covered include the behavioral, educational, and social sciences.
Fields cracks up.
Fields create heat.
Fields created by toroidal coils fall off inversely as the cube of the distance.
Fields currently compete in field and water tests, and tracking.
Fields currently compete in field and water tests.
Fields defining behaviour specific to an event type, belong in the select.stations file.
Fields describe node attributes.
Fields describe one aspect of the publication.
Fields differ in their fertilizer needs.
Fields displays all of the fields that are defined in the directory service database.
Fields dominated by big huckleberry are seral.
Fields dominated by thinleaf huckleberry are seral.
Fields drive growth.
Fields drive job growth.
Fields exist for everything from invitations to presents.
Fields exist for the date, person's name, category and notes.
Fields exist for the date, technician's name, and notes.
Fields exist in regions.
Fields experiencing growth are gerontology, addiction, and developmental disabilities.
Fields feels that the situation stemmed from a lack of communication from everyone involved.
Fields fertilized with used newsprint bedding also show no ill effects.
Fields focus on issues.
Fields following a crop of corn, in particular no-tillage fields, are especially at risk.
Fields following other crops or fallow generally are lower.
Fields gladly cuts the stamp out of the sheet.
Fields has experience with lean production budgets.
Fields has extensive background experience in public administration and policy development.
Fields have amounts.
Fields have an important order in the record.
Fields have applications.
Fields have automatic search making entry easy and fast.
Fields have constant values.
Fields have crops.
Fields have different crops.
Fields have energy.
Fields have grass.
Fields have intensity.
Fields have many different crops.
Fields have names and take values of specific types.
Fields have one implied decimal place.
Fields have origins.
Fields have size.
Fields have to be seperated by a comma.
Fields have values.
Fields have weeds.
Fields houses a large quantity of equipment.
Fields improvises very well, sometimes displaying classical and flamenco influences.
Fields include radiation.
Fields include thermal radiation.
Fields indicates the type of search.
Fields intersperse houses, hedges strike up gentle slopes.
Fields lay fallow and uncultivated.
Fields lie fallow because of it.
Fields lie fallow.
Fields listed in bold are limit fields.
Fields look good with good stands.
Fields look good.
Fields look very good with good stands.
Fields look very good.
Fields maintains control through intimidation.
Fields make records.
Fields make up a record.
Fields marked are required fields.
Fields marked by are mandatory.
Fields nearby are still frozen, although most areas in full sun are free of snow.
Fields now appear for check number, date, and amount when entering the invoice.
Fields offer care.
Fields open wide, once the farmers have gone.
Fields override the default values of the properties of a node.
Fields plays ice hockey almost every day at the beach, or skateboards at the State Park.
Fields produce discharge.
Fields produce effects.
Fields produce electromagnetic discharge.
Fields produce measurable effects.
Fields produce seeds.
Fields produce torque.
Fields provide a lure for animals, but so do the fruit trees that they feed on in the forest.
Fields provide benefits.
Fields provide education.
Fields provide food and shelter for migrating warblers, thrushes, sparrows and larks in autumn.
Fields provide habitats.
Fields provide large quantities of insects that make up the bulk of a young turkey s diet.
Fields provide resources.
Fields provide suitable habitats.
Fields provide sustainable resources.
Fields provide wildlife habitats.
Fields quote on wealth, A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
Fields receive results.
Fields relating to diagnostic, developmental and forensic issues are also in the focus of interest.
Fields remain saturated.
Fields represented include teaching, family services, and domestic violence.
Fields require knowledge.
Fields require manipulation.
Fields root and string to hold the suffix tree data.
Fields run together without any separators.
Fields seen by particles near virtual boundaries are slightly improper.
Fields shown in bold are compulsory.
Fields shown in bold require a response.
Fields shown in purple are mandatory.
Fields shown in red on the form are required fields.
Fields sit back from the road but are visible from the road.
Fields slow the velocity of light and the equilibration of fields.
Fields span over several lines and are seperated by two ampersands.
Fields specifies the attributes which make up a row in the table, in the order in which they appear.
Fields stretch into the hillsides, creating patterns on the horizon.
Fields stretch out to the horizon and over hilltops.
Fields support calculated expressions, validation formulas, and field formatting.
Fields support perennial vegetation.
Fields support vegetation.
Fields support wildflowers.
Fields surround much of the site on the east and south.
Fields surround timber.
Fields take places.
Fields take the place of clearances.
Fields then comes over to talk for a brief moment.
Fields undergo analogous transitions.
Fields undergo phase transitions.
Fields undergo transitions.
Fields vary across databases.
Fields vary by database.
Fields vary in complexity and add more obstacles as the levels increase.
Fields work together to make records.
Fields works the medium well.
Fields often vary in slope, color, drainage, or texture.
All field based exercises are due in class the following week at the beginning of hour.
All field sampling is complete.
All field sampling is now complete.
All field show rehearsals take place at the practice field just south of the high school.
All field trips Admittances to most of the sites visited.
All field trips optional.
All field work other than haying is done until harvest.
All fields accept both text and numbers.
All fields apply numerus clausus , in which entrance examinations are a key element.
All fields are a fixed length.
All fields are alpha-numeric unless remarks state otherwise.
All fields are always combined with and .
All fields are are strictly voluntary.
All fields are available for rent if no other activity is scheduled.
All fields are available for reservation and play unless posted as 'closed'.
All fields are available for searches and reporting.
All fields are broadly similar, and any two fields are also different.
All fields are case insensitive.
All fields are case sensitive.
All fields are case-INsensitive.
All fields are case-sensitive.
All fields are completely optional.
All fields are completly useable.
All fields are compulsary .
All fields are compulsary.
All fields are compulsory . . . . . . . . . . .
All fields are compulsory fields.
All fields are compulsory unless otherwise stated.
All fields are compulsory.
All fields are configurable.
All fields are editable.
All fields are formated.
All fields are free text.
All fields are full-text search.
All fields are grass, and all are at the same location.
All fields are grass.
All fields are in excellent condition, with well-tended grass playing surfaces.
All fields are in upper-case alphanumeric format, left justified with trailing spaces.
All fields are insensitive to case.
All fields are integers except as noted.
All fields are integers.
All fields are into the page.
All fields are lower case .
All fields are lower case and optional .
All fields are lower case and optional.
All fields are mandatory .
All fields are mandatory and require to be filled up.
All fields are mandatory except E-mail.
All fields are mandatory except the 'Telephone' number.
All fields are mandatory except where noted.
All fields are mandatory to be eligible to enter the contest.
All fields are mandatory to establish an account.
All fields are mandatory unless marked otherwise.
All fields are mandatory.
ALL fields are mandatory.
All fields are 'mandatory'.
All fields are necessary for registration, unless otherwise specified.
All fields are necessary for setting up a connection.
All fields are necessary to be filled in.
All fields are necessary to complete the request.
All fields are necessary.
All fields are neutral.
All fields are obligatory.
All fields are on one line, TAB-delimited, for convenient use by other programs.
All fields are one logical byte in length.
All fields are optional , but the more information the better.
All fields are optional .
All fields are optional and information is kept confidential.
All fields are optional and match the closest options available.
All fields are optional and require only a partial entry.
All fields are optional and submissions can be anonymous, if desired.
All fields are optional and unused parameter names can be left blank or omitted .
All fields are optional and unused parameter names can be left blank or omitted.
All fields are optional but people often make mistakes in typing online.
All fields are optional but please fill in as many as possible.
All fields are optional but please fill out as completely as possible.
All fields are optional except email address and name.
All fields are optional except email address.
All fields are optional except e-mail.
All fields are optional except for the longitude and latitude.
All fields are optional except for username and password.
All fields are optional except name and department.
All fields are optional except name and email address.
All fields are optional except phone number.
All fields are optional except the comment field.
All fields are optional except the E-mail field.
All fields are optional except the location of the company 's headquarters .
All fields are optional except the location of the company's headquarters.
All fields are optional except the two marked required .
All fields are optional except where specified.
All fields are optional, and there's plenty of room for free-form comments at the bottom.
All fields are optional, but please include a name and e-mail address at a minimum.
All fields are optional, but the more information the better.
All fields are optional, except the comment box.
All fields are optional, except ZIP code which is used for demographic purposes only.
All fields are optional, of course.
All fields are optional, with the exception of the task description field.
All fields are optional.
All Fields Are Optional.
All fields are positional.
All fields are public static and final.
All fields are require unless otherwise noted.
All fields are required, all information is kept private.
All fields are searchable with or without indexing.
All fields are searchable, for example case name, docket number, judge, date, subject, etc.
All fields are searchable.
All fields are then modifiable.
All fields are unlimited length.
All fields are unnamed.
All fields are unsigned.
All fields are variable length.
All fields are voluntary and any information provided is kept strictly confidential.
All fields are voluntary.
All fields are within the City of Ottawa.
All fields are, of course, optional.
All fields below are helpful but optional.
All fields below are mandatory for submission.
All fields below are optional.
All fields below are required, please fill in every section.
All fields can have multiple entries.
All Fields Click on a blue triangle to expand or collapse a particular field.
All fields contain character limitations.
All fields contain numerous bunkers and forts.
All fields continue to grow and specialties continue narrowing their foci.
All fields default to null.
All fields described in the format version tables are in network byte order.
All fields go through periods of stagnation.
All fields have a constant width.
All fields have at least one character.
All fields have bleachers for fans.
All fields have bleachers, scoreboards and dugouts.
All fields have board fencing.
All fields have constant width.
All fields have default values.
All fields have limitations on the amount of information that can be entered.
All fields have on-line controlled terminology.
All fields have the same field names.
All fields have the same name, and the results are saved as separate entries in the feedback table.
All fields have to be filled out.
All fields have to be filled.
All fields HAVE to be there.
All fields have underground sprinkler systems.
All fields have water and bigger shelter belts close by for winter protection.
All fields here are optional.
All fields hold strings.
All fields marked are mandatory.
All fields marked are required fields.
All fields marked by an asterisk are mandatory.
All fields marked in bold are mandatory .
All fields marked in bold are mandatory.
All fields mentioned above are tinytext.
All fields present consistent usage for the end-user.
All fields provide methods for storing, retrieving, and validating their value.
All fields recover quickly from wet weather.
All fields relate to the applicant's prior tertiary education.
All fields require a full e-mail address.
All fields require a response except the Comments field.
All fields require an entry to process.
All fields require an entry.
All fields require data.
All fields require information for a successful submission.
All fields require input.
All fields required to be completed are in blue.
All fields required to be completed are in brown.
All fields required to be completed are in pink.
All fields required to be completed are in red.
All fields share an interest in the character of the American regime.
All fields show good stands.
All fields support multiple fonts and font sizes.
All fields support unique fonts and font sizes.
All fields take signed numbers, with optional decimals.
All fields use a controlled vocabulary to eliminate typographic errors and maintain consistency.
All fields used are to be in the main widow.
All fields used in the program are on the college campus.
Any field can be an argument.
Any field can have an alias name defined using the alias data type.
Any field can stretch over many screen pages.
Any field containing a non-blank value is used in the search.
Any field demands professionalism, and the teaching field in particular is no exception.
Any field guide to bird identification.
Any field is a representative or a small model of the prototype, world.
Any field is the default.
Any Field searches all fields, including author and title, that articles have records for.
Every field also has a data type .
Every field has a field name to identify the data in the field.
Every field has a name .
Every field has an algebraic closure.
Every field has industry-specific publications.
Every field has practitioners who are more or less capable than others in that field.
Every field has some dry kernels, which are subject to damage from rehydration.
Every field is a little different, and there is almost always more than one factor involved.
Every field is also a ring.
Every field is assigned a value according to the field type.
Every field is different.
Every field is full.
Every field is indexed, and the indexes can be viewed.
Every field is now highly specialized.
Every field is optional.
Every field is put on a separate line.
Every field is represented.
Every field is required.
Every field is unique.
Every field is, in a sense, a language.
Every field looks for a model of the perfect manager.
Every field needs at least one cross-cultural church planter who has the mindset of a strategist.
Every field needs persons who communicate effectively and write clearly and persuasively.
Every field receives multiple applications of insecticides throughout the season for thrips control.
Every field requires specific skills.
Every field requires submission of a research paper at the end of summer.
Every field seem to be bursting with riders and energy.
Many fields are available for instant search or lookup of records.
Many fields are available for people with science degrees at any level.
Many fields are bordered by creeks, rivers, and lakes, thus irregular boundaries occur frequently.
Many fields are light, owing to the slack manner of putting in.
Many fields are optional but the safety information is mandatory.
Many fields are optional, even with the detailed level cataloguing.
Many fields are optional, so just follow the instructions.
Many fields are total quarter sections.
Many fields are user definable.
Many fields are very variable because of damage from excess moisture.
Many fields are yet to flower.
Many fields can appear in it, like in a true little text editor.
Many fields contain noticeable, and sometimes dramatic, leaf defoliation from the beetles.
Many fields default their values from other forms in the system.
Many fields have a frequency control system.
Many fields have a strip of wild oat around the edge and none in the center.
Many fields have areas where corn plants are short, delayed in maturity, and chlorotic.
Many fields have ear tip damage from corn earworms and fall armyworms .
Many fields have even higher losses.
Many fields have informal workshops that are ideal for presenting work in progress.
Many fields have radio control clubs.
Many fields have tall grass that makes for perfect crawling.
Many fields lack uniform stands.
Many fields look rough when viewed at a distance because of the cold injury to leaf tips.
Many fields never develop a rootworm problem.
Many fields qualify including business, medicine and law.
Many fields report significant growth.
Many fields require a significant number or science courses that the students fear.
Many fields require goggles be worn at all times unless in designated areas.
Many fields show drought stress with firing, dinky ears or poor pollination.
Many fields use patterns under various names.
More field checking still has to be done.
More fields are available to keep track of more information for each recipe.
Most field based seminars require the instructor's consent to enroll.
Most field related electronic equipment problems become equipment warranty matters.
Most fields absorb energy.
Most fields allow multiple selections .
Most fields appear clean of major weed problems, and have been cultivated.
Most fields apply principles.
Most fields are about four to six inches.
Most fields are at the end of the flowering period.
Most fields are dominated by grass.
Most fields are in good condition.
Most fields are multiple harvested.
Most fields are now at the flag leaf stage.
Most fields are now sortable.
Most fields are occupied by farms.
Most fields are optional and can be left blank.
Most fields are optional.
Most fields are outdoors, with the vegetation and terrain as varied as the natural countryside.
Most fields are past full flower and tubers are forming nicely.
Most fields are searchable depending on the database.
Most fields are searchable.
Most fields are self-explanatory.
Most fields are unit fields , but all equations are done internally in english units.
Most fields below are optional.
Most fields boast many such professional witnesses from which to choose.
Most fields boast tidy rows of plants covered in fragrant purple flowers.
Most fields can produce three and sometimes four cuttings of hay.
Most fields charge a flat rate for a full day of playing.
Most fields consist of fields.
Most fields consist of longitudinal fields.
Most fields consist of trees.
Most fields contain abundant seeds.
Most fields contain energy.
Most fields contain grain seeds.
Most fields contain grain.
Most fields contain information.
Most fields contain plants.
Most fields contain seeds.
Most fields contain very good stands.
Most fields contain wheat.
Most fields create heat.
Most fields default to Any if no other selection is made.
Most fields describe the pertinent statistical concepts, practices, or concerns.
Most fields do have a few spider mites around.
Most fields drive growth.
Most fields drive job growth.
Most fields employ people educated in philosophy.
Most fields exist in regions.
Most fields fluctuate over time but the overall trend is relatively consistent.
Most fields focus on issues.
Most fields have access to plenty of data on research expectations.
Most fields have amounts.
Most fields have applications.
Most fields have areas of water damage.
Most fields have constant values.
Most fields have crops.
Most fields have different crops.
Most fields have energy.
Most fields have excellent stands.
Most fields have grass.
Most fields have intensity.
Most fields have many different crops.
Most fields have origins.
Most fields have size.
Most fields have their own discourse conventions and habits, both in writing and speaking.
Most fields have values.
Most fields have very low seed densities.
Most fields have weeds.
Most fields look good with the sugar and acid in balance.
Most fields now look green again.
Most fields offer care.
Most fields offer some middle ground, but it often takes effort to find it.
Most fields produce discharge.
Most fields produce effects.
Most fields produce electromagnetic discharge.
Most fields produce measurable effects.
Most fields produce seeds.
Most fields produce torque.
Most fields produce two crops a year.
Most fields provide benefits.
Most fields provide education.
Most fields provide habitats.
Most fields provide resources.
Most fields provide suitable habitats.
Most fields provide sustainable resources.
Most fields provide wildlife habitats.
Most fields receive results.
Most fields remain too wet to work.
Most fields require a postplant preemergence application and one layby treatment.
Most fields require knowledge.
Most fields require manipulation.
Most fields require the entry of values that fill all character spaces allotted to that field.
Most fields require two minor subjects for doctoral programs, but a few require only one.
Most fields show good stands.
Most fields shown include an option to to select that field to be sorted.
Most fields support perennial vegetation.
Most fields support wildflowers.
Most fields surround timber.
Most fields take places.
Most fields undergo analogous transitions.
Most fields undergo phase transitions.
Most fields undergo transitions.
Most fields using product tokens also allow sub-products, separated by whitespace.
Most fields work the same way.
Some field checking was conducted by operations staff, however, no accuracy figure is known.
Some field drying is good, in that it lowers drying costs.
Some field drying is necessary before either ensiling or making hay from soybeans.
Some field hints from an old top hand .
Some field hints from an old top hand.
Some field training on weekend days is required.
Some field training on weekends is required.
Some fields accept only a specified number of characters.
Some fields affect flight paths.
Some fields affect paths.
Some fields affect solar wind.
Some fields affect wind.
Some fields allow more than one selection.
Some fields allow the entry of free form text.
Some fields allow the use of blank lines as formatters, for example to seperate sections of text.
Some fields also appoint a member to the committee to represent the field.
Some fields apply methods.
Some fields apply scientific methods.
Some fields are able to be updated while others are only there for information purposes.
Some fields are check-off boxes.
Some fields are created by current.
Some fields are created by electrical current.
Some fields are created by high electrical current.
Some fields are dominated by worts.
Some fields are for demographic purposes only.
Some fields are gray while others are white.
Some fields are green, but the birches on the hillside are still black.
Some fields are in high demand.
Some fields are large, and have all the colours represented, smaller ones have only a few.
Some fields are lower priority than others.
Some fields are mandatory and are indicated.
Some fields are more competitive than others.
Some fields are more resistant to direct attack.
Some fields are multivalue.
Some fields are optional.
Some fields are over seeded with osceola or bigbee clover for early spring grazing.
Some fields are relevant only to specific record types as described below.
Some fields are 'required' and are designated with a 'RED' asterisk.
Some fields are still a week or more away from tasseling however.
Some fields are still sub-threshold.
Some fields are still too short.
Some fields are structured , that is, they contain other fields.
Some fields are summer season or fall season use only.
Some fields are too wet after downpours.
Some fields are too wet to prepare for planting.
Some fields attract bees.
Some fields attract doves.
Some fields attract shorebirds.
Some fields become deserts.
Some fields become forces.
Some fields become meadows.
Some fields can be of variable length.
Some fields can be qualified with superlabels ti, su, or au, where appropriate.
Some fields can be very organised, some can be a little chaotic.
Some fields can have energy.
Some fields can span two, three or more columns.
Some fields can take more hunting pressure than others.
Some fields cause damage.
Some fields cause infertility.
Some fields cause surface damage.
Some fields charge hourly, some charge per project.
Some fields come into existence.
Some fields command higher salaries, such as business and sciences vs. humanities and English.
Some fields consist of soybeans.
Some fields contain an array of their group of subfields.
Some fields contain cotton.
Some fields contain ferns.
Some fields contain restrictions.
Some fields contain text, such as names.
Some fields continue to be sheeped off.
Some fields control resistance.
Some fields cover areas.
Some fields cover square yards.
Some fields cover surface areas.
Some fields cover yards.
Some fields create conditions.
Some fields create current.
Some fields create electrical current.
Some fields create forces.
Some fields create magnetic forces.
Some fields create microwaves.
Some fields create voltage.
Some fields deal with aspects.
Some fields determine patterns.
Some fields determine weather patterns.
Some fields do require specific degrees and there is nothing that hiring managers can do about it.
Some fields even rent it out to players.
Some fields exert forces.
Some fields exert transverse forces.
Some fields exist in countries.
Some fields exist in interiors.
Some fields exist in other countries.
Some fields feature drop-down menus.
Some fields focus on energy.
Some fields generate current.
Some fields get their values based on the file name and location each time the file is opened.
Some fields grow citrus nursery trees.
Some fields grow soybeans.
Some fields grow trees.
Some fields have a down-arrow.
Some fields have a select box.
Some fields have a separate deadline for admission without financial support.
Some fields have a sequence of asterisks in place of a number.
Some fields have a significant amount of blossom drop.
Some fields have abundances.
Some fields have adults.
Some fields have aphids throughout the field and are at treatment levels.
Some fields have bases.
Some fields have biologists.
Some fields have branches.
Some fields have characters.
Some fields have conductance.
Some fields have distribution.
Some fields have effects.
Some fields have emergence patterns.
Some fields have example list on the next row.
Some fields have factors.
Some fields have few problems while areas in others have already been stripped.
Some fields have good numbers of aphids already.
Some fields have hall conductance.
Some fields have high income potential.
Some fields have high potential.
Some fields have huge high weed fields where visibility is limited.
Some fields have income potential.
Some fields have levels.
Some fields have magnetic poles.
Some fields have maximum lengths.
Some fields have minimum ages.
Some fields have modes.
Some fields have no pods set at all and have reached the end of a blooming period.
Some fields have patterns.
Some fields have poles.
Some fields have potential.
Some fields have pre-application requirements, and deadlines vary.
Some fields have room for more than one line of text.
Some fields have roots.
Some fields have selection buttons for common responses.
Some fields have similar patterns.
Some fields have soybeans ranging from three trifoliates to still emerging.
Some fields have space for a single line of characters.
Some fields have strength.
Some fields increase energy.
Some fields increase kinetic energy.
Some fields look better than others.
Some fields maintain productivity.
Some fields now use an auto-complete feature.
Some fields offer both a major and a minor.
Some fields offer special emphases or tracks within the major.
Some fields offer types.
Some fields overlap each other.
Some fields possess birds.
Some fields possess caterpillars.
Some fields possess hawks.
Some fields possess horses.
Some fields possess rabbits.
Some fields possess turkeys.
Some fields produce current.
Some fields produce electric current.
Some fields produce forces.
Some fields produce oil.
Some fields produce tide.
Some fields provide a list of values to point and click on, others require the user to enter text.
Some fields provide analyses.
Some fields provide forces.
Some fields provide information.
Some fields provide links to searches for related items.
Some fields provide lists of selectable options.
Some fields provide pressure.
Some fields provide sources.
Some fields provide useful information.
Some fields receive applications.
Some fields require a pre-application.
Some fields require a preapplication.
Some fields require a writing sample.
Some fields require applications.
Some fields require cross-field validation.
Some fields require early planting, while others are planted only late spring.
Some fields require electricians.
Some fields require entry of data.
Some fields require insecticide applications.
Some fields require membership.
Some fields require proficiency in one or two languages.
Some fields require rotation.
Some fields require the parents to sign a permission slip for players under a certain age.
Some fields resemble inland beaches, with sand dunes adjacent to fence lines and rows of trees.
Some fields result from erosion.
Some fields result from water erosion.
Some fields seek food.
Some fields seem to have surprisingly uniform stands.
Some fields show radiation.
Some fields show reduced yields from weather related problems.
Some fields show wind-burned leaves.
Some fields simply contain the most usual entry in lower case with no upper case data instruction.
Some fields specify some attribute of the enclosed file.
Some fields surround clouds.
Some fields surround straight wire.
Some fields surround wire.
Some fields undergo magnetic reversals.
Some fields undergo polarity reversals.
Some fields undergo reversals.
Some fields use products.
Some fields welcome new technology with open arms, while others are more conservative in nature.
Field.the rest is history.
Fieldbased experiences are an integral part of the course.
Fielded searches can contain full Boolean expressions.
A fielder is a ballplayer
Fielder notes that Airedales do best when training is fun, interesting, and treat-orientated.
Fielder takes down a coconut.
Fielder throws back to pitcher who begins series again.
Fielders are alert and on their toes when playing behind a fastworking pitcher.
Fielders are also responsible for any important material omitted by a group member.
Fielders are ballplayers.
Fielders are cricketers.
Fielders can jump, dive, and hit the cut-off man or throw through.
Fielders move briskly in response to pad input.
Fielders practice fielding hit balls and return to pitcher.
Fielders rotate one position clockwise and next batter hits.
Fielders run about the field with astounding awkwardness.
Fielders throw back flatter, especially when close to person they are throwing to.
Fielders throw the ball back at the stumps at the speed of a bullet.
A fieldfare is a thrush
Fieldfares are sociable birds, flying in large flocks and roosting in communes.
Fieldfares breed in Scandinavia and the former Soviet Union including the Baltic States.
Fieldings are handling.
A fieldstone is a stone
Fieldstone can help.
Fieldstone is a fun and exciting work in progress.
Fieldstone is a traditional looking course with some old world style bunkering.
Fieldstone is also under new management and is looking better than ever.
Fieldstone observes ten holidays per calendar year.
Fieldstone offers a competitive benefits package.
Fieldstones are rocks.
Fieldstones mark some graves, but most are unmarked.
Fieldstones mark some graves.
All fieldstone used in the winery is from the original foundations.
Many fieldstones are still visible.
A fieldwork is fortification
Fieldwork adds perspective for understanding and interpreting information presented in class.
Fieldwork allows exploration of areas with little pre-existing data or theory.
Fieldwork can arouse student interest and can make geography more relevant.
Fieldwork can be physically and mentally strenuous.
Fieldwork can be very isolating, especially when dealing with grief and bereavement.
Fieldwork can involve rough or uncomforable conditions.
Fieldwork can take geoscientists to remote locations all over the world.
Fieldwork can, in some instances include diving.
Fieldwork consists of three hours a week of practicum under close supervision.
Fieldwork continues in Madagascar.
Fieldwork continues to focus on species reproductive and seedling ecology.
Fieldwork forms an essential part of the programme.
Fieldwork forms an important part of the course.
Fieldwork helps arouse the curiosity and makes the study of geography more enjoyable and relevant.
Fieldwork includes land use mapping and field sketching.
Fieldwork includes primarily boater education with occasional research project fieldwork.
Fieldwork includes saturation in all aspects of New York musical theatre.
Fieldwork includes visiting constructed fresh and saltwater restoration sites.
Fieldwork is a fun and immediate way to tap into ethnic and racial attitudes.
Fieldwork is a general term that refers to any data gathering process.
Fieldwork is a regular part of an archaeologist's job.
Fieldwork is a significant component of the program.
Fieldwork is a slow and sometimes painful process.
Fieldwork is already behind in several parts of Texas.
Fieldwork is also rooted in specific places.
Fieldwork is an especially important component of the department's course of study.
Fieldwork is an essential component for success in all areas of study.
Fieldwork is an essential component of the job.
Fieldwork is an essential component of the teaching program at all levels of study.
Fieldwork is an essential part of the course.
Fieldwork is an important element of the course.
Fieldwork is an important element of the programme.
Fieldwork is an important part of the course.
Fieldwork is an important part of the degree.
Fieldwork is an integral component of the program.
Fieldwork is an integral part of all geology programs, and also in most geology career paths.
Fieldwork is an integral part of anthropology at the graduate level.
Fieldwork is an integral part of most programs.
Fieldwork is an integral part of the major.
Fieldwork is an integral part of the program and is provided at the completion of the coursework.
Fieldwork is balanced with academic research.
Fieldwork is combined with lectures and discussion sessions in the classroom.
Fieldwork is complete and compilation of the data is underway.
Fieldwork is complete and data analysis and writing are underway.
Fieldwork is currently in Belize, but has also worked in Highland Guatemala.
Fieldwork is currently underway to obtain precise coordinates and elevations of selected features.
Fieldwork is divided between the London area and abroad.
Fieldwork is encouraged for students through our field experience course.
Fieldwork is full of anthropologists making mistakes.
Fieldwork is mandatory.
Fieldwork is now a compulsory element of some exams.
Fieldwork is optional.
Fieldwork is the hands-on part of the program.
Fieldwork is tough.
Fieldwork is under the joint supervision of agency personnel and the course instructor.
Fieldwork is under the supervision of agency personnel and the faculty supervisor.
Fieldwork is undertaken continuously throughout the year.
Fieldwork is undertaken regularly.
Fieldwork is usually a challenge and can be dangerous.
Fieldwork is where our experience and attention to details show results.
Fieldwork occurs in all weather conditions and in sometimes challenging terrain.
Fieldwork plays an extremely important part of the course in all years.
Fieldwork provides practical experience in health care management or health policy development.
Fieldwork requires that students be available full-time during the day for a period of four months.
Fieldwork requires three full mornings each week.
Fieldwork requires working irregular hours in all kinds of weather.
Fieldwork takes about an hour per dog.
Fieldwork takes up a big chunk of the training.
Fieldwork teaches use of taxonomic keys to identify plants.
Fieldwork therefore aids students in developing a comprehensive understanding of the subject matter.
Fieldworks are fortification.
Fieldwork always presents other challenges.
All fieldwork is completed and data is being evaluated for publication.
All fieldwork is conducted with the use of radios utilizing our own channel and radio base.
Some fieldwork is possible depending on the individual's experience and interest.
A fiend is a person
Fiends attempt to hook kids on drugs by distributing lick and stick tatoos.
All fiends be furious when thou thus dost, and try for to defeat it in all that they can.
Fiendish plots are on the horizon.
Fierce arguments erupt over which U.S. college football team is the best in the nation.
Some fierce battles take places.
Fierce bears agree together.
Fierce combat is reported on the hills surrounding the capital.
Fierce competition breeds internal loyalty.
Fierce competition characterizes their operating environment.
Fierce competition combined with what is sure to be a scorching heat can lead to short tempers.
Fierce competition continues to drive prices down as more licences are awarded and markets mature.
Fierce competition demands writing mechanics expertise.
Fierce competition exists among the hundreds of ICPs that have been established in the country.
Fierce competition is a big driver, as well.
Fierce competition leaves each company alone in the game of talent.
Fierce competition makes for perilously short market windows of opportunity.
Fierce debates are in the air.
Fierce fights break out among breeding males.
Fierce fights break out among rival males, which often result in death.
Fierce fighting breaks out in Mogadishu.
Fierce fighting is reported between Serb troops and local Albanian resistance forces.
Fierce fighting is reported to be continuing in the capital of the breakaway republic.
Fierce heat creates a shimmering mirage on the blacktop, but it's the only sign of water there is.
Fierce lime is the flavor.
Fierce morals stitch.
Fierce passion is ignited when hot babes with urges for pussy get together.
Fierce predators take large prey.
Fierce predators take prey.
Most fierce predators take large prey.
Most fierce predators take prey.
Some fierce predators kill elk.
Some fierce predators kill large sauropods.
Some fierce predators kill sauropods.
Fierce rajahs armed with wicked, curving scimitars glare down from their niches in the lobby.
Fierce realism goes a long way in achieving success.
Fierce scratching pervades the track, as well as many others on the disc.
Fierce storms are capable of great damage.
Some fierce warriors occupy countries.
Fierce wind blows so much snow into the air that it creates a thick wall of white.
Fierce winds blow while snow and ice cover the ground.
Fiery breath appears in the player's menu from the start of the game.
Fiery colors shimmer out from behind a black base creating an oddly surreal effect.
Fiery crash raises questions Police say trucker had been in several accidents previously.
Fiery destruction awaits on all sides of the errant shot.
Fiery ginger helps to stimulate chi and tone the body.
Fiery hem is wild, and gold and red sequins imitate fire colors.
Fiery judgment awaits the unfruitful, non-abiding believer.
Fiery messengers rise up from the ashes of obscurity.
Fiery output is also ideal for full color proofs.
Fiery people can infect others with their warmth and energy.
Fiery technology is also available as the XJe embedded controller.
A fiesta is a party
Fiesta lasts for a whole weekend.
Fiestas abound celebrating one patron saint or another.
Fiestas abound in Mexico.
Fiestas are a time for praying, feasting, singing and dance competitions.
Fiestas are an important part of the Hispanic culture.
Fiestas are colorful events, full of music and dancing, processions, parades and fireworks.
Fiestas are great fun with lots of great food.
Fiestas are the most visible displays of folk traditions.
Fiestas are times of joy.
Fiestas are usually smaller in scale, celebratiing a patron saint, a hero or historical event.
Fiestas can be simple or elaborate and can last from one day, up to a week or more.
Fiestas enjoy enormous popularity in Spain.
Fiestas incorporate the burning of incense, playing music and small fireworks.
Fifa rules say the penalty still stands.
A fife is a flute
Fife also thinks big, and globally.
FIFE can act as a clearinghouse organization for libertarian groups of all kinds.
Fife expects the course to make some of that money back right away.
Fife Experience our selection of vacation rentals in Fife, Scotland.
Fife features study areas, a common living room and full kitchen facilities.
Fife fully endorses that plan.
Fife has a growing network of cycle routes.
Fife has a very similar distribution of house prices to Scotland.
Fife has something to offer everyone, whether indoors or out of doors.
Fife is a lifelong Michigan man.
Fife is a warrior.
Fife is an ideal base for distribution reaching all parts of Scotland.
FIFE is beyond politics, it is culture.
Fife is big enough to lift one end of the car for a change of tires.
Fife is criss-crossed by a network of paths especially designed for walkers and cyclists.
Fife is excited about becoming more than just a fan for the first time.
Fife is no exception.
Fife is the base of many successful businesses with complex logistics.
Fife is the home of golf.
Fife is too good of a kid to have to put up with that.
Fife isa flute.
FIFe judge in shorthair and Oriental.
Fife meets kora.
Fife sees it as simply realistic.
Fife still has enough country and city mixed together.
Fife takes the view that forces behind assessment are just too strong.
Fife wants to make sure that Carolina takes advantage of every invitation to comment.
Fifes are flutes.
Fifes have (part) finger holes.
Fifes have (part) sections.
Fife Always explosive, the fiery red label promises intensity that all the wines deliver.
Fifteen pediatricians are on staff.
Fifteen pieces is the estimated minimum.
Fifteen pillars separate the aisles from the central arch on each side.
Fifteen workshops are available, to be presented in three sections of five workshops each.
A fifteen is a large integer
Fifteens supply the most bass but can be mushy sounding.
Fifteenth Amendment gives male former slaves the vote.
Fifteenth icon is used to exit program.
Fifth absence lowers final grade by an additional minus.
Fifth card is dealt.
Fifth chapter traces the movement of humanity to barbarism.
A fifth column is an unit
Fifth column is the mariner s certicate number.
Fifth column present the absolute light yield expressed in arbitrary unit.
Every fifth contour is printed darker.
Fifth day fits in the newborn.
Fifth day is a return to the pack station after a leisurely morning.
Every fifth day is a Special Event Day at Laurel South.
Fifth disease can be mild or serious depending on one's health and immune status.
Fifth disease can cause problems for the unborn baby.
Fifth disease can cause serious problems to an unborn child.
Fifth disease can last from a few days to several weeks.
Fifth disease is a common disease of young children.
Fifth disease is a mild childhood illness that causes a rash.
Fifth disease is a mild rash illness that is generally found in children.
Fifth disease is a mild rash illness that occurs most commonly in children.
Fifth disease is a mild rash type illness that usually affects children.
Fifth disease is a very common viral infection in children.
Fifth disease is a viral illness that results in a viral exanthem.
Fifth disease is a viral infection which often affects red blood cells.
Fifth disease is an infection which, in children, often appears as a bright red rash on the face.
Fifth disease is caused the human parvovirus.
Fifth disease is common in children.
Fifth disease is generally a mild illness.
Fifth disease is usually a mild illness.
Fifth disease is usually mild, and both children and adults get better without any problems.
Fifth disease is usually mild.
Fifth disease poses a risk to developing fetuses in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Fifth disease spreads easily through groups, such as classrooms or day-care centers.
Fifth diseases are diseases.
Some fifth doctors have adventures.
Fifth edition is the leading college-level laboratory manual in the United States.
Every fifth family owns a car, and people live in fashionable houses and apartments.
Every fifth flip do something different.
Fifth floor houses public affairs, development and data management.
Fifth fragment has transactions in kind mostly of barley.
Fifth gear is a great cruising gear for relaxed highway driving.
Fifth generation crabbing men, they run the Crab Shack on Eureka's waterfront.
Every fifth generation repeats itself.
Fifth grade creates a geodesic dome.
Fifth grade has an extensive independent reading program, requiring a variety of genres to be read.
Fifth grade is a crucial time, when many students turn-off to math and science.
Fifth grade is a fun-filled year with a myriad of interesting learning experiences.
Fifth grade is a time to prepare children for middle school.
Fifth grade is a transition year between elementary school and middle school.
Fifth grade is an amplified version of fourth, however.
Fifth grade is an excellent grade to teach because of the curriculum.
Fifth grade is an exciting year for our students.
Fifth grade is basically a review of previously taught skills.
Fifth grade is definitely a year of adjusting and preparing for the trip to middle school.
Fifth grade is divided in seven sections.
Fifth grade is on a block schedule with students rotating between three teachers throughout the day.
Fifth grade is scheduled to play first.
Fifth grade is the only grade level with two years' worth of testing data.
Fifth grade is when it all crashed.
Fifth grade learns Hebrew prayers, Israel and the weekly Torah portion.
Fifth grade reading level is recommended for the best experience.
Fifth grades are also busy using the Internet to obtain research for their State reports.
Fifth grades perform their vocal and instrumental selections at a spring concert.
Fifth grader are excited to have e-mail addresses.
Fifth graders are apparently the same the world over.
Fifth graders are busy studying ecosystems in science.
Fifth graders are eligible to apply for the positions of director, cameraperson, and anchors.
Fifth graders are eligible to begin a band instrument.
Fifth graders are in more after-school activities than third graders.
Fifth graders are still young enough to believe in happy endings.
Fifth graders can be so disruptive.
Fifth graders can choose either program.
Fifth graders can read independently.
Fifth graders can take orchestra lessons and perform in two annual concerts.
Fifth graders can volunteer to work at the school store before and after school.
Fifth graders compare the United States with other countries in our hemisphere.
Fifth graders construct meaning from diverse accounts of an historical event.
Fifth graders continue to multiply and divide.
Fifth graders continue to practice reading and writing skills that are more complex.
Fifth graders discuss and write reports about their reactions to what they have read.
Fifth graders do a unit study on biomes for science class.
Fifth graders edit their own work.
Fifth graders explore natural resources.
Fifth graders exude an air of excitement and expectation.
Fifth graders have lots of interests and enthusiasm, and a very high desire to be with friends.
Fifth graders helping peers discuss texts in student-led groups.
Fifth graders investigate landforms, weather, and climate.
Fifth graders keep a simple daily journal.
Fifth graders learn about digestion and healthy eating habits.
Fifth graders learn about factors and multiples.
Fifth graders learn about motion by designing and building rollercoasters.
Fifth graders learn about the federal election process.
Fifth graders learn basic economic concepts through a study of a local industry.
Fifth graders learn that the computer is a machine that helps people work.
Fifth graders learn that they live in the Western Hemisphere.
Fifth graders learn the basic forms of letter writing.
Fifth graders learn to find multiples and factors of numbers.
Fifth graders learn to read world maps and atlases.
Fifth graders learn to write various forms of letters.
Fifth graders participate in beginning band and sixth graders in intermediate band.
Fifth graders participate in writing for real purposes and audiences in a variety of ways.
Fifth graders play guitar for one unit.
Fifth graders react to what they have read.
Fifth graders read for pleasure and for information.
Fifth graders sharpen their computer skills in one of the university's labs.
Fifth graders solve problems that contain several steps.
Fifth graders spend a part of the year studying the United States.
Fifth graders spend three days at an environmental learning center.
Fifth graders strengthen and refine the skills and knowledge they have learned in elementary school.
Fifth graders study the way people adapt to their environments.
Fifth graders take part in a variety of field trips that coordinate with our curriculum.
Fifth graders take turns during the year to recycle paper and metals.
Fifth graders tend to behave more like children than like early adolescents.
Fifth graders trace their own roots.
Fifth graders transform their research on Egypt into a student-authored play.
Fifth graders try to master the skill of weaving.
Fifth graders wear kilts, white shirts and blue sweaters.
Fifth graders weigh, measure, and examine a slice of raisin bread.
Fifth graders work with numbers in a variety of ways.
Fifth graders write stories and informational compositions.
All fifth graders participate in an annual musical in some capacity.
All fifth graders participate in several interdisciplinary projects.
Every fifth grader is given an assignment notebook on the first day of school.
Many fifth graders use the Internet, and some create web pages.
Fifth hour is next.
Fifth house is responsible for knowledge, memory, wisdom about music, concentration, luck etc.
Every fifth lesson is an exam .
Every fifth lesson provides a review of the keys learned in the previous four lessons.
Every fifth lesson reviews the materials of the previous four.
Fifth ligers have very moderate and mild behavioral attributes as compared to the tigers and lions.
Every fifth line is bold and identified for direct reading.
Every fifth line is bold for easy reading.
Every fifth line is darkened to help with counting.
Every fifth line is numbered and the line numbers run through all the pages.
Every fifth night is free.
Every fifth page is linked below, so click on the yellow arrows to see every cartoon.
Fifth parameter contains style options.
Fifth period has very energetic students fresh that quickly realize that school is back in session.
Every fifth person is an alcoholic.
Every fifth person is mentally ill.
Fifth picture is that with all of host families.
Fifth place is a compliment to our program.
Fifth place is definitely possible.
Fifth place is pretty damn good.
Fifth point is obviously the discontinued operations, which are the polymer sale.
Fifth position is another type of minor scale.
Fifth question offers to think over the discussion organisation.
Fifth Republic is created.
Fifth respondent adds documented research to further support the original position.
Fifth screen has a question to test the student's understanding.
Fifth Sense Offers all sorts of foodie delights.
Fifth spectrum is low pressure sodium, but with secondary lines exaggerated.
Fifth step is a zinkate etch.
Fifth street is the dividing line between the East and West wards.
Fifth team plays off against the winners of the Oceania region.
Fifth thing is take the screen and place it in a square container and pour the pulp onto the screen.
Every fifth tube is a negative control test.
A fifth wheel is a bearing
Fifth wheel activates easily for superior traction and cornering.
Fifth wheels are bearings.
Fifth wheels are redundancy.
Fifth wheels get their name because of the location of the hitching point.
Many fifth wheels are as luxurious and roomy as large motorhomes.
Fifth Year Can.
Fifth year Complete the dissertation.
Fifties isa decade.
Fiftieses have (part) years.
Fifty pieces offer insight into a spirited, wise, and funny woman.
A fifty is a large integer
Fifties attire is welcome.
Fifties is a big fucking black hole in cinema.
Fifties is fine.
Fifties novel about schoolgirl passions and the bohemian world of Paris.
Fig leaves are a symbol of self-righteousness, a form of religion without the power thereof.
Fig leaves are easy.
Fig leaves are very destructive.
Fig leaves dry up and are burnt up.
Fig leaves represent our attempt to fix a very serious problem.
Fig parrots are fragile, prone to stress death, and extremely difficult to keep.
A fig tree is a tree
Fig trees are easy to propagate, and a home planting can be started at very little expense.
Fig trees are trees.
Fig trees are unique in that both mature leaves and ripe fruit appear at the same time.
Fig trees are very fine.
Fig trees can also grow and fruit quite well when grown in containers.
Fig trees do well in pots, as do a variety of palms and rubber trees.
Fig trees grow there, too.
Fig trees grow well in a variety of soils ranging from sandy loams to clay loams.
Fig trees have roots.
Fig trees make an excellent landscape specimen, with their silvery bark and large lobed leaves.
Fig trees produce delicious, nutritious fruits in large numbers.
Fig trees produce fruit.
Fig trees produce nutritious fruit.
Fig trees respond well to pruning.
Fig trees thrive in the Pacific Northwest and much of the nation.
Most fig trees have roots.
Most fig trees produce fruit.
Most fig trees produce nutritious fruit.
Some fig trees drop roots.
Some fig trees have middles.
Some fig wasps have chances.
Some fig wasps live in darkness.
A fig is an illustration
Fig enjoys causing terror to people, and animals.
Fig isa matter.
Fig leaves, fruits and vegetables, are easy.
FIG recognises that professions play an important role in implementing sustainable development.
Figs also destroy roundworms.
Figs are a compact energy food jam-packed with minerals. .
Figs are a favorite.
Figs are a fragile fruit.
Figs are a synconium, a type of fruit that has a hollow receptacle lined with imperfect flowers.
Figs are able to conserve water, despite their big leaves.
FIGs are about almost everything else under the sun.
Figs are adaptable to varied soils.
Figs are also a natural source of seratonin, which stimulates the pineal gland.
Figs are also high in fiber, both soluble and insoluble.
Figs are also in a popular snack .
Figs are also in a popular snack.
Figs are also shallow rooted and easily stressed which can hinder ripening.
FIGs are available in many different colleges and departments.
Figs are both nutritious and delicious.
FIGs are clusters of three linked classes bridged by a common theme.
Figs are demulcent as well as nutritive.
Figs are dry when they feel leathery and show no pockets of moisture.
Figs are edible fruit.
Figs are extremely shallow rooted and consequently very susceptible to stress.
Figs are extreme-sugar weight rapidly.
Figs are fig trees.
Figs are fruit.
Figs are good sources for calcium, iron and fiber.
FIGs are groups of classes designed to allow freshmen to explore various majors.
Figs are high in dietary fiber and are a rich source of magnesium and potassium.
Figs are highly alkaline and can help to soothe withdrawal and cravings.
Figs are keystone species in many rainforest ecosystems .
Figs are medium in size, yellow when mature, with a strawberry colored pulp.
Figs are more likely to suffer toxicities from sodium, boron, or chloride.
Figs are most flavorful at room temperature.
Figs are mostly tropical plants, naturally growing wild in south-east Asian jungles.
Figs are naturally sweet, rich in texture, but fat free.
Figs are one of the few fruits rich in calcium.
Figs are one of the greatest fruits for the small garden.
Figs are one of the highest plant sources of calcium and fiber.
Figs are one of the most important plant species of a rainforest ecosystem.
Figs are part of figs.
Figs are pollinated by fig wasps .
Figs are pollinated by fig wasps.
Figs are pollinated by specialist wasps.
Figs are really the product of a structure called a synconium , which looks like a baby fig.
Figs are relatively salt-tolerant and can be grown along the coast near brackish water.
Figs are rich in iron, calcium and potassium.
Figs are ripe when they turn from green to brown.
Figs are slightly pungent, maybe even a little bit musky.
Figs are sodium-free.
Figs are special because many of the species produce two crops per year.
Figs are sweet, flavorful, and easy to eat and use.
Figs are the only fruit to fully ripen and semi-dry on the tree.
Figs are the original organic food with a minimum of natural enemies.
Figs are the very devil for tenacity.
Figs are unusual in that they bear their flowers on the inside of the fruit.
Figs are very susceptible to nematodes.
Figs arrive, carried by clown.
Figs bespeak Meditteranean climes and, with proper pruning, bear two crops a year.
Figs can act as a sweetener in a variety of preparations.
Figs can also drop their leaves during periods of extreme stress.
Figs come from bushes.
FIGs cost no more than other courses.
FIGs ensure convenient schedules.
Figs form an important item in the diet.
Figs grow extremely well along the Texas Gulf Coast.
Figs grow in warm climates .
Figs grow in warm climates.
Figs have (part) peels.
Figs have (part) sections.
Figs have a long history in the Southeast.
Figs have a very unusual flowering system.
Figs have complicated inflorescences called syconia .
Figs have nutrients especially important for today's busy lifestyles.
Figs have seeds.
Figs have special inflorence called 'syconium' within which it houses flowers.
Figs have the highest overall mineral content of all common fruits.
Figs Helps to stabilize blood sugar, which keeps energy levels high.
FIGs increase student success.
FIGs is an opportunity to get more information about a field of study.
Figs like to be heavily mulched, so make sure a thick bed of mulch is placed around the plant.
FIGs make registration a breeze.
Figs never grow on thorn bushes or grapes on bramble bushes.
FIGs offer general education courses in thematically linked small-sized class settings.
Figs propagate easily from cuttings.
Figs provide a nursery for fig wasps and fig wasps pollinate figs for reproduction.
FIGs provide a unique opportunity to meet and work with other students who have similar interests.
Figs provide more fiber than any other common fruit or vegetable.
Figs require full sun all day to ripen palatable fruits.
Figs require little or no pruning, since pruning often reduces fruit production.
Figs require little to no fertilization.
Figs root relatively easy from dormant hardwood cuttings.
Figs thrive in the Valley s hot, dry summer sun.
Figs often form before the leaves appear.
Figs often have a problem with fruit dropping before it reaches maturity.
FIGs usually embrace one or several banks and one or several industrial enterprises.
All FIGs are open to all majors.
All figs do best when given room temperature water.
Most figs come from bushes.
Most figs consumed in the United States still come from California.
Most figs have seeds.
Some figs arise from horizontal rhizomes.
Some figs arise from rhizomes.
Some figs have aggressive growth habits.
Some figs have growth habits.
Some figs have habits.
Some FIGs provide opportunities for experiential learning in off-campus activities.
Fight ability influences success.
Fight cancer are high in fiber from grains, fruits, and vegetables.
Fight club causes ruckus .
Fight scenes are both awe inspiring and tense.
Fight scenes are immediate, with some punches coming right at the camera lens.
Fight scenes are much harder.
Fight scenes are spectacular with great description on each of the attacks and styles.
Fight scenes are usually intense and lengthy.
Fight scenes have a healthy balence of back and forth.
Fight song is printed on backside.
Fight songs are often the life blood of the college basketball experience.
Fight words are words having to do with mutual assailing.
Fight Has Just Begun.
Fight hordes evil aliens and save the world.
Fight starts slowly.
Fights  kick.
Fights  punch.
Fights  shouts.
Fights  sweat.
Fights also are quicker.
Fights are a rare occurence at the bar.
Fights are almost always by invitation.
Fights are another big threat.
Fights are apt to break out.
Fights are both less frequent and more fluid.
Fights are boxing.
Fights are conflict.
Fights are controversy.
Fights are dangerous activities.
Fights are exciting and excitement stands out in a person's mind.
Fights are frequent, and consequences minimal.
Fights are frequent.
Fights are furious around the flag.
Fights are generally between warriors of equal value, or teams of equal value.
Fights are most prominent between two bulls during the initial phase of the breeding season.
Fights are Necessary to Prove Our Faith.
Fights are needlessly long, frustrating, and indecisive.
Fights are okay.
Fights are part of ice hockeys.
Fights are rare and when they do occur, they consist of harmless thrashing about.
Fights are rare.
Fights are rarer in a ball game than a hockey game, but they are more harmful.
Fights are symbolic.
Fights are ugly things.
Fights are uncommon amongst hedgehogs.
Fights are unpredictable by nature.
Fights are very rare.
Fights argues, uses put-downs or profanity.
Fights arise, bettas fins are frayed, and for a week or so, the whole fragile balance is threatened.
Fights average nearly an hour in length and often last more than two hours.
Fights average nearly an hour in length, although they often last more than two hours.
Fights begin with head bobbing then escalate to tail whipping and biting.
Fights begin with thousands of pickets to prevent the big department stores opening.
Fights break out in churches all the time.
Fights break out in hockey for numerous reasons.
Fights break out with predictable regularity, but look kind of foolish.
Fights break out, and the guards do nothing but wait and see who wins.
Fights break out.
Fights can also appear to break out, often between two males in competition for a female.
Fights can also occur due to underlying anxiety such as separation anxiety or noise sensitivities.
Fights can be vicious and can leave numerous scars on the ears.
Fights can happen between males during the mating season.
Fights can occur between pairs but usually it is between the males.
Fights can rend families when a parent is incapacitated.
Fights consist of three five-minute rounds.
Fights do occur between males over females.
Fights do sometimes happen.
Fights erupt over DNA fingerprinting because it's such an important technology.
Fights even occur.
Fights go on as long as they have to.
Fights happen all the time in hockey.
Fights happen all the time.
Fights happen every so often.
Fights have seem to become a tradition at the Taste.
Fights have violence.
Fights involve horn locking and then twisting and pushing until one male falls over.
Fights involve pushing and shoving and bumping each other.
Fights involving ex-partners can also cause rifts between stepparents and stepchildren.
Fights involving immigrant workers are very militant.
Fights listed are only a fraction of fights available.
Fights occur at every high school.
Fights occur when the crabs dispute the available shells.
Fights represent a flawed attempt to solve a problem.
Fights run slowly, and it can take awhile to defeat even a relatively weak opponent.
Fights still occur, but, unlike the past, consequences are much more severe.
Fights take place in sheds, gardens, upstairs bedrooms or living rooms.
Fights take place underwater, in outer space and even on jagged rock faces.
Fights frequently occur between males when their broods are threatened.
Fights often break out between unruly youths shouting nationalist epithets.
Fights often break out, and people sometimes get hurt.
Fights often break out, and they become brutal.
Fights often occur between a pack and a trespassing lone wolf, or two opposing packs.
Fights often occur between the clans, resulting in many deaths.
Fights often occur between the clans, resulting in tens of thousands of deaths.
Fights sometimes break out between players.
Fights sometimes erupt between the teachers' union and minister of education.
Fights usually make the effort to solve the problem fail.
All fights are dangerous and are an inappropriate means to resolve conflict.
All fights are for the heavyweight championship.
All fights are unfair.
Any fights are worth it.
Every fight begins in upright position and throws which cause falls lead to win.
Every fight has it s own problems, different fighters, different fights.
Every fight is a tough fight, physically, as well as mentally.
Every fight is divided into phases and rounds.
Every fight is divided into three parts, called tercios.
Many fights occur over females, and the combatants, with lowered heads, paw the earth defiantly.
Most fights also happen in slow motion.
Most fights are over toys, while others are over what game to play.
Most fights are short lived.
Most fights come from guys peeking out around the buildings or shooting from one of the garages.
Most fights degenerate into a flat scissors fight when both planes reach ground level.
Most fights end up on the ground.
Most fights end without major injuries.
Most fights start because of faults in character training.
Some fights are necessary.
Some fights are worth fighting.
Some fights come down to a hole the size of a pen barrel, or maybe a candle.
Some fights do get out of hand, but many are carried out very calmly.
Some fights end very fast, and forever.
Some fights never end.
A fighter aircraft is a military plane
A fighter aircraft is a plane
Fighter aircraft are much more smaller and the requirements of the parts are much higher.
Fighter aircraft fly over the roof of a manor house.
Fighter jets take off on training runs while abandoned barracks waste away.
Fighter jets zoom past viewing stands from out of no where.
Fighter kites are a specialty that can be enjoyed at some kite festivals.
Fighter kites are kites.
Fighter kites are manuverable single line kites.
Fighter kites are very interactive things.
A fighter pilot is a pilot
Fighter pilots are the glamour fliers.
Fighter pilots can fly dangerous missions with the aid of a virtual reality flight simulator.
Fighter pilots do indeed have organizations similar to knightly orders.
Fighter pilots have the same option.
Fighter pilots have the ultimate mystique.
All fighter pilots hope nothing goes wrong with their aircraft in flight.
Most fighter pilots feel that way about their jets, as if they 'wear it' instead of simply fly it.
Most fighter pilots take their skill as a given.
Some fighter pilots do tricks.
Fighter planes are fundamentally much less stable , and have to be in order to jink about .
Fighter planes are fundamentally much less stable, and have to be in order to jink about.
Fighter planes are guns.
Many fighter planes have two engines.
Some fighter planes come in pink, but the fashion police are usually close behind.
Fighter wings are inactivated, bases are closed.
A fighter is a person
Fighter is an excellent choice for training with blanks.
Fighter is from Greater Cincinnati.
Fighter is the guy who can use any sword is the level clearing guy.
Fighter isa individual.
Fighter isa person.
Fighter isa somebody.
Fighter isa someone.
Fighter takes off at night.
Fighters are adaptive.
Fighters are airplanes.
Fighters are always welcome.
Fighters are an important 'class' with a dialect of their own.
Fighters are best at combat, but have no real spell casting capability.
Fighters are capable of fights.
Fighters are deadly, and the only good thing to kill'em is other fighters.
Fighters are fast, and have decent anti-ship weaponry.
Fighters are films.
Fighters are fragile craft and can be wiped out quickly if used unsupported.
Fighters are fun.
Fighters are in the middle of the ring as the crowd roars.
Fighters are obviously the best at physically hacking opponents to bits.
Fighters are similar to a combined missile and system ship.
Fighters are small craft carried by another ship.
Fighters are something very different.
Fighters are the final class of ships.
Fighters are the next likely to join the ranks, followed by rogues and clerics.
Fighters are the only athletes without a labor union.
Fighters are unique.
Fighters begin standing, where the use of throws and takedowns can be incorporated.
Fighters break their knuckles and bleed from ugly cuts.
Fighters bristling with bombs and missiles streak off in their full afterburner's glow.
Fighters burn the houses and enemies' sons weep.
Fighters can also protect or intercept.
Fighters can also strike with their knees and elbows.
Fighters can be a strong possible component to a fleet.
Fighters can benefit from videotape, too.
Fighters can carry many different kinds of weapons, including missiles, machine guns, and bombs.
Fighters can hack and slash effectively, and can use other skills like Disarming traps and so forth.
Fighters can kill caps, bombers, and bases.
Fighters can say whatever.
Fighters can use any martial art, or combination of arts, they like in the fight.
Fighters can use just about everything-elbows, hands, feet, knees.
Fighters can use their guns to strafe a target on the ground.
Fighters clench again.
Fighters clench in corner.
Fighters compete each other in single combat or groups.
Fighters display two things.
Fighters distance themselves.
Fighters DON'T know how to jab.
Fighters excel at ground combat and are a deadly class to be reckoned with.
Fighters exchange flurry after round.
Fighters exchange on the ropes.
Fighters exchange short flurry.
Fighters expend twenty hours a week unpaid labor, and when their campaigns end, they have nothing.
Fighters fly over higher up.
Fighters get well quicker.
Fighters have (part) arms.
Fighters have (part) body substances.
Fighters have (part) cell membranes.
Fighters have (part) cells.
Fighters have (part) corpi.
Fighters have (part) cytoplasm.
Fighters have (part) heads.
Fighters have (part) human bodies.
Fighters have (part) legs.
Fighters have (part) material bodies.
Fighters have (part) necks.
Fighters have (part) nuclei.
Fighters have (part) personality.
Fighters have (part) plasma membranes.
Fighters have (part) sections.
Fighters have (part) vacuoles.
Fighters have a significant advantage when attacking bombers.
Fighters have access to three good tricks, more or less.
Fighters have options.
Fighters have situations.
Fighters have territory.
Fighters just throw way too many punches.
Fighters know if they lost.
Fighters meet in the center of the ring.
Fighters move like fighters.
Fighters move on, remain, or drop out based on the adjusted score.
Fighters naturally are the best at dogfighting.
Fighters nearly fall out of the ring.
Fighters only please.
Fighters possess devastating close quarters sword play skills.
Fighters possess unique styles that create specific physical demands.
Fighters relate from a position of love, power and sound thinking.
Fighters shoulder most of the responsibility, because they stand to make the most money.
Fighters speed past in lorries mounter with anti-aircraft guns.
Fighters study each other.
Fighters take blows, a lot of blows, to emerge victorious.
Fighters understand significance.
Fighters use it to make fools of their opponents.
Fighters use mostly light weapons, lack air cover and are bloodthirsty and unprofessional.
Fighters wear only finger free gloves and no other protection.
Fighters win and fighters lose.
Fighters work up a sweat in the locker room before a fight.
Fighters wrestle at bell.
Fighters often return to base minus their bombs and missiles.
All fighters are aware of the risks inherent in their trade.
All fighters are welcome to attend.
All fighters brag.
All fighters resurrect after each scoring.
All fighters wear varying amounts of armor made from steel, leather, and other rigid materials.
Every fighter has their own unique attack and weakness.
Every fighter is different.
Many fighters are never are the same after a castrophe in the ring.
Many fighters make the mistake of choosing the character that they have the best luck with.
Most fighters come in, and stand upright.
Most fighters have options.
Most fighters have situations.
Most fighters have territory.
Most fighters understand significance.
Some fighters are able to make their own from whatever materials are available.
Some fighters are aggressive, bulling their way forward with flurries of punches.
Some fighters are much tougher than others, which makes for some very unfair fights.
Some fighters carry out operations.
Some fighters cover ears.
Some fighters die from head injuries.
Some fighters die from injuries.
Some fighters have brakes.
Some fighters have speed brakes.
Some fighters have their backs, arms and chests decorated with protective tattoos.
Some fighters inspect tunnels.
Some fighters like to prepare for a fight by stalking around on their own.
Some fighters look like winners.
Some fighters lose weight.
Some fighters protect themselves with flak jackets.
Some fighters return to positions.
Fighting fear is a big job.
Fighting games are big business if done right.
Fighting games are close, with no fancy moves and more straightforward kicks.
Fighting games have come a long way, there's no question about that.
Fighting games have never be the same.
Fighting games have women, but they are still played mostly by males.
Most fighting games have a selection of characters with different abilities .
Most fighting games have a selection of characters with different abilities.
Fighting spirit is necessary to overcome illness.
Some fighting systems are just that.
Fighting words are words that tend to incite an immediate breach of the peace.
A fighting is a struggle
Fighting adds little if anything to the single player game and, fortunately, can be toggled off.
Fighting based on party lines is unproductive and leads to ineffective gridlock.
Fighting becomes too repetitive.
Fighting begins at Little Round Top.
Fighting begins in the Wheat Field.
Fighting breaks out after a peace accord in Sierra Leone.
Fighting breaks out and then peace comes and the scene changes to that of a wild frontier town.
Fighting breaks out between cat and dog and between people.
Fighting breaks out between China and Britain.
Fighting breaks out between Greek and Turkish ethnic groups living in Cyprus.
Fighting breaks out between South Yemen and Oman.
Fighting breaks out between the Blackfeet and white settlers.
Fighting breaks out between the two rival militias.
Fighting breaks out culminating in murders in many cases.
Fighting breaks out everywhere.
Fighting breaks out in Asia.
Fighting breaks out, then peace comes and the scene changes to that of a wild frontier town.
Fighting breaks out.
Fighting can be constant.
Fighting can be intense and has increasingly involved attacks on the capital, Bujumbura.
Fighting can break out and injuries can be fatal.
Fighting can go on for several minutes or be over in seconds.
Fighting can go on for weeks or even months.
Fighting can lead to brawls and significant injury.
Fighting comes from a desire for honor.
Fighting continues between the various warlords throughout the country.
Fighting continues for several months.
Fighting continues for weeks.
Fighting continues however.
Fighting continues in diamond areas.
Fighting continues in Europe despite mass surrender of German forces.
Fighting continues in Kosovo, even as a second round of talks gets underway in Paris.
Fighting continues in Kosovo.
Fighting continues in many of the villages surrounding the town.
Fighting continues in parts of southern Sudan.
Fighting continues in Sudan.
Fighting continues in the mountainous region of southern Chechnya.
Fighting continues into the night, with neither side emerging victorious.
Fighting continues to stall peace talks in the region .
Fighting continues to stall peace talks in the region.
Fighting continues today with atrocities committed by all actors.
Fighting continues until order is restored and neither army is in the other country.
Fighting does involve a couple of very interesting elements.
Fighting does solve problems.
Fighting doesnt make u tough.
Fighting expands into Laos and Cambodia.
Fighting generally symbolizes conflict.
Fighting gives baseball a black eye.
Fighting has a lot of growling and yelps from real bites.
Fighting helps control the game.
Fighting impacts everyone from the upper class to the lowliest of peasant.
Fighting implies a chance of winning.
Fighting increases dark cutting.
Fighting involves biting, butting with the large head, and slapping with the tail.
Fighting involves posturing with lowered head and neck.
Fighting involves sending a reply, asking to be left alone.
Fighting is a great stress reliever, they say.
Fighting is a last resort.
Fighting is a little bit of everything.
Fighting is a messy, messy thing and can easily involve the exchange of bodily fluids.
Fighting is a more significant problem at the four public schools than at the five private schools.
Fighting is a necessity in a thriving relationship.
Fighting is a pain.
Fighting is a part of hockey.
Fighting is a part of the game.
Fighting is a relatively simple affair in Homeland.
Fighting is a series of bluffs, threats and combat.
Fighting is a violent means of settling disputes and hence is an offense.
Fighting is a well-established safety valve for players.
Fighting is about the physical.
Fighting is almost inevitable.
Fighting is also dangerous for the winner.
Fighting is always better without the buttons.
Fighting is always the last resort.
Fighting is an anaerobic sport.
Fighting is an automatic ejection from a game.
Fighting is an automatic five days away from the playground.
Fighting is an automatic game misconduct penalty.
Fighting is another common lunchtime activity.
Fighting is back on the rugby field.
Fighting is bad for business.
Fighting is bad.
Fighting is both physical and disciplined.
Fighting is carried out in the same screen, and small sub-menus pop up for conversations.
Fighting is certainly preferable to the disgrace of resignation.
Fighting is common.
Fighting is concentrated in Azerbaijan's autonomous regions.
Fighting is dangerous, but fighting is indispensable.
Fighting is dangerous.
Fighting is described as swinging at another player with either a closed or open fist.
Fighting is destructive to almost every relationship.
Fighting is dice-based.
Fighting is done by holding down the right mouse button and swinging.
Fighting is done with a combination of the arrow keys, shift, and control.
Fighting is easier onscreen than onstage.
Fighting is easy.
Fighting is elemental to hockey, a game of speed and contact, played in a walled-in surface on ice.
Fighting is equally dynamic and alive.
Fighting is fairly simple and basically boils down to whichever side has the most units.
Fighting is fairly straightforward.
Fighting is for a patient's bill of rights.
Fighting is for sissies.
Fighting is forbidden.
Fighting is fun.
Fighting is good.
Fighting is grounds for immediate expulsion.
Fighting is hard.
Fighting is important for defence of webs, prey and mates.
Fighting is indeed a part of hockey, but it is an unnecessary part of it.
Fighting is just a case of hammering away at the keys with no tactics.
Fighting is just one of the many really cool things about the game to learn.
Fighting is kept to a minimum.
Fighting is like hell.
Fighting is likely to continue till a settlement of some kind is reached.
Fighting is love worst enemy.
Fighting is merely an outspring of conflict that manifests itself in a physical form.
Fighting is more common among young students.
Fighting is more fun than it s ever been.
Fighting is no good.
Fighting is noble until someone gets hurt.
Fighting is now heavier than it s been in two years.
Fighting is now once again widespread throughout much of Angola.
Fighting is obsolete, and unnecessary.
Fighting is one aspect of the game that remains unrealistic.
Fighting is one thing, but teaching is another proposition entirely.
Fighting is only one such method.
Fighting is optional.
Fighting is out, but toughness and intimidation still matter.
Fighting is particularly annoying for three reasons.
Fighting is rare, except between competing males during the mating season.
Fighting is risky business.
Fighting is sad.
Fighting is secondary.
Fighting is seen as the only option because neither side believes the other is capable of change.
Fighting is stiff and very phony.
Fighting is the last resort.
Fighting is the norm at that school, and academics are nonexistent.
Fighting is the only thing that works.
Fighting is the opposite of fellowship.
Fighting is the option about which there are the most misconceptions.
Fighting is the ultimate part of social interaction between the males.
Fighting is to be used as an extension of internal feelings.
Fighting is unacceptable in baseball.
Fighting is unavoidable.
Fighting is underway again in Macedonia.
Fighting is used only as a last resort.
Fighting is usually an aggressive show with the males pecking, kicking, and hissing.
Fighting is usually an instantly, purposely vicious attack.
Fighting is very different from exercising.
Fighting is way down in the league, but it's still going to happen.
Fighting is within inches of the massive beasts.
Fighting is wrong.
Fighting leads to killing.
Fighting lies with truth is the American way.
Fighting makes it hard to farm in many areas, leaving thousands of people hungry.
Fighting means immediate suspension.
Fighting occurs if both stags are evening matched, and involves wrestling and clashing of antlers.
Fighting occurs if both stags are evenly matched and involves wrestling and clashing of antlers.
Fighting occurs in young bucks more often than older ones.
Fighting protects hockey players.
Fighting requires a lot of energy.
Fighting requires cooperation.
Fighting requires effort, and minimum effort is the mantra of the fat guy.
Fighting seems to be a large part of what they are respected for.
Fighting seems to be concentrated in junior secondary schools.
Fighting seems to occur in competition for food.
Fighting still continues in strife-torn region.
Fighting still continues in the volatile region, and blood continues to be shed.
Fighting still continues.
Fighting still rages.
Fighting takes a minor role at that event.
Fighting takes no brains.
Fighting takes place exclusively on land.
Fighting takes place in the forests of a vast plateau.
Fighting uses a combination of clicking and mouse movement.
Fighting's much more fun than kissing stuff.
Fighting often leads to serious injury to one or all contestants and is therefore very costly.
Fighting usually occurs between cats of the same sex and age, especially between toms.
All fighting takes place on the main overhead map.
Any fighting carries with it a mandatory suspension.
Any fighting occurring during the play is an automatic red card.
More fighting then follows with people being hit, knifed, and smashed with other weapons.
Most fighting is on land.
Some fighting is, of course, inevitable.
Figural creativity involves visual and spatial thinking.
Figural material is problematic for people with visual impairments.
Figural ones can command large sums from collectors.
Figural reamers are among the most prized.
Figural turtle is composed of topaz emerald cut and round unfoiled rhinestones.
Figurative art is excluded from the decoration of religious monuments.
Figurative art is still the most popular in Paris.
Figurative art is used to communicate the concept.
Many figurative borderlines come into play as the novel progresses.
Figurative language captures the hidden emotions and depths of the soul.
Figurative language is different.
Figurative language is essential in certain types of writing to help convey meaning and expression.
Figurative language is language that means more than what it says on the surface.
Figurative language is more picturesque.
Figurative language ups the reader's interest and often conveys meaning hard to convey in words.
Figurative language uses comparisons in a variety of ways to create images.
Figurative language uses words that mean something else on a literal level.
Figurative masks demonstrate a refined naturalism.
Figurative painting is another equivalent.
Figurative sculptures appear to be of Ovimbundu origin.
Figurative Watercolors Click on images to view large version of each.
Figure eights are descenders, and a belay device can be used as one.
A figure of speech is a device
Figures of speech are always more vivid and alive.
Figures of speech are available.
Figures of speech can be tricky.
Figures of speech covered include personification, allusion, hyperbole, apostrophe and metonymy.
Figure skates are available during regular open skate hours.
Figure skates are easier to balance on than hockey skates and are therefore better for beginners.
Figure skates are ice skates.
Figure skaters are athletes.
Figure skaters are performers now.
Figure skaters are very happy with the installation of the practice harness.
Figure skaters are workers.
Figure skaters can change their moment of inertia by pulling in their arms.
Figure skaters go for artistic interpretation, steady triple and quad jumps.
Figure skaters stop by in the morning.
Every figure skater does, eventually.
A figure skating is an ice skating
Figure skating allows women to compete like Champions while dressed like Cheerleaders.
Figure skating are ice skating.
Figure skating are sports.
Figure skating is a difficult, challenging discipline to tackle.
Figure skating is a girl thing.
Figure skating is a great sport.
Figure skating is a multidimensional sport.
Figure skating is a sport for women, run by women.
Figure skating is a sport that is challenging, and Very rewarding.
Figure skating is all about using the force.
Figure skating is also a primary recreational activity at the ice centers.
Figure skating is an expensive sport and money is always a problem.
Figure skating is like flying, but it's also like climbing hundreds of stairs in four minutes.
Figure skating is now professional.
Figure skating is open to kids beginning at three years of age and moving through various levels.
Figure skating is the most popular winter sport watched during the Winter Olympics.
Figure skating is the same way.
A figure is an illustration
Figure above illustrates a juniper-pinyon pine woodland in New Mexico.
Figure above includes international students who identify themselves as Black, Hispanic, or Asian.
Figure above indicates locations of casting yard, tunnel site and towing route.
Figure above shows correct assembly and disassembly of the front-end assembly.
Figure above shows many of the structures of the respiratory system.
Figure above shows the proposed structure of the polymer network.
Figure actually comes with a Parental Advisory sticker on it.
Figure also shows the locations of seismic profiles shown in the next figure.
Figure becomes ground, ground becomes figure.
Figure below demonstrates the hierarchical procedure.
Figure below is a comparison between binary fission, mitosis, and meiosis.
Figure below is a representation of dividing plant cells.
Figure below is a table showing the actual frequencies for a range of common musical notes.
Figure below is the dispersion relation for diatomic linear lattice.
Figure below shows a map of the region.
Figure below shows a marine food chain.
Figure below shows a typical image from a portion of a loblolly pine tracheid.
Figure below shows an example of secure image online shopping.
Figure below shows consecutive stages of the knots evolution.
Figure below shows how an eye focuses objects at a near by distance.
Figure below shows how light rays are focused by a concave lens.
Figure below shows how light rays are focused by a convex lens.
Figure below shows how the fractional distillation of petroleum is done.
Figure below shows how the process runs in the case of the trefoil knot.
Figure below shows the comparison between the calculated gravity and the observed gravity.
Figure below shows the components of a chloroplast.
Figure below shows the migration route of a bird called a godwit.
Figure below shows the same.
Figure below shows the schematic diagram of the human eye.
Figure below shows the shape of the eye that is suffering from short sightedness or myopia.
Figure below shows the three groups.
Figure below shows two other examples.
Figure Clean Up Clean the figure in warm soapy water.
Figure collects the specification of the most important ones.
Figure compares the graphs of the two expressions.
Figure contains a graphical sketch of a small directory tree.
Figure contains a sample collection of such points.
Figure contains an example module.
Figure contains the complete definition of find-route .
Figure contains the complete definition of hangman-guess .
Figure contains the complete definition.
Figure contains the complete definitions of insert and sort .
Figure contains the complete definitions.
Figure contains the complete function definition.
Figure contains the complete Scheme representation for our descendant tree.
Figure contains the data definitions for letters, words, and body-parts.
Figure contains the definitions of the state variables and their purpose statements.
Figure contains the final definition of the accumulator-style version of sum .
Figure contains the full function.
Figure contains the function definition for create-inex .
Figure cover upon one experience consequently swum jay leno.
Figure depends on the arrangement of the middle terms in the proposition.
Figure depicts the desired output of the system.
Figure describes the basic conversion task.
Figure describes the structure of the manufacturing plant model.
Figure displays such an interface.
Figure displays the one standard deviation contours in the - plane.
Figure displays the window that opens to show the filler activity.
Figure faces south.
Figure gives a pictorial representation of the global communication functions.
Figure gives an example of such an incorrectly decoded frame.
Figure goes here.
Figure has color variations.
Figure has minor paint wear.
Figure has red patches and green stripes and holds onto a band of golden-colored metal.
Figure has slight dirt, but can be cleaned.
Figure illustrates the change of the band structure due to our defects.
Figure illustrates the concept of an object identifier tree.
Figure illustrates the manner in which documents are retrieved from various sources.
Figure illustrates the root finding of a seventh degree polynomial.
Figure illustrates the workload.
Figure includes electric chair, skull helmet, wiring, electricution switch, and floor base.
Figure includes Jefferson County, Colo., fatalities as of late last week.
Figure includes subscriptions and single-copy sales.
Figure includes teaching compensation, which fluctuated from year to year.
Figure indicates hidden step by step instructions and other helpful information.
Figure is a picture of a signal-processing system that corresponds to the integral procedure.
Figure is a scale diagram of the top and side views of the UFOE optics.
Figure is always good to excellent.
Figure is below.
Figure is determined by the number of rays, the porosity, the grain, and the alignment of rings.
Figure is drawn in.
Figure is excellent and an original.
Figure is excellent.
Figure is for light rail.
Figure is in modern dress uniform.
Figure is in very good condition.
Figure is in Very Good condition.
Figure is jointed at neck, shoulders, hips and knees.
Figure is made from different materials and attached to the card.
Figure is made of ceramic.
Figure is made of resin.
Figure is metal.
Figure is mint, box has a price sticker tear on the bottom.
Figure is normally more prominent on one face than it is on the other.
Figure is of a seated woman with ornamental headdress.
Figure is roughly life size.
Figure is roughly life-size.
Figure is rounded to the nearest hundred cases.
Figure is similar to birch to which it is related.
Figure is the driving factor in establishing the price and grade is secondary.
Figure is the main type of object.
Figure is unpainted.
Figure is very good and is factory painted.
Figure is virtually identical to walnut, to which it is closely related.
Figure isa illustration.
Figure la illustrates two rays passing through a prism.
Figure legends .
Figure legends, on pages separate from the text.
Figure looks very close to the American card art, unlike the U.S. figure.
Figure make good graphs and maps.
Figure makes figures and posters by drawing graphics and text together.
Figure now is a good time to rerun the distro poll too.
Figure presents the recipe for compound data in tabular form.
Figure presents the value of internal adhesion force of snow in various temperatures.
Figure proverbce during most husband and relate auto racing magazine.
Figure provides an estimate of costs for workshops, training, and so on.
Figure provides an overview of the system's functionality.
Figure quantities proportionately for different numbers of shirts.
Figure quoted is the overnight close.
Figure realize Decisions onto grass through any miami dolphins poster once pretend upon an duty.
Figure recalls the two definitions.
Figure reflects average cost of two available housing options.
Figure represents a directory.
Figure represents an electromagnetic wave.
Figure represents average cost per gallon of fuel for the entire federal motor vehicle fleet.
Figure represents the average annual salary for primary and secondary school teachers.
Figure represents the same family as that of figure , but drawn from the descendant perspective.
Figure represents the structure of an inode.
Figure represents total state and local district spending.
Figure represents wells of a microtiter plate coated with antigen.
Figure shows a few examples of marking up the same text.
Figure shows a histogram of bias levels in the same bias frame.
Figure shows a model of the coordinated control from multiple, correlated neurons.
Figure shows a modem pool located on the Internet side of the screened host firewall.
Figure shows a partly washed document.
Figure shows a possible session.
Figure shows a simple example network.
Figure shows a typical architecture for networks with backpropagation as the learning rule.
Figure shows a typical screen setup.
Figure shows an example of how to print a mail message.
Figure shows an example to obtain the number of defined atoms.
Figure shows an example.
Figure shows an initially empty queue in which the items a and b are inserted.
Figure shows an op-amp as a comparator.
Figure shows annualized changes of the trend component.
Figure shows another port interface type.
Figure shows arteries at base of brain and in dura mater.
Figure shows coating with a high degree of flocculation.
Figure shows different cart of a user named anish.
Figure shows estimation of a dead time of an air conditioner plant.
Figure shows five sources of noise that can affect a bit on a wire.
Figure shows how an initial saw-tooth disturbance is decomposed into delta functions.
Figure shows how the blood alcohol level varies with time for various doses of ethanol.
Figure shows how the decay of parent atoms and growth of daughter atoms with time.
Figure shows portions of the curve used to calculate rate binding constants.
Figure shows right and left eye diagrams of muscle range of movement and pupillary position.
Figure shows some trees that represent the set .
Figure shows that selecting radii on the probability circles carefully give predictable results.
Figure shows the basic six steps of a design recipe checklist.
Figure shows the basic structures of speaker identification and verification systems.
Figure shows the complete compilation of the definition of the factorial procedure.
Figure shows the C-source file.
Figure shows the data paths and controller for the elaborated machine.
Figure shows the definition of each of the signallist.
Figure shows the dependence graph for the pieces of the book.
Figure shows the distributed microcracking in a cement based composite laminates.
Figure shows the earthquake locations as white circles plotted on the bathymetry of the ridge crest.
Figure shows the effect of adding a small volume fraction of fluid to bidisperse glass beads.
Figure shows the experimental setup.
Figure shows the expression of renal tubular epithelial cells.
Figure shows the extra columns in A and how data is transfered for each iteration.
Figure shows the final aggregates from simulation started with different surfactant concentrations.
Figure shows the general geometry of the Front-end board.
Figure shows the general topology.
Figure shows the global diagram of the building task.
Figure shows the host send and outstanding-packet queues.
Figure shows the isotopic composition of various waters.
Figure shows the more important key combinations for quickly calling some functions.
Figure shows the output of running forkjoin.
Figure shows the oxygen isotopic ratios of some ore deposits.
Figure shows the participation diagram detailing the organization of the demonstration.
Figure shows the position of the daughter boards on the mother board.
Figure shows the position of the different boards making up the local station electronics.
Figure shows the principle of the translation process.
Figure shows the reference position and the corresponding piston position.
Figure shows the screen during the collection of thedata.
Figure shows the sequence of signals in the case of fly-by burst high priority.
Figure shows the setup.
Figure shows the side view of the electronic boards.
Figure shows the similar result for three BTSs.
Figure shows the size of the case library with increased number of training problems solved.
Figure shows the structure in figure viewed as a tree.
Figure shows the timing diagram.
Figure shows the topology of a net.
Figure shows two examples.
Figure shows two whole brains that have the gyri and associated sulci labeled.
Figure shows what electrical noise looks like.
Figure shows what happens when the there is a downward movement with the lens.
Figure specifies the operations that the teachpack provides.
Figure suggest Picture on fever in most paintball as admire below all passenger.
Figure summarises the notations used for the components and their different types of relations.
Figure summarizes the development of our running example.
Figure summarizes the effects of various volatiles on the solidus.
Figure summarizes the extended design recipe.
Figure summarizes the major operations on domains.
Figure summarizes the recipe in tabular form.
Figure summarizes the suggestions on the design of algorithms.
Figure supports reflective computing.
Figure takes up top left of page.
Figure thinks on maybe moving to France and learns to speak the french language since a while.
Figures above are for each local governments' total pension bill.
Figures according to the old definition are available.
Figures add up to hundreds of billions.
Figures again are in constant dollars.
Figures also are difficult to obtain because so many of the nation's facilities are unregistered.
Figures also make it easier to spot trends or patterns.
Figures also show drawings of some of the attitudes of single and married male participants.
Figures also show that the general population is getting older.
Figures also tend to be three heads width from shoulder to shoulder.
Figures appear at the end of the paper.
Figures appear only in the ps and pdf files.
Figures appear only in the ps files.
Figures are a bit nastier, as both the size and the positioning seem fairly random.
Figures are a series of highly technical movements performed individually before a panel of judges.
Figures are absolute values in centimeters.
Figures are after tax.
Figures are also available by legislative and congressional district.
Figures are annual and based on a forty-hour work week.
Figures are approximate.
Figures are approximately life size in all views.
Figures are approximations only.
Figures are as at end of the financial year.
Figures are available by county, by metropolitan statistical area, and for the state as a whole.
Figures are available by region, industry, stage of development, and type of financing.
Figures are available by sex, single and quinary ages to standard area.
Figures are available here .
Figures are available here.
Figures are available in Excel format.
Figures are available in hard copy.
Figures are available on request.
Figures are available on-line.
Figures are available upon request.
Figures are averages for that hour on a typical day.
Figures are averages of all physicians regardless of specialty and location.
Figures are averages.
Figures are beady-eyed, often somewhat stocky, and display a variety of lively poses.
Figures are beautiful, accurate, and include many clear photographic images.
Figures are before a fine paid for violation of the Sherman Act.
Figures are before asset write-down and business divestiture.
Figures are before asset write-off.
Figures are best for showing trends and comparisons.
Figures are certain to climb as Japanese investors become increasingly wired.
Figures are clearly discernible.
Figures are color coded from blue to red to show increasing parameter intensity.
Figures are color coded to denote appropriate regions.
Figures are community students only.
Figures are complete and appropriately labeled.
Figures are current through the date shown, usually the previous day.
Figures are currently available only in the printed booklet.
Figures are different at other hospitals.
Figures are drawn to scale , but the gibbon , on the left , is drawn at double size .
Figures are drawn to scale, but the gibbon, on the left, is drawn at double size.
Figures are due to be released next month.
Figures are duotone colors of yellow, taupe and red.
Figures are estimates based on part year data.
Figures are estimates.
Figures are excellent.
Figures are expresses in percentage of hands.
Figures are few years old.
Figures are for all integrated systems sold by each vendor.
Figures are for calendar years.
Figures are for comparison only.
Figures are for county-funded sites only.
Figures are for first-time test takers.
Figures are for full-time students.
Figures are for home country customers unless otherwise specified.
Figures are for inmates under state jurisdiction only.
Figures are for Mercer County only unless noted.
Figures are for Mercer County only unless otherwise noted.
Figures are for S Korea only.
Figures are for the de jure population.
Figures are for the fifteen principal states.
Figures are for transfers entering in any term.
Figures are for two biscuits.
Figures are formal relationships among situated elements.
Figures are given of the skull of the male.
Figures are graphic illustrations of things or data.
Figures are graphs or illustrations.
Figures are graphs, pictures, or illustrations.
Figures are gross monthly salaries and are in Canadian dollars.
Figures are here.
Figures are high quality, very relevant, and informative.
Figures are however misleading.
Figures are illustrations, such as charts, graphs, photographs, or drawings.
Figures are illustrations.
Figures are impressions.
Figures are in absolute numbers unless otherwise indicated.
Figures are in billions of yen.
Figures are in BTU per passenger mile.
Figures are in Canadian dollars.
Figures are in cents per gallon.
Figures are in color, but black and white renderings are acceptable.
Figures are in CPMs.
Figures are in full winter atire.
Figures are in millions of dollars.
Figures are in millions.
Figures are in national currency values.
Figures are in percents.
Figures are in Thousand EUROs.
Figures are in Thousand German Marks.
Figures are in thousands and rounded to the nearest hundred.
Figures are in thousands of dollars and gallons, except per unit figures.
Figures are in thousands of dollars, except per unit figures.
Figures are in thousands of dollars.
Figures are in thousands of metric tons.
Figures are in thousands.
Figures are in U.S. dollars and reflect Canadian GAAP standards.
Figures are in U.S. dollars.
Figures are in various poses, no two alike.
Figures are inclusive of all debt service.
Figures are individually hand bent and welded from steel rods, then dipped in a clear resin finish.
Figures are interracial marriages per year.
Figures are latest available.
Figures are latest estimates available.
Figures are lengths of general outline of seacoast.
Figures are life-size or smaller.
Figures are likely to rise as rescue teams get deeper into the villages.
Figures are limited to the number necessary for clarity.
Figures are maneuvers.
Figures are median of the rates of principal banks which deal with money trusts or loan trusts.
Figures are models.
Figures are more unreliable when inflation is rapid and unpredictable.
Figures are national in scope, unless otherwise noted.
Figures are nationally projectionable.
Figures are no better than in most illustrated technical works, and in many cases are worse.
Figures are no longer Observable.
Figures are of a standard blade probe during bubbly flow in a low-pressure test loop.
Figures are of friends in everyday situations rather than studio models.
Figures are online.
Figures are only available for two years, so no long term trends can be identified.
Figures are only possible in black and white.
Figures are optional.
Figures are overall destruction.
Figures are pecise even if sometimes given as a range.
Figures are per chamber.
Figures are per issue.
Figures are percentages of the total population.
Figures are percentages.
Figures are percept.
Figures are photographs, sketches, or drafted illustrations.
Figures are plentiful, and nicely illustrate the text.
Figures are polygon-based.
Figures are preliminary.
Figures are primitive but adequate.
Figures are provisional.
Figures are regional and national.
Figures are removable.
Figures are representations.
Figures are shapes.
Figures are smallish.
Figures are stills from the movie.
Figures are stylised and representational.
Figures are subject to change according to new evidence.
Figures are subject to change.
Figures are subject to further revision.
Figures are subject to rounding.
Figures are subject to validation of income, credit checks and a property valuation.
Figures are sums.
Figures are swoppet type.
Figures are the annual average of quarterly figures.
Figures are the final pages.
Figures are the manufacturers' list prices for vehicles in their year of manufacture.
Figures are the mean amount plans spend, per beneficiary per year, for behavioral health services.
Figures are the most memory-intensive form of illustration used.
Figures are the most recent available.
Figures are the percentage of total traditional toy sales. .
Figures are tiny against wheat fields, hills, and mountains in the background.
Figures are to be labeled with author's name and number of figure.
Figures are to be numbered consecutively throughout the paper in Arabic numerals.
Figures are to be numbered consecutively.
Figures are to be numbered sequentially using Arabic numerals.
Figures are to be preferred to tables.
Figures are to be submitted by the author.
Figures are total company sales, including red meat and poultry.
Figures are totals for that hour on all days analyzed.
Figures are trade registration for the SA event only.
Figures are U.S. dollars.
Figures are unadjusted data.
Figures are usually colored orange.
Figures are usually enlargeable by clicking on it.
Figures are usually items such as photos, drawings, maps, charts and graphs.
Figures are very important for conveying ideas and tying together concepts.
Figures are worse still for ethnic minority patient groups.
Figures are, of course, slightly better in the capital than in the more remote areas of the islands.
Figures assume current contract specifications where contract specifications have changed.
Figures assume no change in population size and age distribution in the future.
Figures assume unlimited charges.
Figures awake out few dual cpu auction.
Figures based on all jobs vary only slightly, generally a few tenths of a percent.
Figures behave like floating tables.
Figures below are an estimate of uncommitted funds available after continuing operations are funded.
Figures below are for the latter, mainly because the data include a bun rather than bread.
Figures blend into each other as do the colors.
Figures build effective verbal ethos.
Figures build image, and image creates favorable impressions that help persuasion.
Figures can appear in black and white in print but in color in the electronic journal.
Figures can be approximate.
Figures can be both line drawings or photographs.
Figures can be charts, graphs, photographs, or drawings.
Figures can be scratch-built, conversions or stock.
Figures can be send in native format.
Figures can have limbs blown off, complete with projecting bones and gushing blood.
Figures can include bar charts, scatterplots, or line graphs.
Figures can span the two columns.
Figures can spin in the wind.
Figures can take the form of drawings, charts, graphs and other illustrations or photographs.
Figures change if family has multiple children enrolled.
Figures Click on any image to see the full size version.
Figures Click on any of the small figures below to see a larger version.
Figures Click on figure to download full size color postscript file.
Figures Click on image for a larger image and prices.
Figures Click on the appropriate button to see the full scan.
Figures come unpainted.
Figures come up on the computer screen.
Figures come with stand, authentic team uniform and removable helmet.
Figures commonly represent warriors on foot or horseback, servants, acrobats, and others.
Figures complement the proposal and do a good job of summarizing previous work of others.
Figures comprise both technical botanical illustrations and color photographs.
Figures concerning current taxation revenues in East Timor are misleading.
Figures consist of elementary segments.
Figures consist of soldiers training and priest.
Figures containing the score sheets follow at the end of the appendix.
Figures contribute to the word-count an amount equal to the number of words in the figure.
Figures courtesy IEEE from the reference below.
Figures cover all grades in school.
Figures cover federal obligations, which are funds set aside for payments.
Figures cover only applicants processed for permanent residence at overseas missions.
Figures cover only freshmen who had graduated from high school in the previous year.
Figures cover previous year or two.
Figures depict processed images of high-magnification cone photoreceptor imaging.
Figures depict various periods in history.
Figures developed by different statistical sources vary greatly.
Figures differ between mobile versions.
Figures display data correctly, all variables labeled.
Figures display data incorrectly.
Figures do speak a nonaffiliated language.
Figures don t lie.
Figures done with software are acceptable if the figures are clear and legible.
Figures drawn with India ink on white paper are preferable.
Figures emerge from the canvas to inhabit the poems.
Figures estimate the lowest capacity in each period.
Figures estimating the number of call centre employees vary, depending on the definitions used.
Figures excite Figures across bath off none fox magazines but order amid no wool.
Figures excite off most audio magazine.
Figures exclude cans and bottles privately redeemed by consumers and scavengers.
Figures exclude foreign currency denominated bonds in Japan.
Figures exclude insurance cover.
Figures exclude learners and agency staff.
Figures exclude manslaughter.
Figures exclude schoolchildren and most trainees.
Figures exclude unsettled checks and bills.
Figures exclude yachts and pleasure craft.
Figures exist in a rural or small-town environment, recalling a simpler time.
Figures express trends or relationships between data.
Figures float, colors seem to shift, and the effect is nearly hallucinatory.
Figures fluctuate around one million tons, depending on resources.
Figures follow tables, consecutively numbered.
Figures following school name include number of pupils entered.
Figures generally show relationships or illustrate information rather than present precise data.
Figures generally span over five years.
Figures given are for nominal pedestal.
Figures given are for prerevolutionary period.
Figures given in pink are uncertain.
Figures given out by various agencies vary widely.
Figures given within the brackets represents the total emergence of turtles .
Figures gives Jacksonville a tough, aggressive veteran who plays the run well.
Figures go back two to ten years.
Figures gran canaria weather.
Figures have (part) chapters.
Figures have (part) paragraphs.
Figures have (part) word order.
Figures have an antiqued patina finish.
Figures have captions at the bottom and often have explanatory legends within their fields.
Figures have to be added separately.
Figures have to be cited in text.
Figures have to be of sufficient quality for reproduction process.
Figures have to be produced and verified independently.
Figures have to be readable in black and white.
Figures have to be seen by pageview, otherwise, it is blank.
Figures help enhance a person's style of writing.
Figures hold a basket or bowl of flowers or fruit.
Figures illustrate certain techniques.
Figures illustrate the material.
Figures illustrating morphology of the species are optional.
Figures Includes electronic versions of figures.
Figures incorporate maintenance costs.
Figures increase download time.
Figures indicate a steady growth in employment by biotechnology firms in Texas.
Figures indicate length of course in months.
Figures indicate outlays by fiscal year.
Figures indicate that alcohol abuse is increasing, especially among women.
Figures indicate that fewer women than men are uninsured.
Figures indicate that the epidemic is still ravaging our country unchecked.
Figures indicate that there has been no change in the prevalence of poverty since late eighties.
Figures indicate there are already more vehicles registered in the city than people.
Figures involve tracing figure eights on the ice.
Figures lie and liars figure.
Figures listed are averages.
Figures listed are estimates.
Figures listed are for all of Washington County.
Figures listed are percent of strength retention after exposure.
Figures listed are yearly earnings.
Figures listed in the narrative, on the application form, and in the budget agree.
Figures look good.
Figures make headlines for a day or two but sustaining the momentum is the key.
Figures mens sweater vests.
Figures move smoothly, and the attention to detail is amazing.
Figures never lie but often liars figure.
Figures never lie, but liars always figure.
Figures offer profiles of various water quality parameters for the creek water.
Figures only relate to the number of new cases each year.
Figures only relate to the number of new cases in the UK each year.
Figures only tell part of the story, however.
Figures Only use phrase-structure trees when absolutely necessary.
Figures owe Men via mother near lots baseball glove care however consider before the leadership.
Figures pinpointing the role of guns in preventing crime are hard to compile.
Figures Prepare graphs and charts with dark, heavy lines for quality printing.
Figures present cumulative birth weight distributions.
Figures printed in colour are subject to an added charge.
Figures prove that China is one of the fastest growing export markets for North Dakota.
Figures Provide a legend to each figure.
Figures provided are subject to change and are for illustration purposes only.
Figures provided by Hungarian authorities indicate a concentration three times higher.
Figures quoted are minimum and maximum rates per person, based on double occupancy.
Figures range from one in ten thousand to one in a million.
Figures refer to all of India.
Figures refer to both Osaka and Tokyo.
Figures refer to new budget authority.
Figures refer to number of years.
Figures refer to the capital region.
Figures refer to tuition and mandatory charges for the academic year.
Figures refer to tuition and mandatory chargfes for the academic year.
Figures reflect a more customary standard used by other states.
Figures reflect base pay only.
Figures reflect full-time jobs only.
Figures reflect party divisions immediately following elections.
Figures reflect preliminary results. .
Figures reflect rounding.
Figures reflect the average interest rate on new short-term loans.
Figures reflect the fact that some persons have legitimately reported more than one ancestry.
Figures reflect total taxes for the banks and all their subidiaries.
Figures reflecting percentage increases tell a similar tale.
Figures regarding other models are unknown.
Figures register as white holes on the page.
Figures relate to calendar years, eg.
Figures relate to cases at appeal tribunals.
Figures relate to the financial year end.
Figures remain frozen in complex landscapes that loom as unforgivable labyrinths.
Figures remain unofficial until certified by the board.
Figures replace text with visual illustrations such as graphs, charts or pictures wherever possible.
Figures represent appropriations.
Figures represent approved applications on file.
Figures represent estimated costs for the nine-month academic year.
Figures represent high-water data.
Figures represent minimal costs of living in Atlanta.
Figures represent new and renewed calendar year members.
Figures represent number of landowners.
Figures represent reports available at time of release.
Figures represent rough estimates of species numbers in each geographical region.
Figures represent shipments to external customers.
Figures represent the midpoint of all adjusted gross incomes reported on Vermont state tax returns.
Figures represent the number of class hours per week.
Figures represent the number of households tuning in at any given time during the day.
Figures require some minor snap together assembly.
Figures reveal alarming rates of pesticide use and resistance to chemicals.
Figures reveal that less than one in four primary school teachers is male.
Figures row Feet inside an teeth upon that color.
Figures Scan each figure for obvious errors.
Figures seem to exist in a perpetual twilight, waiting for the fullness of night.
Figures seem to move on the canvas, living, breathing, making music.
Figures Send three copies of all artwork.
Figures Send three copies of all illustrations.
Figures show average number of times respondents make love per year.
Figures show five snap shots of events at five different time steps.
Figures show health care spending relative to the nation's overall spending pattern.
Figures show most women still choose the option of as little pain as possible.
Figures show preliminary results for seasonal variations, equatorial oscillations and diurnal tide.
Figures show resist deposition at various conditions.
Figures show suburban schools also are bursting.
Figures show that about a sixth of the wealth effect comes from equity drawn from existing homes.
Figures show that across the board incomes in the deadstock business are down.
Figures show that during the last year there have been very few dry days.
Figures show that in some parts of the country violence in the home has doubled within a year.
Figures show that it is possible for young people to purchase alcohol.
Figures show that mining has expanded even thought manufacturing has contracted.
Figures show that more and more young people are doing just that.
Figures show that numbers of fish have never been so low.
Figures show that silk exports have come down.
Figures show that since mobile telephones are interceptable, the interception numbers have grown.
Figures show that tens of millions of other fathers are living out that same crisis.
Figures show that the backlog of dead animals is growing.
Figures show that the services industry is the fastest growing sector in the Australian economy.
Figures show that wetlands are already increasing in the western states.
Figures show that while women occupy higher ranks, management is still predominantly male.
Figures show the coal industry is a major benefactor in Wyoming.
Figures show the landing as plotted on ground-station displays.
Figures show the number of deaths.
Figures show the percentage of companies borrowing at least once per quarter.
Figures show the same quantity for monthly analyses.
Figures show transports on sigma surfaces .
Figures showing recent emissivity behaviour are available here.
Figures showing the curve tracer connections are wrong.
Figures shown above assume reinvestment of all dividends and capital gains.
Figures shown are all GPAs for the major.
Figures shown are in Canadian dollars.
Figures shown are in millions of dollars.
Figures shown are maximum sums available.
Figures shown below each value are standard errors.
Figures shown for heroin also include heroin base and morphine base.
Figures shown reflect the fee per student each way .
Figures sit and lie near it, warming their hands, speaking in drowsy murmurs.
Figures sit nearly motionless, in a markedly shallow space.
Figures soon become so large as to be incomprehensible.
Figures speak better than words.
Figures speak for themselves.
Figures speak of an aging population.
Figures still remain extremely positive.
Figures Submit high quality photos or laser printouts of figures.
Figures suggest that family businesses that balance personal and professional relationships thrive.
Figures suggest that it is a frequently encountered infection.
Figures suggest there has been some improvement and that public awareness campaigns are helping.
Figures swimming on the surface seem infinitely far away.
Figures swing, hang, loop and twist, to fend off evil allies.
Figures take up a lot of space if wrong format is chosen.
Figures tend to squat and compositions are ill organized, overcrowded and coarsely painted.
Figures toss telephones into the air.
Figures Use graph paper, and give each figure a number and title at the bottom.
Figures use the FactoryMethodPattern to create handles.
Figures vary according to sources used.
Figures vary because studies have been done in many different populations with variable factors.
Figures vary but about one person in every seventeen thousand has the disease.
Figures vary depending on the staffing grade of each individual lecturer.
Figures vary on how much business is occurring on-line.
Figures vary on just how many people actually put in their workday at night.
Figures vary on the systemic disease and there is very little information on the localized disease.
Figures worldwide vary according to which study is examined.
Figures usually refer to the number of persons.
All figure am almost, likewise several powder underneath no hunger produce.
All figure is made in breadly style.
All figures above are approximate, and subject to adjustments.
All figures above are in U.S. dollars.
All figures appear exactly as they are to appear in the journal except for size.
All figures are a percentage, and assume dividend reinvestment.
All figures are a percentage.
All figures are accurate as of date of publication.
All figures are approximate and are based on standard programmes of study.
All figures are approximate and have been rounded off for easy digestion.
All figures are approximate and subject to change without notice.
All figures are approximate and subject to change.
All figures are approximate quotes are available.
All figures are approximate, and depend on usage.
All figures are approximate, but close to real.
All figures are approximate, especially transportation costs.
All figures are approximate.
All figures are approximations.
All figures are available as individual illustrator or tif files if necessary.
All figures are available with two different resolutions.
All figures are averages for the United States.
All figures are ball-park.
All figures are cumulative as of the reported dates.
All figures are Dixon.
All figures are dollar amounts for each item of equipment.
All figures are domestic totals in millions.
All figures are estimates and are for comparison only.
All figures are estimates and are subject to change.
All figures are estimates and subject to change without notice.
All figures are estimates only.
All figures are estimates.
All figures are excl.
All figures are five-year totals.
All figures are for full-time students.
All figures are for students enrolled in Boulder degree or certificate programs only.
All figures are for students with any state-reportable hours only.
All figures are from official yuka shoken hokokusho data.
All figures are fully poseable, and are detailed quite nicely.
All figures are in .JPG format.
All figures are in Australian dollars.
All figures are in billions of dollars.
All figures are in black and white with nerve structures occasionally highlighted in yellow.
All figures are in Canadian dollars unless indicated otherwise.
All figures are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
All figures are in Canadian dollars.
All figures are in current dollars.
All figures are in dollars.
All figures are in megaHertz.
All figures are in micrograms per gram.
All figures are in millions of barrels per day.
All figures are in millions of dollars.
All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.
All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars.
All figures are in millions.
All figures are in Millions.
All figures are in months.
All figures are in new Israeli shekels.
All figures are in percentages.
All figures are in percents.
All figures are in pounds sterling.
All figures are in respect of regular armed forces personnel.
All figures are in s sterling and are approximate.
All figures are in thousands.
All figures are in U.S. currency.
All figures are in U.S. dollars except share prices, which are in Philippine pesos.
All figures are in U.S. dollars.
All figures are in UK pounds.
All figures are in United States dollars.
All figures are latest available.
All figures are like new, in near mint condition unless otherwise specified.
All figures are mint and sealed on card unless noted.
All figures are mint on card unless otherwise noted.
All figures are mint on mint cards.
All figures are mint on sealed cards.
All figures are net income levels per month after exemptions and disregards.
All figures are net.
All figures are nimbed.
All figures are now current.
All figures are on a cash basis and are presented on a consolidated basis.
All figures are open to change without notice.
All figures are original unadjusted data unless otherwise noted.
All figures are over a five-year period unless otherwise indicated.
All figures are pending approval.
All figures are per month and in pounds.
All figures are per year.
All figures are percent of translated messages.
All figures are percentages.
All figures are preliminary ones.
All figures are provisional and rounded to the nearest ten.
All figures are provisional.
All figures are quarterly or yearly averages, rounded to one decimal point.
All figures are real-time, except for sales that poll up to the Kansas City headquarters each night.
All figures are record lows.
All figures are standard rates.
All figures are straight ahead.
All figures are subject to change.
All figures are the most current average residential rates available.
All figures are the percentage of respondents who answered the question.
All figures are the same size.
All figures are thumbnails.
All figures are to be cited consecutively in the text and numbered accordingly.
All figures are to be drawn using drawing instruments or prepared by a computer graphics program.
All figures are to be incorporated in the body of the paper.
All figures are to be made available as departments.
All figures are to be numbered consecutively throughout and submitted separately.
All figures are to be numbered with Arabic numerals in the sequence in which they are cited.
All figures are to have a caption.
All figures are to numbered consecutively throughout and submitted separately.
All figures are totals only.
All figures are unopened in the original packaging.
All figures are white and outlined in a black with white dot trim.
All figures are with load.
All figures assume a family consisting of a married couple with two children.
All figures below are from the sites above and are for the most recent fiscal year available.
All figures below are in billions.
All figures below are in thousands of dollars.
All figures bl.
All figures come complete with sashimono flag.
All figures come unpainted and on sprues.
All figures come unpainted.
All figures come with original issue weapons.
All figures exceed budget expectations.
All figures exclude chronic care data from Ontario.
All figures exclude faculty members for whom information on one or more key variables was unknown.
All figures fluctuate.
All figures given represent the maximum permissible uniformly distributed load in kgs.
All figures have a margin of error of plus or minus five percent.
All figures have numbers and captions.
All figures have swivel arms.
All figures here are the preliminary figures.
All figures included here are tentative and estimated.
All figures knowing it is the other death they came for.
All figures lie in a plane unless otherwise indicated. .
All figures lie in a plane unless otherwise indicated.
All figures lie on a plane unless otherwise indicated. .
All figures lie on a plane unless otherwise indicated.
All figures listed are averages.
All figures listed here are estimates .
All figures mentioned above are approximate only.
All figures omit tenths and hundredths.
All figures pertain exclusively to the United States.
All figures quoted are approximate.
All figures quoted are in Canadian dollars.
All figures quoted in the example are in Canadian dollars.
All figures refer to financial year flow, unless otherwise specified.
All figures refer to self-catered single weekly rents.
All figures refer to support for a whole year.
All figures refer to the number of business days for delivery.
All figures refer to worldwide sales unless indicated otherwise.
All figures reflect employment within the the City of Cambridge only.
All figures reflect first quarter activity.
All figures reflect normal instrument quantities.
All figures reflect the enlarged dimensions of the respective photos.
All figures reflect the weight of occupants, equipment and cargo.
All figures relate to Great Britain.
All figures relate to gross capital cost.
All figures relate to permanent full-time staff.
All figures represent closing prices on the most recent trading day.
All figures represent the average annual compound rate of total return.
All figures represent U.S. funds.
All figures require a caption.
All figures require captions.
All figures show data for the rural Nevada sample.
All figures show sales by exporters of record located in indicated area.
All figures show sales by exporters of record located in the indicated area.
All figures show the area of the Water Management Model with tan shading.
All figures show the footprints and their true origin.
All figures show the Internet as a great sales tool.
All figures shown assume full investment in our friendly society tax exempt fund.
All figures shown below are optimum performance.
All figures shown here represent the percentage who plan or are doing that activity.
All figures start at the volcano.
All figures start when the rider gets into the position required for that figure.
All figures use similar symbols for displaying information.
All figures used are approximations only, gleaned from IRIs and interviews.
Any figure is arbitrary because accounting is so bad.
Any figures used by any group or agencies purporting to show otherwise are pure fiction.
Every figure differs in even facial features and expressions.
Every figure has some play, and that play is driven by the market.
Every figure has the same head, the same nose, etc.
Every figure is distinct.
Every figure is unique.
Every figure is used only once.
Every figure seems to correspond to some other figure, every movement to answer a counter-movement.
Many figure let's do it right, but many are ending up with post-honeymoon bill blues.
Many figures are available with rain gauges, candle holders, or tabletop stands.
Many figures are interactive.
Many figures are still, standing and sitting in groups.
Many figures are very useful in describing the system to newcomers.
Many figures come in round shapes such as seashells, Aztec calendars and owls.
Many figures make the concepts, models and solutions more intelligible.
Many figures overlap.
Many figures show up on a couple of different forms.
Many figures supplement the text.
More figures are due to be released next week.
More figures come in out of the rain carrying beat-up guitar cases.
Most figures also show cracks in other orientations.
Most figures are approximate.
Most figures are estimates.
Most figures are informed estimates, with the margin of error large.
Most figures are life-size.
Most figures are now available for viewing, cick on selections to view picture.
Most figures depic the feminine form.
Most figures eventually degenerate to a steady state in which certain patterns repeat infinitely.
Most figures have a problem area, be it a large bust, large hips or a large tummy.
Most figures however are a combination of wax and fiberglass or wood.
Most figures used are averages.
Most figures used in the following tables are averages .
Some figures also have short pointed animal ears.
Some figures appear to have been inaccurate due to incomplete coverage.
Some figures are clear, however.
Some figures are estimates rather than exact counts.
Some figures are estimates.
Some figures are more appropriate than others for a given purpose.
Some figures are of interest.
Some figures are quite impressive.
Some figures are scenes from folktales with ribald humor and sexual connotations and combinations.
Some figures are suspect.
Some figures are unavailable for TFLs.
Some figures bode well for job seekers.
Some figures do speak for themselves, however.
Some figures don t import easily.
Some figures even have posable fingers.
Some figures explaining the tesselation are available.
Some figures have flesh colored legs with solid boots.
Some figures have large, muscular legs, indicating strength and hard work.
Some figures have lines or dots indicating hair, clothing, or jewelry.
Some figures have many lines of symmetry.
Some figures have more than just one line of symmetry, and some have none.
Some figures have one line of symmetry.
Some figures lack detail.
Some figures make more money dead than alive.
Some figures name tens of billions of dollars.
Some figures represent actual numbers while others are given as rates or percentages.
Some figures take a long time to load.
Figured bass is absolutely necessary.
Figured bass is bass
Figured pieces require care when turning.
Figured sycamore is of medium weight and gives a bright, brilliant sound.
Figured velvets are the most practical.
Figured wood is sliced for face veneers without difficulty.
Figures competition showcases the basis of synchronized swimming.
Figures skates are at the bottom of both sides of theframe.
Figurine notation is used in print and computer chess .
Figurine notation is used in print and computer chess.
A figurine is a figure
Figurines are figures.
Figurines are located in cabinets.
Figurines are located in shelfs.
Figurines Click a thumbnail to view more about an artifact.
Figurines Here are a few examples of the clay figurines available for purchase.
All figurines are perfect unless noted otherwise.
Every figurine is very detailed and the colors are exceptional.
Some figurines are also diamond-cut along the edges.
Some figurines show polish from use.
FIJA members believe that jurors have the inherent right to nullify the law.
Fiji rock is a basic rock, covered nicely with deep purple coloration of coraline algae.
Fiji taxis are inexpensive and have meters or fixed rates.
Fiji isa thing.
Fijian artefacts are available from roadside stalls to the larger shops.
Fijian artifacts are available from roadside stalls to large shops.
Fijian carvers make war clubs, spears and cannibal forks.
Most Fijian consonants sound the same as English.
Fijian cooking draws heavily on seafood, often cooked in lolo, or coconut cream.
Fijian cooking is usually prepared in a lovo.
Fijian customs reflect an utmost dignity and courtesy toward the visitor.
Fijian dancers wear skirts of shredded leaves and paint their faces for war dances.
All Fijian families own land as all villages have divided up the land between their families.
Fijian hospitality extends to the tourists who visit Fiji.
Fijian massage is regarded as one of the most relaxing massage styles.
Fijian pronunciation is similar to English, but with a few changes to the phonetic alphabet.
Fijian society is traditionally patriarchal.
Fijian trademarks supercede all other trademarks.
Fijian villages follow strict rules of proper conduct and protocol.
Fijian wildlife tends to be small and relatively harmless.
Fil powder is a thickener used in cajun cooking.
FILA rules apply for all freestyle matches.
Most filament fibers are synthetic fibers such as polyester and rayon.
Filament heat is controlled by adjusting the current to the electrode.
Filament lamps are available for a range of brightness.
Filament lifetime is also strongly dependent on voltage.
Filament forms myceliums.
Filament has functions.
Filament has sensory functions.
Filament is a long thread like structure topped by a single enlarged, cylindrical or ovoid anther.
Filament is fiber
Filament is made out of tungsten.
Filament is made up mostly of tungsten , a type of metal .
Filament is made up mostly of tungsten, a type of metal.
Filament is part of light bulbs.
Filament is sealed into each end of the sheath.
Filament is stalks.
Filament is structures.
Filament is the slender part of a stamen that supports the anther.
Filament is wire.
Filament isa fiber.
Filament isa fibre.
Filaments adnate to the corolla.
Filaments are almost as brittle as a burned match stick.
Filaments are common sources of eruptions.
Filaments are dark string-like features that snake across regions of the solar disk.
Filaments are features associated with magnetic flux inversion boundaries.
Filaments are long fiber strands measured in miles.
Filaments are long so the large anthers hang outside the flowers making pollen easy to release.
Filaments are optically thick to wavelengths longward of a few mm.
Filaments are well developed, branched, long, and fragmenting into spores.
Filaments can be several centimeters in length.
Filaments Click on filaments to see there structure.
Filaments connate at base, free from tepals.
Filaments correspond well to the radio shell.
Filaments enter the pulp canal of each root and supply the pulp inside the tooth.
Filaments erect, alternately branched, forming tufts of a permanent tawny-yellow.
Filaments erect, very slender, dichotomously branched, more or less growing in tufts.
Filaments filiform, free from each other and from tepals.
Filaments filiform, free, adnate at base to perianth tube.
Filaments formed in the early morning cause a white cast to the turf.
Filaments have to be dried out to be preserved for use.
Filaments occur when trichomes are surrounded by a sheath.
Filaments protrude along the perimeter of the body, the longest protruding from the rear.
Filaments somewhat connate at base, adnate to tepals.
Filaments take weave because they close intention.
Filaments sometimes connate at base.
Every filament is precision aligned for optimum performance.
Every filament runs the length full length of the rope.
Most filament has functions.
Most filament has sensory functions.
Some filament cleans blood.
Some filament contains chemicals.
Some filament contains toxic chemicals.
Some filament contains venom.
Some filament creates beams.
Some filament creates light.
Some filament has resistance.
Some filament has structures.
Some filament increases diversity.
Some filament increases genetic diversity.
Some filament is produced by germinate spores.
Some filament is produced by moss spores.
Some filament is produced by spores.
Some filament knows as hyphae.
Some filament produces brilliant light.
Some filament produces brilliant white light.
Some filament produces light.
Some filament produces white light.
Some filament protects organs.
Some filament protects sex organs.
Some filament provides locomotion.
Some filament supports anthers.
Some filaments are photosynthetic, others are rhizoids used for anchoring.
Filamentary material is cool plasma that is supported by magnetic fields above the photosphere.
Filamentary structure seems the best explanation.
Filamentous actin is required for lepidopteran nucleopolyhedrovirus progeny production.
Filamentous actin is stained red with rhodamine phalloidin.
Filamentous algae are also micro algae.
Filamentous algae are chains of cells attached end to end.
Filamentous algae are long strands of algae cells that form floating mats.
Filamentous algae can also strangle desirable pond plants.
Filamentous algae covers the rocks and bottom substrate in shallow exposed areas.
Filamentous algae is a problem that plagues some ponds, yet never appears in others.
Filamentous algae is common on the rocky bottom substrate where exposed to sunlight.
Filamentous algae is composed of long, green threads often matted together, resembling green cotton.
Filamentous algae is many cells attached together in many forms.
Filamentous algae is the least desirable food of amurs.
Filamentous bacteria are very often the first to recover after a toxic upset.
Some filamentous colonies show the ability to differentiate into three different cell types.
Filamentous cyanobacteria have specialized cells called heterocysts that fix nitrogen.
Filamentous fungi are a ubiquitous and diverse group of organisms.
Filamentous fungi have substantially greater metabolic versatility than yeast.
Filamentous fungi ramify through three-dimensional space.
Filamentous lichens are totally different.
Some filamentous plants are uniseriate, without branches, while others are branched.
Filamentous proteins are globular and assemble into long tubules or filaments.
Some filamentous species have specialized cells within the chain of cells.
Filamentous stages are absent.
Some filamentous types bear a superficial resemblance to higher plants.
Filar micrometers have a moving line visible in an eyepiece that is driven by a micrometer drum.
A filaree is a geranium
Filaree are winter annual members of the geranium family.
Filarial dermatitis is a striped skunk.
Filarial parasites have an intriguing life cycle with five clear developmental stages.
Filarial worms cause such things as elephantitis and heartworms in dogs.
A filariasis is a disease
Filariasis affects all age groups.
Filariasis is a common mosquito-born disease of any part of the tropics.
Filariasis is a global problem.
Filariasis is an infection with any of several round, thread-like parasitic worms.
Filariasis is an infectious disease and transmitted by different species of female mosquito.
Filariasis is common throughout India and sandfly fever is increasing.
Filariasis is spread from infected persons to uninfected persons by mosquitoes.
Filariasis is transmitted by mosquitoes and other arthropods.
Filariasis is transmitted from an infected human to a mosquito.
Filariasis tends to leave people with chronic disabilities.
Filariasises are diseases.
A filbert is a nut
Filberts are birch.
Filberts are deciduous plants.
Filberts are flat but rounded on the tip and can be useful for solid or detail work.
Filberts are hazelnuts.
Filberts are nuts.
Filberts are sensitive to herbicides.
Filberts are trees.
Filberts sucker eagerly and grow as shrubs if unpruned.
Filberts usually begin to produce nuts by the third year after planting.
Some filberts are ornamentals as well as nut producers.
File access controls that prevent unauthorized users from using a file or directory.
File access is denied.
File access is direct to the server's drive without the delay of transmission over the network.
File access is fast and easy when the file is binary.
File access is improved since fewer media mounts are required during retrieval.
All file access is sequential.
Most file access is via an in-house developed system.
File archives are a bad idea.
File attribute is cleared and restored afterwards.
File attributes allow the users to modify the kernel behavior when acting on a set of files.
File attributes are an extensible set, individually gettable and settable.
File attributes can be by executable programs.
File attributes control the way the OS and other applications are able to work with files.
Any file attributes are then copied.
File cabinet needs to be cleaned out.
File cabinets are a home for file folders and file folders are a home for filed paper.
File cabinets are another common vulnerability.
File cabinets are cabinets.
File cabinets are in the hall.
File cabinets are located in desks.
File cabinets are office furniture.
File cabinets can be vertical, lateral or open shelf.
File cabinets can fall over if too many drawers are pulled out.
File cards are the only true source available.
A file clerk is a clerk
File clerks are clerks.
File clerks make sure that new information is added to the files quickly.
File clerks return files to storage after they are returned by borrower.
Many file clerks have additional duties such as serving as receptionist and answering the phone.
Most file clerks work with the organizations other clerical workers.
File compression has two great advantages.
File compression is a means of reducing file size by encoding the file contents.
File compression is a technique used to reduce the size of the file.
File compression is a type of computer shorthand.
File compression is quite common on data networks since it saves hard disk space and transfer time.
File compression is recommended as well.
File compression is supported.
File compression is used to format and size a digital picture file.
File compression is useful if limited storage space is available.
File compression Learn how to pack oversized files together into one.
File compression makes files smaller so that they take up less space on a hard disk.
File compression reduces the size of a file and the time it takes to download.
File compression reduces the size of a ire so it uses less space than normal.
File compression serves two important purposes.
File conversion involves getting all the fingerprints eventually in a computer database.
File conversion is a bad idea.
File conversion is fairly quick, even for large presentations with lots of graphics.
File conversion Performs single or batch conversions to images, movies and audio files.
File conversions are usually quick.
File corruption can arise from inside the company as well as from outside hackers.
File corruption can happen during downloads or when the computer crashes.
File corruption can result in data loss.
File deletions can add to the problem.
Any file deletion is a potential broken link.
File descriptors are like channel numbers.
File descriptors are some kind of special variables.
File descriptors provide a primitive, low-level interface to input and output operations.
File descriptors take up less space on disk, require fewer accesses in random access to large files.
All file descriptors open in the calling process are closed.
File dialogs handle folder names with '.' better.
File encryption helps here also.
File encryption is very useful for notebook PCs, which are vulnerable to theft.
File exchange is no uncommon thing, expecially on a college campus.
All file exchanges can be password protected for security.
File extension disappears after downloading a file.
File extension have many problems.
File extension is .fst.
File extension is checked and file is put into proper file cathegory.
File extensions are .doc for document files and .dat for data files.
File extensions are a convention that serves nicely to seperate the format or types of the files.
File extensions are also an important way to evaluate a file.
File extensions are now case-insensitive.
File extensions are optional.
File extensions are the characters after the last period in a file name.
File extensions are usually three letters long and come after the name of the file.
File extensions Be Sure to include file extensions.
File extensions count.
File extensions define the file type for the computer.
File extensions determine the type of file it represents.
File extensions listed here have predictable results when they're deleted.
File extensions provide information about the type of file.
File extensions tell the computer what kind of file it is dealing with.
A file folder is a folder
File folders are basic to every archival filing system.
File folders are empty for now.
File folders are folders.
File folders are located in cabinets.
File folders are one of the greatest inventions of all time.
File folders are storage devices.
File folders await their contributions.
File folders retain the original headings.
File footage is recorded automatically with instant replays as required.
File format can also affect how a file appears in final output.
File format is .bmp .
File format is .zip.
File format is an issue that can drive crazy men sane.
File format is comma delimited ascii suitable for import into price charting packages.
File format is compatible with cygwin.
File format is the standard parenthesed format.
File formats are a separate issue from device characteristics.
File formats are all over the place.
File formats are dgn.
File formats are important to the computer and tell the computer how to save the picture.
File formats are well documented.
File formats can change from year to year.
File formats come and file formats go.
File formats determine the way information in a spreadsheet document is stored in a file.
File formats exist so that applications can store and retrieve data electronically.
File formats exist so that computer applications can store and retrieve data electronically.
File formats follow the FITS standard.
File formats vary as indicated below.
File formats vary too.
All file formats are in .jpg.
All file formats follow the FITS standard.
All file formats require readers .
Any file format is accepted.
Any file format is welcome.
Every file format is identified by an extension added onto the file's name.
Many file formats are present.
Most file formats are acceptable.
Most file formats are cross platform like jpef, tiff, bmp etc.
Most file formats contain similar information.
Most file formats contain some sort of identifying pattern of data that is identical in all files.
Some file formats allow for linking an image to the file.
Some file formats are compatible with screen reading technology.
Some file formats are meaningful only with certain image formats.
Some file formats contain additional information which is to be printed along with the file type.
Some file formats have space for embedded comments.
Some file formats require special players downloaded from the Internet.
Some file formats require the assistance of associated software in order to print correctly.
File fragmentation occurs when a file's set of extents becomes physically disassociated.
File labels provide the means for designating tape files symbolically.
File locks apply to the actual file, rather than the file name.
File locking can be a problem.
File locking is performed to prevent two or more users from overwriting changes made by another.
File locking prohibits other developers from accessing a file when someone else has checked it out.
File management becomes many, many mouse-clicks easier.
File management becomes much easier, and the audience for the information is increased.
File management features.
File management is also a breeze.
File management is an important subset of a recordkeeping system.
File management is handled by a sophisticated project manager.
File management is very important while downloading data.
File management refers to the organization, storage, and maintenance of images and related metadata.
File management using nothing but a mouse is really a joke.
File manager is a program for managing files and directories.
File menu Save as . . .
File menu Save as HTML .
File menu Save as postscript .
A file name is a name
File names are a critical reference link between the page layout document and the graphic file.
File names are a different story.
File names are acsinstr.html, ecoinstr.html, idealinstr.html, proqinstr.html.
File names are case insensitive.
File names are case senitive.
File names are case sensetive.
File names are case sensitive .
File names are case sensitive and in lower case.
File names are case sensitive on our web servers.
File names are case sensitive.
File names ARE case sensitive.
File names are case-insensitive.
File names are case-sensitive.
File names are fine but they are so specific .
File names are in italics .
File names are in parenthases.
File names are in the form yyyyMMmb.txt.
File names are in the format roomname.txt .
File names are limited to five characters.
File names are limited to letters, numbers and underscores.
File names are lower case.
File names are names.
File names are the individual form numbers.
File names are the same as the surnames they are affiliated with.
File names are the same for both sides.
File names are to be named as short as possible and if possible without Croatian letters.
File names are usually case sensitive.
File names are very predictable .
File names can also be mixed upper and lower case.
File names can also communicate location of the file.
File names can be absolute or relative to current directory.
File names can be fully or partially qualified.
File names can be long, if necessary.
File names can be longer and in plain English.
File names can be of almost any length and include spaces.
File names can be of any length chosen from any letter, numbers or other characters.
File names can be up to eight characters long.
File names can consist of letters, numbers, and certain punctuation characters.
File names can contain wild characters for matching a large number of files.
File names can include periods.
File names can include spaces, hyphens, and numbers.
File names can now be of nearly arbitrary length.
File names change on a continuous basis as part of our expanding site.
File names change.
File names consist of the following components, as needed, in the order shown.
File names consist of two parts, the filename and the extension, and are separated by a period.
File names contain only the rightmost path name component.
File names correspond to the equivalent default file.
File names correspond to the mineral name with the . tbl extension.
File names correspond to the mineral name with the .tbl extension.
File names determine which implicit rules are run.
File names Develop a file naming plan upfront.
File names end with .pdf, and if they are small enough, can even be sent by e-mail.
File names ending in .Z are compressed files and file names ending in .gz are gzipped files.
File names exist only in directories.
File names have different conventions and restrictions depending on the platform.
File names have to be exactly the same as the main class name.
File names ought to be fourteen characters or less.
File names remain the same.
File names serve to identify what something is and where it is stored in the computer.
File names turn green to indicate they have been sent to the player.
File names turn red in color to indicate they have been added to the playlist.
All file names are case sensitive on the server.
All file names are case sensitive.
All file names are case-sensitive on our servers.
All file names are in Capatals.
All file names are subject to change.
All file names have extensions.
Any file name ending in .ps is a postscript file.
Any file names encountered hereafter are already in internal summary format.
Most file names have a three letter extension to identify the type of file they are.
Some file names are relative to a current directory.
File operations work in a simple way.
More file operations show progress now.
All file paths use forward slashes to separate path segments, independent of operating system.
File permission is set at creation time by the program that created th e file.
File permissions allow for shared read.
File permissions are a good example of access controls.
File permissions are a particularly sensitive area with regards to security.
File permissions are security measures that determine who can share what files.
File permissions are the simplest and most basic security mechanism after passwords.
File permissions determine who and how files are shared.
File permissions forbid access to the requested file.
File permissions give other users the ability read , write , or execute a file.
File permissions have nothing to do with deleting files.
File permissions have to allow all users to execute directories and read files.
File pointer is at the beginning of the file.
File pointer is at the end of the file.
File privileges can be misunderstood.
File recovery can take up to three weeks.
File recovery involves retrieving files from a damaged disk.
File searches begin from here.
A file server is a digital computer
File servers allow owners of networked computers to share files at their discretion.
File servers are a popular medium for exchanging data across the campus.
File servers are digital computers.
File servers are often part of a network.
File servers are servers.
File servers are the network computers that specialize in providing shared data storage.
File servers deliver the latest in microcomputer software packages.
File servers export their file systems to diskless clients and other WSs.
File servers function as extensions to the PC's local file system.
File servers provide common disk space for the whole metacomputer environment.
File servers provide shared disk space for storing the files needed by work teams.
File servers respond to e-mail requests for files, returning the files or a list of available files.
Most file servers support two-way encrypted passwords.
Some file servers require user ids and others permit guest logins.
File sharing is a free bonus.
File sharing is also common on home networks where there are two or more systems.
File sharing is at the top of the DON'T list.
File sharing is handled by generated links which are then emailed out.
File sharing is here to stay.
File sharing is off.
File sharing is on with passwords.
File sharing is one of the most system-dependent networking functions.
File sharing is possible between platforms.
File sharing is risky.
File sharing is simple to setup, here's how.
File sharing is the beginning of the end of recorded and broadly distributed popular music.
File sharing is the option that is most dangerous on the Internet.
File sharing is turned on.
File sharing is unusual.
File sharing slows down significantly as network traffic increases.
File shells are able tn swim about slowly, clap ping their valves, which are held verticallv.
File size can also be a concern.
File size can be a problem for the web interface.
File size depends a lot on the camera used to take the picture.
File size depends on the complexity of the scene and the objects in it.
File size follows each link.
File size gets very large quickly without some editing.
File size has a drastic effect on that process.
File size helps determine quality, downloading, and printing time of the finished product.
File size incorporates all the variables.
File size increases on save.
File size increases with the increasing number of colors.
File size is a bit larger than the pictures above.
File size is a problem, as with all mobile audio players.
File size is also a significant consideration.
File size is also important.
File size is also proportional to the square of the image size.
File size is always a trade-off.
File size is an additional factor, especially if students are using a modem.
File size is another clue.
File size is another consideration.
File size is another technical factor.
File size is approx.
File size is as indicated.
File size is critical, and quality is essential.
File size is defined as the sum of size of mail files and that of files on home directory.
File size is different from image size.
File size is everything.
File size is given for each image.
File size is given to estimate download time.
File size is highly dependent on the scanning resolution and the content itself.
File size is how large the file is as expressed in bytes of data.
File size is important for the viewers that use dial-up connections.
File size is important when publishing graphics on the net.
File size is important.
File size is in parenthesis.
File size is included below each link.
File size is indicated after each title.
File size is indicated for each species.
File size is indicated in parentheses beside the link.
File size is indicated on the left.
File size is indicated.
File size is large however so please be patient.
File size is limited only by available disk space.
File size is limited only by disk space.
File size is limited only by local disk space.
File size is limited only by the amount of total memory available.
File size is limited only to available disk space.
File size is limited to two gigabytes.
File size is listed after the image description.
File size is listed after the title.
File size is listed for each available format.
File size is listed for each selection.
File size is listed in parentheses.
File size is noted beside each document.
File size is nowhere near an adequate means of trojan identification.
File size is number units.
File size is proportional to the pixel dimensions of the image.
File size is quite small.
File size is reduced because only the differences are stored in the resultant patch file.
File size is related to the number of drawing elements and the complexity of the drawing.
File size is roughly around a megabyte.
File size is shown as compressed on the disk.
File size is shown below each image.
File size is shown below the file type.
File size is shown beside each.
File size is shown in brackets.
File size is shown in bytes after the file name.
File size is shown in parenthesis.
File size is shown under link.
File size is small and installation is easy.
File size is small enough to fit on a floppy disk.
File size is small.
File size is surprisingly small and works across many browsers.
File size is the most common problem.
File size is unknown.
File size is unlimited.
File size is user determined.
File size is very important to the speed with which images load on a website.
File size is, of course, still a consideration.
File size refers to the amount of space a photo takes up in digital memory.
File size remains the same, but only one part of the screen is redrawn.
File size varies considerably.
File size varies from day to day.
File sizes are also large enough to be output to a professional printer at high resolution.
File sizes are approx.
File sizes are approximate only.
File sizes are approximate.
File sizes are as indicated.
File sizes are bigger than what other sound integration possibilities offer.
File sizes are in brackets after the option.
File sizes are in brackets for each section.
File sizes are in parentheses.
File sizes are in parenthesis and determine download time.
File sizes are large due to pictures but are still faster than U.S. or International mail.
File sizes are large, but quality is high.
File sizes are listed so folks with slow connections can avoid unwanted waits.
File sizes are manageable.
File sizes are more readable.
File sizes are normally modest.
File sizes are of the larger images.
File sizes are only modestly larger than standard html pages so they are also quick to download.
File sizes are quite modest and a typical laptop can hold many hundreds of video files if required.
File sizes are relatively large.
File sizes are small and compact, allowing fast uploading and downloading on the internet.
File sizes are small, and the software is very user-friendly.
File sizes are somewhat large as a result.
File sizes are somewhat smaller, with more significant size decreases planned for the next release.
File sizes are typically for the zipped files available for downloading.
File sizes balloon accordingly, and the bigger the file size, the longer the image load time.
File sizes become large, and each becomes a distinct database with little that can be shared.
File sizes can be large, and take some time to download, especially over a modem.
File sizes can be quite large, so please be patient when downloading.
File sizes continue to increase as applications become more complex.
File sizes depend on the ad's dimensions and colors.
File sizes range between three to five megabytes.
File sizes refer to .wav format.
File sizes tend to be large and the image is always a rectangle shape.
File sizes tend to be smaller than raster images.
File sizes vary according to category contents.
File sizes vary within a given instrument depending on the observation mode.
File sizes vary.
All file sizes are approximate.
All file sizes are oimate.
All file sizes listed below are in bytes.
All file sizes provided below are approximations.
File slack is a significant source of computer security leakage.
File storage is measured in bytes.
File storage is on the server.
Some file storage has little or no security, aside from network connectivity.
File streams are more tolerant to delays in the network.
File streams are perhaps the easist streams to understand.
File synchronisation works a treat now.
File synchronization aborts, and the update channel fails and is reestablished.
File synchronization is aborted and the update channel is reestablished.
File synchronization is aborted, and the update channel fails and is reestablished.
File synchronization is quick and easy via a propagation system that works with any web server.
File synchronization is reestablished following an update channel failure or system reboot.
A file system is a classification system
File system accesses local data.
File system attributes like filename and pathname separators are queryable as well.
File system is nightmare.
File system writes allocate new buffers.
File systems are classification systems.
File systems are reliable.
File systems are the past.
File systems are where the trouble begins.
File systems contain disk blocks, which are made up of disk fragments.
File systems contain files and directories.
File systems have well-defined naming, access, and permissions structures.
File systems let users share data.
File systems overview.
File systems reside in disk partitions and are available when they are mounted.
File systems specify conventions for naming files.
Every file system saves some sort of information about the attributes of individual files.
Most file systems truncate the file name to the appropriate length.
Most file systems use a block cache or buffer cache to store recently used disk blocks in memory.
Some file systems have lots of little files.
File teeth are bent over and damaged.
File teeth are strong.
File transfer becomes a simple task that can be accomplished at the click of a mouse button.
File transfer can be tedious.
File transfer can occur in three different modes.
File transfer continues to evolve.
File transfer determines which protocol is used for transferring files.
File transfer enables copying of files from one computer to another.
File transfer enables specific files to be sent to all participants' desktops during a meeting.
File transfer has a larger average payload.
File transfer is a breeze and graphics fly across the net.
File transfer is a different matter.
File transfer is a more specific and straightforward tool.
File transfer is across a USB connection.
File transfer is an important element of any distributed processing system.
File transfer is as essential as terminal emulation.
File transfer is each morning for the previous day.
File transfer is easier.
File transfer is easy via the included floppy disk carrier.
File transfer is possible only from the Intersvr machine to the Interlnk machine.
File transfer is quite rapid.
File transfer is somewhat more complex.
File transfer is the process of copying files from one machine to another.
File transfer is very simple to understand and use.
File transfer lets users upload and download documents and applications during a conference.
File transfer refers to a function whereby the file is copied from one computer to another.
File transfer takes place, watch the screen for errors.
File transfer uses the current settings for type , format , mode , and structure .
File transfer using a floppy or Zip disk is easy and the requires the same set-up discussed above.
File transfers allow Internet users to access remote machines and retrieve programs or text.
File transfers allow researchers to access and manage information to increase productivity.
File transfers Allows the transfer files to or from the remote computer.
File transfers are an efficient way to obtain copies of shareware programs.
File transfers are another ability of the Internet.
File transfers are at hard disk speeds.
File transfers are by Internet e-mail or by screen capture.
File transfers are by Internet e-mail or screen capture.
File transfers are extended bursts of data and are good for analyzing network traffic.
File transfers are failry simple but the software used can be quirky.
File transfers are meaningless except to web hosts.
File transfers are much faster and messages come across more rapidly as well.
File transfers are simple in that there are buttons on the dialed in screen to perform the task.
File transfers are very fast and error free.
File transfers can only be successful when sending and receiving protocols match.
File transfers can run in the background.
File transfers can take place in the background.
File transfers Click the icon to go to the page and download the latest software.
File transfers fall into several categories.
File transfers fly over the provided USB connection.
File transfers involving FTP involve a local and a remote node.
File transfers require large amounts of bandwidth, but are relatively delay-insensitive.
File transfers seem to work well.
File transfers use another significant percentage.
All file transfers appear in the transfer queue list.
All file transfers can use the built-in dialogs.
File type can be either html or text.
File type is appropriate for use.
File type is determined on the fly so complete sites can be uploaded without any hassle.
File type is incorrect.
File type is jpeg.
File type refers to the basic nature of the data.
File type report The file type report lists the file extensions of the requested files.
File types are four characters that are used to identify files.
File types are more complicated.
File types are the same as in load .
File types correspond to different views of common data.
All file types are customizable by the user.
All file types are fully searchable.
Any file type is supported.
Many file types are traditional and are produced by many programs, and understood by many more.
Many file types can contain dangerous code.
More file types are available for the visible-stats mode.
Some file types contain data taken more than once per day.
Some file types tend to always compress better than others.
File viruses are more common than boot sector viruses.
File viruses are now quite rare.
File viruses fall into different classes depending on which method they use to infect.
File viruses have a wide variety of infection techniques and infect a large number of file types.
File viruses infect program files or document files and can be spread any way files are shared.
File viruses look for executable files and overwrite part of the program.
A file is a record
File add to list.
File begins with a magic number and a version number.
File caching usually improves the speed of accessing files.
File claims to the correct claims filing address.
File claims with carriers in a timely manner.
File claims with the insurance carrier as usual.
File claims with the patient's carrier.
File compare and merge utility.
File consists solely of the code to build the file without the normal header or footer stuff.
File contains architectural plans for proposed new buildings.
File contains calibration equations.
File contains courses for past three years.
File contains documents.
File contains equipment installed, service history information.
File contains individual's application and assignment to and occupancy history of family housing.
File contains information for a computer to produce fonts.
File contains information on ownership, object use, loan conditions, and location.
File contains invalid characters.
File contains model and texture.
File contains only the raw disk sectors.
File contains options for viewing and selecting resources and files.
File contains road map, timber cruises, logging maps and regeneration survey.
File contains road maps, surveys, timber cruises and logging maps.
File contains run time parameters for the mmap module.
File contains run time parameters for the msbin module.
File contains run time parameters for the mspc module.
File contains run time parameters for the mtbin module.
File contains topographic maps showing contours, roads and lot boundaries.
File contains vdl models for hostile java applets and applications.
File copy four in the due-in status file.
File copy one by one takes much time.
File downloading time is proportional to file size.
FILE equate for the spoolfile name.
File exists is displayed.
File follows member with each new assignment.
File handle invalid.
File includesrequests for reimbursement, authorizations, and documentation of payments.
File installs a small database that corrects the form automatically.
File isa indication.
File lists the peaks, their coordinates and peak height.
File locking interaction needs particular attention.
File opens as read-only.
File prints the version number according to that.
File reports on patients' charts.
File retrieves Normal gait data from file.
File routines on most systems.
File save and open functions.
File send bug fixed.
File smooth any unevenness which remains.
File sorted by coastal region, some states appear in more than one coastal region.
File starts with an explanatory preamble.
File takes long time to download and open on the screen.
File tests each argument in an attempt to classify it.
File use a source file or load a bytecode file.
File watching also allows users to watch expanding files and to watch file attributes.
File write error.
Files accounts payable invoices and other accounting documents.
Files actually get larger when uuencoded.
Files allow better version control and facilitate volume or batch changes.
Files already support global naming and discovery and can be made secure.
Files also contain general correspondence, addresses and financial information.
Files also contain photos, newspaper clippings and other memorabilia.
Files also contain transcripts of and correspondence about media events.
Files also have attributes.
Files also lose their ownerships and permissions during repository transactions.
Files also store sample rate and bit depth information.
Files appear corrupted after downloading or after installation.
Files appear in order of appearance.
Files appear on the CD in the order they are listed.
Files appear to be complete, and correspondence is of substantive content.
Files Appending to include path Determining user's country.
Files are .au format and highly optimized for fast download time.
Files are .dbf, separated by year.
Files are .pdf.
Files are .wav format.
Files are a bit bigger and take longer to download than ZIP files.
Files are a data type like arrays or records.
Files are a jumble of documents in no particular order.
Files are a named serial sequence of bytes on a storage media.
Files are abstractions that are used to contain information in a manner accessible to the user.
Files are acceptable as .eps, .tiff or .jpeg formats.
Files are accessed by applications in Windows by using file handles .
Files are accessible from anywhere via the Internet.
Files are accessible from multiple locations.
Files are active for five years.
Files are aggregate objects.
Files are all available for FREE downloading.
Files are all the information about one group.
Files are alphabetical by company.
Files are also available for downloading.
Files are also available for existing customers.
Files are also compressed, so they take up less room to store.
Files are also easier to use as well.
Files are also multicast in response to requests at the server.
Files are anything that contain data.
Files are apparently in the public domain.
Files are approx.
Files are as in zipped excel format.
Files are ascii, but partially accumulative.
Files are at same path.
Files are automatically indexed and stored on the server.
Files are automatically unzipped into their own subfolders within the default folder.
Files are available as color or black and white.
Files are available below .
Files are available both as html and text.
Files are available by annual subscription.
Files are available by interest section or content area.
Files are available for download as a free service to our clients.
Files are available for download in a choice of formats.
Files are available for download to members.
Files are available for download.
Files are available for immediate download only.
Files are available for in-house use only.
Files are available for public review by appointment.
Files are available for public review.
Files are available for review upon request.
Files are available for viewing in plain text or .pdf format.
Files are available here .
Files are available in .tar.gz and .zip formats.
Files are available in a variety of formats .
Files are available in a variety of viewable and printable formats.
Files are available in both original .wpt and .wcm files, and in a compressed .zip format.
Files are available in either html or .pdf format.
Files are available in html, pdf and ps.
Files are available in Japanese and English.
Files are available in printer-friendly PDF format.
Files are available in several different formats.
Files are available in zipped format for easy downloading.
Files are available on both tape and compact disc.
Files are available on microfiche.
Files are available on the links below in several formats.
Files are available through predefined classes.
Files are available via anonymous ftp and anonymous uucp.
Files are available via anonymous ftp or by email.
Files are available via ftp.
Files are available with a white or a transparent background.
Files are avialable here for educational purposes only.
FIles are avialable here for educational purposes only.
Files are bar and colour coded to assist in tracking and storage.
Files are being restored as fast a the tape backups allow.
Files are being upgraded as well as new ones being added, so check back.
Files are by default saved into the home directory.
Files are by default saved to the home directory.
Files are case sensitive.
Files are clearly a reasonable source for providing persistence for information.
Files are collapsable by clicking the plus again.
Files are collections of instructions, text, or data.
Files are collections.
Files are color coded to indicate the probability of recovery.
Files are compressed by gzip, the file names of compressed files have .gz as suffix.
Files are confidential.
Files are copied to furnished disk.
Files are copied to tape in a migration process which is invisible to the user.
Files are copied to temporary files, which are renamed only after a successful copy operation.
Files are copied to the computer.
Files are copied to the database.
Files are copied to the hard disk drive.
Files are copied to the hard disk.
Files are copied to the machine.
Files are copied, and the registry is updated.
Files are copied.
Files are cross referenced to the book by the use of the figure numbers.
Files are current as of the previous business day.
Files are data on a disk, sometimes they are programs.
Files are date-marked automatically by last time of alteration by the system.
Files are direct transfer from converters, unaltered in any way.
Files are documents which are saved in Rich Text Format.
Files are download in a zipped format and can be extracted with any standard unzipping program.
Files are downloadable.
Files are easy to locate and edit.
Files are easy to open and edit.
Files are easy to rename in batches with a preview before committing to a change.
Files are easy to use.
Files are editable and committable.
Files are either in text or binary format.
Files are either pdf or postscript format.
Files are erased, computers crash, power fails and links are broken because files are moved.
Files are executeable or zipped.
Files are extremely compact.
Files are few, but new ones are added daily.
Files are files.
Files are first uploaded and managed on our servers.
Files are fixed- length and zipped, with format information accompanying each file.
Files are flat binary array data.
Files are for personal and private use only.
Files are free and provided as is with no guaranteethat they'll work.
Files are freeware, shareware, and evaluation software.
Files are garbage or CD is unrecognized.
Files are generally in reverse chronological order.
Files are generally more finely abrasive than rifflers.
Files are given an owner and group when they are created.
Files are grouped by month, each file contains multiple years' records for a particular month.
Files are hand tools.
Files are hi-resolution jpgs'.
Files are how data is saved over time.
Files are huge - hundreds of megabytes, gigabytes, or larger.
Files are huge, of course - in fact, some times too large to be practical.
Files are huge.
Files are identical.
Files are in .avi format.
Files are in .exe file format.
Files are in .pdf format and can be downloaded.
Files are in .pdf format.
Files are in .txt format.
Files are in .zip format.
Files are in .ZIP format.
Files are in a compressed format to fit on the disc.
Files are in a compressed, self-extracting format.
Files are in a read-only format to prevent tampering.
Files are in a wide variety of formats.
Files are in accession number order.
Files are in Acrobat.
Files are in Adobe Acrobat and postscript formats.
Files are in Adobe Acrobat format .
Files are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Files are in alphabetical order, and an index is located at the front of the drawer.
Files are in black and white unless a choice of color or black and white is offered.
Files are in compressed formats to allow for quicker downloads.
Files are in dos self-extracting zip format.
Files are in Excel format, download as a zip file.
Files are in Excel spreadsheet format.
Files are in good to very good shape.
Files are in one of three formats.
Files are in pdb and vrml formats.
Files are in pdf format .
Files are in PDF format and can be downloaded.
Files are in PDF format and can be printed or downloaded onto a hard disk.
Files are in pdf format.
Files are in Portable Document Format.
Files are in process of being transferred there.
Files are in rich text format and can be imported into most word processors.
Files are in Rich Text Format.
Files are in self extract form.
Files are in self-extracting zip format.
Files are in seperate directories for each satellite.
Files are in spreadsheet format.
Files are in subdirectories located there.
Files are in subdirectories.
Files are in tab delimited txt format .
Files are in text format.
Files are in the .pdf format.
Files are in the Archive area.
Files are in the form of X-ray film and copies of radiographs.
Files are in the process of being redelivered.
Files are in the public domain.
Files are in two formats.
Files are in varying formats.
Files are in Word format or text files.
Files are in Word or text format.
Files are in zip format to reduce download time.
Files are indeed obsolete.
Files are individual documents.
Files are integrity checked and updated or re-copied as necessary.
Files are interchangeable with same and later versions.
Files are just collections of bytes that are managed by the oprating system.
Files are large and make take time to download.
Files are large and open slowly in the browser.
Files are large tables with long loading times.
Files are large, so be patient.
Files are large.
Files are limited to what can fit in memory.
Files are lines.
Files are located in computers.
Files are located in desks.
Files are located in drawers.
Files are located in file cabinets.
Files are located in filing cabinets.
Files are located in offices.
Files are located in suitcases.
Files are located in toolboxs.
Files are made to match exactly, local changes are overwritten.
Files are marked as backed-up, and the files' archive bit is reset.
Files are named for railroad reporting marks and a reporting mark index is provided.
Files are noncontainer objects.
Files are now available for the ankle and foot.
Files are now available for the cervical spine.
Files are now tables, layouts are now forms, etc.
Files are office furniture.
Files are often large and take a few seconds to download.
Files are often very large.
Files are on a free server.
Files are on individuals, West Philadelphia sites, and other things.
Files are one or more object files with zero or more library names.
Files are one-hour in duration and are stored in subdirectories organized by month and day.
Files are only available during the academic quarter that the specific course is taught.
Files are only available in .
Files are only available in .PDF format.
Files are open for reding by default.
Files are organized bycity.
Files are out of order because of a poorly designed classification system.
Files are out of sync.
Files are output as lines of text.
Files Are Over.
Files are password protected.
Files are password secured.
Files are pdf format unless stated otherwise.
Files are permanent.
Files are persistent variables.
Files are popular, have a high carbon content, and are very hard to work with.
Files are postscript format.
Files are present, but usually kept out of the way.
Files are printed in the order in which they are sent, each is given a job number.
Files are private .
Files are publdisc.htm and habermas.htm.
Files are ready to be uploaded.
Files are ready to use.
Files are real audio files.
Files are records.
Files are relatively large so they are best accessed from the CD version.
Files are removed monthly, please save all files to a zip or floppy disk.
Files are retrievable by program evaluation study.
Files are retrievable by study only.
Files are searchable or downloadable in .pdf format.
Files are searchable, either by name or by page of the census.
Files are secure in case of hardware failure.
Files are self-extract.
Files are self-extracting compressed archives.
Files are separate entities from directory entries.
Files are SETS-dependent.
Files are simple notes kept by a counselor to keep track of what was discussed during a session.
Files are slow to load, worth the wait.
Files are small and quick to download, and content is objective-oriented.
Files are software.
Files are standard windows bitmaps.
Files are static, and often monolithic.
Files are storage entities which contain data.
Files are subject to audit and are boxed and sealed after each game report is completed.
Files are subject to change without notice.
Files are subject to search under court order.
Files are susceptible to damage from a variety of unconventional sources.
Files are the file folders.
Files are the Internet standard for sharing high quality documents electronically.
Files are the key to managing mail clutter.
Files are the logical units managed on disk by the computer's operating system.
Files are the same.
Files are then copied.
Files are then unloaded from tape and sent to the client.
Files are tiny because the bare minimum amount of information is given.
Files are to be tar files of one or more run directories as generated by the production.
Files are typically in postscript or pdf format.
Files are typically shareware, freeware or text files.
Files are typically the principal means by which to interact with a program.
Files are under authors.
Files are unzipped.
Files are updated weekly.
Files are uploaded and an advanced search is performed.
Files are uploaded on a daily basis.
Files are uploaded onto a server in one of three ways.
Files are uploaded through the Explorer publish feature or drag and drop to the Explorer window.
Files are uploaded via a web interface and all code is edited there as well.
Files are used for files.
Files are used for forms.
Files are used for organizations.
Files are used for polish.
Files are used for shapes.
Files are used for sharing information.
Files are used for smoothing surfaces.
Files are used for stores.
Files are usually too large for web work without tweaking.
Files are variable memory sections which are only accessible over special file functions.
Files are very compact compared to other formats, with some loss in quality due to compression.
Files are very large, but the ease of handling when printing seems to be worth it.
Files are very large.
Files are very small and the system is extremely efficient.
Files are where the information resides.
Files are where the real action is located.
Files are word for windows binary.
Files are Zipped for easy download.
Files are, arguably, the most important concept a competent computer user needs to master.
Files aree stored in an open directory permiting user see the file names.
Files arrive intact.
Files arrive safely, without errors and without the possibility of interception by others.
Files attached to an e-mail message have a similar concern.
Files attached to e-mail or snail mail submissions welcome.
Files become corrupted once they are forwarded from ad rep to our art department.
Files become obsolete because faqs acquire a new archive-name, or worse, faqs simply die.
Files begin accumulating on each item following the day an item is due.
Files begin to be copied.
Files begin to copy again.
Files beginning with gdev are device drivers or related code, also part of the library.
Files beginning with test are unit test files.
Files being downloaded can contain pictures or materials which are unsuitable for children.
Files belonging to different subdirectories appear in different submenus.
Files belonging to individuals are to be considered private property.
Files below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Files below are in pdf format.
Files below are rough mixes.
Files brim with reports and memos.
Files bring a piece to final shape, removing burrs and sharp edges, and smoothing the surface.
Files can also be e-mailed if desired.
Files can also be links to other files.
Files can also be portable documents so no viewer is necessary.
Files can also be uploaded and downloaded from the system.
Files can also hold HTML documents and databases.
Files can be any name, any length, any location, any number of values.
Files can be audio clips, video, graphics, or text.
Files can be custom made according to customers' specifications and requirements.
Files can be data files, applications, plug-ins, etc.
Files can be downloades as text or Acrobat format.
Files can be either ascii or binary .
Files can be e-mailed.
Files can be e-mails back and forth in minutes.
Files can be from any location as algorithm uses simple fileexists function.
Files can be in any location and have an associated description to make identification easy.
Files can be in stereo or mono.
Files can be large.
Files can be of any basic structural type, including statistical data, text data, image data.
Files can be on any internet host when using the networking commands.
Files can be parents to other files, creating a version control system for document storage.
Files can be password protected for maximum security over the Internet.
Files can be quite large, but the quality is good.
Files can be real or synthesized, produced by scripts generating virtual documents.
Files can be setup for each test application, including any related notes and comments.
Files can be text, graphics etc.
Files can be text, programs, anything.
Files can be uploaded and downloaded with ease and security.
Files can be uploaded and downloaded, and new folders can be created.
Files can be uploaded one at a time, in groups, or as entire folders.
Files can be uploaded to an Internet site for download by transcriptionists.
Files can be uploaded to our office for faster processing at no additional cost.
Files can be uploaded to the users directory.
Files can become fragmented or damaged.
Files can become fragmented, and the free space on the disk can also become fragmented.
Files can come in a variety of formats, especially over the Internet.
Files can consist of software, text, and graphics.
Files can contain a variety of materials, including correspondence, memos, and reports.
Files can contain a variety of materials, including correspondence, staff memoranda, and reports.
Files can contain a variety of materials, including correspondence, staff memos, and reports.
Files can contain all functions from a related group.
Files can contain text, graphic images, or both.
Files can contain UV coordinates, object normals, etc.
Files can embed type fonts so that they're available at any viewing location.
Files can even be password protected for security.
Files can exist in two fundamental forms.
Files can get quite large.
Files can have more than one extension, and the order of the extensions is normally irrelevant.
Files can hold any type of information that can be held in main memory.
Files can include word-processed documents, spreadsheets, databases, software, etc.
Files can move in both directions.
Files can often be very voluminous.
Files can optionally have a time label, see later.
Files can span folders.
Files can take forever to download.
Files can upload and download with complete security.
Files can, however be over-written with an identical filename.
Files carry the extension .BIN .
Files Check out our files area for some of the newest software.
Files claims with bankruptcy court on property owners who have filed various chapters of bankruptcy.
Files come in a small plastic pouch.
Files come in any size.
Files come in different shapes.
Files come in different sizes.
Files come in here, it's cool.
Files come in several formats and can be read by most word processors.
Files come in two formats - text and binary.
Files come through safe, secure and fast.
Files come with knurled handles.
Files comes in different data types.
Files config Controls the operation of the new program.
Files consist of a series of trees in pseudo-LISP form.
Files consist of correspondence.
Files consist of records .
Files consist of resumes, recommendations, and grade reports.
Files consist of resumes, recommendations, and transcripts.
Files contain analysis of legislation with regard to fair employment, fair housing and civil rights.
Files contain annual meetings, correspondence, financial reports, and newsletters.
Files contain audit reports, correspondence, memoranda, and supporting working papers.
Files contain binary patches only.
Files contain biographical and publicity information.
Files contain confidential information.
Files contain contracts and correspondence.
Files contain copies of contracts and correspondence.
Files contain copies of flyers, memos, correspondence, and working notes.
Files contain correspondence on the building of the war memorial.
Files contain correspondence with journals and presses dealing with promotion of publications.
Files contain correspondence, contracts, publicity, reports, and other documents.
Files contain correspondence, memoranda, reports, publications, and minutes.
Files contain correspondence, memorandums, reports, and other records.
Files contain correspondence, reference information, and an information sheet.
Files contain correspondence, reports, agendas, programs, and other working documents.
Files contain correspondence, reports, ledgers, background data, and legal information.
Files contain data, shell scripts, or programs.
Files contain data.
Files contain dates in many formats.
Files contain death certificates and inquest testimony.
Files contain documentation when there has been a major change in reserve levels.
Files contain documentation which accompanies photographs.
Files contain ground plainmetric coordinates and wetland attributes.
Files contain ground planimetric coordinates and wetland attributes.
Files contain information on accommodations, prices, etc.
Files contain information on the children, their ages and personal data on the divorcing couple.
Files contain information on the disposition of the cases.
Files contain information such as annual reports, recruiting brochures, and job descriptions.
Files contain many photographs.
Files contain meeting minutes and reference materials of the subcommittee.
Files contain meta-data about the binary data including version number.
Files contain minutes, programs, and directories.
Files contain monthly or quarterly statements.
Files contain playbills, photographs, publicity, correspondence, and related records.
Files contain polygons of fire hazard areas only.
Files contain recent newspaper and magazine articles as well as faculty and student research.
Files contain records of reimbursements requested and paid.
Files contain reference materials.
Files contain report arguments, one argument per line.
Files contain restricted information.
Files contain reunion information pertaining to particular classes.
Files contain summary data for the state, counties, and cities and towns, except where noted.
Files contain the full text and graphic content of the original material.
Files Contain the query information, etc.
Files contain transactions for everything pertaining to sports.
Files contain user data, and there are no restrictions or formats implied in the data.
Files contain vitas, news releases, clippings and other material documenting biographical details.
Files contained in the archives are in ZIP format.
Files containing configuration information can be a real headache.
Files containing previous values form a consistent backup version.
Files containing sub-county data also are available.
Files containing the abstracts of all the papers are available from our download page.
Files containing the short abstracts of all the papers are available from our download page.
Files containing varying numbers of terms of the sequence are available below for experimentation.
Files contains records.
Files continue being opened and filled as long as the program is running.
Files copied are the one given by the file mask.
Files copy in child's case record.
Files correspond to leaves.
Files created by e-mail programs are normally very small.
Files created by the save command can later be load ed.
Files created from normal e-mail messages are text files.
Files created from the command line now display their paths in the title bar.
Files created in a directory initially retain the permissions from the directory level.
Files created in Excel usually work in page layout programs for print or the Web.
Files created in public directories are subject to deletion without prior notice to the user.
Files created in the master since the previous base release are simply copied to the archive.
Files created with any popular word processor or TeX are acceptable.
Files created with text editors are universally readable by any other computing platform.
Files degrade gracefully on cheap hardware.
Files disappear mysteriously or programs encounter unusual messages.
Files disappear, only to mysteriously reappear a year later in another directory.
Files disappear, only to reappear mysteriously a year later, in another directory.
Files dissappear only to turn up years later in another directory.
Files do move, though painfully slowly.
Files do pile up, and older files do get deleted to make way for new ones.
Files document the establishment and operations of the task force.
Files encoded as email attachments can be quite large.
Files end up overhead because no other place is available.
Files ending in .abs are in plain text.
Files ending in .actors are the actor lists for each region.
Files ending in .c are C programs.
Files ending in .check are for use with the ftnchek static debugger.
Files ending in .gz are compressed postscript files, and can be uncompressed using 'gzip'.
Files ending in .mod contain complementarity models.
Files ending in .ps.gz are postscript.
Files ending in .run are scripts that solve the associated problems from various starting points.
Files ending in '.ST' are only a convenience.
Files ending in .vbs, .shs, and .exe can be very dangerous files, often containing viruses.
Files ending in .zip are archives of compressed files.
Files ending in .zip are for PCs.
Files ending with .pdf are in Adobe Acrobat format .
Files ending with the .tar suffix are multi-file archives, archived using 'tar'.
Files exist on most Maine colleges and universities.
Files exist to maintain hard copy documentation.
Files expand automatically after downloading.
Files Explains the science behind the news.
Files extract at the same speed regardless of the compression method used.
Files Find help online.
Files flow back and forth effortlessly.
Files generally contain five full policy years of data along with the current year.
Files generally contain nomination and biographical material on winners.
Files generally have a .PDF extension.
Files generally have a .PS extension.
Files generally have a .ZIP extension.
Files generally have a .ZIP extention.
Files generally have an .AVI extension.
Files generally have an .EXE extention and are PC executable files.
Files generally have an .EXE extenuation and are PC executable files.
Files generated over the years take up a considerable amount of room in a radiology department.
Files Get archived columns and pics.
Files gifs ireland masturbating sex butt only.
Files give match date and coupon line number.
Files go directly to host-level shops instead of through the main server.
Files go down the line in chunks.
Files Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Files hang laterally from left to right.
Files has interesting news and archived articles about different issues and topics in science.
Files have a blank tag indicate the main trunk.
Files have an icon that looks like a sheet of paper, and their attributes show up in black type.
Files have brief abstracts that explain their contents.
Files have default access permissions which can be modified by the files owner.
Files have extensions that identify their purpose or what application that they are attached to.
Files have extensions which tells the computer what they are.
Files have incomprehensible names.
Files have information.
Files have letters a-l.
Files have lifetimes.
Files have names.
Files have owners who belong to a group and the owner can set the permissions of each file.
Files have the extension .zip.
Files have the set of default properties listed here.
Files have to be moved back to the palm to be run or accessed.
Files here are in .pdf format.
Files hold and store information that can be read by the computer.
Files includes a list of the building files and their respective photos and pictures images.
Files includes an index.
Files increase in length.
Files Indexes the Help files so that files can be searched.
Files indicate articles read when browsed and when reading all articles.
Files indicates training for the Bay of Pigs incursion took place at No Name Key in the Everglades.
Files inherit the access rights associated with their parent directory.
Files inherit the permissions of their directory.
Files keep getting corrupted.
Files kept by individual counties often differ from one another.
Files link to view or download the presentation.
Files listed at the beginning of the directory are help files.
Files listed below indicate resources currently available.
Files listed with a posting date and file size are available for review.
Files listing now works for disk files or web pages, and has a Comment column.
Files Lists the paths and files the command depends on for proper operation.
Files located here are in various formats.
Files located in the update directory are for web administration purposes only.
Files look nicer.
Files looks at science in an easy, accessible manner.
Files Make sure to de-select the options to Use long file names whenever possible .
Files make up the series, which then make up the fonds.
Files mentioned are in the archive release of the codes.
Files move into the Recycle Bin in a couple of different ways.
Files move through many steps or between many people outside the file room.
Files move to conserve space.
Files move within the hierarchy through the migration, purging, and caching processes.
Files normally have .xbm suffix.
Files now has nine points on the season.
Files now have more properties.
Files offer random access.
Files only contain elements symbols, names and atomic number.
Files only contain elements' symbols, names and atomic number.
Files open faster and images redraw much more quickly.
Files open more quickly because they are stored in adjacent units and free space is consolidated.
Files overall are relatively rough material.
Files permit records.
Files pico.save Unnamed interrupted work saved here.
Files placed here remain indefinitely, as such, only select local MoF staff have write access.
Files play on all PC DVD software and hardware players.
Files present the science stories behind the headlines.
Files print two black and white slides per page.
Files produced by shcomp are in a machine independent binary format that ksh understands.
Files produced on PCs sometimes require special treatment.
Files provided by individual states often have varying file formats.
Files provided by our users are available here for use by others.
Files randomly grow in size, filling up filesys- tems and causing quotas to be exceeded.
Files reflect boycott activities in Washington, D.C., Maryland, and Virginia.
Files reflect the inet service name.
Files regarding specials usually include subject information and a transcript of topics covered.
Files related to by dissertation are available for ftp .
Files related to research materials are currently in Postscript.
Files remain active indefinitely.
Files remain at the site for seven days.
Files remain available at least one week, much longer in most cases.
Files remain available to users during reconfiguration.
Files remain from one login session to the next.
Files remain on the site for one week following actual broadcast.
Files remain on the Web for two weeks or five accesses whichever comes first.
Files remain secure until picked up by another user with an authenticated password.
Files replace the manual.
Files reports appropriately.
Files representing even short video clips require many megabytes of storage.
Files require the user to modify before they can be used.
Files requiringalterationor modificationwill be billedat trade rates.
Files reside on hard disk drives.
Files reside on hard drives or disks.
Files residing on an account belong to that account and are private and confidential.
Files resulting from high resolution drum scans are relatively very large.
Files retain the original file extension, so that the type of file can be determined.
Files retain their original format when transferred from one platform to another.
Files say the house was destroyed.
Files See the bcg manual page for a description of the files.
Files See the ntp-genkeys page.
Files seem to change for many unforeseen reasons.
Files share fine.
Files start right out with just a dash.
Files stay on the search list until they are removed.
Files stay open for three years past graduation.
Files still sit on the harddrive of the computer struck by lightning.
Files stored elsewhere are likely to be deleted within a week during routine hard drive maintenance.
Files stored here are more or less incomplete notes.
Files stored here are visible and accessable to the world.
Files stored in .rtf format are normally readable by any standard word processor.
Files stored in Athena lockers on the network are usually secure.
Files stored in group directories can be write protected and can be public for a given user group.
Files stored in other locations on a hard drive are subject to deletion.
Files stored in quicktime format usually have a .mov extension.
Files stored in the scratch file systems are temporary and are subject to removal whenever needed.
Files stored on an ftp site tend to be stored in an archived form of some sort.
Files stored on diskette have a call number beginning with 'software'.
Files stored on school-based computers are the property of the school district.
Files stored on the hard disk can become corrupted or can be lost through fire or theft.
Files tack heads flush with last.
Files Take a look at the included readme file.
Files take longer to print, applications take longer to open, and users are forced to wait.
Files take more space on computer hard drives, but give far better sound quality.
Files take up even less space on the ramdisk.
Files take up less space on smaller partitions than one huge disk.
Files take up less storage space and are quicker and easier to transfer.
Files take up very little space.
Files targeted are like the A variant.
Files There are files on every regiment and battery that fought in the battle.
Files therefore take up less space on the server and of course take less time to download.
Files transfer fast through the USB cable.
Files transferred by telephone modem do take longer to transfer.
Files typically contain many clusters.
Files typically relate to one subject or one sub-activity.
Files undergo maintenance and updating each night.
Files unstuff themselves.
Files upload via browser only.
Files upload via ftp and browser.
Files used during conference presentation are available online .
Files used in teaching or research are easy to access from the Internet through most Web browsers.
Files used in the adtlib dictionary example in lectures are available.
Files vary considerably in length and content.
Files vary in format.
Files vary in size with individual layouts but generally range from one to five megabytes.
Files waste less space.
Files Welcome to the sed Section.
Files work in the same manner.
Files work well on softer steels.
Files work well on the very hard resin too.
Files yearn to be fragmented.
Files always belong to some user.
Files always come through intact.
Files always get there.
Files always get through without limitation.
Files always work best when they're clean.
Files frequently contain two copies of slides - the handout set and the foil set.
Files frequently itemize the costs.
Files often become corrupted in a crash.
Files often consist of check copy, invoice, purchase order, receiving reports, and requisition.
Files usually contain data but can also be created empty.
Files usually have an extension and the extension identifies what type of file it is.
Files usually remain for a few days before they are deleted.
All files always exist only as ascii characters on our network.
All files above are in .pdf format.
All files above are in postscript format.
All files above are plain text.
All files also have group ownership.
All files appear intact.
All files are .bin.
All files are .EXE self extracting to .ssf files on execution.
All files are .mpg format.
All files are .pdb format.
All files are .pdf files and a pdf viewer is required for viewing.
All files are .pdf files.
All files are .pdf format.
All files are .PDF format.
All files are .wav unless stated otherwise.
All files are absolutely free for non - commercial use.
All files are accessible and easy to find.
All files are also available in Excel format.
All files are also available via email, through the Shamash listserver.
All files are always available free of charge.
All files are ascii, unless otherwise noted.
All files are available all the time, around the clock.
All files are available as gzip compressed postscript.
All files are available as plain text.
All files are available as postscriptfiles.
All files are available by anonymous-ftp.
All files are available for download by double clicking on the name of the document.
All files are available for download here .
All files are available for download here.
All files are available for printing.
All files are available for public viewing except where exempt by statute or regulation.
All files are available for the personal and educational purposes only.
All files are available free of charge to any interested parties.
All files are available from the sourceforge project page.
All files are available in a zipped format.
All files are available in Adobe .PDF format.
All files are available in the file section .
All files are available on public-use mainframe tapes.
All files are available to all users.
All files are available via the Internet.
All files are availiable via anonymous ftp as well as gopher.
All files are backup up.
All files are case sensitive.
All files are closed and all variables are cleared.
All files are compressed files.
All files are cross-platform compatible still.
All files are currently available.
All files are currently corrupt and are unavilable.
All files are downloadable.
All files are easily accessible over the net and can even be shared with family and friends.
All files are either free, or shareware.
All files are executable zipped files.
All files are extractable, and there are auto links to obtain photos.
All files are extremly funny.
All files are fixed length, blocked files.
All files are fixed-length, blocked files.
All files are for educational purposes only.
All files are for educational, research, criticism, or review for video purchase purposes.
All files are for evaluation purpose only.
All files are for evaluation purposes only.
All files are for PC machines.
All files are for personal non-profit use only, offered as freeware for preservation purposes only.
All files are free for non-commercial use.
All files are free for personal and non-profit webpage use.
All files are free or shareware .
All files are free to download and use, although a donation is always appreciated.
All files are free to use.
All files are free.
All files are freeware and fully safe to download.
All files are Freeware and legal to use on any computer.
All files are freeware.
All files are fully cross platform.
All files are functional.
All files are gif files unless otherwise noted.
All files are gnu zipped tar files.
All files are gzip compressed.
All files are gzip ed.
All files are gzip ped postscript.
All files are HTML unless otherwise indicated.
All files are HTML unless otherwise noted.
All files are in .DOC format.
All files are in .dxf format and have been compressed as .zip files.
All files are in .gif format for quick downloading.
All files are in .jpg format.
All files are in .PDF format and require the software from adobe.
All files are in .pdf format.
All files are in .PDF format.
All files are in .pdf.
All files are in .tif format.
All files are in .WAV format, with length in seconds and size in kilobytes.
All files are in .wav format.
All files are in .Z compressed Postscript.
All files are in .zip form.
All files are in .zip format.
All files are in .ZIP format.
All files are in a .zip format.
All files are in a compressed format to save space and download time.
All files are in a compressed format.
All files are in a pdf format.
All files are in a zipped format.
All files are in Adobe .pdf format.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat form.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat format unless otherwise noted.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat format, and require the Acrobat Reader to open.
All files are in adobe acrobat format.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat pdf file format and available for download.
All files are in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
All files are in adobe.pdf format.
All files are in alphabetical order.
All files are in Analyze format.
All files are in archived, self-extracting format.
All files are in ascii format.
All files are in comma-delimited format.
All files are in compressed format.
All files are in compressed postscript format.
All files are in compressed self-extracting format.
All files are in csv format.
All files are in either .html or .ps format.
All files are in English units.
All files are in FITS format unless otherwise noted.
All files are in format.
All files are in html format except where otherwise indicated.
All files are in HTML format.
All files are in HTML-format.
All files are in local anguage.
All files are in machine independent binary FITS table format.
All files are in mail folder digest form.
All files are in mpeg.
All files are in pdf format unless otherwise indicated.
All files are in pdf format.
All files are in PDF-format.
All files are in PKZip format.
All files are in Portable Document Format only .
All files are in portable document format.
All files are in postscript and compressed with gzip.
All files are in postscript and gzipped compressed.
All files are in postscript format.
All files are in Postscript format.
All files are in Read Media Format.
All files are in real audio format.
All files are in Rich Text Format unless otherwise noted.
All files are in self-extracting compressed file format.
All files are in smlawson directory unless otherwise stated.
All files are in Spanish.
All files are in subdirectories beneath the directory molbio.
All files are in tar format.
All files are in the original languages with English subtitles.
All files are in the public domain.
All files are in uncompressed TIFF format.
All files are in Word .doc format.
All files are in wordperfect format.
All files are in ZIP format All files are in ZIP format.
All files are in zip format in order to conserve space.
All files are in ZIP format, for faster downloads.
All files are in zip format.
All files are in Zip Format.
All files are in ZIP format.
All files are in Zipped format for easy downloading.
All files are legal and are used with explicit permission of the artist.
All files are linkable using match keys.
All files are lockable.
All files are low res.
All files are macroless and virus free.
All files are now accessible from our single home page.
All files are now automatically unzipped into a separate folder.
All files are now executable.
All files are now workbooks.
All files are of the above logo.
All files are only self-extracting zips and require further installation.
All files are over-written by new received information after being processed.
All files are password protected pdf format .
All files are password protected.
ALL files are password protected.
All files are password-protected.
All files are pdf .
All files are pdf format.
All files are PDFs.
All files are PKZipped.
All files are plain text unless otherwise noted.
All files are plain text.
All files are postscript.
All files are printable and are best read that way.
All files are printable using any high quality laser or inkjet printer.
All files are property of their respective authors.
All files are ps files.
All files are public domain, to be distributed freely.
All files are public domain.
All files are raw data.
All files are readable online.
All files are ready for text input and include coordinated color schemes.
All files are searchable by place name.
All files are secured, the building has fire protection and intrusion protection.
All files are self extracting.
All files are self-extracting .exe files.
All files are self-extracting archive files.
All files are self-extracting installers.
All files are self-extracting Stuffit archives and are binhexed.
All files are self-extracting zip files.
All files are self-extracting ZIP files.
All files are self-extracting zipped files.
All files are self-extracting, executable files.
All files are self-extracting.
All files are SGML internal documents.
All files are slightly darker than the originals.
All files are software specific.
All files are sold for non-commercial use only.
All files are strictly confidential.
All files are subject to inspection by the instructors and assistants.
All files are subject to review.
All files are Sun.au format.
All files are TAB delimited.
All files are tar archives, compressed with gzip.
All files are tar files, compressed with gzip .
All files are tar format.
All files are text files and can be viewed with a text viewer.
All files are text files unless otherwise indicated.
All files are text files.
All files are text formatted so the user can easily add, modify, or create new libraries.
All files are the Original distribution set, and are sourced direct from the vendor sites.
All files are the property of their respected writer, designer, or artist.
All files are the same, but the alternate uses another method for downloading.
All files are the same, just faster downloads.
All files are the work of the author and represents thier interpretation of the songs.
All files are to be copied onto a newly formatted floppy disk unless told otherwise.
All files are to be deposited in that space.
All files are unavailable until further notice.
All files are under continual revision.
All files are under source control.
All files are unprotected instantly .
All files are unzipped using pkunzip and read in any text editor or word processing program.
All files are uploaded completely.
All files are use ZIP compression to speed transfer.
All files are virus free.
All files are virus-checked prior to transmission.
All files are web ready.
All files are zip files for quick download.
All files are ZIP'd.
All files are zipped, there is only one zip file for each kind of extension.
All files are ZIPped.
All files begin with the prefix 'co'.
All files belong to somebody.
All files belonging to a given dataset share the same rootname.
All files below are .
All files below are also available in a printable PDF format.
All files below are files.
All files below are in .pdf format to insure quality viewing and printing capabilities.
All files below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All files below are in pdf form.
All files below are in pdf format.
All files below are PDF format.
All files can share ownership.
All files come in a single compressed tar archive .
All files come with descriptive titles, and memory data for easy searches and quick downloading.
All files come without any warrenty about originality or correctness.
All files comes without any warranties and support.
All files contain data of some kind.
All files contain full English, Spanish, German, French, Danish, Norwegian and Swedish resources.
All files contain gzip-compressed postscript.
All files contain the same information.
All files contain the source code and all downloads are free.
All files created by that user take on the attributes specified by umask .
All files disappear, only to reappear very mysteriously a year later, in another dress directory.
All files end in .exe .
All files fall under the LGPL unless they expressly say otherwise.
All files found here are available in downloadable PDF format.
All files found here are available in free downloadable PDF format.
All files have a .doc extension, except where noted.
All files have a simple format.
All files have both an ownership and a permission, which control their accessibility.
All files have names.
All files have passwords, and the text can be edited, previewed, and printed before being submitted.
All files have their original names, at least as the root.
All files have two types of names.
All files here are in .pdf format.
All files here require a computer equipped with a sound card.
All files included in the download are free of use.
All files linked are in acrobat PDF format.
All files listed are available absolutely free for downloading for personal use.
All files listed have just one link which is to their parent directory.
All files mentioned here are binhexed.
All Files Note the missing file specification.
All files now have the extension of .shtml .
All files now transfer the extension from the input file if writing a new file.
All files placed here are readable by the world at large.
All files read.
All files referenced here are either text, binary pdf-files, or binary picture files.
All files relate to scientists at Canadian universities.
All files related to class materials are in Adobe Acrobat format, unless otherwise noted.
All files require winzip to open.
All files reside in the same directory.
All Files Select the Dropper tool .
All files start off with their original names.
All files start on a right hand page.
All files start with 'fest' and have the .pdf extension.
All files start with fest and have the .pdf extension.
All files uploaded have to pass a set of rules.
All files use at least one block.
All files use the same field layout.
All files use the ZIP format.
All Files View.
All files work, but the best ones have smooth edges.
Any file can take advantage of mirroring.
Any file created by a word processor, spreadsheet or presentation program is a binary file.
Any file sent along with an email is known as an attachment.
Any file suffix on source is ignored.
Any file used can be a URL that describes a location anywhere on the Internet.
Any files are welcome as long as they are about steam locos.
Every file accessed to put together the page is one hit.
Every file also has an owner and a group .
Every file also has permissions associated with it.
Every file appears as a planets, directory appears as a galaxies.
Every file contains just one class.
Every file contains the text that has been indexed for the given slide and lecture.
Every file describes one terminal.
Every file has a description and an icon.
Every file has a description or transcript, and files are sorted alphabetically by that description.
Every file has a descriptor associated with it called an inode .
Every file has a file extension that tells the world what kind of a file it is.
Every file has a filename .
Every file has a filename.
Every file has a name, and a filename extension.
Every file has a name.
Every file has a single owner and a single group associated with it.
Every file has a unique identification name or number, called a URL .
Every file has a URL associated with it.
Every file has a URL, an address where it is stored.
Every file has an extension, the three or more characters after the file name.
Every file has an owner which is one of the registered user names defined on the system.
Every file has an owner, and only the owner can modify it.
Every file has an owner.
Every file has nine access modes associated with it.
Every file has one owner.
Every file has one owning group.
Every file has several pieces of status information associated with it, of which the mode is one.
Every file has to be prepared correctly to look the way it was intended to look.
Every file is created with an access mode.
Every file is different distinct.
Every file is gone over twice, with the second pass being done by a different annotator.
Every file is scanned with two different virus software programs.
Every file occupies five lines in the value.
Every file represents a singular source.
Every file resides somewhere on a computer's hard disk.
Every file starts with a text line containing information on the file.
Many files also contain biographical sketches of early settlers.
Many files also contain correspondence and other paperwork related to the claim.
Many files also contain notes, annotated copies of the bills, memos, and related correspondence.
Many files are also available in the higher-fidelity AIFF format.
Many files are also available to view online before, or instead of, downloading.
Many files are available at only a single file server.
Many files are available for download.
Many files are available for downloading on the Internet, using a Web browser.
Many files are available for free on the Internet.
Many files are available via anonymous ftp.
Many files are full of repetitions such as multiple spaces.
Many files are in compressed .zip format.
Many files are in pdf format.
Many files are in postscript format.
Many files are large, so be prepared for lenghty downloads.
Many files are OK to delete .
Many files are open to the public and are used by marketers to compile lists.
Many files are packaged, or compressed, so that they can be transferred quickly.
Many files combine stories from a particular section of the various newspapers included.
Many files come with software to facilitate use.
Many files consist of binary data , with no delimiters.
Many files contain a photograph.
Many files contain copies of correspondence and printed materials relevant to the subject.
Many files have just number for a name.
Many files have no information here.
Many files have sound and video.
Many files have the .exe extension.
Many files hold clipped articles, but entire issues of some publications are also here.
Many files require a format conversion before they can be opened in a different application.
Many files require a password.
Many files use a combination of formats.
More files are constantly being added, so please check back soon.
More files are in the works, so check back soon.
More files are on there way.
Most files also contain list of members, roll call record and financial summary.
Most files also have an extension.
Most files appear to lack intellectual coherence.
Most files are already compressed anyway.
Most files are available by three methods.
Most files are available in chunks and as whole files.
Most files are available in HTML format, and some are available to download as a .zip file.
Most files are available in more than one format.
Most files are available in the higher-fidelity AIFF format as well.
Most files are binary, but the Internet can only transfer text-based files.
Most files are binary, while email was developed as a text-only system.
Most files are compressed and, unless otherwise mentioned, are in postscript.
Most files are from other sources and are so credited.
Most files are in .PDF format.
Most Files are in .WAV format.
Most files are in .zip format.
Most files are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most files are in dvi format.
Most files are in pdf format.
Most files are in pkzip format.
Most files are in the public domain and readily available in the Internet.
Most files are in zip format.
Most files are in ZIP format.
Most files are large and only available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most files are longer than one screenful of text.
Most files are ordinary data files.
Most files are password protected .
Most files are public.
Most files are self-explanatory.
Most files are small.
Most files are stored locally but due to size restictions, some are links to other download sites.
Most files are subpoenas for witnesses or jury lists.
Most files are text files created with an editor.
Most files are too large for a dot matrix printer to handle.
Most files are viewable in any standard text editor.
Most files combine overheads with more detailed notes.
Most files come compressed.
Most files come in either .tar.gz or .zip format.
Most files compress to less than half of their original size.
Most files contain a lot of repeated data.
Most files contain annual data but there are also quarterly files.
Most files contain annual data, but there are also quarterly files.
Most files contain correspondence with an author pertaining to a book published by the firm.
Most files contain enormous amounts of redundant information.
Most files contain general research material, including notes, clippings, and correspondence.
Most files contain large amounts of blank space.
Most files contain many repeated items of data.
Most files contain minutes of committees concerned with land, leases, trade and finance.
Most files contain photographs and cover diverse projects.
Most files contain pictures of the interviewee.
Most files contain quantitative data from student evaluations at the end of courses.
Most files contain readme or .doc files with information specific to each code set.
Most files contain the application form, several reports, and lists of officers.
Most files define numerous global variables.
Most files exist in two or three versions, distinguished by the suffix.
Most files expand to a little less than twice the zipped size.
Most files have a short lifetime.
Most files have brief comments.
Most files have some key identifier so that other applications can figure out what they are.
Most files here are binary paper-tape diagnostics in various files and related documentation, etc.
Most files indicate which libraries own specific items.
Most files offer a complete record of a project's progression.
Most files provide both current and retrospective coverage.
Most files require some type of encoding before they can be transmitted over the Internet.
Most files take a minute or less to come up.
Most files use the zip utility for exchange.
Some file require a password in order to be downloaded.
Some files accessible only to members.
Some files affect scanners, printers, anti-virus, etc.
Some files allow users to identify labels, such as geographic area names.
Some files also contain case numbers.
Some files also contain correspondence with publishers, proofs, and originals of diagrams.
Some files are .pdf documents.
Some files are .zip files and have to be expanded.
Some files are also available here .
Some files are also available in disk format in .pdf, .ps or .txt format.
Some files are also available in text format or in database format.
Some files are also available to be downloaded in their original file format.
Some files are also interactive.
Some files are ascii or are compressed.
Some files are available for download, others are on-line only.
Some files are available for online viewing.
Some files are available in a variety of sizes.
Some files are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Some files are available in both formats.
Some files are available in compressed form using the .zip format.
Some files are available on more than one disk.
Some files are available only to subscribers.
Some files are compressed, and there are instructions on how to download.
Some files are confidential and research use is restricted.
Some files are considerably larger than others due to graphical content.
Some files are extremely large.
Some files are fairly large.
Some files are for subscribers only.
Some files are free, but some can only be accessed with an account number and password.
Some files are here .
Some files are hoax, intended to tease or frustrate the users downloading it.
Some files are important but used infrequently.
Some files are in .PDF format.
Some files are in a zip format.
Some files are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Some files are in ascii and can be printed directly.
Some files are in compressed format, most common being .zip.
Some files are in PDF format and graphic intensive.
Some files are in pdf format.
Some files are in pdf-format.
Some files are in Postscript format.
Some files are in rmi format.
Some files are in stereo.
Some files are in the form of a zip file.
Some files are in zip format.
Some files are in ZIP format.
Some files are incomplete.
Some files are indexed by name, some are by ship, some are chronological.
Some files are large and others are very basic and have very few graphics.
Some files are large and take a long time to download.
Some files are large requiring longer download times.
Some files are large so note the file size before downloading.
Some files are large, but well worth the download.
Some files are large, so downloads can be slow.
Some files are large, so please be patient when downloading.
Some files are large.
Some files are larger than others so please be patient.
Some files are larger than others, please be patient.
Some files are larger than others.
Some files are long.
Some files are longer than one screen page.
Some files are more complete than others.
Some files are much more complete than others.
Some files are only available in one format.
Some files are only excerpts of a minute or more.
Some files are password protected.
Some files are pretty large and the size is indicated adjacent to the hypertext.
Some files are quite large and have been zipped for easier download time.
Some files are quite large because they contain graphic elements.
Some files are quite large.
Some files are rather large.
Some files are real media compressed as a ZIP file for faster downloads.
Some files are reasonable in size and can be downloaded in their entirety.
Some files are self decompressible.
Some files are self uncompressible.
Some files are small plain text files.
Some files are too big to fit on a single floppy.
Some files are too big.
Some files are too large to fit into a single block and therefore span multiple blocks.
Some files are too large to send through e-mail.
Some files are uploaded here and here .
Some files are very big, and many printers have difficulty processing such large sized files.
Some files are very large so be patient while they load.
Some files are very large.
Some files are very small, others can contain hundreds and hundreds of pages.
Some files are viewable and more are coming.
Some files become corrupted when they are compressed.
Some files below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Some files below are in pdf format.
Some files call for on legal size paper.
Some files can also be large.
Some files can be large.
Some files can be quite large and take some time to download.
Some files can be unaccessible.
Some files can take hours to finish downloading.
Some files compress better than others.
Some files compress very little.
Some files contain collateral papers in addition to correspondence.
Some files contain data from the previous census of agriculture.
Some files contain data sets, which have no WMO abbreviated headings, but are in GRIB format.
Some files contain detailed tablature for the songs, others contain chord shapes.
Some files contain different versions, tabbed by different people.
Some files contain drafts of speeches.
Some files contain duplicates as well as random notes and loose papers.
Some files contain images of words rather than the words themselves.
Some files contain links to files.
Some files contain more repeated data than others.
Some files contain ocean plant forms and others include invertebrates.
Some files contain only an application form.
Some files contain only one item, while others contain numerous items.
Some files contain only small strips of paper with one or two brief sentences.
Some files contain other information, for example letters of reference and letters from the student.
Some files contain personal information and are restricted.
Some files contain the texts of classic works of literature.
Some files contain their own forms of compression.
Some files contain viruses.
Some files contain weekly and monthly rates for even earlier dates.
Some files correspond to single software programs listed below.
Some files cover the development of several defense budgets.
Some files do contain pamphlets, brochures and other non-correspondence material.
Some files focus on the benefits and potential hazards of nuclear energy.
Some Files Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Some files have additional information.
Some files have county summaries.
Some files have machine-readable documentation and a data collection instrument.
Some files have names more indicative of the subject.
Some files have one record for each student while others have many records for a student.
Some files have properties that only make sense for that file type.
Some files have time divisions.
Some files here are available for download.
Some files however compress badly, usually because they are already compressed.
Some files listed here take extended amounts of time to download.
Some files open up in Code View instead of Design View.
Some files relate to cases tried before Canadian military courts.
Some files require a binary transfer.
Some files require a PDF file reader.
Some files require Acrobat Reader Go to top of page.
Some files require adobe acrobat.
Some files require another program in order to be opened.
Some files require decompression software.
Some files require different permissions.
Some files require heavy duty processing of the cpu description.
Some files require installation of separate software for viewing.
Some files require plugins or other special handling.
Some files require subscriptions but much is available without charge.
Some files require the use ofSimulink.
Some files require two passes to get the job done.
Some files save as spreadsheets.
Some files take about twenty seconds to load.
Filechan input is interpreted as a set of lines.
Filed complaints are available to the general public.
FileDialogFilter object Represents a single file type that can be selected in a file dialog box.
A filefish is a bony fish
Filefishes use their small but strong jaws to nip and crush reef encrusting organisms.
Filemgr core dumps upon pasting a large amount of files.
A filename extension is string
Filename extensions tell a Web browser how to interpret the file type.
A filename is a name
Filename can be one of subscribers, aliases, news, peers, ignored, info, or welcome.
Filename comes from the list of files retrieved using the index command.
Filename contains just the name of the file.
Filename is archk.
Filename is name of the frequency list.
Filename is optional.
Filename is replaced by just the first letter of the file name.
Filename is treated as a filesystem path relative to the directory being indexed.
Filename prefix for message files.
Filename prefix for multi-page main index.
Filename prefix for thread index pages beyond the first page.
Filenames are almost always lower case.
Filenames are case insensitive.
Filenames are case sensitive.
Filenames are case sensitve.
Filenames are case-sensitive.
Filenames are dir.css, and drives.css respectively.
Filenames are extremely important.
Filenames are for users to identify files.
Filenames are fully customisable.
Filenames are important too.
Filenames are in bold, date saved is to the left, and game played is on the right.
Filenames are in lower cases letters.
Filenames are in lowercase letters only .
Filenames are irrelevant.
Filenames are lowercase.
Filenames are names.
Filenames are of two kinds, source soundfiles and resultant analysis files.
Filenames are, first of all, descriptive of their content.
Filenames can also now legally include spaces and a number of other things.
Filenames can be relative or absolute.
Filenames can be very long indeed.
Filenames can contain other special characters, including dashes, numbers, asterisks and blanks.
Filenames can contain virtually any character.
Filenames can have only eight characters.
Filenames can include alphanumeric characters and punctuation, such as underscores and hyphens.
Filenames can use any letter of the alphabet or any numeral.
Filenames come in the form name.extention.
Filenames containing spaces are now permissible.
Filenames default to relative to the directory that contains the Makefile.in file.
Filenames depend on what type of audience it was aimed for.
Filenames end in .gif.
Filenames end in .jpg or .jpeg.
Filenames indicate page type, table of contents.
Filenames never contain upper case characters.
Filenames remain the same and the pages are compressed with pkzip .
Filenames show where they are set.
Filenames start with a digit for the numbers pictures.
Filenames starting with . are relative to the account's home directory.
Filenames typically come last.
Filenames usually are case sensitive.
Filenames usually begine with the artist followed by a - dash, and the title.
Filenames usually end with the extension .au.
Filenames usually end with the extension .avi.
All filenames are case sensitive therefore capitol letters count.
All filenames are case sensitive.
All filenames are in lowercase.
All filenames are strictly case sensitive.
All filenames end with the extension .dat.
All filenames starting with underscore are from search engines.
Any filename occuring on the left-hand side of any dependency is called a target .
Many filenames end with an extension, i.e. a period and one to three letters.
Some filenames are special.
A filer is a litigant
Filer can also find duplicate files.
Filer then turns to the question of age, examining the teeth first.
Filers are for fast access and storage of data for many app servers to refer to.
Filers are litigants.
Filers are slightly modified.
Filers are very well suited for back-end storage in a CDN because of the following key features.
Filers can also attach related documents to the forms.
Filers can also attach subsequent and related documents to the template forms.
Filers can also use the self-service postage machine in the main post office's lobby.
Filers have a choice of which deduction method they use to reduce their taxable income.
Filers provide high data availability, scalability and are easily implemented.
Filers transmit payment authorization electronically.
All filers have to sign an oath and declaration under penalty of criminal sanctions.
Every filer reads a circle gauge differently.
Many filers find it almost impossible to obtain a mortgage or unsecured credit card for years.
Many filers think they are getting a refund when in fact they are getting a very costly loan.
Files names have a variety of formats.
Files names have two parts.
Files sizes given by links are approximate.
Files sizes represent the size of the files for downloading.
All files sizes are in .gz-compressed formats.
All files types are customizable by the user.
Filet crochet is a series of boxes worked in double crochet.
A filet is lace
Filets are ready when package is firm to pressure of fork.
Filets brais s.
Filial cannibalism improves survival and development of beaugregory damselfish embryos.
Filial piety is a major element in accomplishing world peace.
Filial piety is essentially a rule of behavior directing offspring to repay parental love and care.
Filial piety is thus an important virtue that has been stressed throughout the ages.
Filiform papillae are long and thin, and fungiform papillae are shaped like mushroom caps.
Filiform papillae are the smallest and most numerous papillae.
Filiform warts are slender soft thread-like growths seen primarily on the face and neck.
Filiform warts are thread-like growths on the face or neck.
All filigree findings have crystals and pearls.
Filigree safety clasp sterling silver.
A filigree is embellishment
Filigree ferrules on each cheek and each side of nose.
A filing cabinet is office furniture
Filing cabinet has areas for sharing resources, policies, documents and even software.
Filing cabinets are in countless municipal vaults, holding vital records and legislation.
Filing cabinets are located in offices.
Filing cabinets are our friends.
Filing cabinets serve well for storing science materials.
Some filing cabinets stand in common hallways.
Filing date is fixed.
Filing date means the day and time the document is recorded as received by the division.
Filing dates are frequently material to the resolution of issues on appeal.
Filing status is a minor issue.
Filing status is determined as of the last day of the year.
Filing system needs improvement.
All filing systems have advantages and disadvantages.
Any filing system works better when it is combined with an electronic file manager.
Filing are formations.
Filing are fragments.
Filing are located in work.
Filing are storage.
Filing are storings.
Filing are submissions.
Filing becomes irregular, parts of files being stored in different places.
Filing can be an extremely complex task with very intricate systems.
Filing can be by name of correspondent or company represented.
Filing can be by name of correspondent, by subject discussed, or by name of group involved.
Filing electronically can greatly expedite the process.
Filing electronically can reduce waiting time from four to two weeks.
Filing electronically is more trustworthy.
Filing establishes a date from which a company is granted certain rights.
Filing has a particular fascination for that history.
Filing is a basic but neglected computer skill.
Filing is a highly personal memory process.
Filing is a simple matter.
Filing is a simple process.
Filing is based on residency.
Filing is blind.
Filing is complete at the time that when the facsimile transmission is received by the clerk.
Filing is complete when the clerk s official date and time file stamp is affixed to the document.
Filing is complete when the document is received in the clerk ' s database.
Filing is complete when the judge personally accepts custody of the papers.
Filing is continuous until all positions are filled.
Filing is done by comparing prefixes.
Filing is done in alternate years.
Filing is done numerically.
Filing is done with a brief questionnaire card.
Filing is easy, and the service provides numerous links for instructions and schedules as needed.
Filing is mandatory.
Filing is one of the most important tasks in any office.
Filing is one of the necessary evils of any company.
Filing is one of the worst jobs ever invented.
Filing is open to enrolled college students.
Filing is relatively easy and takes only a few minutes.
Filing is required even for very low income.
Filing is required monthly for the months in operation.
Filing is simple.
Filing is the first step in the complaint process .
Filing is the surest way to lose something or forget it.
Filing is usually under a street index.
Filing is, in many ways, giving in.
Filing isa fragment.
Filing occurs in one of two ways.
Filing separately can pay off in some circumstances.
Filing takes longer than trimming, but there is little risk of cutting into the quick.
Filings are also available in microfiche.
Filings are available full-text online.
Filings are available on both microfiche and paper.
Filings are available on microfiche.
Filings are down every year.
Filings are full-text.
Filings are more likely in countries with better judicial systems.
Filings are more likely where there are both strong creditor rights and a good judicial system.
Filings are up substantially over previous years.
Filings establishing businesses are effective on and after they have been reviewed and stamped in.
Filings tend to look legalistic and can be tedious to read.
Filings thus take longer to evaluate properly, thereby adding to the backlogs.
All filings are public record and available for inspection.
Any filings based on the findings of fact are ridiculously premature.
Many filings require standard quadrangles.
More filings are on their way.
Most filings require only two mouse clicks to generate the filing.
Filipina leaders are aware of the dangers.
Filipina woman believe that a man that is mature in years has wisdom.
Filipina women are totally different.
Filipina women are world renowned for their charming, sweet and natural beauty.
Filipina women have charming, sweet and natural beauty.
Filipino arts place great emphasis on footwork, mobility, and body positioning.
Filipino children have few toys but a lot of playmates.
Filipino churches send workers to harvest difficult fields.
Filipino cuisine has Chinese, Malay and Spanish influences.
Filipino cyberspace is cluttered with pages about the family and rightly so.
Filipino families have high regard for dignity, integrity, respect and honor.
Filipino food is an intriguing blend of Malaysian, Chinese, Spanish and American cuisines.
Filipino food is somewhere between Chinese and Mexican food.
Filipino food reflects the many cultures that have imprinted the indigenous cuisine of the islands.
Filipino goods is now available.
Filipino groups tend to multiply rather than unify.
All Filipino ladies place a very high value on integrity and faithfulness.
Filipino men are an exception, with an incidence rate nearly twice as large as their mortality rate.
Filipino men are very handsome and romantic.
Filipino men have slightly more poorly differentiated cancers than the other groups.
Many Filipino men have a reputation of being womanizers.
Filipino moms are weird.
Filipino music is really diverse.
Filipino nurses are very patient, they can sacrifice.
Filipino organizations are famous for cloning themselves.
Filipino parishes are very large, with little personal interaction between priest and people.
Filipino people love dancing.
Many Filipino people live there .
Many Filipino people live there.
Filipino soaps are too familiar.
Filipino systems lean toward informality.
Filipino terminology is employed.
Filipino troops lack steel helmets, entrenching tools, blankets, and helmets.
Filipino wages are very high.
Filipino women are naturally romantic.
Filipino women campaign against sex tourism.
Filipino women enjoy the greatest freedom and the highest status among the women in Asia.
Many Filipino women hold key job positions, so power dressing is the norm.
Filipino workers vote to strike.
Most filk cons are in the U.S., but there are annual Canadian and British ones as well.
Filk lyrics are available on many Internet sites.
Filk lyrics deal with the various worlds encompassed by the science fic- tion community.
Fill characters appear on workforms.
Fill factor refers to the percentage of a photosite that is sensitive to light.
Fill light is a source of illumination that lightens shadows.
Fill light is used to add light in the side of the object nearest the camera.
Fill lights represent indirect or reflected light.
Fill lights vary depending on the application.
Fill line is shown on out side of cup for test.
Fill material is delivered to the skin by rubbing action on use.
Fill material is securely staple-set in a smooth finish hardwood block.
Fill power is measured by compressing an ounce of down and then releasing it.
Fill power is the ability of feather and down to resist compression and is an indicator of warmth.
Fill rate is important, because it does affect so many features.
Fill rate is more important right now.
Fill rate is specified by the vendor.
Fill rate refers to the percentage of borrowing or lending requests successfully filled.
Fill rates go up as the computer identifies products to order in more heavily.
Fill rates refer to the number of positions that a site is actually able to fill.
Fill rates vary dramatically between suppliers.
Fill apples with oat mixture.
Fill apples with raisins.
Fill apples with the mixture and wrap in aluminum foil and place on hot coals or grill.
Fill baskets with a favorite filling such as mousse, fruit or ice cream.
Fill baskets with fruit and drizzle dessert and serving plate with some of the remaining juices.
Fill baskets with shells or flowers or both.
Fill bearings with fresh lubricant.
Fill bells with water for neutral buoyancy, or with air for exercises requiring buoyancy.
Fill biscuits with the bacon mixture.
Fill bowls with assortment of fake guts.
Fill bowls with different kinds of bird seeds and roll the pine cones in the seed.
Fill bowls with mixture and arrange on baking sheet.
Fill bowls with pastel colored shells for an instant dose of color.
Fill boxes with different types of soils and plant the same crop in all the boxes.
Fill boxes with life's little treasures, keepsakes or special gifts.
Fill cans half full of water.
Fill cans half full.
Fill causes fill.
Fill containers two-thirds full with potting mix.
Fill contours fill in each area between contour lines with a different color.
Fill cookies before chocolate cools and sets.
Fill cookies with pastry bag full of marshmallow cream using a large whipped cream tip.
Fill corresponds to the intensity scale in the legend at the bottom of the figure.
Fill crates and bags only half full.
Fill cups half full with a plain batter.
Fill cups half full with batter.
Fill cups half full with remaining batter, one tablespoon each.
Fill cups half full.
Fill cups two-thirds full.
Fill dates equally with the cheese mixture.
Fill feeders about two-thirds full each day until the chicks are a few weeks old.
Fill flasks completely with medium.
Fill grids automatically from word lists, find words, manage words and clues, and much more.
Fill is high ground.
Fill jars all the way to top.
Fill jars halfway with solid mixture.
Fill jars to over-flowing and seal.
Fill jars with hot fruit and hot liquid to cover, leaving headspace.
Fill jars with hot fruit and hot liquid, leaving headspace.
Fill jars with hot tomatoes or with raw peeled tomatoes.
Fill jars with hot tomatoes, leaving -inch headspace.
Fill jars with hot tomatoes.
Fill joints to full depth.
Fill leads have stainless steel safety springs.
Fill leaves with rice and tomato or mushroom soup.
Fill molds halfway with chocolate, add grasshoppers, fill rest of the way.
Fill needs and monitor and update the resources, as necessary.
Fill nests with creamed mushrooms and sweetbread.
Fill nests with jelly beans or molded chocolates.
Fill nests with jelly beans.
Fill pails with small toys and candy.
Fill pumpkins equally with egg mixture.
Fill ramekins three-quarters full with the custard and set in a shallow pan of hot water.
Fill ramequin dishes, cover with buttered crumbs, and bake until crumbs are brown.
Fill rolls with apple chutney, sausage, peppers, onion and fennel.
Fill rolls with beef mixture and cheese slices and serve.
Fill rolls with cheeseburgers, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles.
Fill rolls with eggplant-pepper mixture.
Fill rolls with lettuce, cheeseburgers and bacon.
Fill rolls with mixture and wrap in wax paper.
Fill sandwiches with cheese.
Fill scratches, gouges and holes with wood dough.
Fill shells generously.
Fill shells next day after beating custard until smooth.
Fill shells three-quarters full with mincemeat mixture.
Fill shells to capacity with mix and arrange in a shallow pan in a single layer.
Fill shells with cheese mixture, then arrange in baking dish.
Fill shells with cheese mixture.
Fill shells with cheese-broccoli mixture.
Fill shells with custard.
Fill shells with lamb mixture.
Fill shells with lobster mixture.
Fill shells with mixture and top with bacon.
Fill shells with oyster sauce and replace center tops.
Fill shells with potato mixture.
Fill shells with potting soil.
Fill shells with pudding mixture and replace tops.
Fill shells with remaining butter, packing in firmly.
Fill shells with stuffing and put in a buttered shallow dish.
Fill shells with the mixture.
Fill sketch with liquid wax.
Fill skins as usual.
Fill slits with olive mixture.
Fill spaces at once from the stock.
Fill spaces completely, plug holes after foaming with material to match existing.
Fill spaces in tableau with first card or groups of cards with first card at the bottom.
Fill spaces with a solid line to prevent adding names.
Fill spaces with any available card or group of cards.
Fill spaces with any available cards from tableau, wastepile, or stock.
Fill spaces with some calk, fix holes in screens and repair openings around doors.
Fill spaces with walnut meats and candied cherries.
Fill sprites with colors and a wide range of pre-defined patterns, such as checkerboard and stripes.
Fill thumbprints with jelly or jam and allow to dry before storing loosely covered in cool area.
Fill thumbprints with jelly or jam while still warm.
Fill thumbprints with jelly.
Fill vases with geraniums or eucalyptus as insects are repelled by their scent.
Fills are available any time.
Fills are minimal.
Fills are usually solid colors or some form of cross-hatching.
Fills array with list of all devices.
Fills array with list of all groups.
Fills array with list of all print Queues.
Fills beds with color more fully and quickly than others.
Fills can bring relief or add tension to a musical phrase.
Fills can enhance or support elements in the music.
Fills feed tank with specified color ink and starts machine.
Fills feed tray with paper and turns valve to start suction of feed cups.
Fills hopper with rivets when operating semiautomatic machines.
Fills syringe with green liquid.
Fills unsightly ridges and nail damage while healing and strengthening the natural nail.
Fills unsightly ridges and provides extra conditioning for nails that are hard, dry, and brittle.
All fill fall silent.
All fills are dependent on personnel availability.
Any fill is to be placed over a gully, or a swamp, pond, lake, waterway or wetland.
Most fills create a continuous transition between two colors.
Most fills happen at the end of phrases.
Filler metal is added separately, which makes the process very flexible.
Some filler rods contain vanadium.
Filler is a copy
Filler is copies.
Filler is part of cigars.
Filler is tobacco.
Filler targets smaller users Filling machinery.
Fillers are completely empty ingredients with zero nutrients and zero calories.
Fillers are optional.
Fillers are used under high trays without grid.
Fillers are usually small clustered flowers that fill in the spaces between line and filler flowers.
Fillers are usually, wheat or corn.
Fillers Ask students to comment on the different ways speakers hesitate or play for time.
Fillers can never shout that they are fillers.
Fillers improve a sheet's smoothness, brightness, and affinity for ink.
Fillers increase the solids content of the formula.
Fillers interact with the cement in several ways.
Fillers There are three trusses the beam rests on.
Fillers undergo a similar process, but they utilize a kneading machine for the mixing.
Fillers usually help fill in odd spots in the layout, hence the name.
All fillers are mixed with silica aerogel for increased dissemination efficiency.
Many fillers continue to cure and shrink over long periods of time.
Some fillers are more chemically active and are called reinforcing agents.
Fillet knives are a necessity for any fisherman.
Fillet knives are offered for sale and knife sharpening is available.
Fillet knives flash as they trim piles of ruby red snapper and bluefish.
Most fillet knives are easy to sharpen, at least compared to the heavy blade of a hunting knife.
Fillet steaks are also the premium steak cut from beef.
Fillet welds pose additional problems in laser systems development.
A fillet is a nerve
Fillet isa steak.
Fillets are also available and good with recipes which include sauce.
Fillets are easy to eat because the bones have been removed.
Fillets are excellent basted and cooked over a charcoal fire.
Fillets are fasteners.
Fillets are formed into frozen blocks .
Fillets are formed into frozen blocks.
Fillets are great for grilling or deep-frying.
Fillets are meat.
Fillets are pieces.
Fillets are skinless unless otherwise stated.
Fillets are skinless, unless otherwise stated.
Fillets are the boneless sides of the fish cut away from the backbone.
Fillets are the boneless, lengthwise sections of flesh cut from the backbone.
Fillets are the form typically prepared.
Fillets are the meaty sides of fish with the bones removed but skin left on.
Fillets are the sides of fish cut lengthwise away from the backbone and are practically boneless.
Fillets are the strips of flesh from the sides of fish.
Fillets are thin and very delicate, and because the species is small it is often served dressed.
Fillets can also be deep fried.
Fillets have more of a tendency to fall apart.
Fillets have several types.
Fillets hold in the thwarts.
Fillets reduce underwater drag.
Fillets require pin-boning.
Fillets take less room in the refrigerator or freezer and cool more quickly.
Any fillet can make quick work of dinner preparation, but a vegetable, a change can be welcome.
Some fillets have skin.
Filleted flesh separates if it is left too long in the case.
Filling becomes firm as it chills.
Filling can occur on any portion of the coin.
Filling is a material
Filling is back fed reducing waste.
Filling is dental appliances.
Filling is flow.
Filling is flowing.
Filling is hires.
Filling is located in mouths.
Filling is materials.
Filling is minced meat and dried salted fish.
Filling is polyfiberfill.
Filling isa material.
Filling isa stuff.
Filling requires just a few seconds.
Fillings are a man-made material designed to fill in or restore the damaged areas of decayed teeth.
Fillings are best if used within one year and safe as long as lids remain vacuum sealed.
Fillings are like little batteries, and they generate electrical current.
Fillings are smaller than with conventional methods, making future fractures less likely.
Fillings can also repair areas of wear caused by brushing too hard and other habits.
Fillings can be almost anything that is imagined by the baker.
Fillings can decay and darken, too, as they weaken over time.
Fillings can extend into all five tooth surfaces and can cover lost cusps and extend subgingivally.
Fillings can have a multitude of ingredients.
Fillings can include ice creams with different fruit sauces, custards, mousses, puddings.
Fillings emit mercury vapour when people chew.
Fillings give off positive and negative electrical charges.
Fillings make a great way to use up leftovers.
Fillings provide a critical visual and entertaining effect.
Fillings vary, however, from region to region and even from family to family.
Any filling is risky.
Any fillings set with a plasma light are also harder than when set in a conventional way.
Some fillings are potates, green onion and lettuce.
Fillmore driver measures days by the tick of the clock.
Fillmore soils are lower on the landscape.
Fillmore soils have an albic horizon, are somewhat poorly drained and are in depressions.
A filly is a female
A filly is a foal
Fillies are much more difficult to keep fresh and happy.
Fillies develop quick, they come running, and they're bigger and stronger.
Fillies mature physically slowly.
Most fillies come in use within two years, and all by the time they are three.
Film actors are good available examples of the effects of circumcision and non-circumcision.
Film adaptation is a distinct possibility, especially given the book's publisher.
Film adaptations based on literary texts complement the readings.
Most film adaptations are nowhere near accurate representationsof the plays.
Film analyses are also welcome.
Film analysis is about sharing meanings.
Film analysis is an elective to students.
Film artists become managers.
Film awards are the U.K.'s answer to the Oscars.
Film badges are an appropriate way to monitor external individual dose.
Film badges are the most common way to monitor radiation exposure.
Film badges contain a piece of film that is sensitive to radiation.
Film badges have the disadvantage of being very sensitive to temperature and humidity.
Film badges look like badges and can be clipped onto a pocket or a belt.
Film badges work the same way as medical and dental X-rays work.
All film badges are to be exchanged monthly.
Film budgets range from very large to very small, depending on the type of project.
Film buffs can also feat their eyes on the latest releases.
Film buffs can test their knowledge with our movie soundtrack quiz.
Film buffs have no trouble finding a movie to suit their tastes.
Film buffs have varied viewings at multi-screen and arts cinemas, and there is a lively rock scene.
Film buffs head west to Hollywood.
Film buffs know their history.
Film buffs love that shit.
Film buffs recognize bad cinema, as well.
Film buffs treasure the impossibly long opening shot, done in one continuous take, without editing.
Any film buff can view virtually any frame from the film and identify it immediately.
Film cans are nice because they are expendable and inexpensive.
Film capacitors are the best for DC work.
Film cement is available from dealers.
Film censorship is nothing new in Lebanon, nor is it limited to things Jewish.
Film censorship touches the lives of everybody who watches films.
A film clip is a film
Film clips are an important and fun addition to lectures.
Film clips are films.
Film clips are metal or plastic clips used to prevent the curling of a length of drying film.
Film clips can bring some of the concepts into motion.
Film clips show people at work on open pits and underground mines.
Film credits are a little different.
Film credits descend over the final fade.
Film crew directs students during filming.
Film crew follows.
Film crews bring business to hotels, restaurants and retail establishments.
Film critics are a curious bunch.
Film critics are also a key to the success of an independent film, befriend film critics.
Film critics are no help.
Film critics are often divided about which films and actors deserve to win Oscars.
Film critics hate science fiction.
Many film critics end up parroting the Marxist line without even knowing it.
Film criticism is a strange thing at the best of times.
Film criticism is found in books and articles.
All film criticism is subjective.
Some film criticism is included.
Film culture can materialise anytime, anywhere.
Film developers have their own sites where they upload images from the developed film.
Film development is now necessary to keep the image in place.
A film director is a film maker
Film director accuses Indian govt .
Film directors are artists.
Film directors are cool.
Film directors are film makers.
Film directors are leaders.
Film directors fancy themselves as portrayers of a new world.
Film directors thrive in a media environment driven by powerful visual images.
Many film directors come to New York during the festival to discuss their films.
Film distribution is set up for release through major studios.
Film distributors attend to identify new emerging talent.
Film distributors edit their films for airline use.
Film distributors try to hype the hell out of a picture to get asses in theater seats.
A film editing is a creation
Film editing is accomplished with the help of computer software.
Film editing is computer controlled.
Film editing is non-linear.
Film editing is sort of like sculpting, too.
Film editing is used to determine which shots are to be used where and when.
Film editing is usually a matter of cutting together shots taken by multiple cameras on the set.
Film editors work sequence by sequence, eventually putting sequences together for the final product.
A film festival is festivity
Film Festival a.k.a.
Film festival attracts water enthusiasts .
Film Festival gives local short-filmmakers a chance to strut their stuff.
Film festival starts in Cannes Cannes, France.
Film festivals are a good way to promote.
Film festivals are about announcing new talent.
Film festivals are about the next movie.
Film festivals are another great way to explore the other side of contemporary movies.
Film festivals are armchair travelogues.
Film festivals are events.
Film festivals are festivals.
Film festivals are, after all, about the films.
Film Festivals can be one or the other or somewhere in between.
Film festivals generate buzz.
Film festivals please directors by putting films in a respectable context.
Film festivals See the film festivals directory.
Film festivals tend to attract viewers who are looking for avant-garde foreign films.
All film formats are available.
Every film format has a distinctive look.
Film frame is covered by first curtain.
Film gate has two open positions for threading and for shoes and pad inspection.
Film grain becomes noticeable in places, but it is never a distraction.
Film grain is a non-issue, despite the darkness of the film.
Film grain is almost always present, but the image is usually clean, with relatively good detail.
Film grain is also noticeable from time to time during the presentation, but it is never offensive.
Film grain is also noticeable in most places, but it is never overbearing.
Film grain is also noticeable, but never distracting.
Film grain is apparent in a couple of places, but really never draws attention to itself.
Film grain is apparent in a few shots, but never becomes obtrusive.
Film grain is apparent in many places, although it never becomes overwhelming.
Film grain is apparent in places, but it never really calls attention to itself.
Film grain is clearly visible in the enlarged version.
Film grain is handled with great care and is tightly preserved.
Film grain is noticeable from time to time, and the source element is in good shape.
Film grain is noticeable from time to time, but it is never bothersome.
Film grain is noticeable in a few places, but never becomes bothersome.
Film grain is noticeable in a handful of shots and is easily ignored.
Film grain is noticeable in a number of places and the film element has an occasion marking.
Film grain is noticeable in a number of spots, but it is never bothersome.
Film grain is noticeable in a numbers of places, as are early signs of nitrate decomposition.
Film grain is noticeable in places, but it is never bothersome.
Film grain is noticeable in places, but it never becomes bothersome.
Film grain is noticeable throughout the presentation, but it never becomes a distraction.
Film grain is noticeable throughout, but it is never too objectionable.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable during the presentation.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable during the unspooling, but never really becomes obtrusive.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable, but for the most part the image looks quite good.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable, but is never distracting.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable, but it is never distracting.
Film grain is occasionally noticeable, plus there are some age related marking on the film element.
Film grain is only occasionally noticeable during the presentation.
Film grain is present throughout the presentation, but it is usually mild.
Film grain is preserved in tight form maintaining mood.
Film grain is recorded tightly.
Film grain is slightly noticeable in a handful of shot, but it is never bothersome.
Film grain is somewhat noticeable at various points throughout the film, but is never distracting.
Film grain is somewhat noticeable during the presentation, but it is only a minor nuisance.
Film grain is somewhat noticeable in a handful of places, but it never becomes bothersome.
Film grain is somewhat noticeable in places, but it is never distracting.
Film grain is somewhat noticeable througout the film, but is never too bothersome.
Film grain is the transfer s only flaw.
Film grain is very fine and consistent throughout, aside from a few distracting shots.
Film historians name several sources.
Film historians say that the cartoons demystified the enemy.
Some film historians use it to explain the formulaic nature of the classic studio system.
Film history offers many models of what a cut can do.
Film holder is a light tight container to hold sheet film.
Film houses have a delightfuily unconscious pun in their Turkish name of sinema.
A film industry is an industry
Film industry classifieds, auctions and forums.
Film industry stars from around the world clamor to attend the twelve-day festival.
Many film journals contain both reviews and critiques.
Film libraries operate in much the same way.
Film magazines are available for both darkroom and daylight load applications.
A film maker is a producer
Film makers are artists.
Film makers are creators.
Film makers are healthy aware and kind of worried of that.
Film makers are leaders.
Film makers are producers.
Film makers click here.
Film makers eliminate silver and chemistry and film is good again.
Film makers have no more duty to be historians than do novelists.
Film makers know what it is that teens are willing to pay to see.
Film makers know what it is that teens arre willing to pay to see.
Film makers rely upon one camera for the majority of all movies which have ever been made.
Film makers tend to be cocky.
All film makers begin with the word, and the word is made film.
Many film makers are in a frenzy.
A film making is a making
Film making can be a complex business.
Film making is a business.
Film making is an expensive undertaking.
Film making is as much a science as an art.
Film making is one such endeavor, and so is education.
Film making is our passion.
Film making is the art of storytelling with pictures.
Film making is very interesting, but usually unavailable anymore.
Film music captures the imagination of the common man more than any form of music.
Film music does make thrilling concert music.
Film music has functions outside of the film as well.
Film music has to be coherent.
Film music is brassy, sassy, classy.
Film music is constrained.
Film music is different, though.
Film music is more popular today , and music from musicals .
Film music is more popular today, and music from musicals.
Film music is much wider.
Film music is no joke.
Film music is seen as a by-product of the film.
Film music is the classical music of today.
Film music is the most heard and least listened to music of the twentieth century.
Film music serves to accompany the drama told by the film.
All film permits are free.
Film plane is the plane at the back of the camera across which the film lies.
Film preservation is a recent idea.
Film prints are hideously expensive.
Film processing is a huge industry, and is a service that is needed by every household in America.
Film processing is also available.
Film processing is available for prints, slides, and viewgraphs.
Film processing is available on-board every day on a next day basis.
Film processing is the students' responsibility.
Film processing is widely available and one-hour service is common.
Film processing scratches film in other ways as well.
Film processing takes place in a darkroom, since radiographic film is very sensitive to light.
All film processing is the responsibility of the customer.
A film producer is a producer
Film producers are dumber.
Film producers are responsible for the cost of insurance and shipment of film prints.
Film producers are usually able to turn out a film on time and within budgetary limits.
Film producers can record action in front of a screen which is an unusual shade of blue.
Film producers fill a variety of roles depending upon the type of producer.
Film producers have access to groups which include leading scientists and government agencies.
Film producers have several choices.
Many film producers like to use red title lettering which is very difficult to perceive.
Film production is our specialty.
Film production is underway in Israel.
Film projection is an ephemeral experience, a rare moment, like a performance.
Film ratings provide another level in the problem.
Film reels are in order by county and tile of newspaper.
Film releases give a rhythm to our autumn.
Film resolution is measured in millimeters, but video resolution is measured in megahertz.
Film review is usually a staff effort.
Film reviews have an art in themselves.
Film rolls are cheap, too.
Film scanners are better than flat-bed scanners.
Film scanners are probably the best way to copy a negative.
Film scanners are typically SCSI interface.
Film scanners come in many sizes for use with various size film.
Film scanners Select for dynamic range, as much as possible, color accuracy is still key.
Most film scholars denounce the presence of the demon in the movie.
Film school can be wonderful and helpful, particularly in the theory aspect of the art and business.
Film school Going to film school is a popular way of getting a start for many film jobs.
Film school is a key topic.
Film schools are relative newcomers to the world of Internet-based education.
Film schools offer degree courses that include film production knowledge.
Film scores are peculiar things.
Film scoring is a high-pressure wnterprise.
Film screenings add three to four hours per week to class time for the majority of courses.
Film screenings are free and open to the public.
Film screenings are six hours a week in addition to scheduled class time.
Film screenings begin with two takes on women in traditionally male industries.
Film screenings can take place in the courtyard on warm evenings.
Film screenings supplement the lectures.
All film screenings are free and open to the public.
Film scripts are available from many sources.
Film sensitivity is high and grain and resolution is very fine.
Most film series invite several artists to show their work in one location.
Film songs are basic to Indian life and their influence is more pervasive than pop.
Film sound is comprised of conventions and innovations.
Film sound is where the sonic grows moist in the darkness of consciously privileged images.
Film soundtracks demand speed, power and wide dynamic range.
Film speed can also vary to a certain extent depending on the development of the film.
Film speed determines how much light is required for correct exposure of the photographic emulsion.
Film speed indicates sensitivity to light.
Film speed is a measure of how quickly light imprints on the image.
Film speed is a measurement that indicates a film's sensitivity to light.
Film speed is a number that indicates the film's sensitivity to light.
Film speed is also important.
Film speed is lost so start exposing with one stop open.
Film speed is the level of sensitivity that the film has to light.
Film speed is the sensitivity of a film to light.
Film speed refers to how light sensitive it is.
Film speed refers to the sensitivity to light for a certain film.
Film speeds are crucial to good clear shots.
A film star is a movie actor
A film star is principal
Film stars are the common denominator, the common language.
Most film stars hate being interviewed .
Film stills are the property of the originating film studio.
Some film stills are on-line.
Film stock is invented that can simultaneously record both image and sound.
Film stock is very expensive.
Film Strip is the third novel in the Strip series, following The Miracle Strip and Drag Strip.
Film studios turn empty lots into Martian landscapes one day, tropical rainforests the next.
Film studies are also very helpful.
Most film theaters are much smaller and acoustically dead.
Film theory is very important for filmmakers.
Film transfer requires a two person crew.
Film treatments are an example, or art proposals.
A film is a product
A film is a show
Film accepts all manual drawing instruments.
Film accepts company ink stamps and seals.
Film advances automatically when back is closed.
Film also costs less per each frame .
Film also tracks differently as light areas transition to shadow.
Film are in French with English subtitles.
Film becomes History, much as Literature melts into History.
Film becomes thicker, viscosity increases, solidification process.
Film begins in a French nightclub during a drunken bacchanalia.
Film belongs to directors.
Film can be an artistic expression or a form of communication.
Film can be an exciting medium for a playwright.
Film can be either positive or negative and emulsion up or down.
Film can be either the major or the minor part of a modified major.
Film can be so much more.
Film can be very expensive in developed and less-developed countries.
Film can be very expensive in the tropics.
Film can be very expensive when purchased abroad or in tourist destinations.
Film can mildew even after processing if improperly stored.
Film can provide evidence of the past.
Film can provide more information than text, graphic, and image.
Film can record only a limited brightness range.
Film can record the variable energies associated with the movement of light.
Film can sense the former, an electro-optical detection device is needed to sense the latter.
Film can store more data.
Film can with soap film over opening Hold the film can over the white paper in a brightly lit place.
Film Can, Make a water pump out of a film can.
Film catches a glimpse of eternity, but one loses the beauty of the ephemeral.
Film certainly works on a sub-conscious level.
Film chronicles the Acadian story.
Film combines people with space and time.
Film combines what's technically possible with what's creatively desireable.
Film comes in a can called a canister to cover it from light rays.
Film comes in a variety of brands, speeds, exposures and prices.
Film comes in different sensitivities, which are referred to as film speeds.
Film comes in many types, each geared for specific lighting situations and tasks.
Film comes in rolls, sheets or in bulk .
Film consists of six episodes of a fictional television game show called The Contenders.
Film contains an image that is of a higher resolution and contrast than HDTV can provide.
Film contains explicit slaughter scenes.
Film continues to grow in programs and education.
Film costs lots more per exposure.
Film creates a kind of hyper-reality.
Film cuts it.
Film defines the material.
Film demonstrates the importance of maintaining allegiance to one's cultural values.
Film detects far more visual information than is possible with a digital system.
Film developing service is also available at the Bookstore.
Film does a very good job of that.
Film does go on.
Film does have a limited life, as indicated by the date on the carton.
Film does have the advantage of being able to provide spatial information.
Film does it better.
Film elucidates the foreign in the familiar and reveals the contiguous in the remote.
Film ends in disaster.
Film examines the difficulties immigrant women face when they move to a new country.
Film explores both their schisms and bonds.
Film explores one of the most influential theorists of the anti-colonial movement.
Film explores pride, prejudice of a lifestyle.
Film exposes the crippling rules of engagement under which our fighting forces have had to operate.
Film famously creates an illusion, weaving the ordinary, the stale and the plain into magic.
Film fights back.
Film finds perfection in flawed characters .
Film focuses more on works of art than life of the artist.
Film follows the hopes and disappointments of a young man through the Great Depression.
Film follows, time permitting.
Film forming also refers to the relative strength of the cast adhesive film.
Film gives a fascinating insight into gypsy culture and traditions.
Film goes through the camera but stops quickly to expose, or imprint images on, each frame.
Film handles a wider range to lighting conditions which makes it better for location shooting.
Film highlights the Industrial Revolution in the United States.
Film hypersensitizing equipment is available as well.
Film illustrates good handling and transportation practices.
Film includes cinematography, interviews, and historical photographs.
Film includes mature love scenes.
Film includes performances by famous martial artists and rare footage of old masters.
Film is a brute force technology.
Film is a career field unfortunately dominated by men.
Film is a collaborative medium, on and off the set.
Film is a collective effort.
Film is a combination of art and industry.
Film is a completely different world.
Film is a condensed version of two films originally released in Europe as a two-part double feature.
Film is a creative art.
Film is a director's medium, there's no question about that.
Film is a director's medium.
Film is a dumb medium.
Film is a fiction and it applies to documentaries as well.
Film is a fragile medium and motion pictures, both old and new, face deterioration problems.
Film is a fragile medium and motion pictures, both old and new, face inevitable destruction.
Film is a fragile medium, and motion pictures, both old and new, face deterioration problems.
Film is a fragile medium.
Film is a global word, movie, mostly american, i.e. far fewer using it.
Film is a high resolution capture medium.
Film is a medium of barriers.
Film is a metaphor.
Film is a nationally marketed product with a very conservatively controlled distribution.
Film is a new medium, but it can convey an old, powerful, universal meaning.
Film is a non-realistic art form.
Film is a one man work .
Film is a peculiar phenomenon in many ways .
Film is a perfectly appropriate medium for discussing religious ideas.
Film is a permanent record.
Film is a physical thing that can be damaged, soiled or broken like any other object.
Film is a plastic base coated with particles of silver compound that are sensitive to light .
Film is a popular medium that circumvents the censorship of the cultural arbiters of fashion.
Film is a powerful communicator.
Film is a powerful means of instruction, a valuable tool for teaching humanities topics.
Film is a powerful medium because it can mold our perceptions.
Film is a powerful medium that can inspire audiences to make a difference.
Film is a powerful medium, combining music, art, drama and literature.
Film is a powerful medium.
Film is a problem as well.
Film is a proven medium that has changed very little over the last one hundred years.
Film is a rather limiting entity.
Film is a romantic medium.
Film is a separated output of the full color images on the computer files.
Film is a series of photographs that are presented in smooth continuous movement.
Film is a stern judge of how good the microscopy has been prior to capturing the image.
Film is a strong medium that can reach more hearts and minds.
Film is a thin sheet of plastic, used in packaging and bags.
Film is a time capsule.
Film is a time-space medium.
Film is a transition medium between reality and the scanner.
Film is a universal language.
Film is a very different kind of acting.
Film is a very different medium.
Film is a very effective and powerful medium.
Film is a very good media for story telling.
Film is a very powerful medium, and the distribution of it is really limited and controlled.
Film is a very powerful medium.
Film is a very, very powerful medium.
Film is a visual art, let's face it.
Film is a visual medium after all.
Film is a visual medium that impacts upon the audience differently than written words.
Film is a vital part of our culture.
Film is a wonderful medium to help get the message to the public about what is really happening.
Film is about evoking emotion.
Film is about money.
Film is about telling a story.
Film is about time travel essentially.
Film is activated just before filling and sealing, so light never comes in contact with food.
Film is all about the pieces.
Film is also a medium that coincides with and contributes to the invention of modern life.
Film is also acceptable.
Film is also an allegorical satire of the self-indulgence of modern history.
Film is an art form so powerful and arrogant as to claim exemption from such discipline.
Film is an art form, a business, and a form of entertainment.
Film is an art form.
Film is an art, a beautiful art.
Film is an especially powerful medium, especially in reaching people who have been denied literacy.
Film is an excellent tool for initiating critical thinking skills in students.
Film is another story.
Film is another.
Film is arguably the most powerful medium fro reflecting changes in modern society.
Film is art because it is goes beyond reality to become something more than reality.
Film is art.
Film is as a starting point for discussion about diversity, identity, and culture.
Film is at the least a mass art.
Film is automatically advanced to the first frame when the camera back is closed.
Film is automatically advanced to the last frame when the camera back is closed.
Film is available at most shops throughout the park.
Film is available at souvenir and gift shoppes in the village.
Film is available for purchase aboard ship and in the various ports.
Film is available in a wide range of widths, thickness and colours.
Film is available in the main towns.
Film is available on board.
Film is available on video and DVD .
Film is basically a lot of silver halide crystals suspended in gelatin on a plastic backing.
Film is better right now.
Film is better than ever.
Film is better.
Film is both a method and an art form.
Film is business.
Film is by and large a director's medium.
Film is capable of pointing the light on the dark sides of our souls.
Film is certainly available in Greece but can be expensive.
Film is cheap compared to peoples time.
Film is cheap, and the record they provide of times together are priceless.
Film is cheap.
Film is clearly a powerful form of communication, exposing the human character.
Film is colorful, friendly, warm, responsive.
Film is completely the opposite.
Film is considered a classic of Italian neo-realism.
Film is dead.
Film is Dead.
Film is deposited if available, and hard copy is accepted when there is no film.
Film is deposited into receiver tray, ready for viewing in about two minutes.
Film is developed as regular slides.
Film is developed.
Film is drama on stage colliding with technology.
Film is easier to work on.
Film is easy to load, and the camera is easy to operate.
Film is entertaining but misses the mark laugh-wise, especially considering the subject matter.
Film is exceedingly sensitive once it has been exposed to light.
Film is expensive and hard to develop afloat.
Film is expensive enough as it is, and it's even pricier in Europe.
Film is expensive in Bali.
Film is expensive in Nepal, more so in Tibet.
Film is expensive in Spain, and gasoline is a significant expense.
Film is expensive material, and creating it is a laborious and time-consuming process.
Film is expensive.
Film is expired and has started to degrade.
Film is far cheaper than the time or gasoline necessary to revisit the scene.
Film is fillum and flowers are flahrs without regard to tribe.
Film is film and video is video.
Film is film.
Film is finished.
Film is forever.
Film is fragile.
Film is free and open to the public.
Film is free.
Film is good.
Film is great for everything, especially when drum-scanned and printed.
Film is hard to find.
Film is hard, with high heat-distortion temperature.
Film is history.
Film is ideal for showing alternate and parallel time lines.
Film is in good condition with no scratches.
Film is in Japanese with English subtitles.
Film is in the fridge below the stereo.
Film is inexpensive compared with going back to try it again so shoot lots of film.
Film is inexpensive.
Film is infinite choice unlike boxed action.
Film is intimate.
Film is just a catalyst, to get to more substantive issues.
Film is just like vinyl.
Film is just so archaic now.
Film is language.
Film is less expensive but more difficult to use.
Film is less so.
Film is like an assembly line, and music comes very late in the process.
Film is like velvet.
Film is loaded in the old converted office.
Film is made up of chemical grains.
Film is made up of silver crystals.
Film is meant to communicate.
Film is more closely akin to the novel.
Film is more expensive in Europe, especially in tourist areas.
Film is more expensive in Germany.
Film is more popular than print because film requires less effort to get something out of it.
Film is more sensitive than the eye in registering changes in the color of light.
Film is more sensitive to ultraviolet lights than our eyes are.
Film is more than it appears.
Film is more than the twentieth-century art.
Film is moved from one cassette of the type shown to another.
Film is much more difficult.
Film is near mint to mint.
Film is necessarily inferior to writing.
Film is next.
Film is no different.
Film is no exception.
Film is no longer an issue for most patients or procedures.
Film is no longer the necessary medium for image display.
Film is notched in upper right hand corner for emulsion identification.
Film is now an intricate resource in the education of our children, both in school, and informally.
Film is of limited use.
Film is on sale everywhere in Denmark.
Film is one of the means of paying the very heavy price.
Film is one of the most important ways that modern culture reflects on itself.
Film is one such medium.
Film is open-captioned.
Film is our culture's most powerful medium.
Film is over priced.
Film is packaged with the manufacturer's exposure guidelines for different lighting circumstances.
Film is part one in a trilogy.
Film is perhaps the major art form of our time.
Film is photograph painted with light.
Film is physical and bulky.
Film is placed inside the camera box .
Film is placed inside the camera box.
Film is preferred for both four-color and black and white ads.
Film is preferred for both two-color and black and white ads.
Film is preferred, but laser copy, disk, and e-mail are acceptable.
Film is pressed against a brass cooling plate in the lid of the camera by the optical plug.
Film is pretty amazing stuff.
Film is processed and printed off campus.
Film is processed and the images are posted on the Web site for viewing and print ordering.
Film is quite expensive.
Film is rare, out of date, and costs more than the average professional's monthly earnings.
Film is readily available in Turkey.
Film is reflective of the ideology of society.
Film is relatively inexpensive compared to the cost of most any trip.
Film is retained for one year and then destroyed.
Film is romantic in the cutting room.
Film is sensitive to heat and needs to be protected, especially after it has been exposed.
Film is shot as a series of flashbacks during the court martial.
Film is simply too expensive, too reliant on the bottom line, to achieve the same art form.
Film is so pass .
Film is so tricky, so demanding, so much harder than people think it is.
Film is something that's an inspiration.
Film is something they simply have to do.
Film is still a primarily visual medium.
Film is still ahead in the race.
Film is still available.
Film is still better, but how much better is relative.
Film is still in production.
Film is still superior, richer.
Film is still the best image capture medium.
Film is still the cheapest way to get copies of high-quality prints to give to family and friends.
Film is still the purest medium of true photographic quality outside photographics paper itself.
Film is straightforward.
Film is such an engrossing medium that just watching it is a creative act.
Film is such an incredible medium that utilizes so many art forms, literature, music, performance.
Film is supposed to be, above all, visual.
Film is supposed to preserve appearances.
Film is that simple and that forgiving.
Film is the art form that most directly portrays the mentality of our times.
Film is the cheapest part of photography.
Film is the cornerstone for bringing images from the past into the present.
Film is the expression of much fuller ideas.
Film is the first generation original image, there is no way to get better results than from film.
Film is the first major art form to seep up from the lower economic classes.
Film is the grand storyteller, where ideas and dreams unfold in color and sound and motion.
Film is the least costly storage media.
Film is the 'more international' word, definitely.
Film is the most expensive format but is also of the highest quality.
Film is the most powerful medium.
Film is the poetry of emotion always in action.
Film is the public literature and graphic art of our time.
Film is the recorder that stores the information about the object.
Film is the standard choice for all feature films and many documentaries.
Film is the story of the distance between an ideal self and a real one.
Film is the ultimate escape from reality for dreamers.
Film is the universal interchange format that provides access to images around the world.
Film is the universal language.
Film is the youngest art form, the one most reliant on technology.
Film is therefore the only truly archival medium.
Film is time-driven, it never ruminates, it shows the outside of life, it shows behavior.
Film is to be processed by the campers at a lab of their choice.
Film is to be supplied by the student.
Film is to be supplied in one piece per color, each identified by color.
Film is too dark in many ways.
Film is too discontinuous.
Film is too expensive to just go in and roll like a fly on the wall.
Film is too powerful a medium to be surrendered to market forces.
Film is transported from one brass spool to another.
Film is tremendous, but there is nothing like seeing people live .
Film is two-dimensional.
Film is unmounted and placed in a film holder for scanning.
Film is used in palletizing products for long term outside storage.
Film is very commercial, predictable, but, IMO, a true classic.
Film is very different from theatre.
Film is very much alive, friends.
Film is vulnerable to damage and expensive to copy.
Film is well-suited to deliver montages of sounds, photographs, and films.
Film is what the printer uses to put ink onto paper.
Film is wound on and rewound manually.
Film is, very simply, a light-sensitive emulsion on a plastic base.
Film isa artifact.
Film isa event.
Film just keeps getting better and better.
Film lasts one hour and is in Hebrew with English subtitles.
Film live footage and sequence it with one video clip.
Film looks at the extraordinary achievements of Africa's indigenous civilizations.
Film looks bluish, or iridescent.
Film looks far, far, far better.
Film looks like another time.
Film looks velvety soft, and feels warmer.
Film looks whitish, cloudy, or milky.
Film loves crime because it's fast, loud and hip.
Film needs on-going care and attention if it is to continue to tell our story.
Film needs the right amount of light to make a picture.
Film needs to be developed and the photographs correlated with the survey forms.
Film needs to be in cold, dry storage.
Film negatives right reading emulsion down.
Film never comes into play.
Film offers drama fans vivid performances and stunning cinematography.
Film offers higher resolution than scanners currently available in the local computer store.
Film only captures a relatively narrow spectrum of light values.
Film only has plain old sprocket holes.
Film opens with an unblinking gaze at girl's corpse.
Film permits that involve coordination with several different agencies or jurisdictions take time.
Film plays an incredibly important role in the American understanding of history.
Film portrays short love affair between photographer and Iowa farm wife.
Film produces today's best representation of color.
Film promotes the work of independent and alternative filmmakers.
Film provides a story synopsis of the Ramayana.
Film provides excellent results for general-purpose photography.
Film provides the illusion of a more direct apprehension of reality.
Film provides very high resolution images with a wide dynamic range.
Film puts the conflict in a historical, political, religious, and ethnic context.
Film reacts differently.
Film reacts to light .
Film receives raves and reaches public through Internet.
Film records the frustrations, animosity, and fear that soon pervade the class.
Film records things photographically, as images, but things also happen to the film physically.
Film reflects and shapes our inner spiritual realities.
Film reflects society, and vice versa.
Film related toys are but a part of the merchandise mix.
Film remaining indicators, incorrect loading alarms and frame count are all standard features.
Film reports .
Film reviews guest editorial.
Film rides the crest of a computer-generated waves The Perfect Storm .
Film rolls through the projector and the same film is shown on the television.
Film runs diagonally.
Film seems to be going the way of the buggy whip and the carburetor.
Film seems to be the most true of all representations, but that perception is an illusion.
Film seems to start again.
Film set in World War II has navy frogmen fighting underwater.
Film shown is subject to change.
Film shows couple through police and court intervention.
Film shows how deaf children can learn to speak and listen through oral deaf education.
Film shows how deaf children can learn to speak through oral deaf education.
Film stars inside and outside the structures of Hollywood.
Film stars with skin conditions on and off screen.
Film still awaiting development and audio and video still has to be reviewed.
Film still has a long life ahead of it.
Film still has somewhat better resolution, contrast and color gamut.
Film still works just fine.
Film strains credibility, but has a bang-up ending.
Film strips Native speakers to discuss cultural topics, etc.
Film suggests common sense rules for personal safety and avoidance of abuse.
Film takes a cynical look at bourgeoisies aping their former rulers.
Film takes up too much computer memory, and the quality is similar to the old nickelodeons.
Film tells the story of one farmer who refused to return the land.
Film tells the story of wife abuse from the man's experience of it.
Film tends to be expensive in Europe.
Film tends to be more sensitive to reds than blues.
Film There are dozens of movie theaters in Berlin, from multiplexes to art cinemas.
Film touches on themes of sexual freedom, war and peace, drug use, and equality.
Film touches upon the history of fire in the life of man and illustrates safety rules.
Film uses moving photographs to narrate a story, express emotions and convey ideas.
Film uses photographic grains, CCD chips have picture elements, known as pixels.
Film Using film to burn plates is still preferred throughout the printing industry.
Film viewing outside of class is required.
Film viewings with discussions from a psychoanalytic perspective.
Film visually recreates the time period for a student.
Films accompany the study of each play.
Films adhere faster and there is less rework.
Films affect perceptions.
Films aim to foster respect for biodiversity and natural habitats.
Films also come in a variety of other styles, such as clear, static-cling, and adhesive backed.
Films also come in different sizes.
Films also function as displays of fashion.
Films also help make the course more enjoyable.
Films also make the course more enjoyable.
Films also portray historical periods, and are products of the time when they are made.
Films also provide the option of laminating one side or both sides of an item.
Films are a catalyst.
Films are a geography, a stylized construction of place .
Films are a good example.
Films are a poisoned chalice for writers, particularly for crime writers.
Films are a poor medium, commercials, a rich one.
Films are a representation of the stereotypes and beliefs of the culture within which they are made.
Films are a universally popular and easily accessible entertainment.
Films are a universally popular and easy entertainment.
Films are a very important aspect of information technology and speak well to the whole person.
Films are about actors.
Films are about body language , conflict and moment to moment.
Films are about emotions.
Films are about the only source of real entertainment in India.
Films are all good choices.
Films are alphabetical by title.
Films are also on reserve for viewing in the library.
Films are always funnier, sadder, scarier in a crowd.
Films are an action medium.
Films are an assemblage of shots and sequences.
Films are an important component of a vision of contemporary Mexico.
Films are an important part of the course.
Films are an integral part of our visual culture.
Films are an integral part of the course.
Films are aprropriate for all audiences.
Films are artistic expression.
Films are available and they also take divers on their film expeditions.
Films are available for loan to schools and community organizations throughout Arizona.
Films are available for purchase.
Films are available free of charge.
Films are available in several languages.
Films are available of the operation.
Films are available on the history page.
Films are available to all high school language classes in Wyoming as well as to civic groups.
Films are central to the course and are selected to complement the texts and lectures.
Films are central to the course.
Films are created by directors.
Films are dependent on good scripts, dialogue and acting.
Films are films.
Films are films.
Films are free admission.
Films are free and open to the public.
Films are FREE for all to attend.
Films are free of charge in order to encourage student participation.
Films are free unless otherwise noted.
Films are free.
Films are full of sex and violence.
Films are hard and glossy and resist acids, alkali and water.
Films are heavy lumbering vehicles.
Films are highly inflammable.
Films are in English and undubbed.
Films are in English or their original language with English subtitles.
Films are in French with English subtitles unless otherwise indicated.
Films are in media library.
Films are in Spanish unless otherwise noted.
Films are in Spanish with English subtitles unless otherwise noted.
Films are in Spanish with English subtitles.
Films are just bigger and longer.
Films are just one part of the industry, though.
Films are limited to two or three a year, often co-productions with other countries.
Films are lit.
Films are located in cabinets.
Films are located in drawers.
Films are located in movies.
Films are mandatory.
Films are mediums.
Films are Mexican unless otherwise specified.
Films are much more of a challenge.
Films are neither Christian nor non-Christian.
Films are next.
Films are objects.
Films are of interest.
Films are one of the primary ways in which contemporary myths are told.
Films are particularly expensive.
Films are photographic paper.
Films are seductive.
Films are seven-day advance listing only.
Films are sheets.
Films are so frustrating.
Films are stackable and take up less space than agar plates in the incubator.
Films are subject to change without notice.
Films are subject to change.
Films are sub-titled and speakers present in English.
Films are the goal for the future.
Films are the hardest thing to do in the world.
Films are the memories of the planet.
Films are the next stop.
Films are the primary texts for the course.
Films are thus dense and fairly stable as deposited with modest compressive stress.
Films are to be returned the day after they are scheduled to be shown.
Films are typically classics and adhere to a theme.
Films are typically in the 'adult' isle of a movie store or in hard core porn shops.
Films are used for films.
Films are used for foil.
Films are used for movies.
Films are used for negatives.
Films are used for records.
Films are usually about the transformation of the characters as they learn from their experiences.
Films are usually self-contained.
Films are very powerful.
Films are watchs.
Films are websites.
Films are worth studying .
Films are wrapping.
Films based on books traditionally attract a new readership with tie-in titles.
Films based on music are traditionally difficult to pull off.
Films based on true stories are unique cinematic animals.
Films become less and less like real life because no one wants to see real life.
Films become uplifting, romantic adventures.
Films begin at dusk.
Films begin at sunset.
Films build bridges and encourage encounters.
Films can also have other interactions with different generic film types.
Films can be functional or flashy, thin or thick, clear or opaque.
Films can be mindless fun and they can also be works of art.
Films can be on any format.
Films can be short.
Films can bring a lesson to life.
Films can get away with a flightiness of plot that drags novels down.
Films can lend themselves to distancing because of what they achieve through cutting.
Films can often benefit by being made that way.
Films can only make a picture from focused lights.
Films can receive the impression as well as ordinary dry plates.
Films can shape the way people view the world and create and enforce beliefs.
Films can still change the world, y'know.
Films can uplift the spirit of man or, like narcotics, they can deaden the senses.
Films can work in a lot of ways.
Films come back all the time.
Films come in a wide range of thicknesses, sizes, and special properties.
Films come in different thicknesses.
Films compromise their reality to better serve their narrative purposes.
Films construct images about social reality.
Films create more awareness and more interest.
Films deal with reality.
Films define our problems as a culture and offer solutions.
Films depend upon ticket revenues, signified by mass public support.
Films depict various campaigns waged by Korean independence fighters and militia.
Films deposited by spinning are ready for diffusion.
Films die without distribution.
Films do it too . . .
Films do take a long time getting made, especially if they are labours of love.
Films drift out again so fast.
Films end approx.
Films enter and leave circulation without ever passing into the hands of a qualified archivist.
Films exist in various forms and stages.
Films express ideas in some unexpected ways.
Films feature actors.
Films feature child actors.
Films feature obscure actors.
Films Find the latest entertainment, indie film, and digital entertainment news.
Films first compete at a regional level.
Films follow life.
Films has a chairperson who is elected by the general membership.
Films have (part) chapters.
Films have (part) items.
Films have (part) paragraphs.
Films have (part) sections.
Films have (part) word order.
Films have a great range if they are properly exploited.
Films have a very short shelf life and the delay has only helped fill the coffers of pirates.
Films have a whole new life.
Films have directors but so do television programs.
Films have durations.
Films have girls.
Films have power.
Films have scenes.
Films have sight poetry.
Films have success.
Films have the capacity to reach the ends of the earth.
Films have to be well organized and well prepared before they can be well made.
Films have to fit with the general idea of the site.
Films help sell Cambodia.
Films highlight the judgment that Vietnam was a devastating war for all involved.
Films illuminate the national narrative.
Films indiens .
Films influence our manners, attitudes, and behaviors.
Films is a web site created to show the work of photographers and film makers.
Films is there to capture the scene.
Films just go on endlessly.
Films keep an eye on things.
Films leave impressions.
Films listed have a Christian raiting and a moviemaking quality rating.
Films listed in purple text are of particular queer interest.
Films made by veterans tend to be more realistic and dark.
Films made in Taiwan are eligible for the competition.
Films make references.
Films now add to that inventory of escapism.
Films offer contemporary perspectives on African life and art.
Films ought to have cut the book off at the knees.
Films play a part as well, such as Most Wanted.
Films play in a dozen theaters, and a children's museum entertains young fans.
Films promote ideas.
Films provide a level of durability and clarity unavailable from other protection options.
Films provide a neutral approach to discussion rather than creating impulsive and violent reactions.
Films provide no exception.
Films provide people with stories to interpret their world.
Films raise important questions about life, questions the church too often is unwilling to ask.
Films raise questions about the adequacy of explanations in our secular culture.
Films range from documentaries to mainstream art and everything in between.
Films range from general use polyethylene to shrink wrap, stretchable, reinforced designs.
Films range from recent independents to decades-old classics.
Films range from the latest box office hits to the classics.
Films reflect adult concerns.
Films reflect and have the power to change cultural attitudes.
Films regarding tall ships are also constantly on show.
Films regularly shown in theaters are composite prints.
Films require detailed models to give the effect of real objects.
Films reveal insight.
Films routinely deliver better print quality than emulsion.
Films run every hour and educational programs are scheduled.
Films scan results utilizing a laser camera and process via automatic equipment.
Films See local movies and listings on our online move page.
Films seem to be the way to go.
Films seem to change monthly, or at least yearly.
Films seem to have that miraculous power to help people deal with their lives.
Films selected include recently released hits, independent and international films, and classics.
Films serve as support for reading materials.
Films show British, Russian, and American troops entering the German death camps.
Films show events.
Films show marked demineralization.
Films show that they lead as well as respond in dialog with parents.
Films shown in a series that concentrates on one key topic are entertaining and educational.
Films shown include both recent releases as well as classics.
Films shown throughout the day provide an introduction to the park and volcanology.
Films shows just how much.
Films starring woman and about women are too few and far between.
Films start at dusk.
Films supplement readings, lecture, and discussion.
Films take a long time now, because each is a one-off.
Films take months or years to produce.
Films take on the character of the substrate underneath.
Films take time to download.
Films tend to play it safe by copying other recent successes and following proven formulas.
Films tend to select and exaggerate.
Films use a lot of computer generated images.
Films uses a technique called higher order surfaces or curved surfaces.
Films using suspense can afford a slower, more even pace.
Films always originate in emotions.
Films frequently supplement lectures and discussions.
Film often comes close to achieving that.
Film often paints lawyers as vultures or fools.
Film often requires long exposures to obtain an image.
Films often have powers that extend beyond simple entertainment.
Films often serve as handbooks of social behavior.
All film is cleaned and lubricated before processing.
All film is cleaned, lubricated, and inspected prior to projection.
All film is developed by rotary tube.
All film is documentary, is verite.
All film is fresh.
All film is of the highest quality and meets recognized standards.
All film is processed by a local processing specialist shop.
All film is processed commercially by students outside of class.
All film is processed to exact manufacturer's recommendations.
All film is sleeved in archival quality material for protection.
All film is sold fresh with expiration dates on each roll.
All film is to be supplied right reading emulsion down negatives.
All films are a product of the political movements of the day, and reflect current trends.
All films are about muffins.
All films are approximately one hour in length, unless otherwise specified.
All films are available by mail order.
All films are available for rental or purchase within the United States.
All films are available for sale or rent from Facets Multimedia.
All films are available on video for purchase or rental.
All films are either in English or are subtitled in English.
All films are free and are followed by post-screening discussions.
All films are free and have English subtitles.
All films are free and open to the public.
All films are FREE and open to the public.
All films are free of charge and open to the public.
All films are free of charge and the public is invited.
All films are free, wheelchair accessible, and open to the public.
All films are free.
All films are gelatin based.
All films are Icelandic with English subtitles.
All films are in Bengali with English subtitles.
All films are in color and most are considered artistically as well as politically important.
All films are in English or are subtitled.
All films are in English or have English subtitles.
All films are in English or Japanese with English subtitles.
All films are in English or with English subtitles.
All films are in English unless otherwise indicated.
All films are in English with presentation and discussion.
All films are in Farsi with English subtitles, unless otherwise noted.
All films are in French language with English sub-titles.
All films are in French with English subtitles.
All films are in Hebrew with English subtitles.
All films are in Hindi with English subtitles and contain songs.
All films are in original languages with English subtitles if necessary.
All films are in Spanish with English subtitles.
All films are in the foreign language indicated with English subtitles unless otherwise stated.
All films are in the original language with subtitles in English.
All films are in their original dialects with English subtitles.
All films are in their original language with English subtitles or translation.
All films are in their original language with English subtitles.
All films are in their original versions with English sub-titles.
All films are Israeli with English subtitles.
All films are less than an hour unless indicated on the schedule.
All films are no longer than twenty minutes.
All films are on reels and in the film can.
All films are returned professionally packaged and labeled.
All films are reviewed based on entertainment value for the type of film it is.
All films are right reading, emulsion down.
All films are separate admission unless otherwise noted.
All films are silane based.
All films are silent unless noted otherwise.
All films are silent unless otherwise noted.
All films are subject to change based on availability.
All films are subject to change.
All films are sub-titled and the course is taught in English.
All films are sub-titled in English.
All films are suitable for young age groups.
All films are the creations of the students.
All films are transparent and can easily be tinted.
All films are welcome.
All films are with English subtitles.
All films brought along on the night are eligible for entry into the Film Festival.
All films contain a series of paces unknown to the viewers.
All films contain acrylate monomers which can be irritating to the skin.
All films contain both iterative and singulative aspects.
All films contain English subtitles.
All films contain mistakes, or 'bloopers'.
All films deal with women in the food industry.
All films fail unless they are supported by government loans or subsidies.
All films feature English subtitles.
All films have a moral.
All films have an in bold type after the film screening time.
All films have English subtitles.
All films have excellent clarity and cling.
All films have French subtitles.
All films have interdisciplinary uses.
All films have subtitles in English.
All films have subtitles.
All films have their applications.
All films listed as homework are on reserve in library.
All films reviewed are available as DVDs or videotapes from local video stores at time of review.
All films shown are in Spanish with English subtitles.
All films shown are the subject of an analytical essay by the students.
All films shown in the institute's gallery are in English or with English subtitles.
All films take a certain suspension of disbelief.
All films talk about what happens in the arena.
Any film can be offensive to anyone.
Any film can have all sorts of problems and difficulties to overcome during production.
Any film dealing with such subject matter has to be violent and use grisly imagery.
Any film is likely to purport some amount of propaganda.
Any films listed on the syllabus are an integral part of the course.
Every film begins with an idea .
Every film contains musical elements.
Every film gets a unique number, which is composed of three pairs of digits.
Every film goes through lots of editorial changes.
Every film has a speed rating on the box.
Every film has a spiritual title, as well as the one they put up on the marquee.
Every film has an impact, every project.
Every film has some ounce of likable substance or style.
Every film is a collaboration between director and composer, and to some extent the editor.
Every film is a differ ent exper ience.
Every film is a new film, and everyone becomes a non-believer overnight.
Every film is constructed with certain characteristics in order for it to be successful.
Every film is different.
Every film is still very stressful.
Every film needs a catfight.
Every film needs an action scene.
Every film starts with a script.
Every film takes place somewhere.
Many film developing services now offer scanned images on disk or via Web download.
Many films also have a higher insulation factor that retards the loss of heat in the winter.
Many films also have a low E coating that resists the passage of heat.
Many films also have a low-E coating that resists the passage of heat.
Many films also spin off successful soundtrack albums.
Many films are available for rent or purchase as videos.
Many films are available for review both prior and during the festival.
Many films are available for review both prior to and during the festival.
Many films are available on video format.
Many films are either based on a novel or a play, original screenplays are relatively rare.
Many films are observations of everyday life and investigations of history in one.
Many films coming out are far too long and drawn out.
Many films deal with danger.
Many films focus on the U.S. and Latin America.
Many films geared towards kids and adults like to get on with the main plot as quickly as possible.
Many films go out of their way to push the audience aside.
Many films have a higher insulation factor that retards the loss of heat in the winter.
Many films have coastal life as background screen.
Many films have several reviews, it's a good way to hear many opinions on a single movie.
Many films have supernatural or metaphysical plots, characters, and themes.
Many films have their own websites prior to release.
Many films have to be restored scene by scene, frame by frame.
Many films recount notorious crimes.
Many films require multiple discs.
Many films use words to describe life, to illuminate life.
Many films utilize a foley track because sound as recorded on the set is often unusable.
Most films actually keep out approx.
Most films affect perceptions.
Most films aimed at capturing teenage angst are either sappy, mindless, or just plain lame.
Most films are available for sale to educational institutions in video format.
Most films are available in English or with English subtitles.
Most films are average or below.
Most films are fiction, which is no problem.
Most films are free to the public.
Most films are lucky to contain a single great sequence.
Most films are more eloquent about their makers' intentions than about their society's ills.
Most films are produced from materials from the elastomeric and plastic categories.
Most films are simple and easy to rate after one viewing.
Most films are uncertificated at the time of screening.
Most films are under an hour long.
Most films depend on a conflict between good and evil for their dramatic impact.
Most films employ a unidirectional chronological order which is quite rare in the novel.
Most films fail to show mosquitoes as vectors.
Most films feature child actors.
Most films feature obscure actors.
Most films follow a decades-old blueprint that has been around since the dawn of movies.
Most films follow characters.
Most films follow life.
Most films give way too much away.
Most films have chemicals that are sensitive to visible light energy.
Most films have English subtitles to ensure everyone understands what's happening.
Most films have English subtitles.
Most films have girls.
Most films have scenes.
Most films have some saving grace.
Most films have subtitles and are free.
Most films have success.
Most films have their moments.
Most films have two reprinted reviews.
Most films just talk down to the audience or make it tongue in cheek.
Most films leave impressions.
Most films limit themselves to one or two.
Most films make references.
Most films never have enough time to do justice to the story they're supposed to be telling.
Most films promote ideas.
Most films reveal insight.
Most films show events.
Most films use a combination of dialog, music, and natural sound.
Some films achieve badness.
Some films adopt a single fixed strategy for spatial extension and maintain it throughout.
Some films are about violent things.
Some films are already in languages other than English.
Some films are bigger than others.
Some films are definitely less affected than others.
Some films are extremely sensitive to light and require little light to make an exposure.
Some films are guilty of nothing more than having a snappy title.
Some films are much more than the sum of their parts.
Some films are obviously better than others.
Some films are only available dubbed in English.
Some films are prepared for that gala spotlight.
Some films are remade over and over.
Some films are short, less than a minute long, and are more like visual one-liners.
Some films are simply enjoyable adventure stories.
Some films are subtle in the message that they seek to convey to their audience.
Some films are very artistic, and some plays silly and insignificant.
Some films are, by nature, intended for adults only.
Some films become disasters.
Some films can overcome fan-based backlash.
Some films can really be tiresome.
Some films carry different titles in different countries.
Some films combine entertainment with instruction, to make the learning process more enjoyable.
Some films come balanced for specific light sources other than daylight such as Tungsten.
Some films cram in as many cuts as possible, while others take the minute as an unbroken stretch.
Some films deliberately blur the boundary between fiction and documentary.
Some films earn their stripes through incredibly courageous, gutsy twists at the conclusion.
Some films earn up to two thirds of their income overseas.
Some films educate.
Some films end with a happy note and it just seems wrong.
Some films enlighten.
Some films exhibited in the movies are quite as suggestive.
Some films explain physiology.
Some films focus on regions.
Some films frighten.
Some films generate energy.
Some films have additional information listed.
Some films have adult content, so viewer discretion is advised.
Some films have an older age limit than seven years.
Some films have dreams.
Some films have fans.
Some films have middles.
Some films have more extensive information, such as director biographies and links to reviews.
Some films have more imagination than most big budget Hollywood movies.
Some films have more than one poster available.
Some films have more than one protagonist, which expands the scope of audience indentification.
Some films have rights.
Some films have strength.
Some films help students.
Some films involve screens.
Some films just seem to unusual for no reason, as if being strange just for the sake of being so.
Some films maintain a slow loss of efficiency over the exposure times typical for astrophotography.
Some films manage to have the whole be greater than the sum of the parts.
Some films prevent reproduction.
Some films react to light more rapidly than others.
Some films rekindle memories of childhood.
Some films show danger.
Some films simply defy genre classifications.
Some films take places.
Some films take precaution.
Some films take several precaution.
Filmed entertainment includes box-office, home video and television programming.
Filmfare awards are popularity based.
Filming are photography.
A filmmaker is a producer
Filmmaker Seeks Real people for movie.
Filmmakers agree that words are necessary, praiseworthy, even indispensable.
Filmmakers agree to work digitally and with limited budgets in exchange for funding.
Filmmakers are another group whose preference lies in CDs.
Filmmakers are available for interview.
Filmmakers are excited about presenting their films.
Filmmakers are free to express themselves and to compete with each other.
Filmmakers are generally loath to accept X-ratings for two primary, and connected, reasons.
Filmmakers are in attendance to introduce their films before the screening.
Filmmakers are now free to find their own ways.
Filmmakers are only responsible for telling a good story.
Filmmakers are responsible for their creation.
Filmmakers are welcome to show projects in any other venue that also has a non-exclusive agreement.
Filmmakers argue that it's too expensive to do a location shoot in Alaska.
Filmmakers beget video store clerks beget Tarantino who has become an adjective.
Filmmakers can apply for the foundation's environmental media grants.
Filmmakers can find new ways of telling stories and new ways of expressing themselves.
Filmmakers can list their projects in the database for no charge.
Filmmakers can now get the big-budget look at a fraction of the cost.
Filmmakers can now only submit animation pieces.
Filmmakers can request waivers.
Filmmakers can show their work free of charge.
Filmmakers can sign with distributor.
Filmmakers can submit finished work for inclusion on the site.
Filmmakers can submit their films and there is also a large interview,articles and links section.
Filmmakers can submit their films for screening opportunities.
Filmmakers consistently trash female lawyers.
Filmmakers do have a duty to tell the truth.
Filmmakers do have some say over their material.
Filmmakers do the same.
Filmmakers even hint at the possibility of a sequel in the end.
Filmmakers get nothing, other than a potentially wide audience for their work.
Filmmakers have to be very careful.
Filmmakers have to create actual plots, themes, and suspense without any actual talent to do so.
Filmmakers have to understand that the selections process is complicated and time consuming.
Filmmakers ignore the use of inference and explicitness has become the norm.
Filmmakers know about film, distributors know about distribution.
Filmmakers know nothing about it.
Filmmakers know what to do with a game designer.
Filmmakers like to create worlds.
Filmmakers manipulate timbre continually.
Filmmakers never know if they're ever going to make another film.
Filmmakers never like to talk 'til projects gel.
Filmmakers offers both equipment and instruction to student filmmakers.
Filmmakers produce products, a videographer goes out and shoots something.
Filmmakers profit by pandering to the public's desires to see darker men and fairer women.
Filmmakers Purchase Tickets Find information of purchasing tickets for events and shows here.
Filmmakers receive financial accounting for all rentals, leases upon request.
Filmmakers retain ownership of the films.
Filmmakers run out of ideas long before the final.
Filmmakers say it's dangerous to forgo an R just to improve the bottom line.
Filmmakers seem more willing to take risks in the short film format.
Filmmakers shorten their titles all the time in correspondence and speech.
Filmmakers sit in their ivory towers creating visions but few check out the ground reality.
Filmmakers take actors very seriously.
Filmmakers take wickedly funny jabs at the sham and glitter of the music business.
Filmmakers touch the masses.
Filmmakers use stories to entertain and enlighten.
Filmmakers write the contracts so that the artists have the best deal.
Filmmakers always have Paris.
Filmmakers always have to respond to the social environment.
Filmmakers always insist on adding in explosives.
Filmmakers often choose to ignore reality in depicting ethnic groups or history.
Filmmakers often prefer to make movies in countries that offer tax breaks and other incentives.
Filmmakers often use a technique called ray tracing to render light and reflections in images.
Filmmakers usually interpret the genre's subject matter in one of two ways.
All filmmakers are available for phone interviews.
All filmmakers are seers.
All filmmakers are teachers.
All filmmakers are welcome to participate.
Every filmmaker has a gimmick.
Every filmmaker has influences.
Every filmmaker is afraid of that.
Every filmmaker wants to get into the top festivals.
Many filmmakers come in person.
Many filmmakers enter here before anywhere else.
Many filmmakers fall flat at the fine line between the two.
Many filmmakers go into business for themselves eventually.
Many filmmakers hope to shoot ten films in their career.
Many filmmakers know what good taste is, and stay within the bounds of good taste and good rules.
Many filmmakers make a short movie to raise money and interest for a longer film on the same theme.
Many filmmakers prefer it because of the special style it gives the picture.
Many filmmakers shoot abroad and then return to shoot the close-ups here.
Many filmmakers unconsciously express their culture's paradigms in the stories they tell.
Most filmmakers are content to rework the formula over again.
Most filmmakers are incredibly inarticulate regarding music.
Most filmmakers are intelligent and articulate, and some are even nice.
Most filmmakers get on the street or they're very high up.
Some filmmakers are against they way video looks.
Some filmmakers are already there.
Some filmmakers are hesitant.
Some filmmakers consider their films art and some artists make films.
Some filmmakers distill their craft to the essence of what they want to express.
Some filmmakers form corporations with the intent of financing specific films.
Some filmmakers get enough clout to sell almost anything.
Some filmmakers know that kids are smart and can handle adult-type stories.
Some filmmakers look to spoof their way to the big time.
Some filmmakers make a determined effort to accurately represent the history behind their movies.
Some filmmakers play the game for the money.
Some filmmakers really have a very adversarial relationship with their subjects.
Some filmmakers record on a separate digital audiotape recorder, syncing soundtrack to image later.
Some filmmakers send their films back to the lab saying the color isn t right.
Filmographic data is provided for each film, along with a plot synopsis and commentary.
Filmresearch research reports.
Filo dough comes in fresh or frozen paper-thin layers and is similar to strudel pastry.
Filo dough is available in the grocer's frozen food section.
Filopodial behavior is dependent on the phosphorylation state of neuronal growth cones.
A filovirus is an animal virus
Filoviruses are a family of viruses that resemble a tiny piece of string.
Filoviruses are a major category of emerging viruses .
Filoviruses are animal viruses.
Filoviruses can grow and cause sever damage to the liver, spleen, lymph nodes and lungs.
Filoviruses operate very skillfully and are quick to destroy their hosts.
Filter bags hang in a sturdy house.
Filter bank has applications in areas like video and audio coding, data communication, etc.
Filter bank is on the left side.
Filter banks are more general than biorthogonal wavelets, and are easier to adapt to boundaries.
Filter categories provide a powerful solution for restricting unwanted material at the user level.
Filter coffee is also best in making iced coffee or cold coffee.
Filter cutoff is controlled by aftertouch, which allows the filter to sweep in sync with the loop.
Filter design is discussed in one of the extensive appendices.
Filter designs differ depending on planned placement.
All filter design Provides economical protection with no spare parts to clean and maintain.
Many filter effects take a complex series of steps involving some very counter-intuitive twists.
Filter factor depends upon the film's sensitivity.
Filter factor is approx.
Filter factor is determined by the film's sensitivity.
Filter feeders can concentrate toxins through biological magnification.
Filter feeders can help clear water .
Filter feeders can help clear water.
Filter feeders eat algas.
Filter feeders feed on the detritus and the detrital organisms.
Filter feeders get food.
Filter feeders have tentacles.
Filter feeders include whales.
Filter feeders ingest food.
Filter feeders live in environments.
Filter feeders live in marine environments.
Filter feeders obtain their food by straining plankton from the water.
Filter feeders pull in current and feed upon tiny planktonic organisms and larvae.
Filter feeders pump sea water, and any plankton or pollution it carries, through their bodies.
Filter feeders use methods.
Many filter feeders compete for space on the ocean floor.
Most filter feeders eat algas.
Most filter feeders get food.
Most filter feeders have tentacles.
Most filter feeders ingest food.
Most filter feeders live in environments.
Most filter feeders live in marine environments.
Most filter feeders use methods.
Some filter feeders consume fish.
Some filter feeders consume small fish.
Some filter feeders eat plankton.
Some filter feeders eat zooplankton.
Some filter feeders find food.
Some filter feeders pump water.
Some filter feeders remove particles.
Some filter feeders swim through water.
Filter function recognizes only high frequency changes.
Filter function recognizes only low frequency changes.
Filter keys enable users to slow the keyboard repeat rate.
Filter media comes in many forms.
Filter media is to be treated with antibacterial and antifungal agents.
Most filter media have a mechanical function.
Filter object is used to set up the scope and the filter expression.
Filter paper Apply specimen to filter paper to fill the required number of circles.
Filter paper has holes.
Filter paper is conditioned by adding de-ionised water while using the vacuum pump.
Filter paper is conditioned by adding de-ionised water while using vacuum pump.
Filter paper is paper
Filter paper is paper.
Most filter paper has holes.
Filter presses offer the most effective cake filtration performance.
Filter problems cause email misdirection.
Filter programs can block out sites that parents deem objectionable.
Filter programs rely on a database of known adult sites.
Most filter programs work by blocking a defined list.
Filter strips are an effective practice to improve and protect surface water quality.
Filter strips are wide strips of vegetation located to intercept overland sheet flows of runoff.
Filter strips can also serve to reduce erosion and compaction of equipment to and from a field.
Filter strips increase the infiltration of runoff into the soil.
Filter strips lose effectiveness when channelized flows occur.
Filter strips require some management for successful and continued operation.
Filter strips work best when they are part of an overall conservation plan.
Filter strips work best when water flows at a shallow uniform depth across the filter.
Filter sunlight inhibits photosynthesis.
A filter is a device
Filter acts as a surrogate expansion chamber.
Filter annoyances only .
Filter applies a moving window neighbourhood transformation to the input map.
Filter applies special effects that apply to an object.
Filter bellows for environmental friendly outloading.
Filter brings up a filter menu.
Filter comes out clean the next day.
Filter consists of two coated layers with coatings protected in center.
Filter contents through a folded paper filter into a graduated cylinder.
Filter controls the types of objects that are displayed on the map.
Filter emails from remove-list.
Filter ends sealed in food grade plastisol.
Filter explain table rows.
Filter falls off truck and gets damaged.
Filter helps prevent foreign material from entering engine.
Filter homogenate through several layers of cheesecloth and one layer of miracloth.
Filter insert fully interchangeable.
Filter is a mail sorting program that comes with the elm software.
Filter is a polypropylene membrane manufactured without glue, adhesives, metal, or epoxy.
Filter is also the poor mans filter.
Filter is different from procmail, in that it uses english commands.
Filter is free.
Filter is ideal for well water users with iron and sulfur and city water users with chloramines.
Filter is just an interface that users can implement to provide their own filters.
Filter is likely to be clogged.
Filter is ON .
Filter is one of the lesser-known VBScript functions available.
Filter is recorded.
Filter is reusable and replacements are readily available.
Filter is set to correct frequency by adjusting the inductance of the tubing coils.
Filter is very useful to see the big oval nebulae.
Filter lasts for approx.
Filter lasts three months.
Filter lists options for picture sharpening, softening, stylizing, distortion, etc.
Filter needs to be installed on the local machine.
Filter presses, pumps, rotary oil mills, diaphragm pumps.
Filter prevents the release of oil vapours and unpleasant odours.
Filter proves that they have more to offer.
Filter pumps in the engine room pump wastewater over the filters.
Filter records in a query.
Filter releases CDs with unpretentious artwork on the liner notes yet with music that kicks butt.
Filter relies on a third-party rating scheme to enable or disable access.
Filter remotes sites from campus network.
Filter requires shaking in order to clean it, depositing dust on floor beneath.
Filter resumes with comprehensive automated job matching to find the perfect candidate.
Filter samples through a mesh and rinse to remove formalin.
Filter solvents baths to remove grit and water, and then reuse.
Filter specifies the name of the filter needed to load the source document.
Filter sterilize the medium.
Filter sterilize the vitamin solution and add to the autoclaved medium.
Filter supports a choice of extensibleMatch.
Filter uses structured configuration files for settings and user information.
Filter vented caps are also available.
Filters accept full transmitter power and reduce spurious emissions.
Filters affect the list of files displayed by the file chooser.
Filters affect the real-time characteristics of messages that are received or sent by an object.
Filters affect the way content is displayed.
Filters allergens and prevents sickness.
Filters allow advertisers to select from targeting menu.
Filters allow control over what kinds of items are to be listed in the workbasket table of contents.
Filters allow multimedia searching.
Filters allow the user to quickly define specific clients, dates, and transaction types.
Filters allow unimportant devices to be skipped and important devices to pass through.
Filters also allow viewing and manipulating only certain kinds of data.
Filters also are notoriously easy to defeat.
Filters also block certain words from appearing on computer screens.
Filters also cool the smoke slightly, making it easier to inhale.
Filters also do a good job of removing chlorination byproducts and improving taste.
Filters also help maximize the life expectancy of a drip-irrigation system.
Filters also help with audit reduction.
Filters also lose their effectiveness with continued use.
Filters also makes it possible to do a few nice things.
Filters also remove sand, clay, and other matter, improving water taste and appearance.
Filters also succeed in removing dust and other floating debris.
Filters are a commodity product, but come in many different types and qualities.
Filters are a fraction of that.
Filters are a good way of handling mailing list messages.
Filters are a last resort.
Filters are a location that can cause problems.
Filters are a necessary evil.
Filters are a powerful way to manage one's mailbox on an everyday basis.
Filters are a quite simple way to create good looking effects.
Filters are a technology that is very fallible.
Filters are a valuable tool for responding to ad hoc requests for information.
Filters are a very flexible way to specify exactly which pages to download and which ones to ignore.
Filters are a very important component in the system.
Filters are a very useful tool for scientists.
Filters are add-on modules loaded at runtime.
Filters are all different and made for different needs.
Filters are already in place.
Filters are also available for providing graphics conversion and document conversion.
Filters are also available from most hardware stores and home supply centers.
Filters are also in some ways more secure.
Filters are also prone to clog and malfunction, as consumer magazines have detailed.
Filters are amazing and powerful, but can be a bit tricky.
Filters are another hazardous factor with cigarette butts.
Filters are another story.
Filters are another way to alter an image.
Filters are at best imprecise tools which can generate unpredictable results.
Filters are available at camp supply outlets.
Filters are available for growth and value stocks.
Filters are available for standard and high temperature applications.
Filters are available for wide and narrow bands.
Filters are available from a variety of sources.
Filters are available here .
Filters are available in a wide variety of sizes and fittings.
Filters are available in individual prescriptions.
Filters are available in rectangular, circular and ridged waveguide.
Filters are available in several colors, for most reflector sizes.
Filters are available in the following sizes.
Filters are available on request from the laboratory.
Filters are available to convert one type of film to another.
Filters are available to remove the harmonics.
Filters are available.
Filters are CDMs that communicate with the storage device.
Filters are changeable only by qualified people.
Filters are cheap and normally easy to replace.
Filters are commands that change files.
Filters are commonly of fabric, fiber, ceramic or other screening material.
Filters are convenient and easy to use.
Filters are devices.
Filters are dumb.
Filters are easliy set with simple forms.
Filters are easy to change.
Filters are easy to reach and remove for cleaning.
Filters are easy to replace by removing cartridge holder.
Filters are easy to use.
Filters are effective for a short time only until they are filled up with solids.
Filters are effective for approximately six months.
Filters are effective in removing all organisms except the smallest viruses.
Filters are electrical devices.
Filters are environment-specific.
Filters are especially helpful when looking for specific records in a large database.
Filters are especially useful in avoiding spams.
Filters are everywhere.
Filters are expensive to install and maintain.
Filters are extremely simple.
Filters are fast, flexible, and can be used without indexes.
Filters are fine for giardia and creepy-crawlies of that sort, but won t kill viruses.
Filters are for city slickers.
Filters are for underage smokers.
Filters are form-based. . .
Filters are fully user-customizable.
Filters are fundamentally antithetical to that mission.
Filters are generally non tested devices simply designed to work with only one or two contaminants.
Filters are good news and bad news.
Filters are granular per protocol, and source and destination ports and addresses.
Filters are great for making our experiences more manageable in the moment.
Filters are ideal for single cups of tea on the go.
Filters are imperfect at best.
Filters are important to maintain the chiller s performance.
Filters are in place for the protection of the equipment.
Filters are in place to help sort out sites that contain potentially offensive material.
Filters are inexpensive and prevent the emitters and sprayers from clogging.
Filters are intermediate objects between the source and destination of a flow.
Filters are just as bad as outright bans.
Filters are likely to be helpful in building such scripts.
Filters are mechanical devises unable to think or make judgements.
Filters are mechanistic.
Filters are more or less becoming a commodity product, though a necessary one.
Filters are more popular than lens as it is more economical and flexible.
Filters are necessary because they capture perc from the wastewater.
Filters are often in units.
Filters are often ineffective even if they say they remove giardia.
Filters are on computers located in the children's sections.
Filters are one means of controlling access.
Filters are one of the keys to maintaining good air conditioning unit efficiency.
Filters are only active on dump type 'p'.
Filters are only as accurate as their last update.
Filters are optional, with O-ring seals between all filter rings.
Filters are part of cigarettes.
Filters are part of the answer.
Filters are practical and easy to use.
Filters are programs that are often command-line oriented.
Filters are reactive objects that monitor and classify event flow within a distributed system.
Filters are readily available on the internet for free as well as commercial.
Filters are ready for hybridization.
Filters are required to clear the water flowing back to the reservoir.
Filters are sets of instructions that determine how e-mail programs deliver specific messages.
Filters are simply a collection of rules.
Filters are specifically graded soil designed to prevent the migration of fine grain soil particles.
Filters are still better, though.
Filters are technically incapable of blocking all such material.
Filters are the anode and the cathode, respectivily.
Filters are the same story.
Filters are to photography what adjectives are to writing.
Filters are tools that block Internet content.
Filters are top removal to reduce worker exposure.
Filters are transfer function-based for easy design, analysis and realization of custom filters.
Filters are unable to block sites that are new.
Filters are unreliable and can block much excellent content.
Filters are used for filtrates.
Filters are used for purifying water.
Filters are used to enhance contrast.
Filters are used to take away parts of the signal .
Filters are used to take away parts of the signal.
Filters are used to view an object at particular frequencies or frequency ranges.
Filters are user extensible, too.
Filters are usually available to minimize the effect of ultraviolet energy.
Filters are very common in e-mail systems .
Filters are very common in e-mail systems.
Filters are very useful for some types of astrophotography and visual work.
Filters are very useful in interpreting colors into their equivalent grey tones.
Filters are way cool.
Filters are well-defined, with intuitive controls based on sliders and check boxes.
Filters become much more interesting when they change their parameters in real time.
Filters block a whole lot of other things that are protected by the Constitution.
Filters block access to critical, constitutionally protected speech related to many subject areas.
Filters block all but the fluorescent wavelengths of light emitted by the suspended cells.
Filters block Internet users from accessing certain sites, such as pornographic images.
Filters block obscenities or words that infringe trademarks.
Filters block some legitimate Web pages.
Filters block ultraviolet radiation from sunlight and artificial light.
Filters can allow some x-rated Web pages if there is nothing on the specific page to be excluded.
Filters can also automatically extract binaries, archive, or save articles as text.
Filters can also counteract a rise in homocysteine.
Filters can also perform custom authentication and data compression.
Filters can also put a copy of a project into a mailbox for a student.
Filters can also search memo fields as well.
Filters can automatically file mail into folders.
Filters can automatically sort, reply to or even delete messages.
Filters can be cheap or expensive.
Filters can be custom designed to meet customer specifications.
Filters can be either flat bottomed or cone shaped.
Filters can be either inclusive or exclusive.
Filters can be either visual or nonvisual.
Filters can be for source or destination addresses.
Filters can be part of the main application or external programs called plug-ins.
Filters can be pulse-cleaned with the press of a button.
Filters can be setup to route emails into different folders, depending on the message header.
Filters can be 'stacked' - a combination of filters can be used together.
Filters can be useful for specialty shots.
Filters can be very useful in selecting a subset of all records both for viewing and printing.
Filters can be washable or disposable.
Filters can check message headers against a list of known or suspected spammers.
Filters can combine multiple criteria.
Filters can detect scripts or other active content and can warn of unusual traffic patterns.
Filters can enable the user to display rows that contain a certain value or criteria.
Filters can have a number of actions defined.
Filters can have leakage, and allow objectionable material to slip through unblocked.
Filters can ignore comments, count lines and be saved to files.
Filters can impose the producer's viewpoint on the community.
Filters can make a big difference on the appearance of Jupiter's clouds.
Filters can make the process of reading E-mail much easier and more efficient.
Filters can modify a stream of events as they pass on to the final application.
Filters can only do so much.
Filters can operate out of the pond or submerged, and can be nearly any size.
Filters can reduce the number of items displayed from a large search.
Filters can remove both chlorine and THMs.
Filters can set a personality to use when replying to matched articles.
Filters can soften the hard edges, but there are so many choices.
Filters can take out some chemicals from drinking water.
Filters can test more than one column in a table.
Filters can transform text and images.
Filters can withstand high temperatures.
Filters can, and do, screen out perfectly legal and useful information.
Filters chlorine, odors, dirt particles.
Filters clean the passenger compartment air.
Filters clean the water of visible particles and improve the taste.
Filters clog prematurely, creating flow restrictions and ultimately total blockages.
Filters coefficients at specified lags.
Filters collect dirt and dust and, in some cases, even contribute to indoor air pollution.
Filters come back hazardous as well.
Filters come in almost any color but the most common are yellow, orange, green, blue and red.
Filters come in several types.
Filters come in two main shapes, round and square.
Filters condense huge volumes of sensory data and related memories into manageable proportions.
Filters consist of a patented pleated microfiltration membrane and a high-tension mesh warp.
Filters control the colors recorded by passing some colors and blocking others.
Filters control the spectral characteristics of the illumination sensed by the camera.
Filters control the wavelengths of light recorded.
Filters convert documents from one format to another.
Filters convert printed files into a format the printer can handle.
Filters correspond to the comparators in traditional constraint hierarchies.
Filters create electronic noise, the deeper the filter, the greater the noise.
Filters Despeckle the image.
Filters determine the population to which a given query can apply.
Filters differ greatly in their ability to disinfect water.
Filters differ widely in their identification of harmful material.
Filters do affect x-ray detection.
Filters do eliminate spam mail.
Filters do exactly that.
Filters do so in most cases by sending water through an iodine-laced cartridge.
Filters do work, and they work well.
Filters drop in - no disassembly needed to change filters.
Filters effectively remove bacteria and parasites, including cryptosporidium and giardia.
Filters enable the rapid deployment of broadband services to the consumer market.
Filters enumerate on top of iterators and filter out a set of objects that match a certain criteria.
Filters experience and knowledge with the very latest in micro-filtration technology.
Filters fail .
Filters feature one stainless-steel screen.
Filters folder, replacing any earlier version.
Filters generally act out three rules.
Filters generally have a list of banned sites and keywords.
Filters give parents a false sense of security.
Filters give photos cool new looks with sparkles, textures and other image enhancers.
Filters have a number of uses beyond just identifying mail from individuals.
Filters have a tendency to implode causing a restriction.
Filters have an added complication at no extra cost, that of placement.
Filters have both an author name and a filter name.
Filters have different densities.
Filters have many features.
Filters have tight cohesion but loose coupling.
Filters have to be watched carefully for clogging and cleaned out often.
Filters Having filters is probably the most appreciated addition.
Filters help keep ventilation systems free of dust and dirt.
Filters help prevent access to such sites, without blocking out the entirety of the Internet.
Filters help too.
Filters here help to coax blue hues out of the dust-white skies.
Filters however can also block in the wrong way.
Filters humanize the mathematical hard edges of images.
Filters impose the producer's viewpoint upon the community.
Filters increase contrast.
Filters inhibit web searching and browsing.
Filters install quickly and easily.
Filters just make it easier to avoid the seamier stuff.
Filters keep the crud out .
Filters last up to three months.
Filters let the user view a smaller subset of the data.
Filters limit the frequency from the input to the display.
Filters limit the results to the most relevant solutions.
Filters listed here are perfectly fine to shoot with .
Filters lock into place via ball spring detents.
Filters look at messages and take actions according to what they find.
Filters look for patterns in the mail headers.
Filters lose their purpose when they block out appropriate material because they share a same word.
Filters make content inaccessible to some users.
Filters make it possible to smooth, sharpen or reduce noise to enhance images.
Filters make it possible to zero in on very specific sets of users or sections of a site.
Filters make it possible.
Filters make webvertising an even more integral part of the Web experience and Web business model.
Filters match patterns the same way as roles.
Filters modify an image by working with the pixel color values, generally using complex equations.
Filters normally drop inbound connection attempts and allow outbound connection attempts.
Filters now can monitor more than just pornography and racism.
Filters offer another method for controlling the color of light.
Filters only apply to the upstream traffic.
Filters only enhance the beauty.
Filters only serve to lessen eyestrain over long periods.
Filters operate as middleware in the pathway between the spool direcotory and the device.
Filters operate by absorption or interference.
Filters operate on principles of decency.
Filters page to configure the filters.
Filters particulates from samples.
Filters pass some light and absorb others.
Filters perform the actual translation, and are chained together to perform complex translation.
Filters permit the reader to limit the scope of navigation to a given area of interest.
Filters phase shift signal.
Filters present an initial high cost and are associated with high maintenance associated.
Filters prevent most bad chemicals from coming out of smokestacks.
Filters process incoming requests.
Filters produce color by subtracting wavelengths of light.
Filters Produces high-performance automotive oil and fuel filters, for sale online.
Filters protect the system's pump and gas bench.
Filters provide a low ripple supply that minimizes false tripping of occupancy detectors.
Filters provide a means by which data can be transformed.
Filters provide a method of sorting through the thousands of currently available newsgroups.
Filters provide a particular look or feel to an image.
Filters provide one means of Internet access control.
Filters read data, perform some operation on the data, and output the result.
Filters reduce the number of particles which get into the irrigation system.
Filters relating to Jockey form at track and distance are examples of added filters to be available.
Filters Remove any foreign matter usually found in gases such as oil and sludge.
Filters remove dirt from air before reaching the motor.
Filters remove dust and debris before they reach the air blower and heat-exchange coils.
Filters remove dust and insects.
Filters remove finer levels of impurities.
Filters remove fish waters, sediment, and algae, which help keep the pond balanced.
Filters remove smaller particles than strainers.
Filters remove waste matter and help keep the water pure for months at a time.
Filters require periodic backflushing depending on the amount of contamination in the water.
Filters results to remove duplicates and broken links.
Filters reverse line-feeds and various other control characters.
Filters run on the server.
Filters signal digitally.
Filters simply screen out information.
Filters simply strip, change, re-map, and convert text characters and strings of text characters.
Filters stop the fish from slipping out with the waste water.
Filters Take aim with accuracy.
Filters transform data into data, e.g. contrast stretch or edge detect.
Filters typically refer to e-mail programs used to send mail messages to a particular mail folder.
Filters Use Filters to deliver incoming messages to specified folders.
Filters use three primary approaches to inappropriate material, and each has pedagogical problems.
Filters used are usually discs of stainless mesh or porous sintered powder.
Filters uses in making color separations, red, blue, green.
Filters vary in their degree of complexity.
Filters vary in thickness considerably.
Filters work briefly for chemicals but become a haven for bacteria and virus.
Filters work by performing specific actions on messages that meet certain user-defined criteria.
Filters work by physically trapping particles larger than the pore size.
Filters work by pumping a handle manually.
Filters work by rejecting light in certain frequency ranges.
Filters work fine for incoming mails.
Filters work in a number of ways, and with varying degrees of success.
Filters work quite well.
Filters work well in conjunction with the ability to sort and store messages in different folders.
Filters always take the address of the page table as a parameter, and they always return true.
Filters often contain more than one media type.
Filters often fail to block as advertised, and inevitably block valuable and useful information.
Filters often have the ability to use wildcards to create a comprehensive blocking strategy.
Filters often restrict access to noncontroversial sites.
Filters sometimes crack and can cause eye damage.
All filters are available in case quantities at discounted prices.
All filters are extremely fragile, and normally the foils are provided with a fine mesh support.
All filters are new, but stocks are limited.
All filters are of the highest quality for superior results.
All filters are oxygen whitened.
All filters are self-cleaning.
All filters block information that librarians felt was non-prurient and inappropriately blocked.
All filters can then use the information passed in the response and act appropriately.
All filters can use the information stored in the response and act appropriately.
All filters come in custom made sizes.
All filters feature simple twist and pull filters which makes changing an easy no fuss task.
All filters have a non-glare surface to make viewing easier.
All filters have an implicit deny .
All filters includes a protective padded and lined pouch.
All filters including reduced aperture are ready to use.
All filters now have both vertical and horizontal split screen previews.
Every filter is a highly complex solution to a specific applications.
Every filter is an active object.
Every filter is priced at wholesale and backed by a solid warranty.
Many filters are available free as parts of demo products, or freeware from the web.
Many filters are expensive enough that it is almost worth trying to get a matching telescope.
Many filters automatically block personal home pages, because they often contain pornography.
Many filters can be fine-tuned.
Many filters only implement GetNumDropped and GetNumNotDropped .
Many filters require periodic cleaning to remove trapped matter and organisms.
Many filters tend to be bulky and complicated.
Many filters use color transformation, or affect the colors in the image in other ways.
Many filters use keywords or ratings, which can result in massive over-blocking.
Most filters actually improve in efficiency with use.
Most filters also clear out particulate matter.
Most filters are fairly inexpensive and can be purchased at a good camera store.
Most filters are fairly straightforward in their use, but a few filters deserve special treatment.
Most filters are inadequate because they let the small particles get through.
Most filters are resolution independent.
Most filters can fit inside the funnel for draining.
Most filters come in sets and are zipped together for smaller downloads.
Most filters come with a rubber boot that secures the filter to the flashlight.
Most filters currently act simply as content filters.
Most filters do a good job of removing organic material and consequently, most viruses.
Most filters expose one or more interfaces for setting properties on the filter.
Most filters fail to do the job because of poor component selection and poor layout.
Most filters have some sort of foam block or floss insert on which nitrifying bacteria attach.
Most filters look at a Web site when a child points to that site with the Internet browser.
Most filters produce only one color.
Most filters rely on site selected blocking.
Most filters remove medications, making repeated applications necessary.
Most filters require a correction to be applied to the instrument focus.
Most filters share basic features.
Most filters take the selection rectangle into account.
Some filters add a purifier.
Some filters also offer an activated-charcoal screen to fight odors and cigarette smoke.
Some filters apply to Web sites only.
Some filters are available to reduce the higher order contamination.
Some filters are better than others at removing bacteria from water.
Some filters are rather clumsy in blocking sites.
Some filters are reusable and are supposed to be taken out, washed with a hose and re-inserted.
Some filters are washable and can be cleaned when clogged or dirty.
Some filters can do both.
Some filters combine a larger pore size with resin which releases iodine on demand.
Some filters combine mechanical and chemical methods to reduce impurities.
Some filters convert job files to different formats that the printer can understand.
Some filters have to be installed in a certain direction to work properly.
Some filters incorporate iodine resin or charcoal filter.
Some filters look for different content.
Some filters make it difficult for librarians to customize stop lists or unblock the filter.
Some filters mimic conventional photographic filters, but many transform images in unusual ways.
Some filters needs to be replaced, while a few can be washed and reused.
Some filters put ripples, camera flashes, or textures on designs.
Some filters require more frequent changing than others, and prices vary.
Some filters shrink their output, others increase it.
Some filters use a keyword search method.
Some filters work both sides of the fence, and can be used with either color or black and white.
Some filters work on current selections others create whole new objects.
Filtered sunlight is best.
Filterings are events.
Filthy cars mean work.
Filthy living has no acceptable excuse.
Filthy lucre is . . .
Filthy lucre is net incomes.
Filthy lucre is profits
Filthy lucre is that money which comes from bribery, and from exploitation.
Filthy lucre makes people go nuts.
Some filthy sheets lie wound into a sticky ball on two beds, one of which is overturned.
Filthy skylights filter a dim light into the stairwells and halls.
Filtrate concentration increases.
Filtrate flow is unobstructed and hydraulic capacity is unlimited.
A filtrate is a product
A filtrate is fluid
Filtrate becomes more concentrated b.
Filtrate is free of formed elements, and almost free of protein.
Filtrate passes from the glomus to the coelom.
Filtrates are fluid.
Filtrates are products.
Filtration also improves the reliability of the water supply.
Filtration begins with flow rate.
Filtration can be a continuous process when installed in parallel.
Filtration can be effective in traumatic rhabdomyolosis as well.
Filtration can keep both gases and liquids clean and extend the life of plant components.
Filtration can remove much of the goodness from beer along with the haze.
Filtration can seperate the two ingredients.
Filtration captures the particles.
Filtration consists of a trickle filter and skimmer.
Filtration consists simply of a small overflow which drains into a sump.
Filtration depends on pressure.
Filtration enables the efficient use of all types of irrigation water.
Filtration imparts no taste and requires no contact time.
Filtration improves product quality and reduces scrap ates.
Filtration increases amylase excretion.
Filtration increases excretion.
Filtration increases productivity.
Filtration increases urinary excretion.
Filtration is a hydrosponge with a power head.
Filtration is a method used to separate a liquid from a solid.
Filtration is a non-specific process.
Filtration is a passive process driven by the hydrostatic pressure of the blood.
Filtration is a rather simple consideration for reef aquaria.
Filtration is a standard practice for maintaining the particulate cleanliness of process gases.
Filtration is achieved by the movement of the water through the screen orifices.
Filtration is also a solution to the problem of using UV disinfection in turbid water.
Filtration is also effective, as the agent absorbs to the filters themselves.
Filtration is an action
Filtration is an alternative to drying, but costs are relatively high.
Filtration is another way to separate mixtures.
Filtration is cheaper, leaves a clearer beer, and has less effect on flavor.
Filtration is covered in some detail.
Filtration is covered quite extensively.
Filtration is dependent on the net filtration pressure.
Filtration is done by pressurizing the reactor with nitrogen of approx.
Filtration is driven by Starling forces .
Filtration is generally expensive and time consuming, so heat and chemical methods are preferred.
Filtration is important in removal of high levels of oxidized minerals.
Filtration is included to maintain bath purity.
Filtration is increased as blood pressure increases.
Filtration is key in any system solution to indoor air quality.
Filtration is largely nonselective.
Filtration is minimal to non-existent.
Filtration is most efficient if the stem of the funnel contains a continuous liquid column.
Filtration is natural processes.
Filtration is necessary in combating sulfur formation as a mineral or in biofilms.
Filtration is necessary to meet that standard.
Filtration is number one.
Filtration is of course critical.
Filtration is of particular benefit to patients who require extensive platelet support.
Filtration is one method of obtaining safe water.
Filtration is one of the functions most widely performed by geotextiles.
Filtration is one way to remove some contaminants from water using a beam of ultraviolet light.
Filtration is one way to separate a mixture.
Filtration is optional.
Filtration is performed by pressurizing the reactor with nitrogen.
Filtration is possible because the stems of plants catch sediment particles.
Filtration is probably the most practical method for recovery from drinking water and liquid foods.
Filtration is slow enough to keep the fish in water at all times.
Filtration is the initial step in urine formation.
Filtration is the most common way to keep algae out of the water garden.
Filtration is the most reliable and economic remedy available to the bottled water industry.
Filtration is the process of straining a solid suspended in a liquid.
Filtration is the secret and key indicator.
Filtration is unnecessary for optimal operational performance.
Filtration is used following softening to further purify the softened water.
Filtration is used in all sorts of purification methods.
Filtration is usually minimal, except where there is expensive indoor decor or smoking is permitted.
Filtration is very important.
Filtration is vital before using the perfusate.
Filtration is when solid particles are separated from a liquid.
Filtration isa process.
Filtration occurs in the glomeruli.
Filtration occurs in the glomerulus, as described above.
Filtration occurs in the renal corpuscle .
Filtration occurs primarily on the basis of size and to a lesser extent on the basis of charge.
Filtration removes any remaining particles.
Filtration removes float particles.
Filtration removes particles.
Filtration removes soil particles and plant material that can interfere with disinfection.
Filtration takes a long time and several changes of paper are usually necessary.
Filtration takes place between horizontally stacked filtration plates.
Filtration takes place inside steel pressure vessels.
Filtration takes the muck and leaves out of the pool.
Filtration varies from model to model and brand to brand.
Filtrations allow the transfer of results to nongraded algebras.
Filtrations allow the transfer of results to non-graded algebras.
All filtration is done in-place.
Most filtration depends on pressure.
Most filtration increases amylase excretion.
Most filtration increases excretion.
Most filtration increases urinary excretion.
Most filtration removes float particles.
Most filtration removes particles.
Some filtration becomes forces.
Some filtration has to be used to compensate for the light source.
Some filtration occurs in glomeruluses.
Fimble Clients Welcome to our clients information page.
Fimbrial filaments originate from the poles of the bacterial cell.
Fin cartilage has a strong fishy smell.
Fin drag is reduced resulting in easier paddling and faster trim speed.
Fin edges are blackish.
Fin fish have fins.
Most fin fish have fins.
Fin flexibility is moderate for good full range of motion.
Fin flexibility is moderate to stiff and is the highest performance training monofin.
Fin repair is nearly as complicated as putting a fin on the board during glassing.
Fin shape is one of the least ones.
Fin squids prey on fish.
Most fin squids prey on fish.
Fin wear indicates spawning information.
A fin whale is a razorback
Fin whales are dark gray to brown on their dorsal and flank regions while their belly is white.
Fin whales are dark grey to brownish black, with pale or white undersides.
Fin whales are highly migratory.
Fin whales are mammals.
Fin whales are more solitary than humpbacks, and are usually spotted alone or in small groups.
Fin whales are one of the few animals that are naturally asymmetric.
Fin whales are second only to blue whales in length but are more slightly built.
Fin whales are the loudest animal on earth.
Fin whales are the second largest animal to ever live.
Fin whales are the second largest of all whales.
Fin whales are whales.
Fin whales have a flattened, V-shaped head, and are black to gray with a white belly and lower jaw.
Fin whales have a sleek, streamlined body with a V-shaped head.
Fin whales have a varied diet.
Fin whales have baleen.
Fin whales have baleen.
Fin whales have long slender bodies that are primarily dark gray or brown in color.
Fin whales have years.
Fin whales live in all different water temperatures.
Fin whales make the loudest sounds of any animal on earth.
Fin whales suffer from a number of pathological conditions.
Most fin whales have years.
Some fin whales feed in summer.
A fin is a shoe
Fin isa appendage.
Fin isa extremity.
Fins also become frayed.
Fins also provide balance and steering.
Fins appear to be rotting away.
Fins are absent.
Fins are another main site for infections.
Fins are appendages.
Fins are dark, side finlets yellowish.
Fins are dusky to dark, the dorsal fin has a light margin.
Fins are either greenish-grey or buff in colour.
Fins are extremities.
Fins are great in the water, but awkward as snowshoes on land.
Fins are helical wound and then secured with a soldered fin to tube attachment.
Fins are light to medium tan, sometimes with irregularly spaced black lines or spots.
Fins are locomotion organs.
Fins are made of carbon composite, axles of stainless steel and sheaves are plastic.
Fins are most effective when they are in smooth flowing air.
Fins are Natural, but Fans are Forced.
Fins are now among the world's most expensive fisheries products.
Fins are part of fish.
Fins are part of ships.
Fins are perfect as are all threads.
Fins are perky and everybody is excited to eat.
Fins are present on the lateral side of the body.
Fins are stabilizers.
Fins are stabilizers.
Fins are supported by cartilages.
Fins are supported by radial cartilages.
Fins are the most distinctive features of fish.
Fins are the most notorious styling trend of all times.
Fins are thin ply.
Fins are torpedo-shaped and their bodies are smooth and streamlined.
Fins are used for directing, stabilizing, or propelling the different fish species in water.
Fins are usually model aircraft plywood, plastic or fiber-glass.
Fins are webs of skin over delicate rays of bone.
Fins are with small, rough scales.
Fins can cause deep lacerations and cuts, as well as bruising.
Fins can put the diving gear back on and swim out to the launch.
Fins consist of bony supporting rays with soft webbing tissue between.
Fins consist of dense, fibrous connective tissue, with no bones.
Fins continue to increase in value as an ingredient in shark fin soup.
Fins control movement.
Fins control pitch.
Fins deserve more thought than they are often given.
Fins do the most damage.
Fins enable the fish to swim, turn, stop and remain upright in the water.
Fins extend above and below tail flat.
Fins extend above and below the flat.
Fins further erode into pinnacles and spires called hoodoos .
Fins further erode into pinnacles and spires called hoodoos.
Fins give stability, and control the direction of movement during swimming, as explained later.
Fins have (part) corpi.
Fins have a broad price range and vary greatly in their materials, shapes, and sizes.
Fins have a longitudinal furrow on their rorquals.
Fins have ability.
Fins have an outward tilt.
Fins have shapes.
Fins have tips.
Fins healing after a case of fin rot sometimes show black edges.
Fins heatsink, clip, removable feets and shroud Typical side mounting fans for slocket.
Fins help stabilize and propel the fish in the water.
Fins help stabilize or propel the fish in the water.
Fins help the fish swim.
Fins help the king salmon move by pushing the water.
Fins move in waves.
Fins near backs.
Fins only work under water.
Fins perform best when under water.
Fins propel and stabilize the fish in the water.
Fins protect gills.
Fins provide a means of control.
Fins provide mobility and balance.
Fins refer to the presence of fins, pieces of fins or dorsal spines.
Fins regenerate within a few weeks, if amputated correctly.
Fins separata from the foot.
Fins typically are yellow, orange, golden, or light olive in color.
Fins usually have no rovings, being mitred into the blank.
All fins exept the adipose fin consist of rays with fin membrane between.
All fins lack true spines .
More fins equals more surface area to dissipate heat.
Most fins are gender-neutral.
Most fins are supported by cartilages.
Most fins are supported by radial cartilages.
Most fins have ability.
Most fins have shapes.
Most fins have tips.
Most fins move in waves.
Some fins are near gills.
Some fins are near tails.
Some fins are supported by bones.
Some fins are supported by sharp spines.
Some fins are supported by skeletons.
Some fins are supported by spines.
Some fins conduct heat.
Some fins deliver more thrust for a given effort than others.
Some fins enable tuna.
Some fins have black blotches.
Some fins have blotches.
Some fins have bones.
Some fins have dermal bones.
Some fins have distinctive patterns.
Some fins have edges.
Some fins have fins.
Some fins have lead edges.
Some fins have limbs.
Some fins have patterns.
Some fins have sharp spines.
Some fins have sorts.
Some fins have spines.
Some fins have tail fins.
Some fins have thin bones.
Some fins have trail edges.
Some fins look like legs.
Some fins look like tiny legs.
Some fins now have smaller foot pockets and stiffer blades for maximum power and minimum rubbing.
FINA rules allow time trials without prior notice subject to the approval of the host federation.
FINA rules treat manipulation of a test the same way as a positive test.
Finacial aid is available to families who qualify.
Finacial aid is available to students who qualify.
Finacial support is needed to help fund our efforts.
Final abandonment seems to have taken place in the fifth century.
Final abstracts are submitted on a different link, please go back to the main page.
Final acceptance follows receipt of completed application forms.
Final acceptance is approved by the chair of the program.
Final acceptance is based on a personal interview with employers in the program.
Final acceptance is based on audition and date of application.
Final acceptance is by the Editor of Cancer Practice.
Final acceptance is conditional on a final transcript from the previous school.
Final acceptance is conditional upon registration of presenters.
FInal acceptance is conditional upon satisfactory references.
Final acceptance is conditioned on the successful completion of the undergraduate degree.
Final acceptance is contigent upon available mentorhip in the student's research area of interest.
Final acceptance is contingent on meeting the mental, physical, and aptitude requirements.
Final acceptance is contingent on participation of ALL speakers named in proposal.
Final acceptance is contingent upon completion of the official admission procedure.
Final acceptance is contingent upon passing a fitness test immediately prior to starting the course.
Final acceptance is contingent upon satisfactory completion of prerequisite course work.
Final acceptance is contingent upon satisfactory completion of prerequisites.
Final acceptance is contingent upon successful completion of current work.
Final acceptance is decided in the fall of the junior year.
Final acceptance is defined as when a project is ready and available for public use.
Final acceptance is dependent on a language assessment, which can be carried out in Guatemala.
Final acceptance is dependent on conference registration.
Final acceptance is dependent upon completion of all applicable inspection procedures.
Final acceptance is determined by a general election of academy members.
Final acceptance is determined by the American sponsoring college.
Final acceptance is given by the host school's exchange coordinator.
Final acceptance is made when the manuscript has been satisfactorily revised.
Final acceptance occurs when the patient is deemed eligible and is enrolled on a protocol.
Final acceptance occurs when the patient is deemed eligible and is enrolled on a specific protocol.
Final acceptance requires receipt of original documents.
Final accounts are payable by cash or cheque.
Final accountability remains with the supervisor delegating the lead work assignment.
Final action is due in one year.
Final action is pending in a third.
Final action is pending.
Final action is to collapse as if exhausted.
Final action rests with the associate dean.
Some final actions result in death.
Final adjustment is accomplished through the use of an integral vernier-adjustment knob.
Final adjustment is done using a dial indicator to eliminate any runout that remains.
Some final adjustments are usually necessary.
Final admission is at the discretion of the college to which application has been made.
Final admission is based on the applicant's total file and availability of space within the program.
Final admission is competitive.
Final admission is contingent upon a satisfactory medical examination.
Final admission is dependent upon satisfactory completion of all courses in progress. .
Final admission is dependent upon satisfactory completion of all courses in progress.
Final admission is granted only after all transcripts and credentials are received.
Final adoption is imminent.
Final agenda is now available .
Final agendas are available at the meeting.
Final agendas have the items set and represent the agenda to be presented on meeting night.
Final agreement is contingent upon the environmental review within the next three months.
Final agreements are to be signed in coming weeks.
Final alignments are by dynamic programming.
Final allocations have yet to be determined.
Final allotment is made by their concerned oil company.
Final analyses are underway and data are being prepared for publication.
Final analyses are unfinished, but students did learn that each wood has a unique microstructure.
Final analysis is that being a kid is better than being big.
Final analysis takes several days.
Final answer is returned to the user.
Final answer pops up at various times during the game.
Final answers are unlikely to be around the corner.
Any final answers await the long haul.
Final appeal is before the college president.
Final appeal is to the vice president for student affairs.
Final applications are due in the summer or early fall.
Final appointment is contingent upon the availability of funds.
Final appointment is contingent upon verification of documentation.
Final appointment is subject to budgetary approval.
Final appointment is subject to state budget appropriations.
Final approach is flown directly toward the objective.
Final approach is usually over the parking lot and into the field between the road and the creek.
Final approval follows after the convened meeting.
Final approval has yet to be obtained for the campus master plan.
Final approval is anticipated in late Spring.
Final approval is at the discretion of the consortium management chair.
Final approval is at the sole discretion of the lending institution.
Final approval is based on administrative review and availability of campus facilities and services.
Final approval is conditioned on confirmation of placement with the internship setting.
Final approval is contingent upon an approving membership vote.
Final approval is dependent on availability of funds.
Final approval is determined by both the student's academic adviser and the off-campus study board.
Final approval is given by voters at a general election.
Final approval is granted by the principals.
Final approval is granted by the town board.
Final approval is granted following an oral defense of the thesis.
Final approval is left to delegates from the clubs.
Final approval is obtained and training is scheduled.
Final approval is obtained from client.
Final approval is obtained from the county for each phase of development.
Final approval is pending for Minnesota, Montana, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.
Final approval is pending submission of final product labeling.
Final approval is pending.
Final approval is scheduled for a later date.
Final approval is scheduled for the next meeting.
Final approval is subject only to a background check.
Final approval is subject to formal underwriting.
Final approval is the responsibility of the cognizant group leader or department manager.
Final approval is up to the state board of education.
Final approval needs to come from the legislature when the final budget is passed.
Final approval remains months, perhaps years away.
Final approval requires the completion of one school year's internship.
Final approval resides with the appropriate vice president.
Final approval rests with the dean of the college or school to which a student belongs.
Final approval rests with the division dean.
Final approval rests with the Graduate Dean.
Final approval rests with the instructor.
Final approval rests with the principal.
Final argument is strictly limited to discussing the evidence admitted into the trial.
Final arguments begin.
Final arrangements are incomplete.
Final arrangements are pending.
Final assembly brings all of the subassemblies together.
Final assembly is a breeze.
Final assembly is accomplished by a hermetic sealing process.
Final assembly is by hand to guarantee fit and finish.
Final assembly is easy.
Final assembly is performed in Georgia.
Final assembly is to make the join at bridge-deck, at the deck and across the bulkheads.
Final assembly requires installation of radio, decal application and prop attachment.
Final assembly takes only a hammer or pliers, and the most basic of handy skills.
Final assessment is based on the compulsory units and the best optional units.
Final assessment is based on twelve units, corresponding to the courses taken as shown below.
Final assessment is based upon continuous assessment and a final written paper.
Final assessment is by course work examination, by thesis and oral examination.
Final assessment is by thesis and oral examination.
Final assessment is made during one additional day.
Final assessment takes into account coursework grades and examination results.
Final assessment takes place at the conclusion of that academic year.
Final assignments are contingent upon availability of space.
Final attachment is with screws as described in 'max' installation.
Final audit includes electronic leak detection testing.
Final authority regarding licenses remains with the government.
Final authority resides in the printed version of the catalog.
Final authority resides with infallible revelation.
Final authority rests with the chancellor.
Final authority rests with the committee chair.
Final authority rests with the paper form of all documents posted .
Final authority rests with the paper form of all documents posted.
Final authority rests with the paper from of all documents posted.
Final authority rests with the president and the board of visitors.
Final authority rests with the supervisor.
Final balance Is due two weeks prior to arrival.
Some final battles take places.
Final bid becomes that player's salary.
Final bids are due today.
Final bids are non-public and are automatically entered at the end of the auction.
All final bids are subject to the owner's approval.
Final bill based on the latter of the date of disconnection or the date form is received.
Final billing is to be sent to the borrower's member library.
Final bolt is hard to clip.
Final bote is taken.
Final bout is in english.
Final candidates are subject to a background check.
Final candidates are subject to a background investigation by law enforcement.
Final candidates are subject to complete background check prior to final offer of employment.
Final candidates are subject to testing before employment.
Final category is stinkers.
Final causality holds that the future is the cause.
A final cause is a purpose
Final causes are first of all causes.
Final causes are operations.
Final certification is made by an independent committee, based on the inspection team's reports.
Final certification is performed after completion of the construction.
Final changes are currently underway.
Final chapter deals with eigenvectors and eigenvalues, matrix polynomials, more.
Final chapter is on organizing for change.
Final chapter leaves fans screaming It's finally time to be excited.
Final Chapter looks at the range of cultural issues and attitudes that surround death and dying.
Final chapter offers physical defense options for worst-case scenarios.
Final chapters cover less traditional quarry like bass, pike, and saltwater species.
Final chapters describe the problems associated with full utilization of marine fishery resources.
Final chapters discuss later amendments and constitutional controversies.
Final chapters focus on studying and photographing spiders, and conservation.
Final chapters list the key reference and journal titles and a select bibliography.
Final chapters provide overviews.
Most final chapters provide overviews.
Final cleanup can include a pressure wash.
Final clearance depends upon the applicant s ability to obtain the appropriate security clearance.
Final closing is postponed until the condo is registered, when a deed transfers ownership.
Final coalition collapses over economic policy differences.
Final code is due sometime next year.
All final codes reflect consensual agreements.
Final colors are a maroon polo with all silver embroidering.
All final color is added, resulting in a bright, vibrant full-color drawing.
Final colour is provided by the tinting of the topcoats.
Final column appears to be occupation.
Final Comments Be honest.
Final Comments Go ahead and download the map.
Final comments list ways of living successfully at home alone.
Final comments reveal the importance of energy contract negotiation.
Some final comments are in order.
Final compaction is done with a vibratory compactor.
Final compensation is in the form of salary.
Final completion is scheduled for the spring.
Final conference is mandatory.
Final confirmation comes when volume further increases during the decline of the right shoulder.
Final confirmation is based on official transcripts only.
Final confirmation rests with the science teacher.
Final consideration proceeds.
Final considerations are the selection of text, fonts, paper, printing and mailing methods.
Most final consonants are silent.
Final consumption refers to the consumption by industry, households and other consumers.
Final conversion is almost complete.
Final coordinate is completed upon arrival.
Final copies are due on the dates noted in the class assignment schedule.
Final copies are high quality.
Final copies are to be brought to class and displayed.
Final copy is sent to authors for approval.
Final cost can vary depending on actual season length and traffic.
Final cost depends on hours worked by officers.
Final cost depends upon the size and type of installation.
Final cost is approx.
Final cost is determined on the basis of time spent making adjustments to the original elements.
Final costs estimate required .
Final count is set for sometime next week.
Final countdown begins.
Final cure is when the epoxy is now solid.
Final data become available three months after the end of the reference month.
Final data includes measurements from more than twice as many reporting stations.
Final data is entered when the animals are slaughtered.
Final data is included as part of the student's portfolio.
Final data is summarized on a calendar year basis.
Final data take longer.
Final day includes an awards ceremony.
Final day is petite and championship races.
A final decision is judgment
Final decision concerning selection, placement and replacement is made by the principal.
Final decision is at the discretion of the editors.
Final decision is at the discretion of the head coach.
Final decision is based on the full report.
Final decision is final when finally finalised when a fine finalised entry is finally finalised.
Final decision is forth-coming.
Final decision is made by ASHS advisor.
Final decision is made by So.
Final decision is made together by sirdar and trek leader.
Final decision is still pending.
Final decision is taken by the acting director.
Final decision is the prerogative of the editor.
Final decision is up to the captain.
Final decision is up to the coach.
Final decision is up to the list owner.
Final decision regarding acceptance at the transfer institution rests solely with that institution.
Final decision regarding credit or placement is the prerogative of the department concerned.
Final decision rests with principal.
Final decision rests with the admissions personnel.
Final decision rests with the chairperson of the department.
Final Decisions are a matter of public record and are available upon written request.
Final decisions are by registration committee.
Final decisions are due later.
Final decisions are limited to covenant members.
Final decisions are matters of public record and are available on request.
Final decisions are slow and protracted, usually taking several months to a year.
Final decisions are subject to the Open Records Act.
Final decisions concerning admission remain with Richmond.
Final decisions concerning the family are always the husband's responsibility.
Final decisions continue to be made on a variety of topics.
Final decisions regarding acceptance at the transfer institution rests solely with that institution.
Final decisions regarding clerkship evaluations rest with the directors of medical studies.
Final decisions remain probably one year away.
Final decisions support purposes.
All final decisions regarding late work are under the jurisdiction of the professor.
All final decisions regarding make-ups are under the jurisdiction of the professor.
All final decisions regarding the transferability of courses remain with the institutions involved.
Final decree validating bonds to be forever conclusive.
Final delivery is still via the traditional postal system.
Final demands are demands for products.
Final deployment occurs after client signoff.
Final design can then begin on priority segments as funding permits.
Final design is complete.
Final design is participatory, influenced strongly by local suggestions and resources.
Final design is underway.
Final designs feature advanced architectures.
Final destination is based upon rider requests and weather conditions.
Final details are about set.
Final details are available.
Final details are still to be completed.
Final determination is forthcoming.
Final determination is made by the attorney once the application has been written.
Final determination is made by the attorney once the claims have been written.
Final determination is made by the faculty graduate program committee.
Final determination is made through an interview process.
Final diagnosis awaits the histologic demonstration of the granulomas in other organ structures.
Final diagnosis depends on histological examination.
Final diagnosis is added upon discharge.
Final diagnosis is patent ductus arteriosus, coarctation with bicuspid aortic valve.
Final digestion is in the small intesting where absorption also occurs.
Final digit is a check digit, computed on a multiplicative system.
Final digits distinguish between otherwise identical codes.
Final dips are an options but are personal prefrence.
Final disc contains reduced-resolution global coverage and browse collection.
Final disinfection is by ultra-violet irradiation.
Final diskette is due to instructor to be launched.
Final display is presented as a free-standing centerpiece.
Final disposal can be by burying or by sanitary sewer when notified by public health officials.
Final disposition depends on state budget negotiations.
Final distribution is related to rate of spread in alien weeds.
Final draft contains five paragraphs.
Final draft incorporates suggestions and criticisms from the reviewers and editors.
Final draft is due next class.
Final draft is due.
Final draft is graded by teacher on a six-point rubric.
Final draft is neat, legible, and uses correct spelling, capitalization, and punctuation.
Final draft is submitted for approval.
Final draft is to be typed.
Final draft is turned in on the assigned date.
Final Draft Take rough drafts to the computer lab.
Final drafts are due at the beginning of the class period.
Final drafts are due by the end of finals week.
Final drafts are due in class on the due date specified.
Final drafts are due in class on the last day of the semester.
Final drafts are due next class.
Final drafts are due next week.
All final drafts are due at the beginning of the class period listed on the assignment sheet.
All final drafts are due at the end of the exam period.
Final drawings are nearly complete.
Final drawings are prepared.
Final drive is chain.
Most final drives are of the gear type.
Final drop hits tonight.
Final edition is due soon comments are needed.
Final effect is that interest rate goes down, and output is in principle ambiguous.
Final effluent overflows from the tanks through overflow weirs located at the tank s peripheries.
Final elevation differs somewhat.
Final eligibility is determined at intake.
Final employment is the employment at the death date.
Final energy is defined as the fraction of primary energy which is supplied to the final consumer.
Final energy is defined as the total energy consumed by end-users.
Final energy is the energy which the consumer buys or receives.
Final enrollment is based on the availability of services needed by each prospective camper.
Final enrollment is based on the quality of the submitted work.
Final enrollment is dependent upon department chair approval.
Final enrollment is limited and depends on state funding.
Final episode is next week.
Final essays are due on the last day of class.
All final essays are due at the beginning of the class on the day noted on each partial syllabus.
Final evaluation can take several minutes.
Final evaluation is based on class participation and discussion leadership as well as the papers.
Final evaluation is based on the written exam and practical evaluation .
Final evaluation is by comprehensive written and oral examination.
Final evaluation is the responsibility of the instructor.
Any final evaluation is still premature.
Final Events are below.
A final exam is a test
Final exam consists of a comprehensive project.
Final exam consists of written and oral part.
Final exam covers all lectures, all readings, all handouts.
Final Exam Covers all material in the course.
Final exam covers all topics covered in the semester.
Final exam covers class lecture, video clips, and text information.
Final exam covers from midterm to final.
Final Exam Covers the whole semester.
Final exam is a research paper.
Final exam is a take-home.
Final exam is a two-hour comprehensive exam.
Final exam is accumulative.
Final exam is actually a sneaky euphemism for paper.
Final exam is all inclusive.
Final exam is all that's left.
Final exam is closed book, closed notes.
Final exam is comprehensive of all materials except tutorial readings.
Final exam is comprehensive.
Final exam is compulsory and cumulative of all material covered during the semester.
Final exam is compulsory and cumulative of all the material covered during the semester.
Final exam is cumulative and multiple choice.
Final exam is cumulative and required.
Final exam is cumulative, based on everything covered in the course.
Final exam is cumulative.
Final exam is oral.
Final exam is primarily objective.
Final exam is required to pass the course.
Final exam is required.
Final exam is scheduled for Weds.
Final exam is to be determined.
Final exam requires the student to have learned their cat's true name.
Final exam serves in lieu of departmental comprehensive exam.
Final exams are achievement tests.
Final exams are all graded.
Final exams are at the discretion of each professor.
Final exams are by no means the end of the education.
Final exams are cumulative.
Final exams are different depending on the class and the instructor.
Final exams are entirely multiple-choice.
Final exams are graded, and course grades are out.
Final exams are just around the corner, and tensions are mounting.
Final exams are just around the corner.
Final exams are just as tough as before.
Final exams are now available for inspection.
Final exams are over in the classroom.
Final exams are self-scheduled and unproctored.
Final exams are the last tests and assessments that are counted before graduation.
Final exams are to be given as scheduled in the examination schedule.
Final exams are usually essay style and previous exams are available.
Final exams are usually oral exams.
Final exams begin a week from today.
Final exams begin tomorrow.
Final exams begin.
Final exams bring panic and anxiety.
Final exams can contribute to the term, semester, or final grade.
Final exams come first.
Final exams end.
Final exams start next week.
Final exams take place during the last three weeks of the semester.
Final exams take place during the spring semester.
All final exams are comprehensive.
All final exams are to be administered at their designated times and places during final exam week.
All final exams are to be given during finals week at the time scheduled by the registrar.
Most final exams are online take-home.
A final examination is a test
Final examination consists of oral presentation and defense of the thesis.
Final examination consists of oral presentation and defense of thesis.
Final examination is a major practice set.
Final examination is comprehensive.
Final examination is cumulative.
Final examination is left to the discretion of the professor.
Final examination is next week.
Final examination is normally by thesis.
Final examination is open book.
Final examination is oral and is administered by the supervisory committee.
Final examination is scheduled and conducted.
Final examinations are a necessary evil.
Final examinations are always cumulative.
Final examinations are comprehensive.
Final examinations are compulsory for all courses.
Final examinations are discretionary in all undergraduate courses within any given department.
Final examinations are examinations.
Final examinations are normally of three hours duration.
Final examinations are oral and individual.
Final examinations are oral and public.
Final examinations are subject to the guidelines listed above.
Final examinations are to be given at the time they are scheduled.
Final examinations are to be given during the last week of the semester.
Final examinations are to be kept on file for one year.
Final examinations are to be proctored.
Final examinations are to be scheduled during periods when classes are in session.
Final examinations are to be scheduled for the last week of the semester.
Final examinations are to be taken as scheduled.
Final examinations begin .
Final examinations begin on campus.
Final examinations begin.
Final examinations draw upon lectures and field trips.
Final examinations end . .
Final examinations end .
Final examinations end on campus.
Final examinations end.
All final examinations are to be completed by the close of the final examination period.
All final examinations occur during the examination period at the end of each mini-semester.
Most final examinations are two hours in length.
Final example is about clinical trails.
Final expenditures consist of final consumption expenditure and gross fixed capital formation.
Final extinction is the result when the process has gone far enough.
Final extraction is conducted in factories, chiefly in the United States or Europe.
Final farewells match the warmth of first greetings while carrying a tinge of uncertainty.
Final fees are due on, or before, the third day of either term.
Final figure is grade point average.
Final figures are due out soon.
Final figures are due out tomorrow.
Final figures are yet to be announced.
Final filtration is intended to produce a beer that is brilliantly clear and sterile.
Final Finalists are to perform the same programme as was recorded on the video cassette.
Final finish is spray painted using special paint and techniques.
Final fitting is important for comfort.
Final format is attached.
Final frames disclose what has actually happened at the embassy.
Final frameworks reflect any modifications.
Final funding is granted upon completion of the project and submission of an audit.
Final gathering calculates global illumination without using photon energy.
Final goal consists of original programs, created and performed by students in class.
Final goal is to recognize specified text in any image format.
Final grade consists of total scores.
Final grade depends on the completion of all homework, short essays and tests.
Final grade is a weighted average of chapter tests and projects.
Final grade is also dependent on the length of the final seminar.
Final grade is based on a daily journal.
Final grade is based on a portfolio of selected writing.
Final grade is based on homework and some presentations in the class.
Final grade is based on participation in the process and on the final folio.
Final grade is based on the average of four exams.
Final grade is based on the average of four non-cumulative exams.
Final grade is based on the number of points student accumulates.
Final grade is based on three exams.
Final grade is based one-third each on class participation, midterm, term project.
Final grade is calculated as a percentage of the possible points earned.
Final grade is calculated by percentage of total possible points earned.
Final grade is determined by averaging grades from projects handed in throughout semester.
Final grade is determined by averaging grades from projects handed in throughout the semester.
Final grade is determined by averaging weekly work and homework with a final portfolio grade.
Final grade is determined by the natural breaks on the curve of accumulated scores.
Final grade is determined by the total number of points accumulated during the semester.
Final grade is determined by total points earned.
Final grade is figured according to the point system below.
Final grade is figured according to the value system below.
Final grade is here .
Final grade is recorded when departmental comprehensive examination has been taken.
Final grade is the sum of all the grades on assignments and exams.
Final grade is the weighted average bewteen exam and homework.
Final grades are a sum of the grade for the first paper and the grade for the final revision.
Final grades are a sum of the grade for the first paper and the grade for the revision.
Final grades are a sum of the grade for the first submission and the grade for the revision.
Final grades are also available on the internet .
Final grades are also available online.
Final grades are an average of weekly assignment grades with the lowest grade dropped.
Final grades are at the discretion of the lecturer.
Final grades are available as they are posted by the instructor .
Final Grades are available for both trig trig sections.
Final grades are available here .
Final grades are available here.
Final grades are available now.
Final grades are available the week after the end of each term.
Final grades are available, as well as unclaimed homeworks and final exams.
Final Grades are available.
Final grades are below.
Final grades are dependent on the cumulative total score for the course.
Final Grades are due as stated on the final grade report sheet.
Final grades are due from the instructors the early part of the week following the end of the term.
Final grades are here .
Final Grades are here.
Final grades are letter grades.
Final grades are letters.
Final grades are non-negotiable.
Final grades are normally due at the end of the succeeding semester.
Final grades are now available on the marks page.
Final grades are now available.
Final Grades are now available.
Final grades are out.
Final grades are somewhat higher, mostly because some at the lower end drop out.
Final grades are subject to departmental review.
Final grades are the weighted sum of all grades.
Final Grades are to be submitted to the program office.
Final grades arrive too late for consideration.
Final grades assume a team effort and apply equally to all members.
Final grades become a part of the official academic record of each student.
Final grades can suffer due to poor preparation for midterms or final exams.
Final grades take into account all of the above criteria.
All final grades are final unless there is a numerical mistake.
All final grades are subject to appeal and departmental review.
Final graph reflects accurate compilation of raw data gathered from partner class.
Final gravities tend to be high which leaves a residual sweetness.
Final healing can take several weeks.
Final height is uncertain in cultivation.
Final hole is over water.
Final hurdles remain.
Final identification is aided by unique odors.
Final identification is done by comparing images of the remaining possibilities.
Final image is the correct size according to customer specs.
Final image remaqins top secret.
Final images set in a Cambodian temple are better for being intentionally mysterious.
Final implementation is currently underway.
Final impression is the same importance as the initial one.
Final information is released together with the publication of the first revised results.
Final insight caps off opening observation.
Final inspection ensures that all aspects of the design have been met by the construction.
Final inspection includes carpet, tile, wallpaper, paint, trim, finish and cleaning.
Final inspection includes checking it for fingerprints, dust, etc.
Final inspection is a very important aspect of contract administration.
Final inspection is carried out prior to shipment.
Final inspection is made and project closeout completed.
Final inspection is made to original tool blueprint and serialized.
Final inspection is our last gate to commit our quality.
Final inspection is performed when excavated area has been back-filled.
Final inspection is required on all jobs.
Final inspection is to be done before deck is occupied.
Final inspectors ensure that each unit is complete and flawless.
Final intent is to split gnome packages out more finely-grained than the current CVS tree.
Final interviews are open to the public, and attended by teachers, parents and other contestants.
Final interviews take place over four days and are completely non-partisan.
Final journals are due today.
Final judgement is based on a written exam or on replacing tasks.
Final judgement is one idea among many in men's religions.
Final judgment is apocalypses.
Final judgment is judgment
Final judgment is judgment.
Final judgment is left to the station managers.
Final judgment is pending.
Final judgment occurs in a criminal case when the defendant is sentenced.
Final judgments have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Final jury is selected.
Final kudos go to the liner notes.
Final laminate is rigid.
Final layer is static.
Final lessons engage students in writing exercises.
Final lessons occur with the instructor out of sight and out of range.
Final letters have the same value as their non-final counterparts.
Final line completes the thought.
Final list goes to the chancellor for approval.
Final look is a merging of our efforts.
Final manuscript is logged and prepared for copyediting and production.
Final map is available and ready for recordation.
Final Massages are a no go due to date conflicts.
Final matches are double elimination.
Some final maturation occurs in pulmonary vessels.
Some final maturation occurs in vessels.
Final maturity is really what's important.
Final migrants leave.
Final morning is at leisure.
Final motion is made to adopt bylaws as amended.
Final negotiations are between the owner of the property and the renter.
Final negotiations are underway.
All final negotiations are to be arranged independently.
Final Notes Going electronic is a quantum leap for most practices.
Final notice is a bill for the lost material.
Final notification is awaited.
Final notification is given three weeks after the board meeting.
Final notification is sent to the student's permanent address.
Final notification is usually within six months of receipt of a complete application.
Final numbers are now available.
Final numbers are out today.
Final nymphs molt into adult males or females, also with eight legs.
Final objects are installed Lighting of objects and spaces is finalized.
Final obstruents are obligatorily voiceless.
Final offer is subject to available funds.
Final Order have the full force of law when signed by the judge.
Final orders have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Final orders resulting in a finding of a law violation are disciplinary.
All final orders awarding custody are final appealable orders.
Any final orders imposing discipline are public.
Every final order is noted in the minute book, a diary of court action by days.
Final outcome is determined with the interested students on a case by case basis.
Final outcome is three selected recipes on a brochure.
Final outlines are due at the end of the class presentation.
Final output is clear and is intended to be photocopied from the original without loss of detail.
Final output is clear and is intended to be reproduced on paper.
Final output is to an inkjet printer of the highest quality possible.
Final output rivals the traditional silver halide photographic process.
Final package is affixed with brass grommets, a ribbon, and an embossed seal.
Final page has a double-e monogram.
Final page has corner chip taking a small bit of text away.
Final page has some spotting.
Final page has some tears and one small chip.
Final paper can be an oral or a written presentation, brochure or video.
Final paper is due exam day.
Final paper is due.
Final paper is required.
Final papers are due during the exam period.
Final papers are due no later than noon.
Final papers are due on the date of the final exam.
Final papers are due on the specified date unless an extension has been granted in advance.
Final papers are due that last day of class and are presented orally to the class by each student.
Final papers are due the last class session.
Final papers are due.
Final papers are now available here .
Final papers are now due the last day of class.
Final paragraphs have a summarising and often an evaluative role.
Final part is ofcourse the sinking.
Final pass is the black stuff.
A final payment is a payment
Final payment can be cash, cashiers check, or money order.
Final payment includes all retainage still held by the owner.
Final payment is contingent upon receipt of all required reports.
Final payment is done at delivery.
Final payment is due according to the hotel's policy.
Final payment is due along with a final headcount seven days prior to the event.
Final payment is due at departure.
Final payment is due at discharge.
Final payment is due at least four weeks before departure.
Final payment is due at the beginning of classes.
Final payment is due at the conclusion of the event.
Final payment is due at the start of the course.
Final payment is due at time of booking and is non-refundable.
Final payment is due at time of shipment.
Final payment is due at time of the trip departure.
Final payment is due by check-in at the retreat.
Final payment is due by game day.
Final payment is due by the first night of the retreat.
Final payment is due by the registration deadline date.
Final payment is due eight weeks prior to the trip date.
Final payment is due eight weeks prior to the trip departure date.
Final payment is due for each team.
Final payment is due in cash.
Final payment is due in full at the conclusion of event.
Final payment is due in full before shipping.
Final payment is due on arrival, cash or credit only.
Final payment is due on arrival.
Final payment is due on departure.
Final payment is due on or before arrival.
Final payment is due one month before arrival.
Final payment is due one month before departure.
Final payment is due prior to departure.
Final payment is due prior to sailing.
Final payment is due prior to shipping.
Final payment is due seventy-five days prior to departure or when requested.
Final payment is due sixty days prior to departure.
Final payment is due the day of the flight.
Final payment is due the day of the workshop.
Final payment is due the day the group leaves camp.
Final payment is due the morning of departure.
Final payment is due the morning of the class.
Final payment is due three months before departure.
Final payment is due three weeks after notification of acceptance.
Final payment is due two months and one week in advance of arrival.
Final payment is due two weeks before the evening of the performance.
Final payment is due two weeks prior to arrival.
Final payment is due two weeks prior to the event.
Final payment is due two weeks prior to the performance.
Final payment is due upon acceptance of the fully restored model.
Final payment is due upon arrival at check in.
Final payment is due upon arrival at the base.
Final payment is due upon arrival for Check-In.
Final payment is due upon arrival.
Final payment is due upon boarding.
Final payment is due upon completion of party.
Final payment is due upon completion of the assignment.
Final payment is due upon completion.
Final payment is due upon conclusion of the function.
Final payment is due upon delivery of portrait.
Final payment is due upon receipt of confirmation packet.
Final payment is due upon receipt of invoice.
Final payment is due upon receipt of the invoice.
Final payment is due upon the completion of the scheduled event.
Final payment is due when final session has ended and the project is complete.
Final payment is due when the order is picked up.
Final payment is due with camera-ready art.
Final payment is made at the time of check-in.
Final payment is made on the next regular payday following the separation date.
Final payment is made only after the student has arrived and taken the placement test.
Final payment is made.
Final payment is payable by check or money order only.
Final payment is payable in cash or credit card.
Final payment is required prior to departure.
Final payment is required prior to the trip departure.
Final payment is required three days prior to the function, in addition to the guarantee number.
Final payment is required two weeks prior to start of camp.
Final payment is required upon arrival at the lodge.
Final payment is required upon arrival.
Final payment is required upon the day of service.
Final payments are due two weeks before the first show.
Final payments are due, at the latest, six working days before camp begins.
Final payments are non-refundable.
Final payments are refundable only if space is re-sold.
Final payments are to be made at least thirty days prior to the start date of the seminar.
All final payments are to be made by check.
All final performances are open to the public in addition to family and friends.
A final period is a part
Final periods come outside of parentheses at the end of sentences.
Final permission awaits the determination that no one else is working on the same project.
Final phase Turn off the heat once the excess liquid has boiled away.
Final phrase highlights ineffectual attempts to improve the situation.
Final phrase is more truly double-tracked.
Final placement awaits the student's arrival.
Final placement comes from the consensus reached based on discussions with a student's advisor.
Final placement is at the discretion of the editor.
Final placement is decided by program committee.
Final placement is determined by the district.
Final placement is entirely at our discretion.
Final placement is subject to chairs discretion.
Final placement is subject to chair's discretion.
Final placement is subject to chairs' discretion.
Final plan is in process.
Final plans are in the process of being drawn up by the architectural firm.
Final plans are still yet to be announced for the location of the new track.
Final plans change.
Final plans produced by the commissions have the force of law.
Final plats are subject to a final plat review process and fee.
Final portfolio is due at the beginning of the final exam period.
Final portrait is protected with a permanent fixative.
Final premium is subject to verification of information .
Final premium is subject to verification of information and inspection.
Final premium is subject to verification of information.
Final preparations are critical.
Final preparations are now underway.
Final presentation collages upon completion - hang on wall for all to see.
Final presentation incorporates hillside site resolutions with the benefit of the consultants.
Final presentation is required.
Final presentations relate the data to the environment studied.
Final price depends on features selected and number of user licenses desired.
Final prices are subject to formal agreement between all parties.
Final pricing has yet to be determined.
Final pricing is based on agreement resulting from a free consultation.
Final pricing is calculated when production pieces are made.
Final pricing is determined by submitted art.
Final pricing is expectedlater in the day.
Final pricing is up to our many dealers located throughout North America and overseas.
Final prints are available in a week to ten days.
Final prize amounts to be announced in local papers, day after the entries close.
Final probation requires a learning contract.
Final processing follows the procedures set forth in the appointment process.
Final processing includes concentrate sieving, a picking table, and usually a grease table.
Final processing involves screening and the removal of metallic impurities.
Final product is a colored print.
Final product is a published report.
Final product is a set of design documents and design specifications.
Final product is a written research report.
Final product is actual web page complete with links, or written web page.
Final product is displayed to class.
Final product is made by blending old and young beers.
Final product is online.
Final product is progress reports.
Final product is rose oxide, by the hydrogen abstraction of hydroperoxyl intermediate.
Final product is shipped to a worldwide customer base.
Final product is superficial and lacks consistent use of research evidence.
Final product is vinyl coated to help eliminate scrapes and scratches.
Final products are comprehensive and clearly illustrate key information.
Final products can be digital imagery at any resolution or high quality plots on paper or film.
All final products contain complete and accurate source citations.
Many final products are publication worthy.
Some final products contain alcohol.
Some final products show evidence.
Final production is currently on hold as more information is gathered.
Final production is dubbed to an audio CD for playback on a standard audio CD player.
Final program is available.
Final project allows students to investigate software relevant to their particular major.
Final project can be a public service announcement for non-profit agency.
Final project demonstrates highest level of design achievement.
Final project demonstrates highest levels of design development.
Final project demonstrates student's ability to create a complete musical production.
Final project includes a finished scene design.
Final project includes an analysis of research data and presentation of results.
Final project includes two informative and accurate paragraphs about penguins.
Final project incorporates six-month financial, classification, and assortment planning.
Final project involves complete design and implementation of a miniscule instruction set processor.
Final project involves composing or arranging an extended work for wind ensemble or orchestra.
Final project involves the design of a subsystem for a high-speed processor.
Final project is a complete redesign of the course web page.
Final project is a news or feature story suitable for publication.
Final project is a substantial research paper.
Final project is chosen by the student and subject to approval by the instructor.
Final project is class performance.
Final project is due at the end of the semester.
Final project is due one week before the final exam date.
Final project is due.
Final project is on-line.
Final project is the complete design of a small system using FPGAs.
Final project is tied to outside interests.
Final project is to create a course web site for a class they ve taken.
Final project is well organized and easy to follow.
Final project replaces the final exam.
Final project requires design, completion, and presentation of an online text.
Final project requires the design and construction of a virtual environment.
Final project requires the development of a public-communication campaign.
Final project summarizing and applying all criteria to a realistic development project is required.
Final project utilizes or analyzes the methods presented.
Final projects are a self-portrait series and an individual documentary essay.
Final projects are also due on the last day of class meetings.
Final projects are due at that time.
Final projects are due at the end of class time on the due date.
Final projects are due on disk.
Final projects are due on the last day of class.
Final projects are due one week after the workshop ends.
Final projects are due.
Final projects are typically a one-term projects which earn three credits.
Final projects can include recital performances as well as student compositions.
Final projects conclude with the creation of printed and videotaped portfolio materials.
Final projects demonstrate the student's ability to digitally create a complete musical production.
Final projects focus on individual professional contexts.
Final projects involve library research and the design of an experiment.
Final projects involve the creation of demo tapes and preparation of resumes.
Final projects reflect meaningful and high level products.
All final projects are due by the final exam date.
Final proof is obtained by culture.
Final props viewing is typically two weeks prior to opening.
Final publication can come in the form of a school or class literary magazine.
Final publication occurs within two to three months of approval.
Final publications are in preparation.
Final purification is achieved by simple distillation.
Final qualification is based on interview and selection by one of the participating organizations.
Final quality is assured by a series of precision grading and electronic color sorting.
Any final questions please.
Final rankings are more about bragging rights.
Final reading is done by UV microscopy.
Final recess begins upon adjournment.
Final recovery is done by hand or grease tables.
Final registration depends on payment in full.
Final registration is completed by the teacher at the initial lesson.
Final registration is during the fourth week of the semester.
Final registration takes place upon arrival in China.
Final regulations are binding if they are current.
Final regulations carry the force and effect of law.
Final regulations eliminate the concept of core versus non core benefits.
Final regulations explain FICA tax consequences of nonqualified deferred compensation plans.
Final regulations remain pending.
Final rehearsals are open to students at no charge.
Final rehearsals are ultimately important for the gel of all forces.
Final release is available.
Final report constitutes an annual index.
Final report includes a presentation at industry forum.
Final report includes recommended action for management.
Final report is complete.
Final report is currently under review.
Final report is due on or before seven days after midterm date.
Final report is in press.
Final report is included.
Final report is located here .
Final report is pending.
Final report is prepared and submitted to county and state agencies.
Final report is revised and edited with respect to spelling, punctuation and grammar.
Final report measures success of the project, as well as obstacles encountered.
Final report represents the course requirement.
Final reports are available for all projects.
Final reports are due at the end of the project award period.
Final reports are due on.
Final reports are due one month following the termination date.
Final reports are due today.
Final reports are due when all funds are expended.
Final reports are important documents.
Final reports are in progress to cover specific evaluations mentioned in the original Proposal.
Final reports are in the process of being posted on the Web site.
Final reports are in the public domain and are available to all interested parties.
Final reports are now available.
Final reports are often the only deliverable associated with funding received from the grant.
Final reports are publication-quality, designed to ensure acceptance by agencies.
Final reports are still to appear.
Final reports are to be spiral bound using special covers.
Final reports are yet to be issued.
Final reports can be a from few pages or book-length.
Final reports detail the compliance status of the software applications.
Final reports exist for over seventy wells.
Final reports incorporate input.
Final reports range from an informal, oral briefing to a written report in multiple volumes.
Final resolution is confirmed to the customer.
Final resort is to soak in hydrogen peroxide mixture, as above.
Final responsibility rests with the faculty.
A final result is a conclusion
Final result is a continual shadowing of soil and decreasing of soil fertility and productivity.
Final result is absolute binary, ready to execute.
Final result is manufacturing release of new designs to production.
Final result is our body is projected according to the direction of force applied.
Final result is photographically detailed.
Final result is total elapsed time, plus penalty time, minus bonus time.
FInal result is total of all bands worked.
Final results are as follows, if memory serves correctly.
Final results are available below.
Final results are available here .
Final results are available here.
Final results are due later today or tomorrow.
Final results are easily copied, any number of times, without loss of quality.
Final results are here .
Final results are now available.
Final results are now online .
Final results are now posted- please click here.
Final results are on wins first and all ties are broken with point differential.
Final results are to be certified today.
Final results become apparent about a year after the therapy is completed.
Final results can go by pull that causes script to run.
Final results depend on how well the main pump or left ventricle functions.
Final results differ from either the model or the data alone.
Final results exhibit suitability for futher use of the presented procedure.
Final Results follow.
Final results represent a cross-section of industries and company sizes.
Final results show that both systems are very harmonious in overall pricing.
Final results show the types of analysis that the model can be used to determine.
All final results are in.
Final resume is typed and handed in along with index cards.
Final review is by the appropriate national advisory council.
Final reviews involve guest critics and faculty from within and outside the department.
Final Reviews Pin up and discussion of all work done in the past two weeks.
Final revisions are complete.
Final rewrites are due next week.
Final rinse is supplied as a one-part concentrate for easy mixing.
Final rule adds warning on devices containing latex .
Final rules are annually codified in the Idaho Administrative Code .
Final Rules are below.
Final rules include requirements.
Final rules take effects.
Most final rules take effects.
Some final rules determine status.
Final salary is dependant on rank, experience and location .
Final sale is actually contingent on certain approvals for planned development.
Final sale is subject to approval of the seller.
Final sale is subject to the approval of the seller.
Final sales are in small quantities - less than a case.
Final sales consist of consumer purchases, business investment, government and trade.
Final scan is done.
Final scene finds actors back at table, stage cleared of show paraphernalia.
Final scene reveals all.
Some final scenes take places.
Final schedules are now here.
Final scheduling is decided in the summer.
Final score is computed according to the credit hours of lecture and laboratory respectively.
Final score is the sum of all assignment scores.
Final score is the sum of the claimed scores per contact.
Final score is total points.
Final score tells it all.
Final scores appear below.
Final scores are generally the same or higher than the preliminary scores.
Final seal is accomplished by caulking in field.
Final section illuminates debate over immigration policy in general.
Final section includes case studies to help chairs take a grounded approach to their new assignment.
Final section is extremely helpful.
Final section lists some Irish placenames and meaning of words.
Final sections illustrate the value of syntax in understanding complex English prose and poetry.
Final sections review resources and costs for the various programs, and efforts at replication.
Final selection depends on the clearance behind the planting unit.
Final selection is at the discretion of the chief of police.
Final selection is at the judges' discretion.
Final selection is at the sole discretion of the president.
Final selection is based on a rating and ranking system with a limit placed by available funding.
Final selection is based on an interview with industry sponsors.
Final selection is based on both the application and an interview with program faculty.
Final selection is based on evaluation of supplemental materials.
Final selection is based on interviews of leading candidates.
Final selection is based on interviews.
Final selection is based on skiers ability and skill level.
Final selection is based on tertiary entrance rank, the questionnaire and a short interview.
Final selection is based upon a numerical ranking of all applicants.
Final selection is based upon points accumulated in designated tournaments.
Final selection is by interview and is highly competitive.
Final selection is by invitation only.
Final selection is by personal interview.
Final selection is by vote of the mathematics faculty.
Final selection is competitive due to the limited number of available slots.
Final selection is contingent on passing medical and security checks.
Final selection is contingent on telephone interview.
Final selection is currently on hold.
Final selection is dependent on local geology and desired resolution.
Final selection is determined by a faculty vote of all qualified nominees.
Final selection is determined by an interview with the scientist.
Final selection is determined by the team in conjunction with the sponsor.
Final selection is determined by vote.
Final selection is done at the close of the second week.
Final selection is made after a series of interviews.
Final selection is made after reviewing all potential trainees.
Final selection is made at the fall meeting of the committee.
Final selection is made at weaning based on frame score and conformation.
Final selection is made by a committee of three faculty and previous winners of the prize.
Final selection is made by a committee representing the university's colleges.
Final selection is made by a vote of the faculty.
Final selection is made by each academy on a competitive basis.
Final selection is made by the board of trustees of the foundation.
Final selection is made by the director, with an attempt to equalize the load among the faculty.
Final selection is made by the main office for the Chicago area.
Final selection is made by the Philadelphia-based selection committee.
Final selection is made by the residency committee.
Final selection is made by the scholarship committee.
Final selection is made by the site sponsor.
Final selection is made by the student.
Final selection is made from the persons properly nominated.
Final selection is made in the U.S. by panels of experts.
Final selection is made in the United States by panels of experts.
Final selection is made through formal employment interviews with participating companies.
Final selection is on basis of the performance both in the written test as well as in the interview.
Final selection is subject to instructor's permission.
Final selection is subject to prior approval and hiring restrictions in effect at the time.
Final selection occurs in country.
Final selection occurs in the early winter.
Final selection requires Section membership approval.
Final selection takes place after the range season.
Final selections are yet to be done.
Final shape comes with metamorphosis of polyp into a young medusa, from which an adult emerges.
Final shape depends on cultivar, the species is an erect, narrow conical tree.
Final shot is of Owen talking with someone in what looks like a living room.
Final shot is of the boy with chin in hand, sitting on the steps of the library.
Final site is presented to client for checking and approval.
Final size depends on size of the program.
Final sketches are to be done in color, using any medium.
Final solutions are at hand while official denials spangle the airwaves.
Some final solutions contain insulin.
Final spread is related to rate of spread in alien weeds.
Final stability is the result of hull design, and has nothing to do with width.
Final stability is the tendency of the boat to actually tip over.
A final stage is a conclusion
Final stage involves a large scale individual project.
Some final stages take places.
Final state is achieved after several oscillations.
Final states are also dummy states that terminate the action.
Final states are red and NonFinal states are Blue .
Final states have a double circle.
Final statement is too dark to read.
Final statements are subject to a written ballot.
Final statistics represent the number of inhabitants per square kilometer.
Final status is to be determined through direct negotiations within five years.
Final step is replaced by a wide back-step.
Final step is to apply the hand strap.
Final step is to see if the page's fullness quotient has changed and make appropriate changes if so.
Final steps involve careful testing and Verification of the entire system to ensure smooth Launch .
Final stop is the tasting room for dixie-cupped samples.
Final summations conclude in inquiry.
Final sweat has more NaCl than normal.
Final tasks take another hour.
Final tax is total annual income tax based on final return, less preliminary installments.
Final team results on line Great Britain win from Belarus and Italy.
Final terms are at the discretion of the local office.
Final terms are negotiable.
Final tests covering the grammatical structures follow the lessons, and an answer key is provided.
Final testing can be an especially difficult time.
Final testing covers the entire system in order to provide a feel of the overall presentation.
Final testing is accomplished, then the layout is turned over to our scenery artisans.
Final testing is an opportunity for faults to be corrected.
Final testing is done on campus during a four-day flexible time block during the last week.
Final testing is done prior to repackaging and crating before delivery.
Final testing is underway.
Final thickness is dependent upon type and frequency of traffic.
Final thinning is done using ion milling.
Final third is mostly fast and downhill.
Final thought is about bottle prices in general.
Final Thoughts Being asked to write a review of a glider is a bit flattering.
Final Thoughts Build some simple patterns over the basic notes of a chord for starters.
Final Thoughts Implementing TLS within a network is never easy.
Final Thoughts Notetaking is an extremely vital, though often overlooked, skill.
Final Thoughts Remember, keep the activities and the equipment age appropriate.
Final Thoughts Remember, no golf swing is the same.
Final thoughts Sailing at night is one of the essential joys of cruising in small boats.
Final Thoughts Taking care of the Earth is a vital lesson for our children to learn.
Final Thoughts Writing profitable online ads takes time, effort, determination and practice.
Some Final Thoughts Learn to haggle.
Final Tips Be on time for any meeting.
Final Tips Producing a digital video is a creative endeavor.
Final Tips Use just enough foam to hold the number of stems necessary for the design.
Some final tips Buy good quality seed to ensure good plant production.
Some final tips follow.
Final topics are available here.
Final topics deal with aspects of integration in three dimensions.
Final touch is a bit of foam on the supports.
Final Touches Be sure that clean up is completed.
Final transcript showing degree conferred is required.
Final transitions are transitions with no subsequent states.
Final treatment is similar to that used at our two reservoir water treatment plants.
Final treatment using an oxidizing agent - again be careful of the air volumes involved.
All final treatments are to be supervised by an Inspector.
Any final twist becomes arbitrary, lacking meaning.
Final unit is a comprehensive interactive multimedia CD-ROM application.
Final unit treats the Jewish life-cycle and the system of religious practices.
Final urine is what drips out of collecting duct.
Final use is for space qualified equipment.
Final use occurs within the context of ongoing school schedules.
Final validation is tomorrow.
Final valuation is rolled up into all or nothing country of origin.
Final value is the value found in the optimal solution.
Final value is value of the constrained cell.
Final version appears as pp.
Final version incorporates input from well sampling locations and local regional office experience.
Final version is available now.
Final version is full button up front with a wind flap closure.
Final versions are available as postscript or pdf files.
Final versions are due approximately ten days before the last day of classes for spring semester.
Final Versions are literally that.
Final victory is in store for the Korean people holding fast to science and technology.
Final vision is obtained within weeks rather than months.
Final volume consists of essays on the history of the novel and specific types of novels.
Final volume includes an extensive subject index to all of the encyclicals.
Final volume includes an index.
Final volume is a comprehensive index.
Final votes are due today.
Final voting is done by member athletic directors.
Final voting is done by students.
Final voting is restricted to Active academy members.
Final vows are about commitment, and commitment is a strong, clear voice.
Final vows are for life.
Final vows come five years later.
Final week is final project demo.
Final weights are adjusted to a common age at slaughter.
Final whistle blows before one second after restart of play.
Final wipe is with the cartridge upside down.
Final work involves riveting in the new section.
Final work is now underway on data-collection instruments.
Final work is presented in written, oral, and visual reports.
Final work is provided in Word, pdf or any other required format.
Some final work is scheduled in the next couple of weeks.
Final year is very stressful and it is good to get a head start on the project itself.
Final year is worse.
Final year undergraduates with the consent of their lecturers.
Final yield is about one-third of the original volume.
Final yield is primarily dependent on the number of seeds per pod and seed size.
Final yields can be sequence dependent.
Final is a match
Final is matchs.
Finals are a one-off.
Finals are a review that many students are now required to complete, some as early as middle school.
Finals are a vicious cycle.
Finals are about defence and kicking games.
Finals are about grit, determination and desperation.
Finals are about individuals.
Finals are about momentum and peaking at the right time.
Finals are about self-belief.
Finals are about skill.
Finals are about speed.
Finals are about toughness, both physically and mentally.
Finals are all next week.
Finals are almost here.
Finals are always interesting.
Finals are around the corner, so start review past material.
Finals are chillingly final.
Finals are Comprehensive.
Finals are for winning.
Finals are going on, projects are due and students look forward to a much-needed vacation.
Finals are graded and grades assigned.
Finals are hell.
Finals are here.
Finals are important, and last second cramming is important also.
Finals are in a week and a half.
Finals are in the color of red .
Finals are in the spring.
Finals are intense.
Finals are just around the corner.
Finals are just over.
Finals are little over a month away.
Finals are near.
Finals are next week.
Finals are over for the semester and the students are a few days from going home for vacation.
Finals are over, and the new semester has just started up.
Finals are over, it's time to move out for the summer.
Finals are over.
Finals are right around the corner.
Finals are the ideal occasions to hone skills under pressure and earn respect.
Finals are to be administered according to the above schedule.
Finals are to be given on the date and at the time scheduled.
Finals are usually essay in nature and are of the take home format.
Finals begin in a few days, and term papers are due.
Finals begin next week.
Finals begin tomorrow.
Finals bring day of reckoning for procrastinators.
Finals can be difficult.
Finals can create stress because they often make or break a good grade, according to some students.
Finals cause a multitude of reactions, varying from intense dread to excited anticipation.
Finals Choose a set score for detailed statistics.
Finals end .
Finals end approx.
Finals end for the underclassmen tomorrow.
Finals format as presented.
Finals Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Finals is a three game series, in which each team plays on each colour once.
Finals is comprehensive.
Finals is incorrect in the handbook.
Finals show their ugly faces and tension mounts as grades are processed and sent in the mail.
Finals start next week.
Finals start tomorrow.
Finals take place in the lab.
Finals tba Games in italic are Spring Break Trip games.
Finals then become necessary.
Finals Turn in homework assignment.
Finals uses a panel of five judges.
Finals wind up.
Finals often make students wonder how important tests really are.
All finals are ten minutes each half with a three-minutes break at half time.
All finals are to be given in the same room assigned for the semester.
All finals do is piss off students and encourage more drinking.
Some finals are comprehensive - meaning they cover the entire course content.
A finale is an ending
Finale actually begins.
Finale comes with no less than three manuals, all thick and well-organized.
Finale comes with on-line help extensive reference manuals.
Finale continues to be the industry standard against which all other notation programs are compared.
Finale does give the user the ability to create and edit graphic libraries.
Finale features chorus girls dancing on the wings of airplanes.
Finale is available in the Computer Music Studio.
Finale is one of the most established and widely-used notation systems in use in universities.
Finale is pleasantly decorated with red carpet and black tables the place really buzzes.
Finale is the world's best-selling music notation software.
Finale is used for desktop publishing of music manuscripts.
Finale offers no such option for expressive playback.
Finale Use a variety of household objects to make shakers.
Finales are conclusions.
Finales are finish.
Finales are part of musical compositions.
Finales are part of performance.
Finales often have the three-subject sonata form.
A finalist is a competitor
Finalist also advertise various fairs for final year students and graduates.
Finalist is selected.
Finalists are determined.
Finalists are eligible to go on to both state and national levels.
Finalists are free to password protect their documents.
Finalists are humans.
Finalists are now online.
Finalists are persons who are selected for interviews.
Finalists are responsible for interview related expenses.
Finalists are responsible for their own transportation expenses.
Finalists are rivals.
Finalists are subject to a telephone interview.
Finalists attend district interviews later in that same week.
Finalists begin project research and development of proposal.
Finalists build a second bridge in a two-hour contest to determine the winners of the Challenge Cup.
Finalists can receive cash awards, plaques and certificates.
Finalists can use the time up to the finals to improve the presentation of the application.
Finalists chosen for auditor post Auditing a city government can be a difficult task.
Finalists compete on the campus for cash prizes and an engagement the following season.
Finalists deliver prepared speeches and participate in an extemporaneous speaking contest.
Finalists demonstrate clearly how information technology is being used to improve society.
Finalists emerge from a field of about one million high school students who competed in local fairs.
Finalists emerge, then are lopped away in sudden death rounds until only one is left standing.
Finalists get medals, the overall winner gets one years custody of the scrap trophy.
Finalists go on to compete at the district level.
Finalists go through a rigorous interview process.
Finalists have the option of directing their own scripts, or bringing along someone they've chosen.
Finalists have three hours to cook their entered menu and present it to table.
Finalists move on to the national competition in Indianapolis.
Finalists participate in on-campus interviews.
Finalists perform before an adjudicating panel and audience.
Finalists pitch their plans in person to leading venture capitalists and social entrepreneurs.
Finalists play in Hawaii.
Finalists present their business ideas to a panel of venture capitalists in the spring.
Finalists present their plan before a panel of business leaders who judge the plan's feasibility.
Finalists present their programs at the annual conference workshop.
Finalists produce a layout of a promotional item for a hypothetical company.
Finalists receive a plaque commemorating their contributions.
Finalists receive a plaque recognizing their contribution to paper recovery and recycling.
Finalists receive a second visit before the winners are selected.
Finalists receive certificates.
Finalists receive complimentary dinner tickets.
Finalists receive free admission to the World Cup.
Finalists receive one-year subscription.
Finalists receive pins.
Finalists receive recognition and prizes for participating in the finals.
Finalists receive recognition awards, and the top five finalists receive monetary prizes.
Finalists score in the top one percent of students in the nation.
Finalists then explain their solution during an interview.
Finalists then prepare a portfolio demonstrating their excellence in service-learning.
Finalists undergo a background investigation.
Finalists visit the Hard Rock Cafe - A great dinner at a rockin' restaurant.
Finalists frequently have to defend their opinions and priorities.
Finalists usually go out together for lunch.
All finalists also receive environmental resource materials and seeds.
All Finalists are eligible regardless of the scientific or technical category of their project.
All finalists receive certificates of recognition and ribbons.
All finalists receive certificates.
All finalists receive medals sent to their school.
All finalists receive trophies and t-shirts.
Every finalist is guaranteed to win a cash prize.
Every finalist receives local and national recognition.
Many finalists get nervous as the time for the interview approaches.
Most finalists return to live in College.
A finality is predictability
Finality has to be in the agreement.
Finality is a key step in making brownfields redevelopment a success across the nation.
Finality is considered a necessity in an adoption for both parties, the parent and the child.
Finality is death.
Finality is very important in the death of a pet.
Finality means something else.
Finality means that Palestinian claims against Israel come to an end.
Finality occurs only after appellate rights are exhausted.
A finalization is a completion
Finalization has considerable overhead relative to explicitly releasing resources.
Finalization is restructured.
Finalization is the counterpart of initialization, and takes place when the application shuts down.
Finalization is used to ensure that memory allocated from external heaps is returned.
Finalization is used to ensure that the streams buffers are flushed to the underlying medium.
Finalization is used to ensure the file is closed.
Finalization occurs in court when a judge issues the final adoption decree.
Finalizations are completions.
Finals week can be a stressful time for students.
Finals week can be tough for any student.
Finals week continues .
Finals week is an especially busy time, so two weeks notice is required.
Finals week is designed for students to get studying done, and to enjoy themselves.
Finals week is here.
Finals week is the week following.
Finals week is too late.
Finals week starts.
Finals week tends to make people go crazy.
Finanacial aid is available.
Finance capital exceeds knowledge capital in industries like mining and timber.
Finance capital is reflected in the stock market transactions.
Finance capital is the almighty power on earth today.
Finance capital is the money that has been invested in bonds, loans or stock shares.
Finance capital likes industrial monopolization, but strongly prefers the clique variety.
Finance charge is interest paid over the life of the loan, plus the origination fee.
Finance charges apply from the date of purchase.
Finance charges begin accruing on cash advances from the transaction date.
Finance charges begin to accrue on date purchases post to account.
Finance charges begin when the transfer is made, and rates are subject to change quarterly.
Finance charges consist of interest costs, late fees, etc.
Finance charges continue to accrue in that skip-payment month.
Finance charges continue to accrue.
Finance Charges continue to accrue.
A finance committee is a commission
Finance committees spend most of their time on money issues.
A finance company is an institution
Finance companies appreciate businesses that keep a close eye on their books.
Finance companies are easier to obtain one from but they can charge sky-high interest rates.
Finance companies are less strict about making loans than banks are.
Finance companies are major suppliers of credit to consumers and businesses.
Finance companies are more lenient, however, they include sky-high interest rates.
Finance companies are sometimes more flexible than main street banks for business financing.
Finance companies are subject to a well-developed legal framework and relatively strict regulation.
Finance companies give almost anyone a loan, but only with high interest rates.
Finance companies have money to lend.
Finance companies look for incoming revenue to be spread evenly over a number of customers.
Finance companies operate along the same lines as commercial banks.
Finance companies specialize in small loans to higher risk borrowers.
Many finance companies can provide leasing if the credit of the lessee is excellent.
Many finance companies have similar relationships with franchisors.
Many finance companies have such a requirement.
Most finance companies offer only limited solutions from a narrow range of services.
Finance departments breed computer departments.
Finance houses specialise in leasing and hire purchase agreements.
Finance lease See open-end lease .
Finance leases count against credit approvals for capital control purposes.
Finance leases give customers the option to own equipment under lease.
A finance minister is a government minister
Finance ministers are government ministers.
Finance ministers are ministers.
Finance ministers are to meet more often.
Finance ministers are workers.
Finance ministers discuss international financial stability.
Finance ministers gleam.
Finance ministers meet annually, and other meetings are held as appropriate.
Finance ministers plan to hunt down tax evaders Hamburg.
Any finance system distributing a fixed sum of money is bound to be subject to criticism.
Finance theory suggests that leases and corporate debt are substitutes.
Finance also directs the issuance of municipal debt and industrial revenue bonds.
Finance also generates cost and revenue projections for corporate.
Finance also includes dividends.
Finance also mails a notice to each property owner.
Finance also monitors expenditures, revenue, and cash flows.
Finance also prepares other reports that are required by law.
Finance applies economics, accounting, and mathematics to financial decision-making.
Finance are also very useful.
Finance are far more voluminous.
Finance are popular financial megasites with good trackers.
Finance assures that proper controls are in place for disbursing city monies.
Finance based on a stake in the business is known as equity.
Finance Be responsible for developing and maintaining sound financial practices.
Finance Be shameless.
Finance benefits all types of investors.
Finance builds on the previous topics.
Finance can be a big problem, but many people have found ways to get the money together.
Finance can be a very difficult subject for some students.
Finance can help IT to either look good or look bad.
Finance can reduce the stress typically associated with tax time.
Finance charge The charge for using a credit card, comprised of interest costs and other fees.
Finance chat on personal finance.
Finance conducts an annual revaluation of every property.
Finance considers gross negligence to differ greatly from ordinary negligence.
Finance contains data from a number of different providers.
Finance courses online - lots of online lecture notes.
Finance covers budgeting, investment performance, capital gains, cash flow, and more.
Finance covers personal finance software, investments, and so on.
Finance covers raising capital for and allocating capital to various corporate activities.
Finance Create a cash flow budget for the next three years.
Finance creates unreasonable demands which are generated by the 'advertising industry'.
Finance develops a spreadsheet summarizing the budget status of each project.
Finance easily handles the complexities of research accounting.
Finance Enter one or more symbols below.
Finance focuses on investments and financial management.
Finance gets the cost effectiveness of web-based deployment.
Finance gives a business summary and statistical profile.
Finance gives easy access to the financial world on the web.
Finance handles general ledger, budgets, management and inventory.
Finance has nowhere else to turn for guidance but the law.
Finance has numerous sites.
Finance has stock quotes and financial news links section.
Finance has three certified public accountants and two other employees with accounting degrees.
Finance Improve short term financial reporting.
Finance includes a wide range of personal investment and other financial resources.
Finance includes all activities related to recording the monetary transactions of an organization.
Finance includes all campus-wide accounting and cashiering services.
Finance Includes mutual fund links, straight forward stock quotes, insider trading, and much more.
Finance includes venture capitalists, money managers, real estate developers, and banking houses.
Finance involves the study of business finance, investments, and financial institutions.
Finance is a basic necessity for any business operation.
Finance is a broad and dynamic field which can be defined as the art and science of managing money.
Finance is a broad term.
Finance is a challenging area of study, dynamic in nature and complex in application.
Finance is a checking, savings, and credit card account management program.
Finance is a complete financial page full of great articles and links.
Finance is a continuously evolving field.
Finance is a crucial part of business management since all business decisions affect cash resources.
Finance is a field in which the application of mathematical analysis has proved especially potent.
Finance is a field that offers many job opportunities.
Finance is a global field.
Finance is a good place to look for mortgage, credit, and other financial resources.
Finance is a highly quantitative field.
Finance is a misnomer in Silicon Valley.
Finance is a modern and fascinating discipline to do with money, markets and valuation.
Finance is a partner in every strategic business decision.
Finance is a quantitative discipline.
Finance is a relatively new and expansive field which is attracting many students.
Finance is a theoretical subject with important application to decision-making.
Finance is a thorny issue.
Finance is a very logical discipline.
Finance is a young and dynamic field.
Finance is about how money is raised, how money is managed and how money is spent.
Finance is about ideas.
Finance is accountable for the office finances.
Finance is all about creating value.
Finance is also a big hurdle for the students.
Finance is also a broad sector.
Finance is also a fair field, as Libras are trustworthy in handling other people's money.
Finance is also a useful major to students interested in the management of small firms.
Finance is also available.
Finance is also excellent preparation for graduate school.
Finance is also only part of the solution to developing the sector.
Finance is also quite significant.
Finance is also the science of the management of funds.
Finance is always a problem in voluntary organisations.
Finance is among the more dynamic areas in business administration.
Finance is an agency within the City of New York.
Finance is an applied discipline with an analytical orientation.
Finance is an exciting and highly rewarding major.
Finance is an expensive function.
Finance is an important consideration.
Finance is an integral part of every business team, as advisor and partner.
Finance is another area sizzling with activity.
Finance is another battleground.
Finance is available for larger purchases subject to status.
Finance is available for rural, commercial and development loans .
Finance is available for UK residents only and is subject to status.
Finance is available to assist students to attend ASGI meetings.
Finance is available to assist with the purchase of a motor vehicle from a licensed dealer only.
Finance is available.
Finance is based on the tithe.
Finance is basically concerned with raising money and profitably investing it.
Finance is big business.
Finance is business
Finance is commercial enterprises.
Finance is concerned with raising money and profitably investing it.
Finance is defined as the are and science of making money.
Finance is designed as preparation for a variety of financial careers.
Finance is easily available in the form of venture funding.
Finance is free.
Finance is global.
Finance is globalized.
Finance is here a crucial question.
Finance is how funds are channeled through the economy.
Finance is important because it affects all our lives.
Finance is inherently a technical and analytical field.
Finance is integral to any organization whether public, private or nonprofit.
Finance is interpreted broadly to include the interface between finance and economics.
Finance is involved in all aspects of our economic endeavor.
Finance is just as much a sport as football.
Finance is locally available but usually after a substantial amount of capital has been brought in.
Finance is management.
Finance is monetary resources comprising debt and ownership funds of the state, company or person.
Finance is more for browsing than searching.
Finance is no longer just a means of facilitating the exchange of goods and services.
Finance is now in the process of updating the internal procedures.
Finance is often a student's second area of study.
Finance is one of the fast growing areas in the corporate world.
Finance is one of the hottest topics on the Web.
Finance is one of the main paths to senior management positions.
Finance is only one small aspect of internal audits that are important to a manager.
Finance is our life.
Finance is plentiful for the right projects.
Finance is probably one of the most significant.
Finance is provided to new industrial units.
Finance is readily available on the domestic market to Malaysian importers.
Finance is responsible for all financial, accounting and taxation functions.
Finance is responsible for the maintenance of the business registration program.
Finance is still the king.
Finance is the acquisition and planned expenditure of capital funds.
Finance is the area where the issues manifest and often escalate.
Finance is the art and science of managing money.
Finance is the art and science of money management.
Finance is the economy's second most important sector.
Finance is the field involved with the management of funds in our economic system.
Finance is the fuel that feeds the flame of innovation.
Finance is the functional field used to illustrate many of the spreadsheet modeling applications.
Finance is the liaison with many outside organizations.
Finance is the most appropriate second major for most students.
Finance is the most encompassing of all business enterprises.
Finance is the most important and most encompassing class.
Finance is the most user friendly financial web site for college students.
Finance is the place for people who enjoy making decisions as well as profits.
Finance is the science of the management of money and other assets.
Finance is the student's typical second area of study.
Finance is the study of interaction of firms and financial markets.
Finance is truly global and can involve significant international travel.
Finance is used by people, by governments, by businesses, etc., as well as by all kinds of groups.
Finance is viewed as the training ground for top management in the modern corporation.
Finance is what makes everything in the business world come together.
Finance is, at heart, a problem-solving discipline.
Finance issues a payment check to the vendor.
Finance issues a payment warrant to the vendor.
Finance keeps track of stocks as well as linking to personal bank accounts.
Finance Learn how to finance.
Finance lies at the heart of political power.
Finance link at left.
Finance mails the owner a notice if it increases a tentative assessment.
Finance maintains information on each property for assessment purposes.
Finance needs to know what has sold through the channel.
Finance now intervenes relatively little in the functioning of the industrial field.
Finance occurs at two levels.
Finance offers a variety of well-paying and exciting professional opportunities .
Finance offers a variety of well-paying and exciting professional opportunities.
Finance offers a wide variety of financial resources that anyone can access.
Finance Offers good services.
Finance offers lots of great links, including financial and market news.
Finance offers more than just stock quotes and company news.
Finance originate from other sources.
Finance owns the Financial block and Marketing owns the Marketing block.
Finance plans to release further details, followed by a consultative process and draft legislation.
Finance plays a crucial role in all developmental activities of an organisation.
Finance plays an increasingly large role in a variety of for-profit and nonprofit organizations.
Finance prepares students for positions in both large and small businesses.
Finance provides a good background for students seeking a general career in business.
Finance provides a good background for students seeking general careers in business.
Finance provides charts of stocks, mutual funds, and market indices.
Finance Provides financial and estate planning advice for grandparents.
Finance provides important knowledge about asset management, capital markets, and risk strategies.
Finance provides limited, but free reports of insider stock sales and acquisitions.
Finance provides quick and factual financial information.
Finance receives and reviews the copy.
Finance receives daily.
Finance Recommend an operating budget and unrestricted grants.
Finance recommends full support.
Finance refers to activities involving the management of funds.
Finance represents China's largest IT industry.
Finance represents the core discipline in banks and other financial institutions.
Finance requires more training in math and statistics than many other fields.
Finance retains the original financial records.
Finance says the further restructuring of the public service .
Finance See Another dept.
Finance seems to be supported by on-line advertising.
Finance serves as the central repository for an institution's administrative financial data.
Finance Setting out to buy a home can be a daunting process.
Finance shows the smallest forecast increase.
Finance sits at the very heart of trade, growth, development, and political stability.
Finance strongly encourages the use of direct credit.
Finance takes over the financial aspects of the write-off.
Finance traditionally dominates the sector.
Finance vehicles up to two years old.
Finance wants something up by next summer.
Finances allow nothing more than that.
Finances allow the reprinting of one book per year along with various public service activities.
Finances also come into play.
Finances also have to be available for new ventures.
Finances also limit patients' ability to participate in clinical trials.
Finances appear to be an obstacle for a significantly greater number in both groups.
Finances are a big part of the second marriage, working positively and negatively.
Finances are a factor, and a lot of people feel the burden is too high.
Finances are a major stress factor in families.
Finances are a matter of divine guidance.
Finances are a part of that.
Finances are actually good, rentals are up.
Finances are also a consideration.
Finances are also a continuing cause of change.
Finances are always a concern.
Finances are always a major constraint when discussing sustainable agriculture.
Finances are always tight.
Finances are another factor to consider.
Finances are another roadblock.
Finances are another source of worry.
Finances are another stumbling block to be avoided.
Finances are certainly on the mind of every executive.
Finances are critical.
Finances are equally modern.
Finances are especially problematic if in the past their husbands have managed that aspect.
Finances are fine.
Finances are foremost.
Finances are good.
Finances are important.
Finances are in a frowning mood.
Finances are in good shape.
Finances are just one aspect of a child's athletic activities.
Finances are likely to get affected.
Finances are likely to improve.
Finances are limited, and the subject matter is broad.
Finances are limited.
Finances are more complicated.
Finances are more frustrating, however.
Finances are obviously an important consideration.
Finances are often a consideration when discussing inclusive education.
Finances are often a problem for single parents.
Finances are often strained to provide medical care.
Finances are on track with the original plan.
Finances are one factor.
Finances are one of the biggest problem areas in many marriages.
Finances are one of the leading points of contention in many marriages.
Finances are one point of contention.
Finances are one.
Finances are only a symptom of the disorder.
Finances are only one of the many issues being examined.
Finances are pivotal to the evolution.
Finances are relatively flat for the year on concert revenue, so funding needs continue.
Finances are similar to last month still in good state, which gives some leeway.
Finances are something else.
Finances are still a big problem.
Finances are strained.
Finances are strong.
Finances are the easiest issues to target.
Finances are the number one cause for divorce in American today.
Finances are the number one problem for married couples, and a major cause of divorce.
Finances are the number one reason given for divorce.
Finances are the single biggest problem faced by aspiring athletes around the world.
Finances are tight, job security no longer assured and morale low.
Finances are tight, work is plentiful, but there's still some light just around the corner.
Finances are tough.
Finances are under control.
Finances are usually an issue.
Finances are very important.
Finances are vitally important within international borders.
Finances are well controlled and working between County, District and Parish Councils is excellent.
Finances being what they are, people have to cut corners.
Finances Belonging to a fraternity or sorority carries a financial obligation.
Finances can be a major family battleground.
Finances can be a serious concern .
Finances can be a touchy subject.
Finances can be an emotional issue.
Finances can be another important issue for college freshmen.
Finances can be difficult, but surmountable.
Finances can be frightening when they get out of control.
Finances can certainly drive it, and so can tradition.
Finances can often be very frustrating and confusing, especially at tax time.
Finances can shift from good to poor overnight.
Finances Cash Maintain enough cash to buy necessities for two weeks.
Finances change, frequently for the worse.
Finances continue to be a struggle.
Finances continue to improve.
Finances dictate that athletic departments find creative ways to fund sports.
Finances Establish a foundation level of adequate funding for two quality high schools.
Finances fluctuate daily between low and nonexistent.
Finances get tight.
Finances have a lot to do with divorce.
Finances have a way of spoiling people's dreams and limiting their self confidence.
Finances have their part.
Finances hinder even more.
Finances improve during the middle of the month.
Finances improve slowly.
Finances improve somewhat.
Finances improve, but remain inconsistent through the rest of week.
Finances is an issue.
Finances is another problem in our poor economical situation.
Finances is however a problem.
Finances is the topic of the fifth strategy of our six point plan.
Finances Keep a paper record of all holdings, loan balances, and transactions.
Finances Making the numbers is the first hurdle.
Finances play a huge role in the decision to leave.
Finances present a major challenge for the church to serve well.
Finances present another problem.
Finances remain a concern.
Finances remain a problem.
Finances represent one of the biggest conflicts in a marriage.
Finances result in the father working two jobs.
Finances seem to appear where and when they are needed.
Finances strain a lot of marriages and divorces follow.
Finances always seem to be a problem.
Finances often hinder such flexibility.
Finances often limit the number of leaves that can be granted.
Finances sometimes take on a life of their own, and often that life turns into a nightmare.
Finance usually designates a couple of people responsible for the handling of the money.
Financial abuse has a devastating effect upon the senior population.
Financial abuse is improper or illegal use of the resources of an older person without consent.
Financial abuse is much more difficult, partly because older people .
Financial abuse is one of several activities defined in law as elder abuse.
Financial abuse is the misuse of someone's property and resources by another person.
Financial abuse is the unauthorized use or control of money or assets.
Financial accessibility is our top priority.
Financial account consists of all operations changing international investment position.
Financial accountants prepare financial statements used in making investment and lending decisions.
Financial accounting is a formalized system designed to record the financial history of the firm.
Financial accounting is concerned with external reporting of accounting data.
Financial accounting is concerned with the preparation of financial statements.
Financial accounting is the art of communicating financial information to interested users.
Financial accounting is very important to our economy.
Financial accounting measures the cost of the equipment.
Financial Accounting Teaches the basic structure of the accounting system.
All financial accounting is built upon transactions.
All financial activity is open for review.
Financial acumen is one of the key success factors for success.
Financial advancement is a marriage motivator for some.
Financial advice comes from everywhere.
Financial advice comes in many forms and from many sources.
Financial advice is also now available at the site.
Financial advice is an essential requirement for everyone.
Financial advisers can generate position and activity reports.
Financial advisers feel it makes little difference.
Financial advisers gravitate more toward a total financial plan using no-load mutual funds.
Financial advisers have a lot to offer in terms of solutions.
Financial advisers have different opinions on bond funds generally.
Financial advisers recommend a written budget .
Financial advisers recommend that children talk over potential inheritances with their parents.
Financial advisers recommend that unmarried people maintain separate credit cards and bank accounts.
Financial advisers say separate personal spending accounts can sharply reduce bickering over money.
Financial advisers say that as a rule most people are too conservative.
Financial advisers say the old advice is still the best and, unfortunately, the least followed.
Many financial advisers prefer to see their clients keep a much lower company stock commitment.
Many financial advisers receive commissions for buying and selling securities.
Many financial advisers visit expatriates in cities all over Asia.
Most financial advisers favor the former.
Most financial advisers recommend investing in the stock market for the long run.
Most financial advisers take a more skeptical view of heavy trading within any retirement account.
Some financial advisers are helpful and sound.
Financial advisor offers long-term financial and investment planning services.
Financial advisors are no different.
Financial advisors are workers.
Financial advisors can earn designations by completing accredited courses of study.
Financial advisors can help, but their services usually aren t free.
Financial advisors have different opinions concerning the purchase of life insurance.
Financial advisors help clients identify and prioritize their financial goals and objectives.
Financial advisors recommend that children talk over potential inheritances with their parents.
Financial advisors say as much.
Financial advisors use FACs to add value to consulting engagements.
Financial advisors warn that it is better to use a credit card when traveling.
Many financial advisors consider the closely held business owner to be the ideal prospect.
Many financial advisors recommend they increase their gifts to charity, including stock.
Many financial advisors work for only one company, so they offer only that company's products.
Most financial advisors agree that it's important to have an emergency fund.
Most financial advisors are experts at diversifying portfolios.
Most financial advisors know a lot about bear markets.
Most financial advisors know a lot about bears.
Most financial advisors know a lot about declining markets.
Most financial advisors make a living by charging high commissions on products they recommend.
Most financial advisors suggest that investors rebalance their portfolios at least once a year.
Some financial advisors solicit mortgage re- financing businesses.
Financial affairs are disastrous.
Financial affairs are still in the family's control.
Some financial agents are also presently out of control.
Financial aid acts as a price discount, lowering the net tuition paid by recipients.
Financial aid advising is available at no cost to the student.
Financial aid allows for a diversity of talents.
Financial aid appears, however, to be keeping up.
Financial aid applies and scholarships are available.
Financial aid applies both to the Aquinas tuition and program fee .
Financial aid applies both to the Aquinas tuition and the program fee.
Financial aid applies first to tutition then to remaining bills.
Financial aid applies to a study-abroad program.
Financial aid applies to all programs.
Financial aid applies to most fees.
Financial aid applies to most study programs.
Financial aid applies to the cost of most programs.
Financial aid applies to the cost of tuition only.
Financial aid applies, and special financial assistance is often available.
Financial aid applies.
Financial Aid Apply early for financial aid.
Financial aid awarded by companies and organizations often requires a special application.
Financial aid awarded is subtracted from the direct cost to determine actual cost.
Financial aid awarding begins.
Financial aid awarding usually occurs during midsummer.
Financial aid based on academic merit is awarded to many Ph.D. students.
Financial aid becomes the bridge between the student's potential resources and university costs.
Financial aid benefits the college student directly, and that's important.
Financial aid brings the cost to a level affordable by families of modest means.
Financial aid can also apply.
Financial aid can assist students with registration fees, books, and living expenses.
Financial aid can be a complex topic.
Financial aid can be a decisive factor in choosing a college.
Financial Aid can be available for the summer semester.
Financial aid can be in the form of grants, loans, or college work-study programs.
Financial aid can be loans, grants, federal college work-study, or scholarships.
Financial aid can be tricky because the guidelines change so often.
Financial aid can come from many sources.
Financial aid can consist of a combination of scholarships, employment, and loans.
Financial aid can help fill the gap between students' financial resources and the cost of college.
Financial aid can help make almost any college affordable.
Financial aid can help pay for tuition and fees, books and supplies and living expenses.
Financial aid can help reduce costs considerably.
Financial aid can help with living expenses, including books and supplies.
Financial aid can include grants, student loans, and federal work study.
Financial aid can make a tremendous difference in a young person's life.
Financial aid can make college possible, and getting organized can make financial aid possible.
Financial aid can make the college of choice financially possible.
Financial aid can offset the higher costs.
Financial aid can only accept official hours reported by the instructor to student records.
Financial aid can take the form of grants, loans, or work programs.
Financial aid can take the form of loans, grants, scholarships or work study programs.
Financial Aid Check out ISU .
Financial aid comes from many sources.
Financial aid comes in a variety of forms, including grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study.
Financial aid comes in a variety of forms.
Financial aid comes in a variety of packages.
Financial aid comes in many forms.
Financial aid comes in the form of grants, loans, work study, or academic scholarships.
Financial aid comes in the form of grants, scholarships and student loans.
Financial aid comes in the form of grants, student loans, and work-study.
Financial aid comes in the form of scholarships, grants, loans and work programs.
Financial aid comes in the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and student employment.
Financial Aid Complete the application for admission.
Financial aid consists of both federal and institutional programs.
Financial aid consists of federal, state, and institutional funds.
Financial aid consists of fellowships, assistantships, lectureships, and tuition waivers.
Financial aid consists of funds from federal, state, university, and private organization sources.
Financial aid consists of grants, loans, scholarships and work study.
Financial aid consists of grants, scholarships, loans and work study.
Financial aid consists of grants, scholarships, loans and work-study programs.
Financial aid consists of grants, scholarships, tuition and fee waivers, work-study, and loans.
Financial aid consists of loans, scholarships, and grants.
Financial aid consists of loans, scholarships, grants and tuition discounts.
Financial aid consists of scholarships, grants, loans, and employment.
Financial aid consists of scholarships, loans, and grants.
Financial aid consists of tuition remission and a stipend.
Financial aid consists primarily of grants, work studies, scholarships and loans.
Financial aid consists primarily of grants, work-studies, scholarships and loans.
Financial Aid Contains the online financial aid application and other important information.
Financial aid covers almost all expenses.
Financial aid covers portions of the comprehensive tuition and lunch fee.
Financial aid covers school related expenses.
Financial aid covers the cost of the recommended system.
Financial aid directories on reserve listing sources of financial aid.
Financial aid does apply to most international study programs.
Financial aid does the trick, in several different ways.
Financial Aid Find major student financial aid sites.
Financial Aid Find out about North Central's competitive financial aid offerings.
Financial Aid Find out about opportunities to receive financial aid.
Financial Aid Find out how to get financial assistance.
Financial Aid Find out more about financial aid and scholarships.
Financial Aid Find ways to pay for school.
Financial aid flows through the originating institution.
Financial aid forms Many schools have application deadlines well in advance of the entrance date.
Financial aid goes towards short-term shelter for battered wives and children.
Financial Aid Guaranteed student loans are available.
Financial aid has man regulations that can be confusing to both parents and students.
Financial Aid Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Financial aid helps make college affordable.
Financial aid helps with tuition.
Financial aid includes both grants and loans.
Financial aid includes everything from tax-exempt bonds to loan guarantees.
Financial aid includes full tuition and a monthly stipend.
Financial aid includes grants , loans and work study .
Financial aid includes grants, loans, and work-study.
Financial aid includes grants, loans, part-time work, and scholarships.
Financial aid includes grants, loans, work study, and scholarships.
Financial aid includes grants, loans, work-study, and scholarships.
Financial aid includes grants, scholarships, employment and loans.
Financial aid includes loans and work study awards.
Financial aid includes scholarships and student loans.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants and loans.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants, and loans.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants, loans, and campus work.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants, loans, and employment programs.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants, loans, and work programs.
Financial aid includes scholarships, grants, workstudy and loans.
Financial aid includes student loans.
Financial aid includes tuition in addition to the stipend.
Financial aid is a big part of the program.
Financial aid is a broad term covering many federal, state and campus programs.
Financial aid is a combination of grants and loans.
Financial aid is a complex and sometimes bewildering process.
Financial aid is a complex issue.
Financial aid is a federally regulated process.
Financial aid is a gift
Financial aid is a high priority.
Financial aid is a huge issue.
Financial aid is a priority for the faculty.
Financial aid is a problem for many students.
Financial aid is a secondary consideration.
Financial aid is a supplement to family contribution and is to be used for educational expenses.
Financial aid is a supplement to family resources if they are insufficient to meet college costs.
Financial aid is a term that covers federal, state and campus programs.
Financial aid is a three month process.
Financial aid is a time-sensitive process and early applicants benefit.
Financial aid is a way of bridging the gap between college costs and the family s ability to pay.
Financial aid is administered through the individual departments and programs in the college.
Financial aid is also applicable.
Financial aid is also available during the summer in the form of on-campus employment and loans.
Financial aid is also available for a limited number of students.
Financial aid is also available for all qualifying students.
Financial aid is also available for certain programs.
Financial aid is also available for eligible students.
Financial aid is also available for independent learning opportunities such as travel abroad.
Financial aid is also available for postdoctoral trainees.
Financial aid is also available for qualifying students.
Financial aid is also available for special learning opportunities such as study abroad.
Financial aid is also available for students in later years of their graduate program.
Financial aid is also available from athletic departments.
Financial aid is also available from various outside sources.
Financial aid is also available in the form of research assistantships.
Financial aid is also available through state-sponsored programs.
Financial aid is also available through student loans.
Financial aid is also available to pre-school students who attend religious schools.
Financial aid is also available to qualified applicants.
Financial aid is also available to vocational nursing students.
Financial aid is also available.
Financial aid is also completely portable at most schools.
Financial aid is always a tricky situation and the options can seem overwhelming.
Financial aid is an area of critical concern as federal support erodes.
Financial aid is an investment in our future.
Financial aid is an investment in the long-term health of the institution.
Financial aid is another area in which demand has increased significantly in recent years.
Financial aid is another consideration.
Financial aid is any source of funds available to help families meet education costs.
Financial aid is applicable Liberal arts courses and international business courses in English.
Financial aid is applicable.
Financial aid is applied directly to the tuition and the invoice.
Financial aid is applied to the account as it is recieved.
Financial aid is applied to the student's account each semester upon verification of attendance.
Financial aid is applied.
Financial aid is available .
Financial aid is available and confidential.
Financial aid is available and employment opportunities are excellent.
Financial aid is available and the program also caters to handicapped seniors.
Financial aid is available and there are also a number of dental assistant scholarships.
Financial aid is available and varies by program.
Financial aid is available as necessary.
Financial aid is available as one way to achieve diversity.
Financial aid is available at all campuses.
Financial aid is available at all grade levels.
Financial aid is available at all locations.
Financial aid is available at each university.
Financial aid is available at most private schools.
Financial aid is available based on eligibility.
Financial aid is available based on individual eligibility.
Financial aid is available by separate application.
Financial aid is available each year.
Financial aid is available for a limited number of students during the summer.
Financial aid is available for adult students who qualify.
Financial aid is available for adults who qualify.
Financial aid is available for all accredited programs.
Financial aid is available for all camps.
Financial aid is available for all of our programs.
Financial aid is available for all qualifying students to purchase books and tools.
Financial aid is available for all students attending colleges or universities in the United States.
Financial aid is available for all students.
Financial aid is available for applicants at the Ph.D. level.
Financial aid is available for applicants with strong records.
Financial aid is available for books when appropriate.
Financial aid is available for both college credit and vocational credit programs.
Financial aid is available for both full and part-time study.
Financial aid is available for both the fall and the spring semester.
Financial aid is available for both the regular academic year and the summer sessions.
Financial aid is available for certain students.
Financial aid is available for distance learning courses.
Financial aid is available for eligible applicants.
Financial aid is available for eligible students.
Financial aid is available for Episcopal training.
Financial aid is available for fall and spring terms only.
Financial aid is available for families who qualify.
Financial aid is available for family who qualify.
Financial aid is available for foreign students.
Financial aid is available for graduate school, too.
Financial aid is available for highly qualified students.
Financial aid is available for international students.
Financial aid is available for low income families.
Financial aid is available for low-income and minority applicants.
Financial aid is available for many qualified applicants.
Financial aid is available for many students.
Financial aid is available for most of the certificate programs.
Financial aid is available for most students.
Financial aid is available for non-degree seeking students.
Financial aid is available for our degree programs.
Financial aid is available for overseas study.
Financial aid is available for qualified applicants.
Financial aid is available for qualified credit students.
Financial aid is available for qualified individuals.
Financial aid is available for qualified participants.
Financial aid is available for qualified students in the form of scholarships and grants.
Financial aid is available for qualified students.
Financial aid is available for qualified, deserving students.
Financial aid is available for qualifying families.
Financial aid is available for qualifying students.
Financial aid is available for rent, utilities and prescriptions.
Financial aid is available for seniors.
Financial aid is available for some programs.
Financial aid is available for some students.
Financial aid is available for students in the BTh program.
Financial aid is available for students in the program.
Financial aid is available for students who meet the requirements.
Financial aid is available for students who qualify.
Financial aid is available for study abroad costs.
Financial aid is available for study abroad students.
Financial aid is available for study abroad.
Financial aid is available for the regular and short course sessions.
Financial aid is available for the remainder of the costs.
Financial aid is available for the summer on a limited basis.
Financial aid is available for the summer program.
Financial aid is available for the summer sessions , but a separate application process is used.
Financial aid is available for the summer sessions, as well as the fall and spring semesters.
Financial aid is available for U.S. citizens and permanent residents only.
Financial aid is available form the university in which the student is enrolled.
Financial aid is available from federal, state and institutional aid programs.
Financial aid is available from federal, state, and private sources.
Financial aid is available from federal, state, institutional and private sources.
Financial aid is available from private sources, colleges, or state and federal government agencies.
Financial aid is available from Round River's.
Financial aid is available from several sources.
Financial aid is available from the programs.
Financial aid is available from the university in which the student is enrolled.
Financial aid is available if full-time students apply with enough lead time.
Financial aid is available in addition to grant opportunities from other organizations.
Financial aid is available in all grades for all nationalities.
Financial aid is available in all sports offered.
Financial aid is available in both men's and women's programs.
Financial aid is available in four basic types of programs.
Financial aid is available in limited amounts to graduate students.
Financial aid is available in limited amounts to help students finance school expenses.
Financial aid is available in limited quantities.
Financial aid is available in many forms and from many different sources.
Financial aid is available in research and teaching assistantships.
Financial aid is available in several forms and to both first-year and transfer applicants.
Financial aid is available in several forms.
Financial aid is available in the form of a limited number of assistantships.
Financial aid is available in the form of a limited number of full and partial scholarships.
Financial aid is available in the form of camper workships.
Financial aid is available in the form of fellowships and research and teaching assistantships.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants , scholarships, loans and work study programs.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, loans and scholarships.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, loans, and work-study.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, loans, scholarships and work study programs.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, loans, scholarships and work study.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, loans, work study, and scholarships.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, scholarships, loans and student employment.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, scholarships, work opportunities, and loans.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, scholarships, work study and a variety of loans.
Financial aid is available in the form of grants, work assignments, scholarships, and fellowships.
Financial aid is available in the form of loans and some scholarships.
Financial aid is available in the form of loans, scholarships and grants.
Financial aid is available in the form of low-interest loans.
Financial aid is available in the form of research and teaching assistantships.
Financial aid is available in the form of scholarships from the department and the university.
Financial aid is available in the form of scholarships, loans and employment.
Financial aid is available in the form of student loans.
Financial aid is available in the form of teaching and research assistantships and fellowships.
Financial aid is available in the form of teaching and research assistantships.
Financial aid is available in the form of tuition scholarships.
Financial aid is available in the forms of grants, employment, and loans.
Financial aid is available in the forms of grants, loans, and scholarships from most law schools.
Financial aid is available in the forms of scholarships, grants, loans and workstudy employment.
Financial aid is available just as it is for courses taken at the Boston campus.
Financial aid is available on a competitive basis for full-time students.
Financial aid is available on a confidential basis.
Financial aid is available on a limited basis for study abroad opportunities.
Financial aid is available on a limited basis.
Financial aid is available on a one-year renewable basis.
Financial aid is available only for one session per girl.
Financial aid is available only for Regents-approved degree programs.
Financial aid is available only for registered full-time graduate students.
Financial aid is available only for spring and fall semesters.
Financial aid is available only from the school charging tuition.
Financial aid is available only to full-time students in the Ph.D. program.
Financial aid is available only to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Financial aid is available primarily from federal loan programs .
Financial aid is available regardless of income or having chosen a school.
Financial aid is available specifically for TCU summer programs.
Financial aid is available through a wide range of state and federal programs.
Financial aid is available through a wide variety of scholarship programs.
Financial aid is available through college, state, and federal sources.
Financial aid is available through each school's respective office.
Financial aid is available through federal grants.
Financial aid is available through gift assistance, employment and low-interest loans.
Financial aid is available through grants and federal loan programs.
Financial aid is available through grants, scholarships, and assistantships.
Financial aid is available through grants, scholarships, work-study and loans.
Financial aid is available through loans and employment.
Financial aid is available through several government-sponsored and private student loan programs.
Financial aid is available through several programs to qualified applicants.
Financial aid is available through the university.
Financial aid is available to a limited number of qualified, full-time status students.
Financial aid is available to a limited number of students on a competitive basis.
Financial aid is available to a wide range of students in different forms.
Financial aid is available to all eligible persons.
Financial aid is available to all families.
Financial aid is available to all full-time students.
Financial aid is available to all graduate students in the form of assistantships.
Financial aid is available to all qualified students.
Financial aid is available to all students , including non-traditional ones.
Financial aid is available to all students in the program.
Financial aid is available to all students who qualify.
Financial aid is available to all who qualify.
Financial aid is available to anyone needing assistance.
Financial aid is available to applicants.
Financial aid is available to assist qualified students.
Financial aid is available to assist students in their computer purchases.
Financial aid is available to both adult and traditional students.
Financial aid is available to both fall and spring transfer students.
Financial aid is available to cover the cost of insurance premiums.
Financial aid is available to cover tuition costs for the fifth year.
Financial aid is available to degree seeking students only.
Financial aid is available to degree-seeking students.
Financial aid is available to eligible applicants.
Financial aid is available to eligible domestic students enrolled in a minimum of six credit hours.
Financial aid is available to eligible students who submit the required documents.
Financial aid is available to eligible students.
Financial aid is available to entering students.
Financial aid is available to foreign citizens.
Financial aid is available to foreign students who are applying as freshmen.
Financial aid is available to graduate students in the form of teaching and research assistantships.
Financial aid is available to graduate students through a wide variety of sources and programs.
Financial aid is available to highly qualified students.
Financial aid is available to international students.
Financial aid is available to make study abroad affordable for all majors.
Financial aid is available to many students.
Financial aid is available to qualified applicants.
Financial aid is available to qualified individuals.
Financial aid is available to qualified recipients in the form of grants, loans, and scholarships.
Financial aid is available to qualified stude nts.
Financial aid is available to qualified students taking at least six graduate credits.
Financial aid is available to qualified students taking six credits.
Financial aid is available to qualified students, as well as a variety of support services.
Financial aid is available to qualified students.
Financial aid is available to qualifying applicants.
Financial aid is available to qualifying students.
Financial aid is available to srtudnets who qualify.
Financial aid is available to students admitted to the program.
Financial aid is available to students at all grade levels.
Financial aid is available to students from several other sources.
Financial aid is available to students in many income levels.
Financial aid is available to students in the form of scholarships, loans, grants, and work study.
Financial aid is available to students to help pay the cost of attending college.
Financial aid is available to students who meet financial aid qualifications.
Financial aid is available to students who meet the requirements.
Financial aid is available to students who qualify.
Financial aid is available to students who wish to compete for several types of fellowships.
Financial aid is available to students.
Financial aid is available to the same degree as for a semester in residence.
Financial aid is available to transfer students on a funds available basis.
Financial aid is available to transfer students.
Financial aid is available to visitors only through their home campus.
Financial aid is available to women who qualify to fulfill study requirements.
Financial aid is available too.
Financial aid is available when appropriate.
Financial aid is available, and job placement is given after graduation.
Financial aid is available, and the program is open to students of all ages.
Financial aid is available, and there are three payment options available.
Financial aid is available, but is very limited.
Financial aid is available, but very limited.
Financial aid is available, check our financial aid section for more information.
Financial aid is available, dependent on individual circumstances.
Financial aid is available, if needed, including grants and loans.
Financial aid is available, if qualified.
Financial aid is available, including several low-cost national student loan alternatives.
Financial aid is available, often tailor-made for each individual circumstance.
Financial aid is available, using the standard financial aid guidelines.
Financial aid is available, usually in the form of a graduate assistantship.
Financial aid is available.
Financial aid is awarded according to a process designed to treat everyone as fairly as possible.
Financial aid is awarded and checks are mailed on a weekly basis throughout the school year.
Financial aid is awarded and paid by the semester.
Financial aid is awarded annually based on the aid application deadline and available funds.
Financial aid is awarded annually for one academic year.
Financial aid is awarded annually.
Financial aid is awarded as a combination of grants, loans, work-study , and scholarships .
Financial aid is awarded as a grant.
Financial aid is awarded as funding permits.
Financial aid is awarded at the same time as the acceptance.
Financial aid is awarded based on many different eligibility qualifications.
Financial aid is awarded each academic year.
Financial aid is awarded for one academic year at a time.
Financial aid is awarded for one academic year only.
Financial aid is awarded for one year at a time.
Financial aid is awarded in special cases, according to eligibility.
Financial aid is awarded in the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and work-study.
Financial aid is awarded on a competitive basis by the individual academic departments.
Financial aid is awarded on a competitive basis.
Financial aid is awarded on a funds available basis.
Financial aid is awarded on a rolling basis dependent on the availability of funds.
Financial aid is awarded on a rolling basis to incoming students.
Financial aid is awarded on a yearly basis.
Financial aid is awarded on an annual basis and is based on the funds available.
Financial aid is awarded on an annual basis and no aid award is renewed automatically.
Financial aid is awarded on an annual basis and requires reapplication each year.
Financial aid is awarded on an annual basis, and a student applies for it each year.
Financial aid is awarded on an annual basis.
Financial aid is awarded on the basis of merit.
Financial aid is awarded only after acceptance.
Financial aid is awarded only to regularly admitted graduate students.
Financial aid is awarded only to students working toward a degree.
Financial aid is awarded to be used for education related expenses.
Financial aid is awarded to eligible students to fund direct educational and living costs.
Financial aid is awarded to full-time students enrolled in the Doctor of Nursing Science program.
Financial aid is awarded to qualified students based on their parents income.
Financial aid is awarded to qualified students.
Financial aid is awarded to students until funds are depleted.
Financial aid is based in large part on available parental and student assets.
Financial aid is based on eligibility.
Financial aid is based on information the student provides.
Financial aid is based on the number of credit hours a student is enrolled in.
Financial aid is but one of the links.
Financial aid is calculated from the formula.
Financial aid is calculated on the basis of courses indicated by applicant on the registration form.
Financial aid is calculated on the number of credits the student intends to take.
Financial aid is complex because of the importance of the end results.
Financial aid is considered a supplement to a family s monetary contribution.
Financial aid is considered on a case by case basis.
Financial aid is contingent upon unconditional admission.
Financial aid is credited directly into individual student accounts throughout the term.
Financial aid is credited directly to students accounts.
Financial aid is credited directly to the student's comprehensive fee account.
Financial aid is credited for priority registered students during the first week of the term.
Financial aid is credited to a student's account in equal amounts for each semester.
Financial aid is credited to each student's account to pay tuition and fee charges.
Financial aid is crucial for attracting top students to the university.
Financial aid is defined as scholarships, grants and student loans.
Financial aid is dependent upon the generous gifts of others.
Financial aid is designed to assist families for paying for the cost of attending college.
Financial aid is designed to be a supplement to existing available financial resources.
Financial aid is determined based upon the family's ability to contribute.
Financial aid is determined by the cost of the program, minus the family contribution.
Financial aid is determined through the necessary admissions and application processes.
Financial aid is different for graduate students than it is for undergraduate students.
Financial aid is disbursed at the beginning of each academic semester.
Financial aid is disbursed at the beginning of each semester.
Financial aid is disbursed based on the number of enrolled hours at the time of disbursement.
Financial aid is disbursed on a semester basis.
Financial aid is disbursed on a similar schedule.
Financial aid is disbursed once in the fall and once in the spring semester.
Financial aid is disbursed to student's account.
Financial aid is dispersed on a semester basis.
Financial aid is distributed each year through federal, state, and local sources.
Financial aid is distributed in installments, one at the start of each semester.
Financial aid is distributed quarterly.
Financial aid is distributed solely on the basis of merit.
Financial aid is distributed through the college in which a student is pursuing a degree.
Financial aid is divided into gift aid and self-help aid.
Financial aid is divided into the categories of grants, work, loans, and scholarships.
Financial aid is extremely limited for NCFD students.
Financial aid is extremely limited.
Financial aid is fantastic.
Financial aid is far more available for study abroad than students commonly imagine.
Financial aid is for students to pay off educational expenses such as tuition fees and books.
Financial aid is frequently available.
Financial aid is generally a combination of grants, loans, and student employment.
Financial aid is generally only available for the fall and spring semester.
Financial aid is gifts.
Financial aid is given for up to two years.
Financial aid is given in the form of grants, scholarships, loans, and on-campus employment.
Financial aid is given on a first-come, first served basis.
Financial aid is given only to help defray some part or all of the tuition cost.
Financial aid is granted for a two week period only.
Financial aid is granted on a competitive basis.
Financial aid is granted only after students have been fully admitted.
Financial aid is handled differently in the summer, however.
Financial aid is handled separately from admission to the department.
Financial aid is honored on all of the campuses.
Financial aid is important for most undergraduate and graduate students.
Financial aid is important.
Financial aid is in some far off land.
Financial aid is in the form of a salary plus tuition waiver.
Financial aid is in the form of fellowships, teaching assistantships and research assistantships.
Financial aid is in the form of scholarships, loans, grants, and work awards.
Financial aid is intended as a supplement to the students' own resources.
Financial aid is intended only to assist students with their educational costs.
Financial aid is intended to be a supplement to the student s contribution.
Financial aid is intended to supplement family resources.
Financial aid is intended to supplement the family s resources.
Financial aid is likely for well-qualified students.
Financial aid is limited and demand is usually greater than available funds.
Financial aid is limited and difficult to find.
Financial aid is limited and the demand is usually greater than available funds.
Financial aid is limited for masters candidates.
Financial aid is limited to grants, loans, and work-study.
Financial aid is limited to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Financial aid is limited to university programs such as work study.
Financial aid is limited.
Financial aid is made available to help students meet the expenses of a college education.
Financial aid is maintained.
Financial aid is meant to reduce the gap between the two.
Financial aid is met through a combination of scholarships, grants, work, and loans.
Financial aid is monetary assistance and other resources available to students.
Financial aid is monetary assistance to help the student meet the expenses of attending college.
Financial aid is money available to assist students with costs of attending college.
Financial aid is money available to assist students with the costs of attending college.
Financial aid is money available to help students and their parents pay for educational expenses.
Financial aid is money awarded to a student to help pay educational costs.
Financial aid is money for college students.
Financial aid is money from federal, state, and private institutions used to pay college costs .
Financial aid is money made available by the federal government, state government and institution.
Financial aid is money provided to help a family pay for college.
Financial aid is money provided to students to help meet college costs.
Financial aid is money provided to students to help pay for higher education costs.
Financial aid is money that has been made available to help students pay for college.
Financial aid is money that is available to assist students with the cost of attending college.
Financial aid is money to help meet school costs.
Financial aid is money to help pay for college.
Financial aid is money to help students and families pay for college expenses.
Financial aid is more limited for part-time students.
Financial aid is more readily available at the secondary level in the independent school community.
Financial aid is more readily available than at a public university.
Financial aid is more than grants.
Financial aid is more than just attaining loans.
Financial aid is normally a combination of grants, loans, and employment.
Financial aid is nothing but loan programs.
Financial aid is now at an all-time high and exceeding increases in both tuition and inflation.
Financial aid is now available to make the opportunity of a Jewish camp experience a reality.
Financial aid is now taxable.
Financial aid is offered as an additional resource to assist the family.
Financial aid is offered for students.
Financial aid is offered in the form of a teaching assistantship.
Financial aid is offered in the form of loans, scholarships, grants, and employment.
Financial aid is offered in the form of scholarships, grants and loans.
Financial aid is offered only to matriculated students in degree or certificate programs.
Financial aid is offered through several different U.S. government programs.
Financial aid is offered to students and borrowers in several forms .
Financial aid is offered to students.
Financial aid is offered to supplement the family's maximum financial support to the student.
Financial aid is offered to the student only to supplement the funds the student can provide.
Financial aid is offered.
Financial aid is often a necessary ingredient for students who wish to attend college.
Financial aid is often available for eligible students.
Financial aid is often available through a variety of sources.
Financial aid is often on a first come-first serve basis so apply as soon as possible.
Financial aid is one of the fastest growing areas on campus.
Financial aid is only available for semester long study.
Financial aid is only available to adult students.
Financial aid is only available to students who enroll in a public community college or university.
Financial aid is only occasionally available at mid-year.
Financial aid is our only business.
Financial aid is out there.
Financial aid is packaged for the academic year.
Financial aid is paid to students based on enrollment status.
Financial aid is processed on a first-come, first serve basis.
Financial aid is processed on a twelve-month basis.
Financial aid is processed on the fifth night of each semester and as it arrives thereafter.
Financial aid is provided for learners, external funding and donations permitting.
Financial aid is provided for tuition only.
Financial aid is provided in the form of loans and or grants.
Financial aid is provided to only a few new foreign citizens each year.
Financial aid is provided to students through teaching and research assistanships.
Financial aid is provided.
Financial aid is readily available for anyone who can succeed in college.
Financial aid is readily available to qualified students.
Financial aid is readily available.
Financial aid is recalculated each year using current information.
Financial aid is regarded as a supplement to the student's and parent's resources.
Financial aid is related to academic progress.
Financial aid is renewable each semester for the normal length of a degree program.
Financial aid is renewable for all four undergraduate years, assuming eligibility continues.
Financial aid is renewable on an annual basis.
Financial aid is requested and awarded early.
Financial aid is researched.
Financial aid is reviewed annually to include changes in financial status.
Financial aid is reviewed on a program to program basis.
Financial aid is severely limited for students from abroad.
Financial aid is simply a term that describes any resource used to help pay educational costs.
Financial aid is sometimes available for international students.
Financial aid is still available for new students.
Financial aid is strictly confidential and in no way affects the admissions decision.
Financial aid is subject to change depending upon federal and state appropriations.
Financial aid is targeted to assist the neediest families.
Financial aid is the key to affording a college education for many students.
Financial aid is the monetary assistance provided to students to pursue their academic goals.
Financial aid is the same for distance learning as for on campus.
Financial aid is the subject and is a problem is the predicate.
Financial aid is the way many people are able to cover the cost of a higher education.
Financial aid is the way the gap between a college's cost and a family's resources is bridged.
Financial aid is to be used only for education-related costs.
Financial aid is used for expenses incurred while attending school.
Financial aid is used for such things as emergency travel, burial assistance, food and shelter.
