Greyhounds are calm, gentle dogs and make great companions for people of all ages.
Greyhounds are clean, gentle dogs that thrive on love and affection.
Greyhounds are docile, gentle, low-key creatures.
Greyhounds are dogs.
Greyhounds are dogs.
Greyhounds are easy live with but they do have special needs.
Greyhounds are elegant, intelligent, affectionate pets that are good with cats and children.
Greyhounds are experts at learning to open unsecured cabinet doors.
Greyhounds are extremely companionable and social.
Greyhounds are extremely dog-social and can easily fit into homes where another breed of dog lives.
Greyhounds are extremely intelligent.
Greyhounds are extremely prone to a life-threatening digestive syndrome called bloat.
Greyhounds are extremely sensitive and intelligent and respond quickly to voice command.
Greyhounds are extremely sensitive and intelligent animals and respond quickly to training.
Greyhounds are far to gentle to make good watchdogs.
Greyhounds are friendly by nature and socialize well.
Greyhounds are fun.
Greyhounds are generally very good mothers.
Greyhounds are gentle and quiet.
Greyhounds are gentle, sensitive, loyal, and brave animals.
Greyhounds are grateful for their new homes and reward their owners with never-ending affection.
Greyhounds are great at entertaining themselves, but they love human.
Greyhounds are highly intelligent and very appreciative of their new homes.
Greyhounds are hounds.
Greyhounds are house pets.
Greyhounds are inadvisable.
Greyhounds are indoor dogs.
Greyhounds are inspirational for their gentle nature, yet incredible gift of speed.
Greyhounds are intelligent and quick learners.
Greyhounds are intelligent dogs that learn quickly.
Greyhounds are kennel trained.
Greyhounds are kennel-broken.
Greyhounds are mild, gentle, and quiet by nature.
Greyhounds are much larger than infants, and even some youngsters up to the age of five.
Greyhounds are natural athletes, and they love to race around in circles within a fenced yard.
Greyhounds are naturally a thin dog.
Greyhounds are no different.
Greyhounds are no exception.
Greyhounds are outstanding pets.
Greyhounds are particularly sensitive to the chemical in flea collars.
Greyhounds are patient, loving animals.
Greyhounds are polite, sweet, affectionate dogs that do well with people and other animals.
Greyhounds are pretty low on the cerebral scale, too.
Greyhounds are puppies at heart and swift runners.
Greyhounds are quiet and calm.
Greyhounds are racers.
Greyhounds are sensitive creatures who want to please.
Greyhounds are shy and sensitive, but they are also inquisitive and love people.
Greyhounds are sight hounds and can see clearly for a half mile.
Greyhounds are sight hounds which means they hunt by sight.
Greyhounds are sighthounds and by natural instinct like to run and chase things that move quickly.
Greyhounds are sighthounds.
Greyhounds are sound as a hound.
Greyhounds are special dogs.
Greyhounds are sweet, affectionate, and loyal pets, noble from their beginning and deserve a chance.
Greyhounds are sweet-dispositioned and make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds are the fastest breed of dog.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs on earth.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs, and have primarily been bred for coursing game and racing .
Greyhounds are the most ancient dog breed.
Greyhounds are the oldest breed of dog.
Greyhounds are the only canine mentioned in Holy Scripture.
Greyhounds are the world's oldest purebred dogs and are noted for their loyalty and intelligence.
Greyhounds are true athletes.
Greyhounds are typically a healthy and long-lived breed, and hereditary illness is rare.
Greyhounds are used to traveling and adapt quickly to riding in cars.
Greyhounds are usually between two and five years old when they retire.
Greyhounds are usually patient and calm dogs.
Greyhounds are usually very healthy with a life expectancy the same as that of other breeds.
Greyhounds are very aware of pack order whether it is within the family or among other dogs.
Greyhounds are very calm and affectionate animals.
Greyhounds are very clean.
Greyhounds are very content to lay on their beds and sleep most of the day.
Greyhounds are very gentle, loving dogs.
Greyhounds are very humble animals.
Greyhounds are very sensitive to insecticides.
Greyhounds are very smart and eager to please.
Greyhounds are very smart, but also powerful and fast.
Greyhounds are very social animals.
Greyhounds are very sweet, gentle, affectionate, quiet, intelligent dogs.
Greyhounds are wonderful pets.
Greyhounds become part of the family very quickly.
Greyhounds blend youth, experience.
Greyhounds can be very cat-friendly.
Greyhounds can be willful.
Greyhounds can become VERY competitive when running together, and things can get out of hand.
Greyhounds can make wonderful companions for most anyone.
Greyhounds can make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds chase a dummy hare around the track, and punters place bets on likely-looking dogs.
Greyhounds claim descent from the desert dogs of the pharaohs and Arab sheiks.
Greyhounds come house trained and lead trained, desexed, and immunised.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colors with brindle and fawn being the most common.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colors.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colourings with brindle and fawn being the most common.
Greyhounds come in a wide array of colors, with various shades of brindle being most common.
Greyhounds come in almost any color imaginable with short velvet smooth coats.
Greyhounds come in many different colours.
Greyhounds come in solids, from white to black, and in patches and in brindle coloring.
Greyhounds cope well as three-legged dogs.
Greyhounds do make wonderful pets.
Greyhounds easily adapt to the life-style of their new owners.
Greyhounds enjoy the assurance that they have their own bed to snuggle up on.
Greyhounds enjoy walking or jogging, and are very well behaved on a leash.
Greyhounds form strong bonds with their owners and make wonderful family pets.
Greyhounds get gas when they are nervous or stressed.
Greyhounds hang out when their humans are on vacation.
Greyhounds have a definite prey instinct.
Greyhounds have a sensitivity to certain types of anesthesia and internal flea medications.
Greyhounds have a very fine, soft coat.
Greyhounds have all the advantages of breeding and training when it comes to being a good pet.
Greyhounds have better eyesight than any other breed of dog.
Greyhounds have different personality types just as people do.
Greyhounds have gentle dispositions and make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds have half the body fat of other dogs and hence are more sensitive to the cold.
Greyhounds have lean bodies and long legs.
Greyhounds have little body fat and a thin coat.
Greyhounds have little padding and they have skin that tears easily.
Greyhounds have thin skin that can tear easily.
Greyhounds have very short fur, which is easy to maintain.
Greyhounds have virtually no body fat, are very clean, and require very little grooming.
Greyhounds live in climate-controlled kennels, usually on or near the tracks where they race.
Greyhounds live most happily as pets in quiet environments.
Greyhounds love a regular routine.
Greyhounds love children and other pets.
Greyhounds love to be groomed and cared for.
Greyhounds love to be petted more than most dogs, particularly on their necks, rear ends and snouts.
Greyhounds love to run, and are competitive by instinct.
Greyhounds make excellent apartment pets.
Greyhounds make excellent jogging companions once they are trained to go at the new pace.
Greyhounds make great pets, are very chill, and are friendly as all get out.
Greyhounds make great therapists.
Greyhounds make terrific pets.
Greyhounds make wonderful companion animals and are loving and responsive to human contact.
Greyhounds make wonderful indoor pets.
Greyhounds make wonderful pets.
Greyhounds placed through the program are usually between two and five years old.
Greyhounds possess one of the best temperaments of all dog breeds.
Greyhounds prefer to walk on a slack lead and, for dogs of their size, are unusually easy to handle.
Greyhounds prefer to walk on a slack lead, and for dogs of their size, are unusually easy to handle.
Greyhounds race six days a week throughout the year and admission is free.
Greyhounds range in color from red and black to white and fawn.
Greyhounds really enjoy being groomed.
Greyhounds remain unbeaten.
Greyhounds require about as much exercise as any other large dog.
Greyhounds require no more exercise than other large dogs.
Greyhounds require special attention with anesthesia, flea treatments, and medications.
Greyhounds run on the west coast.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives in the company of other dogs, their trainers, and handlers.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives in the company of other dogs.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives with other greyhounds and usually adapt well to other dogs.
Greyhounds spend their racing lives in the company of other dogs.
Greyhounds take the Beach.
Greyhounds tend to be couch potatoes after their sprint around the yard.
Greyhounds tend to walk away if play becomes too much, rather than snap.
Greyhounds then go to their new, loving homes.
Greyhounds wear muzzles when they race to protect one another from snapping.
All greyhounds are fast runners.
Many greyhounds are actually afraid of cats.
Many Greyhounds are stubborn.
Many Greyhounds collect and hoard everything from slippers to keys to the remote control.
Many greyhounds get along fine with cats, small animals and children.
Many greyhounds get along well with cats and other small animals.
Many greyhounds never live past fifth birthdays.
Most greyhounds adapt quickly and happily to home life.
Most greyhounds are fine with cats.
Most greyhounds are good with small pets.
Most greyhounds are kennel trained.
Most Greyhounds are seasoned travellers and really enjoy rides in the car.
Most greyhounds are very tolerant of small children.
Most greyhounds can be house-broken in a very short period of time.
Most Greyhounds can learn to live with cats as well.
Most greyhounds enjoy a daily walk and an occasional romp in a fenced in area.
Most Greyhounds love the company of other dogs, and many live happily with cats as well.
Some Greyhounds adapt well to homes with very small animals.
Some greyhounds are afraid of cats.
Some greyhounds are cat friendly while others seem more anxious with cats.
Some greyhounds are excellent swimmers.
Some greyhounds are pack rats, collecting items to take outside or store in their beds.
Some greyhounds are territorial about their beds.
Some greyhounds can outrun every rabbit.
Greyish mites feed upon the fowl's blood and then leave the birds.
Greyscale images are available, as are colorized images .
Any grid cell can be color coded for quick viewing.
Grid paper can be useful for recording the findings of such investigations.
A grid is a facility
GRID allows graduate students the opportunity to present their research and compete for cash prizes.
Grid isa facility.
Grids also discount cattle that weigh over or under a set carcass weight range.
Grids also encourage better analyses.
Grids are a natural for scanned or remotely sensed data.
Grids are a particularly effective way of supporting ornamental grasses.
Grids are all daily averages, daily ascending averages, and daily descending averages.
Grids are appropriate even when powerful digital computers are available.
Grids are available in a variety of sizes to fit various sized containers.
Grids are available in both square hole and also, circular hole style mesh.
Grids are bands.
Grids are cooking utensils.
Grids are daily averages, daily ascending averages, daily descending averages.
Grids are electrodes.
Grids are equally important for the designer.
Grids are facilities.
Grids are forms.
Grids are fundamental data structures for representing geometric structures or their subdivisions.
Grids are geographic data models representing information as an array of equally sized square cells.
Grids are good only at very localized topology, and weak otherwise.
Grids are hasheds.
Grids are highly suited for spatial modeling and raster editing.
Grids are lines on some maps that form squares like a chess board.
Grids are located in electrical systems.
Grids are located in graph paper.
Grids are located in templates.
Grids are meant to be flexible.
Grids are mouse responsive to click and drag operations to save dispatchers time and effort.
Grids are often useful for presenting and summarising numeric data like a spreadsheet.
Grids are part of infrastructures.
Grids are part of tubes.
Grids are poor at representing points, lines and areas, but good at surfaces.
Grids are the cornerstone of all database applications.
Grids are two degrees wide and one degree from top to bottom.
Grids are uniformly spaced horizontal and perpendicular lines.
Grids are used for graph paper.
Grids are used for graphs.
Grids are used for plots.
Grids can be so wasteful.
Grids can be visible or invisible.
Grids can tilt.
Grids define a discrete representation of a mapping or mappings.
Grids define regular shapes.
Grids encourage managers to view each product as a bundle of features or attributes.
Grids generally have other specifications for carcass weight and dark cutters as well.
Grids have (part) power cables.
Grids have (part) power lines.
Grids have (part) power plants.
Grids have (part) power stations.
Grids have (part) readsides.
Grids have (part) sections.
Grids have no particular hierarchy of importance.
Grids look like solid walls.
Grids look like walls.
Grids make sure that the transitions of several ranges work without interruption.
Grids mount on any surface with double-faced tape or screws.
Grids provide extreme ease of use for modeling attributes of entities.
Grids provide structure and consistency to pages and information.
Grids represent spatially interpolated data.
Grids serve as an interpolated and smoothed representation of randomly scattered point data.
Grids suffer from the mixed pixel problem.
Grids support rectangular and radial grids providing support for irregular buildings.
Grids tie the elements of a design together and provide a framework for the page layout.
Grids use a hierarchical tile-block structure.
Grids use technology.
All grids are rectangular.
All grids have one degree point spacing and use a simple cylindrical projection.
All grids have the same numbers of rows and columns of spots.
All grids support hierarchical local-grid refinement.
Most grids look like solid walls.
Most grids look like walls.
Most grids use a weighted-average price from the week prior to delivery of the cattle.
Most grids use technology.
Some grids also offer premiums and discounts for hide quality.
Some grids are rich enough to contain entire sentences or poems.
Some grids have stations.
Some grids never reach completion.
Some grids perform various functions.
Gridded film is the only georegistration.
A griddle is a cooking utensil
Griddle is ready when a few drops of water bubble and skitter rapidly around.
Griddle is right when water sprinkled on it jumps around.
Griddles are cooking utensils.
Griddles are kitchen tools.
Some griddles have a nonstick coating.
Some grided cities have deviations from the regular pattern.
Grided functions are now internal.
A gridlock is press
Gridlock encourages incoherent spending initiatives.
Gridlock is better than one party control.
Gridlock is common in urban areas.
Gridlock is dead.
Gridlock is gridlock folks.
Gridlock is in our best interest.
Gridlock is on many people's minds.
Gridlock means more time on the road and less time with our families.
Gridlock starts to be a factor.
Gridlock stops all of the city's traffic.
Gridlocks are great for stocks.
Gridlocks are locks.
Gridlocks are traffic jam.
More gridlock is in the cards.
Gridpoint position is shown in the diagram below.
Grief counseling can often help.
Grief counseling facilitates the process of resolution in the natural reactions to loss.
Grief counseling is an important component of the program.
Grief counseling is another area of specialization.
Grief counseling is available through community resources, churches and licensed therapists.
Grief counseling is considered to be a 'specialty area' within the counseling profession.
Grief counseling is our specialty.
Grief absorbs immense energy.
Grief Can Be . . .
Grief colors the world in somber colors.
Grief following suicide is often more intense and prolonged than other experiences of grief.
Grief invites questions.
Grief is located in war.
Grief is sorrow
Grief is sorrow.
Grief looks like a simple word, but it's a terribly difficult process.
Grief plays funny tricks on the mind.
Grief plays tricks on people and can screw up their heads.
Grief rips away at the heart and can turn a life teeming with meaning into an empty wasteland.
Grief takes as long as it takes.
Grief takes energy.
Grief takes time and there is no quick way to diminish the impact of death.
Grief takes time, energy and patience to move through.
Grief takes time.
Grief tends to happen at a very personal rate for each person that experiences it.
Grief throws a couple into an emotional tailspin.
Grief touches all ages.
Grief touches everyone s life.
All grief is the result of trauma.
All grief is unique because each life is unique.
All grief needs to be felt and realized.
Every grief is different.
Some griefs are medicinable.
Grievance procedures are available for all employes and students alleging discriminatory treatment.
Grievance procedures are to deal with matters raised by an individual employee.
Grievance procedures are well on the way to being streamlined.
Grievance procedures exist for all non-represented employees.
Grievance procedures have strict time limits.
A grievance is bitterness
Grievance means a written expression of dissatisfaction.
Grievances also undergo a two-step review at the managed care plan.
Grievances are allegations.
Grievances are an informal approach to resolving conflicts.
Grievances are complaints.
Grievances are critical to enforcing the contract.
Grievances are inevitable.
Grievances are internal complaints received directly by health insurance plans.
Grievances are nil.
Grievances are one way to assess member satisfaction with service and service providers.
Grievances are specifically about contract violations, but sometimes are more broadly defined.
Grievances are three-step processes that end in binding arbitration at both unions.
Grievances Ask to review a sampling of grievances filed by minors.
Grievances continue to be filed when what originally seems an amicable divorce turned sour.
Grievances exist everywhere.
Grievances go back a long way.
Grievances regarding fees also are on the rise.
Grievances typically arise from dismissal, denial of tenure or promotion, and salary actions.
Grievances often remain suppressed until the opportunity presents itself for release.
All grievances are to be discussed in private with the office manager or physicians.
Most grievances are different from unexpected houseguests.
Most grievances are for non-payment.
Most grievances are the result of misunderstandings and bad communications.
Most grievances arise from miscommunications between the parties.
Some grievances involve the conduct of judges.
A griever is a person
Grievers are basically tribes that have broken ties with the highly structured Greater Tribes.
Grievers avoid others because they are afraid and then isolate.
Grievers feel the identical shock and denial, anger and guilt, sorrow and depression.
Grievers feel the same shock and denial, anger and guilt, sorrow and depression.
Grievers learn to be resourceful, adaptive and visionary.
Every griever is unique.
Every griever responds at their own pace.
Any grieving family can call The Caring Circle to set up a visit with a social worker.
Grieving marriages outnumber joyful marriages.
Grieving mothers share loss and gather strength in a support group.
Many grieving parents say that friends become strangers and strangers become friends.
Grieving students embrace.
Grieving teenagers are more likely to share their feelings and problems with their peers.
Grievous pain inspirits a broken soul, heed etches movement as memory grows cold.
Grievous words are words that cut, words that inflict wounds.
Grievous words stir up anger.
Griffin cattle tend to be yellow.
A griffin is a mythical creature
Griffin isa monster.
Griffins are a symbol of the sun, wisdom, vengeance, strength, and salvation.
Griffins are animals.
Griffins have a terrific sense of smell.
Griffins have BIG talons.
Griffon ears needs regular attention.
Griffon puppies are active, mischievious, and determined.
Griffon puppies are very curious, intelligent and hard working.
A griffon vulture is a vulture
Griffon vultures soar above the peaks, while Egyptian vultures haunt the gorges.
A griffon is a gun dog
Griffons are a spirited and rugged sporting dog.
Griffons are a sporting dog, and have been developed to withstand routine daily hunting.
Griffons are affectionate and joyous family pets.
Griffons are dogs.
Griffons do, as a rule, get along well with other dogs of all breeds.
Griffons have a classic appearance, with their eyebrows and beard lending to their unkempt visage.
Griffons have a very long, thin, weak and sparsley coated tail.
Griffons learn quickly and are eager to please.
Griffons live in the house, and are included in family activities.
Griffons train best with positive methods, they work exceptionally well for praise.
Most Griffons are a pleasure to train, and make effective personal hunting companions.
Grigston soils are on flood plains and low stream terraces.
Grilimid material provides more durability in extreme weather conditions.
A grill is a restaurant
Grill isa structure.
Grill quesadillas on both side until brown.
Grill vegetables for a few minutes.
Grill vegetables on both sides over medium-hot coals until they are tender and slightly charred.
Grill vegetables over high heat until tender.
Grills are available at each site, and restrooms and group pavilions are also available.
Grills are available at front desk.
Grills are available for cooking at housekeeping cottages where outside cooking permitted.
Grills are available for cooking if needed.
Grills are available for cooking out.
Grills are available for families or groups to use anytime.
Grills are available for outside cooking in the courtyard.
Grills are available for outside cooking.
Grills are available for picnics.
Grills are available in most rental units.
Grills are available, and please bring food and drink to share.
Grills are available, game room, two story sundeck.
Grills are available.
Grills are clean and sturdy with functional racks and almost no rust, graffiti, or litter.
Grills are frameworks.
Grills are handy for the expert, or future expert, grill master.
Grills are located in backyards.
Grills are located in barbeques.
Grills are located in hardware stores.
Grills are located in kitchens.
Grills are located in ovens.
Grills are located in restaurants.
Grills are located in yards.
Grills are places.
Grills are stoves.
Grills are time-consuming and expensive to make individually.
Grills are used for barbecues.
Grills are used for barbecuings.
Grills are used for cooking.
Grills are used for cooks.
Grills are used for grilling food.
Grills have (part) bases.
Grills have (part) sections.
Grills Read the instructions thoroughly prior to any gas, or charcoal grill use.
Grills seem to be getting bigger each year.
Grills vary immensely in temperatures.
All grills are of the absolute highest quality construction for years and years of enjoyment.
All grills feature heavy duty, die-cast aluminum castings.
Every grill has a primary cooking surface.
Every grill needs a good annual cleaning after winter storage.
Many grills now come equipped with thermometers to gauge the heat when the lid is closed.
Most grills have two independent burners or one burner with independent halves.
Some grills even come with radiants that provide a wood flavor.
Some grills have a built-in temperature gauge.
Some grills produce radiation.
Some grills require removing the meat in order to add additional charcoal.
Some grills use charcoal or wood, and other grills use propane gas to cook the food.
A grille is an opening
Grilles are available from numerous sources, including speaker manufacturers.
Grilles are dimensional weight.
Grilles are grates.
Grilles are incorrect and garbage.
Grilles are open work structures without louvers.
Grilles are optional.
Grilles are part of cars.
Grilles are weapons.
Grilles horaires et descriptifs des cours.
Grilled asparagus is a nice accompaniment for grilled poultry or fish.
Grilled beef has a definite Caribbean kick with echoes of Cuba as well as Jamaica.
Grilled broilers make a delicious, nutritious, and low cost main dish.
Grilled entrees are our specialty.
Grilled fish is a favorite.
Grilled fish is on the menu today, and the first batch is already finished.
Grilled fish topped with a fruit salsa is sweetly divine.
Grilled food is cooked food.
Grilled food is prepared food.
Grilled foods are both healthy and delicious.
Grilled foods can be high in carcinogens due to exposure to an open flame.
Grilled foods can contain two groups of carcinogenic compounds.
Grilled foods seem to demand the picante, cleansing edge that they give.
Grilled items are a high point.
Grilled items are an excellent choice.
Grilled items are char-broiled over high heat to seal in flavor.
Grilled meat can be a godsend sometimes.
Grilled onions are great too, and easy to do.
Grilled pineapple is a terrific salsa ingredient to accompany grilled seafood.
Grilled pineapple is easy and delicious.
Grilled plantains are great with grilled pork, beef or chicken.
Grilled salmon is a delicious addition to a summer barbecue.
Grilled salmon is another fine piece of fish, served with minimal muss or fuss.
Grilled shallots are a great addition to a summer veggie kabob.
Grilled specialties offer excellent value.
Grillimid material provides more durability in extreme weather conditions.
Grillings are cooking.
Grim death is ever at man's heels.
Grim faces crack a smile.
Grim farmers smoke, search the crowd for strange faces.
Grim gunslingers ride the trails, armed only with their six-guns and their wits.
Grim kids are silly.
Grim lessons learned by similar actions years ago in Zambia seem lost on the aging strongman.
Grim men armed with pistols and cutlasses swagger about the deck.
Grim news is found here.
Grim ruins take their place.
Grim statistics are the epitaphs of a dying form of agriculture in the region.
Grim statistics show suicide to be the second leading killer of teenagers in America.
A grimoire is a manual
Grimoires are a favorite for most practitioners of magick.
Grimoires give very detailed instructions which are very difficult to carry out.
Grimy black is a good color.
Grimy colors work well to tone down and blend underlying colors.
Grimy walls lean and crack from relentless traffic rattling centuries-old foundations.
Grimy windows make the place look a bit tatty and neglected.
Grind beetles live in habitats.
Grind beetles live in terrestrial habitats.
Grind beetles use mandibles.
Grind beetles use strong mandibles.
Grind biomass has productivity.
Grind burrows are dug by mammals.
Grind burrows are dug by other mammals.
Grind dwellers live in cities.
Grind fog reduces visibility.
Grind meat diets consist of meat.
Grind sloths eat plants.
Grind sloths have claws.
Grind sloths have long claws.
Grind sloths survive for years.
Grind squirrels eat food.
Grind squirrels eat nuts.
Grind squirrels eat plants.
Grind squirrels form colonies.
Grind squirrels have contact.
Grind squirrels live for years.
Grind squirrels live in colonies.
Grind squirrels make homes.
Grind squirrels prefer areas.
Grind squirrels show responses.
Grind surface temperature ranges from degrees.
Grind surfaces look like molar surfaces.
Grind surfaces look like surfaces.
Grind surfaces radiate heat.
Grind water enters ditches.
Grind water enters infiltration ditches.
Grind water reaches surfaces.
Grind water takes places.
Grind water uses for drink water.
Grind water uses for water.
Grinds are crushs.
Grinds are degrees.
Grinds are easy.
Grinds are in approximate order of difficulty.
Grinds are mandatory for pulling off the largest point summed trick combos.
Grinds are the most common street maneuver that top skaters perform.
Grinds are when a skater slides along ledges.
Grinds have, well, a grinding sound.
Grinds solder until smooth and flush with surrounding metal, using portable grinder.
Some grind squirrels inhabit corners.
Grindal worms are a dependable year round live food as well.
Grindal worms are a dwarf white worm.
Grindal worms are a tiny relative of the common earthworm.
Grindal worms are the easier of the two to raise.
Grinder pumps take solid waste and grind it into small pieces using attached blades.
A grinder is machinery
Grinder generates lightning fast compiles.
Grinder has a history of theft and drug addiction.
Grinder is solid, faster, and more powerful now.
Grinder pump down.
Grinders are also available individually.
Grinders are direct drives from an induction type motor.
Grinders are economical and highly efficient pumps.
Grinders are machine tools.
Grinders are okay.
Grinders are outside, inside are polishers.
Grinders are quicker, noisier and easy to get carried away with.
Grinders are tooths.
Grinders can produce the most dust and have been successfully adapted with a water feed system.
Grinders can return concrete to a level, smooth surface.
Grinders work the handles that control winches to raise, lower and trim sails.
All grinders are air cooled and have a permanently lubricated motor.
All grinders come with lettuce, tomato, mayo, cheese and are heated unless otherwise specified.
All grinders operate on the same principal.
Some grinders have sausage stuffing attachments that can be used for occasional projects.
Grinding mills are often very large machines.
More grinding time is involved which is unfavorable for short runs.
Grinding are atoms.
Grinding are friction.
Grinding are material handling.
Grinding are noise.
A grindstone is a sharpener
A grindstone is a stone
Grindstone offers quick access to a great trail system for hikers and bikers.
Grindstone plans to launch a national inventory database of recycled materials on the Internet.
A gringo is a foreigner
Gringos are always welcome always.
Gringos are foreigners.
Gringos can buy and sell property.
Gringos think they are the most important people in the world.
Many gringos do.
Grinnell basketball is known across the country for doing some very unusual and unique things.
Grinnell faculty are accessible.
Grinnell professors make original contributions in traditional and new academic fields.
Grinnell students enjoy an active social life.
A grinning is a facial gesture
Grinning is more manly, smirking is more boyish.
A griot is a storyteller
Griots are the traditional storytellers, historians, and musicians of Western Africa.
Griots recall what earlier leaders have done to advise current leaders on how to handle problems.
Grip bar is adjustable in height and rotates for optimum movement radius of wrists and arms.
Grip bar is optional.
Grip package includes C-stands, flags, nets, shot bags, etc.
Grip pressure is also important.
Grip pressure is another checkpoint.
Grip pressure is more important.
Grip ring stems and grip neck stems are inserted into a socket.
Grip ring stems are one of the most common connection types for office chairs.
Grip strength is also essential.
Grip strength is measured for both hands using a dynamometer calibrated in kilograms.
Grip strength is negligible.
Grip style is a matter of personal preference as opposed to size which can be crucial.
Grip surfaces have texture.
Grip surfaces have wood grain texture.
Most grip surfaces have texture.
Grip system prevents slipping and guarantees a pressure-free, secure fit.
Grip tape is applied to the top for traction and grip while riding.
Grip width has no real bearing on hamstring development.
A grip is prehension
Grip clamps firmly with left hand.
Grip handle on the side makes it easy to hold.
Grip handles firmly with both hands, keep arms slightly bent.
Grip reduces writing fatigue.
Grip saves profiles for future database searches.
Grip works fine , and has a very nice and easy GUI to rip, encode and very nice cddb functions.
Grips are a smaller selection of items, consolidated into groups of weapon types.
Grips are also available in leather and various synthetics, and with a wide choice of patterns.
Grips are available for both men and women, and left-handed players.
Grips are available for testing beams in addition to tensile and compressive strength specimens.
Grips are available in low, standard, and high.
Grips are available in various colors.
Grips are cord.
Grips are friction.
Grips are good.
Grips are hard, lightly pebbled plastic and are extremely tough while being relative thin.
Grips are human activities.
Grips are in good condition as are clubs.
Grips are influence.
Grips are ivory.
Grips are of rock maple and banded at both ends to eliminate splitting.
Grips are part of hilts.
Grips are polished horn or rosewood with twisted wire in the spiraled grooves.
Grips are probably the most overlooked or neglected part of the club.
Grips are replaceable.
Grips are skilled workers.
Grips are software.
Grips are the other half.
Grips are very easily and inexpensively changed.
Grips come in all stripes.
Grips do lighting, rigging and some of the camera movement.
Grips do most of rigging and work alot with chain in the studios.
Grips feel types 'Feel' refers to the adhesive qualities of the grip.
Grips form a cushion that builds up the gripping surface for a more secure, comfortable hold.
Grips have a large part in preparing and planning activities needed to meet production schedules.
Grips have visible government inspector mark on flat of left side.
Grips know how to rig cameras to soar over a scene, zoom out or inch in slowly.
Grips live up to their promises.
Grips pass even with lost sheave.
Grips protect hands.
Grips really work.
Grips reduce the amount of force needed to hold an object.
All grips are fair to good condition due to prolonged storage.
All grips come in assorted colors and fit regular pencils.
All grips have a flexible rubber dowel rolled in soft leather.
All grips use velcro.
Most grips have a built-in design pattern or logo toward the lower thumb.
Some grips are hard rubber, some are soft, and some are dual density.
Some grips really are better for a junior's smaller hands.
A gripe is an objection
Gripes are limited.
Gripes are objections.
Gripes are pretty limited.
More gripes are the result of how the game handles Pirates.
Grisly details are sure to delight the seventh grade audience.
Grisly illusion creeps about in the night.
Grison isa mammal.
Grisons are polygynous.
Grisons have (part) brains.
Grisons have (part) breasts.
Grisons have (part) cell membranes.
Grisons have (part) cells.
Grisons have (part) chest cavities.
Grisons have (part) chests.
Grisons have (part) corpi.
Grisons have (part) cytoplasm.
Grisons have (part) ears.
Grisons have (part) faces.
Grisons have (part) heads.
Grisons have (part) nuclei.
Grisons have (part) pedal extremities.
Grisons have (part) piluses.
Grisons have (part) plasma membranes.
Grisons have (part) rib cages.
Grisons have (part) sections.
Grisons have (part) skulls.
Grisons have (part) sterna.
Grisons have (part) vacuoles.
Grisons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Some grisons have legs.
Some grisons occupy habitats.
Some grisons prey on mammals.
Some grisons prey on small mammals.
Grist readers talk back.
A gristmill is machinery
Gristmills grind grains into flour.
Grit chambers are below-ground chambers that are part of the storm water drainage system.
Grit removal is the next process for which all four combined flows receive treatment.
Grit removal protects plant equipment and prevents loss of capacity due to solids accumulation.
Grit size is one of the most important considerations when buying sharpening stones.
Grit acts as an internal grinder, milling foods down in the bird's stomach.
Grit helps grind up coarse vegetable matter.
Grit is cereals.
Grit is courage
Grit is food.
Grit is located in carpets.
Grit is sandstones.
Grit isa sandstone.
Grit taken up with foodstuffs probably serves as an abrasive to aid in mastication.
Grit washes down the drain and scores the sealing surface and O rings in the valve.
Grits are a coarser grind, and are used to make the favorite southern side dish.
Grits are an acquired taste.
Grits are available in coarse, medium, and fine grinds.
Grits are ground hominy.
Grits are high in iron and have no fat and no cholesterol.
Grits are instant.
Grits are more coarsley ground than cornmeal.
Grits are out.
Grits are popular here.
Grits are raw or partially cooked soybeans that have been cracked into eight or ten pieces.
Grits are serious.
Grits are small broken grains of corn.
Grits are the corn equivalent of risotto, though without the cachet.
Grits are the only disappointment.
Grits just comes.
Most grits are available and sanitizable.
Some grit contains calcium.
Gritty grease oozes from the creases.
Gritty soil has very sharp edges capable of cutting carpet yarn fibers.
Gritty soils are sandy.
Grizzle leaf monkeys weigh kgs.
A grizzle is a wig
Grizzles come in many colors and forms.
Grizzled hair is hair which has both color and white on the same shaft.
A grizzly bear is a bear
Grizzly bear stands in the Bitterroot Mountains.
Grizzly bears are a North American sub-species of brown bear which includes the Alaska kodiak bears.
Grizzly bears are a type of large brown bear found in the interior of North America.
Grizzly bears are actually brown bears.
Grizzly bears are adapted for more open country and have longer claws for digging.
Grizzly bears are an umbrella species that require large unroaded wilderness habitat.
Grizzly bears are bears.
Grizzly bears are brown bears.
Grizzly bears are closely related to the Alaska brown bears.
Grizzly bears are dangerous.
Grizzly bears are extremely difficult to count under the best of circumstances.
Grizzly bears are large and powerful.
Grizzly bears are majestic symbols of the wild.
Grizzly bears are mammals.
Grizzly bears are more dangerous than wolves.
Grizzly bears are native to Maine.
Grizzly bears are normally solitary animals.
Grizzly bears are numerous and on the increase.
Grizzly bears are often victims of human hunting.
Grizzly bears are omnivores .
Grizzly bears are omnivores, and their diet can vary widely.
Grizzly bears are omnivores.
Grizzly bears are one of the slowest reproducing land mammals.
Grizzly bears are opportunistic omnivores.
Grizzly bears are rare in Teton Park, but black bears are frequently encountered.
Grizzly bears are solitary and tend to be bad tempered.
Grizzly bears are the masters of Alaska's wilderness.
Grizzly bears are the most feared but polar bears are actually the most dangerous.
Grizzly bears are threatened by habitat loss due to logging, development, and mining.
Grizzly bears become predators.
Grizzly bears can be brown, blond, grey, reddish or sliver tipped.
Grizzly bears can smell Fear from two miles away.
Grizzly bears carry a certain reputation for being dangerous, menacing animals.
Grizzly bears consume foliage.
Grizzly bears consume red foliage.
Grizzly bears dig up most of their food so they have long claws.
Grizzly bears eat berries.
Grizzly bears eat buffalo berries.
Grizzly bears eat fish, berries, grasses, leaves and root.
Grizzly bears eat fish.
Grizzly bears eat small fish.
Grizzly bears eat some different things.
Grizzly bears eat wolves carcasses.
Grizzly bears feed on bison carcasses and elk calves, especially in the spring.
Grizzly bears go into hibernation.
Grizzly bears have a better sense of smell than a hound dog and can detect food from miles away.
Grizzly bears have a distinctive shoulder hump.
Grizzly bears have a multitude of strengths.
Grizzly bears have a very keen sense of smell.
Grizzly bears have an imposing physical presence.
Grizzly bears have heavy stout bodies with strong muscular legs.
Grizzly bears have long claws.
Grizzly bears have one of the lowest reproductive rates of all terrestrial mammals in North America.
Grizzly bears have senses.
Grizzly bears have smaller, more rounded ears.
Grizzly bears have the lowest reproductive rate of any land mammal on the North American continent.
Grizzly bears have their cubs inside of their dens during hibernation.
Grizzly bears have their own way of control body temperature.
Grizzly bears inhabit Alaska, western Canada, and parts of the northwestern United States.
Grizzly bears inhabit the greater Yellowstone ecosystem.
Grizzly bears inhabit the park.
Grizzly bears know no boundaries.
Grizzly bears learn foraging techniques from their mother.
Grizzly bears live mainly on the open tundra.
Grizzly bears play an important role in forest ecosystems as seed dispersers and nutrient providers.
Grizzly bears prefer different habitats.
Grizzly bears prefer habitats.
Grizzly bears prey heavily on calves in the spring in the first month of the lives of calves.
Grizzly bears range over the entire park.
Grizzly bears range the open tundra and Dall sheep thrive in the foothills.
Grizzly bears require a large area for movement and food searches.
Grizzly bears require areas where they can forage and breed without encountering people.
Grizzly bears reside predominantly in the Western United States.
Grizzly bears spend the spring and summer months looking for food.
Grizzly bears tend to avoid areas that contain more than one mile of road in one square mile.
Grizzly bears use burned areas very well.
Grizzly bears use dense forests for cover and open areas for gathering berries.
Most grizzly bears become predators.
Most grizzly bears consume red foliage.
Most grizzly bears eat berries.
Most grizzly bears eat buffalo berries.
Most grizzly bears eat fish.
Most grizzly bears eat small fish.
Most grizzly bears go into hibernation.
Most grizzly bears have senses.
Most grizzly bears prefer different habitats.
Most grizzly bears prefer habitats.
Most grizzly bears spend their time alone except when breeding or raising cubs.
Some grizzly bears eat leaves.
Grizzly Creek brings pure snowmelt and spring water into the turbid Feather River.
All grizzly designs feature adjustable, tapered grizzly bars.
Grizzly females are very protective of their young.
Grizzly marabou comes from chickens.
Grizzly presence is possible but infrequent.
Grizzly scat is very black and full of grass and small animal bones and teeth.
Grizzly skulls are quite variable.
A grizzly is a bear
Grizzlies are a species of brown bear.
Grizzlies are a threatened species.
Grizzlies are always good relative to others and so are red game.
Grizzlies are an important and integral part of the larger Yellowstone ecosystem.
Grizzlies are as well-designed for digging as black bears are for climbing trees.
Grizzlies are bears.
Grizzlies are brown bears.
Grizzlies are common in the hills and mountains.
Grizzlies are large brown bears.
Grizzlies are large, strong and fast, ruling over the food chain by and large.
Grizzlies are magnificent animals but dangerous.
Grizzlies are often dark brown, but can vary from very light cream to black.
Grizzlies are often much larger than black bears, and have a hump on the back.
Grizzlies are omnivorous, meaning they eat both meat and plants.
Grizzlies are omnivorous.
Grizzlies are opportunistic feeders.
Grizzlies are solitary animals except when mating or rearing cubs.
Grizzlies are the meanest and toughest type of bears.
Grizzlies are three-gaited and walk, lope, and gallop.
Grizzlies belong to a species of bears called the big brown bear.
Grizzlies can also be brown, black, or any shade in between.
Grizzlies can be black, blond, or any color in between.
Grizzlies can be cinnamon, brown, blonde and black.
Grizzlies can live without salmon-all the surviving populations in the inland Rocky Mountains do.
Grizzlies can move boulders weighing hundreds of pounds.
Grizzlies depend on their nose but have good vision and hearing, too.
Grizzlies do pose a risk to people.
Grizzlies fatten up in summer and remain in a torpor or deep sleep most of the winter.
Grizzlies fatten up in summer and remain In a torpor or deep sleep most of the winter.
Grizzlies feed on green vegetation, wild fruits, insects, carrion, and small mammals.
Grizzlies generally inhabit the more open tundra in alpine areas.
Grizzlies go out an around to enter the woods at a designated area.
Grizzlies has a minimum order of four items.
Grizzlies have a greater capacity to range than black bears.
Grizzlies have a hump above their front shoulders, making it the highest point in their body.
Grizzlies have a large rounded head with a concave facial profile.
Grizzlies hibernate in dens during the winter.
Grizzlies live mainly in Alaska and western Canada.
Grizzlies make off with young or sick caribou.
Grizzlies occur in low densities and have long lives, wide ranges, and low reproduction rates.
Grizzlies rely primarily on their size and aggressiveness to intimidate most other animals.
Grizzlies roam the vast roadless b ackcountry and wolves den in remote valleys.
Grizzlies shoot . . .
Grizzlies show similar variation.
Grizzlies start with the the ball.
Grizzlies supplement their diet with moose, elk, mountain goats and sheep.
Grizzlies tend to live in the edges of forests but feed mostly in mountain meadows.
Grizzlies vary widely in body shape, colour and in the shape of their heads.
Grizzly has hip dysplasia but is easily kept comfortable with coated aspirin.
Grizzly is a handwritten display style typeface.
Grizzly is just a big, gentle, loving teddy bear.
Grizzly is more of an omnivore and scavanger.
Grizzly seems to have gone downhill in just a few short hours.
Grizzlies often bury a carcass to save it for later feeding.
Grizzlies often dig beneath the roots of a large tree to create their dens.
Grizzlies sometimes catch a full-grown elk.
Grizzlies usually den on south facing slopes near treeline.
All grizzlies just love ground squirrels, above all the big groundhogs or marmots.
A groan is an utterance
Groan isa auditory communication.
Groans are utterances.
Groans go out from the staff.
Groans go up from our stomachs.
Groans greet the announcement.
Groans have (part) speech sound.
Groans seem to be the universal first reaction to the announcement of yet another meeting.
Every groan is a groan of recognition.
A groat is coin
Groats make an excellent pilaf.
Grobal peace means that there is no war.
GroBotos tools provide easy, real-time access to the three dimensional world.
A grocer is a merchant
Grocer isa merchant.
Grocer online features only top quality products.
Grocer online is a family business.
Grocers adapt to cities.
Grocers are located in grocery stores.
Grocers are located in stores.
Grocers are merchants.
Grocers are used for fresh vegetables.
Grocers are used for supplies.
Grocers are workers.
Grocers have (part) arms.
Grocers have (part) body substances.
Grocers have (part) cell membranes.
Grocers have (part) cells.
Grocers have (part) corpi.
Grocers have (part) cytoplasm.
Grocers have (part) heads.
Grocers have (part) human bodies.
Grocers have (part) legs.
Grocers have (part) material bodies.
Grocers have (part) necks.
Grocers have (part) nuclei.
Grocers have (part) personality.
Grocers have (part) plasma membranes.
Grocers have (part) sections.
Grocers have (part) vacuoles.
Grocers hire children to man their cubby-holes through the night.
Grocers introduce it as a customer service item and shoppers are really appreciative.
Grocers keep the products fresh and clean.
Grocers reserve rights.
Grocers see little evidence of hoarding.
Grocers stock online shelves.
Many grocers advertise specials in other locations of the store.
Many grocers confide that their single biggest worry is the consolidation of suppliers.
Most grocers adapt to cities.
Some grocers also stock licorice root.
Some grocers love turkeys.
Some grocers offer experience.
Some grocers sell long strips of steak meat labeled as 'sandwich steaks'.
A grocery bag is a paper bag
Grocery bags are packed and clothes are sorted for one last time before our guests arrive.
Grocery bags are sacks.
Grocery bags work well.
All grocery bags contain at least one baguette.
All grocery bags contain at least one French stick.
All grocery bags contain at least one stick of French bread.
All grocery bags contain one loaf of French bread and a stalk of celery.
Grocery cart handle are notorious for being hard on diamond rings.
Grocery carts have a mind of their own.
Most grocery carts have a package or two of ground beef stacked next to the chips and paper towels.
All grocery chains have a specialty food supplier.
Some grocery chains carry a wider selection than others do.
Grocery delivery frees up time for a quiet bath, or a little time in the garden, or a nice long nap.
Grocery delivery is a growing undeveloped market.
All grocery delivery believe loose until recent, for details carries many.
A grocery list is a shopping list
Grocery lists are documents.
Grocery lists are lists.
Grocery lists are necessary for a smooth shopping experience.
Grocery lists are shopping lists.
Grocery lists are the basis for the business, so they appear first.
Grocery lists can also help to balance a budget.
Many grocery retailers provide products under their store names as a value priced alternative.
Grocery shops  shops.
Grocery shops  smoke.
Grocery shops are motivated by the goal of groceries.
Grocery shopping are shopping.
Grocery shopping becomes an adventure in couponing and comparative shopping.
Grocery shopping can be a confusing experience.
Grocery shopping can be fun.
Grocery shopping can be very tempting.
Grocery shopping is a dream in the larger cities and some of the small hill towns.
Grocery shopping is a fast-growing sector of online commerce.
Grocery shopping is a time-consuming, expensive, and sometimes arduous task.
Grocery shopping is generational.
Grocery shopping is limited to Wednesdays only.
Grocery shopping is one of the most intricate forms of online commerce due to a number of variables.
Grocery shopping is the perfect example.
Grocery shopping is within easy distance.
Grocery shopping is within walking distance.
Grocery shopping provides a good example.
Grocery shopping takes a huge bite out of anybody s schedule.
Grocery shopping takes longer, because everyone meets their neighbor at the supermarket.
A grocery store is a marketplace
Grocery store helps sanctuary animals.
Grocery store is right around the corner.
Grocery stores are all within a convenient distance.
Grocery stores are almost empty during week-days.
Grocery stores are also a targeted industry because of the large population of employees.
Grocery stores are an excellent source of cardboard.
Grocery stores are another pitfall for excessive spending habits.
Grocery stores are available in all locations.
Grocery stores are empty of milk and other necessities.
Grocery stores are far and away the most needed type of retail in Lake Lure.
Grocery stores are just as cool.
Grocery stores are large, and infestation of products is likely.
Grocery stores are located in cities.
Grocery stores are located in neighborhoods.
Grocery stores are located in shopping centers.
Grocery stores are located in streets.
Grocery stores are located in strip malls.
Grocery stores are located in towns.
Grocery stores are marketplaces.
Grocery stores are open all day and into the evening.
Grocery stores are popular distribution points.
Grocery stores are retail stores.
Grocery stores are stores.
Grocery stores are the way to go.
Grocery stores are used for conveniences.
Grocery stores are used for gossiping.
Grocery stores are used for shopping.
Grocery stores are usually happy to save the clippings from the produce department.
Grocery stores are usually the most expensive source of purchasing food.
Grocery stores are within easy walking distance of the dormitories.
Grocery stores can promote a variety of healthful foods for customers.
Grocery stores can sell items much more cheaply than smaller eateries can.
Grocery stores carry basic primary colors.
Grocery stores commit to posted prices.
Grocery stores contain an amazing amount of interesting and relevant biology.
Grocery stores go up.
Grocery stores have about a one week supply of food in their stores.
Grocery stores have better profit margins and fewer constraints.
Grocery stores have cash registers.
Grocery stores have discount racks that have good quality cheap produce.
Grocery stores have no business in politics.
Grocery stores have separate sections for different kinds of items.
Grocery stores have the most to lose since all U.S. households utilize the channel.
Grocery stores have to be accessible.
Grocery stores help banks by providing high customer traffic.
Grocery stores leave rotting fruits and vegetables in with the fresh items.
Grocery stores leave samples of meats and cheeses on the counter for customers to taste.
Grocery stores like to help with free dog food.
Grocery stores make people do weird things.
Grocery stores offer an array of containers with clear plastic lids.
Grocery stores post sensors at exits and use surveillance cameras and store guards.
Grocery stores provide a particularly compelling example of the proliferation of state regulation.
Grocery stores sell food.
Grocery stores sell mate thermoses and mate gourds.
Grocery stores sell rice in serious, feed-sack size.
Grocery stores tend to place more expensive brands at eye level.
Grocery stores use scents to trigger purchases.
Every grocery store sells pet food, and people go there anyway.
Many grocery stores accept plastic grocery bags for recycling.
Many grocery stores carry an assortment of frozen products.
Many grocery stores deliver now, too.
Many grocery stores do accept plastic bags for recycling.
Many grocery stores have a wide selection of alcoholic beverages.
Many grocery stores have Internet or phone delivery services.
Many grocery stores have meals that are already prepared.
Many grocery stores have plastic bag recycling programs.
Many grocery stores have receptacles for recycling plastic grocery bags.
Many grocery stores have special club cards for consumers to use for discounts.
Many grocery stores offer cash back to customers who reuse bags.
Many grocery stores offer picture cakes.
Many grocery stores participate in the recycling of used plastic grocery bags.
Many grocery stores place the products that make the most profit at eye level.
Many grocery stores put items on sale the same week that the coupon comes out in the newspaper.
Many grocery stores sell pharmacy items and other miscellaneous items in addition to food.
Many grocery stores take back their plastic grocery bags.
Many grocery stores use an error-correcting code on canned foods.
Most grocery stores can use brown kraft paper bags to sack groceries.
Most grocery stores carry blue bags.
Most grocery stores carry fresh peas year round.
Most grocery stores carry goats milk, and it is available in condensed form to keep in the cupboard.
Most grocery stores carry it.
Most grocery stores carry more than just food.
Most grocery stores have a deli section offering sandwiches, salads, fruits, and cheese.
Most grocery stores have collection bins for grocery bags.
Most grocery stores have pharmacies available.
Most grocery stores have the common types of wood like hickory and mesquite.
Most grocery stores have the meats labeled as to how much fat is in the meat.
Most grocery stores love food stamps.
Most grocery stores offer white and yellow onions.
Most grocery stores sell parsnips that have been coated in wax, like rutabagas often are.
Most grocery stores stock a variety of bottled water as well.
Some grocery stores are  small community stores with a limited range of items.
Some grocery stores carry soaps, detergents, milk, foods and other items in refillable containers.
Some grocery stores deliver at no cost, or minimal cost within their geographic area.
Some grocery stores deliver groceries to an older person's home for a small fee.
Some grocery stores do buy some local produce, but it depends on the location and the store manager.
Some grocery stores provide subsidies and delivery services for older adults.
Some grocery stores sell paraffin as a sealant for home canning.
A grocery is a marketplace
Groceries account for well over half of total sales.
Groceries are a good example.
Groceries are a middle level expense.
Groceries are a necessity for everyone.
Groceries are about a mile up main street.
Groceries are already a notoriously low-margin business, so survival itself is at stake.
Groceries are considerably more expensive here, though.
Groceries are exempt.
Groceries are heavier.
Groceries are located in cabinets.
Groceries are located in markets.
Groceries are located in pantries.
Groceries are located in shelfs.
Groceries are located in stores.
Groceries are located in supermarkets.
Groceries are located in trunks.
Groceries are readily available and within walking distance.
Groceries are readily available at local supermarkets.
Groceries are reasonable in price.
Groceries are shopped.
Groceries are the best example of that.
Groceries are the main source of sales.
Groceries can get costly.
Groceries go up.
Groceries have (part) bases.
Groceries have (part) sections.
Groceries have (part) shelves.
Groceries here are ungodly expensive.
Groceries produce,dairy, frozen foods, snacks, etc.
Grocery bargains gifts for college students.
Grocery go up.
Grocery is a welcome addition to Brooklyn dining.
Grocery isa mart.
Most groceries arrive by ferry and are delivered to local stores.
Most groff commands are on a line by themselves, although a few can be embedded anywhere on a line.
A grog is rum
Grog isa liquor.
Grogs are the scut workers.
Grogs hide behind an improvised barricade.
A grogginess is unconsciousness
Grogginess can be a sign of hypothermia.
Some grogginess is present which persists for about a week.
A groin is an area
Groins are areas.
Groins are body parts.
Groins are edges.
Groins are part of bodies.
Groins are part of loins.
Groins are solid objects.
Groins are structures built perpendicular to the shore and extending out into the water.
Groins are structures that extend out to sea.
Groins have mixed effects on seabeach amaranth.
Groins have often the unhappy effect of building up sand on one side but cutting away on the other.
Groins initially interrupt the longshore transport of littoral drift.
A grommet is a fixing
Grommets are also available for placement in the eaves.
Grommets are available for the peaks and eaves if requested at the time of purchase.
Grommets are too small for bungee to release safety pin easily.
Grommets can pull away from the cloth in which they are placed.
Grommets get a cheap thrill beside the rocks at the northern end.
Grommets loosen with age.
Grommets usually extrude themselves.
All grommets are brass for corrosion resistance.
Groom Lake has the priority and that's it.
Groom Lake is a dry lakebed most of the year, and as such, affords an excellent natural airport.
Groom Lake is an actual dry lake in Nevada.
Groom Lake is at center left just below the flash of light.
Groom Lake is at left center.
Groom breaks the glass.
Groom collects tuxedos.
Groom continues the series to the mature nauplius larva.
Groom gives shark indigestion.
Groom goes first.
Groom is dead set against trying to pick out a gun or a rod and reel for another person.
Groom isa participant.
Groom leaps out to get paperwork at the show office, and inspects the assigned stall.
Groom presents a gift to the bride's brother.
Groom says management is angling to get new products.
Groom takes the bride to the altar and both sit down.
Grooms also dress in white.
Grooms are motivated by the goal of acceptance.
Grooms are newlyweds.
Grooms are participants.
Grooms are typically responsible for grooming three to four horses.
Grooms can go one step further and wear a different type of neckwear from the guys.
Grooms care for horses.
Grooms end with eyebrows.
Grooms generally wear black and a black hat with tassels.
Grooms have (part) arms.
Grooms have (part) body substances.
Grooms have (part) cell membranes.
Grooms have (part) cells.
Grooms have (part) corpi.
Grooms have (part) cytoplasm.
Grooms have (part) heads.
Grooms have (part) human bodies.
Grooms have (part) legs.
Grooms have (part) material bodies.
Grooms have (part) necks.
Grooms have (part) nuclei.
Grooms have (part) personality.
Grooms have (part) plasma membranes.
Grooms have (part) sections.
Grooms have (part) vacuoles.
Grooms lead the horses to the paddock before the race.
Grooms seem to be getting more interested in the planning of the wedding.
Grooms start with brushs.
Grooms start with wash.
Grooms take heed.
Grooms to eat meals.
Grooms treat brides.
Grooms work at stables and are responsible for feeding, grooming, and exercising horses.
Grooms often choose to wear a tuxedo on their wedding day.
Many grooms choose to customize their cakes with their own personal accomplishments and interests.
Many grooms do exactly that.
Most grooms often rent a tuxedo and make sure they make it to the ceremony on time.
Most grooms choose classic white, although black is a high fashion color for avant garde weddings.
Most grooms leave their speech writing too late.
Some grooms are bleed to death.
Some grooms die in accidents.
Some grooms face charge.
Some grooms give owners.
Some grooms help packs.
Some grooms lead to depletion.
Some grooms like to add a little rubbing alcohol to their grooming water.
Some grooms pay for all the flowers.
Some grooms rely on a grooming vacuum to curry the coat.
Some grooms remove nymph.
Many groomed trails are ready for use after the first heavy snowfall.
A grooming is an activity
Grooming allows a time for owner and pet to bond.
Grooming also comforts the young, soothes tensions, and reinforces the social hierarchy.
Grooming also has important social implications for humans and other species.
Grooming also helps the skin to produce natural oils, and function properly.
Grooming also provides quality time for bonding with the puppy.
Grooming also regulates body temperature.
Grooming also reinforces social bonds.
Grooming also removes wrack, depriving many organisms of their natural food source.
Grooming are progressings.
Grooming are used for chimpanzees.
Grooming are used for dogs.
Grooming are used for good health.
Grooming are used for personal hygiene.
Grooming Be clean.
Grooming begins here.
Grooming can be a time to build a bond of mutual trust.
Grooming can be an enjoyable and satisfying venture.
Grooming can be immense fun for the kids.
Grooming can be once or twice a week.
Grooming can serve as an excellent means of gentling young horses.
Grooming can start right away with a new puppy.
Grooming cause beauty.
Grooming cause cleanliness.
Grooming cause gets.
Grooming cause injuries.
Grooming cause mistakes.
Grooming cause positives.
Grooming cause satisfaction.
Grooming cause static.
Grooming cause tardinesses.
Grooming cleans the skin so that it can work to maximum effect.
Grooming clippers for horses, cattle, sheep, dogs, cats, and goats.
Grooming consists of regular, thorough brushing.
Grooming consists of toe-nail cutting and wiping with a chamois or hound glove.
Grooming has a personal stamp and conveys the style of a person.
Grooming has many different functions.
Grooming hear is generally limited to plucking out stray stamens and pesky petaloids.
Grooming helps a horse and owner bond.
Grooming helps chimps feel comfortable and friendly .
Grooming helps chimps feel comfortable and friendly.
Grooming helps condition the skin and prevent skin and ear problems by cleaning potential irritants.
Grooming helps distribute the toxic dusts among members of the colony.
Grooming helps keep the hair free from dirt and parasites and also reinforces social bonds.
Grooming includes frequent brushing, with minimal trimming.
Grooming involves animals resting together while picking bits of skin from each other's fur.
Grooming involves licking, nibbling, combing and scratching.
Grooming involves regular brushing, bathing, nail clipping, and ear cleaning.
Grooming is a behavior that is natural to monkeys.
Grooming is a big part of their day.
Grooming is a breeze.
Grooming is a central part of relationship formation and maintenance.
Grooming is a common language of respect and comfort among horses.
Grooming is a common practice, focused at the earlobes and the neck.
Grooming is a daily chore that can be therapeutic.
Grooming is a daily task if they're stabled, and a necessity before and after riding.
Grooming is a demonstration of love and caring.
Grooming is a major part of providing animal care.
Grooming is a necessity for some pets, but of course, owners can take that to the extreme as well.
Grooming is a nice ending to a hectic day.
Grooming is a pretty simple concept which involves a method of performing a cut and fill operation.
Grooming is a process.
Grooming is a regular feature of rose culture.
Grooming is a sign of affection.
Grooming is a social activity.
Grooming is a very important part of exhibiting roses.
Grooming is a very intimate way for baboons to express their acceptance of each other.
Grooming is a very pleasurable activity for primates, including humans.
Grooming is a very stressful occupation .
Grooming is a word they use when they're molesting.
Grooming is above average.
Grooming is also an important form of social bonding between pairs.
Grooming is also important.
Grooming is always preferred to outsourcing, especially at the senior levels.
Grooming is an easy task because of the short hair.
Grooming is an essential part of the perfect lap-dance.
Grooming is an important activity that serves to strengthen social bonds among members of the group.
Grooming is an important daily activity.
Grooming is an important part of horse care.
Grooming is an important part of socializing, as well as keeping individuals parasite free.
Grooming is an important part of their daily activity.
Grooming is an integral part of riding, just as warming up and cooling down.
Grooming is an issue which concerns many people.
Grooming is available to vacationing and non-vacationing pets by appointment only.
Grooming is average along with exercise.
Grooming is by appointment.
Grooming is considered minimal, compared to other breeds.
Grooming is critical when it comes to the health and maintenance of young kittens.
Grooming is definitely part of responsible ownership and general care.
Grooming is done by the local snowmobile clubs.
Grooming is done each night to assure the best possible skiing the following day.
Grooming is done nightly, to provide a nice surface for skiing and snowboarding.
Grooming is done to reinforce dominance and submission within the gorilla troop.
Grooming is done using either a snowcat vehicle or snowmobile.
Grooming is essential to keep the long, thick coat in peak, clean condition.
Grooming is essential.
Grooming is for health as well as aesthetic reasons.
Grooming is important in a monkey's life.
Grooming is important to horses and humans.
Grooming is important to monkeys.
Grooming is maintained on a regular basis.
Grooming is minimal for Siamese cats.
Grooming is minimal to maintain the smooth shorthaired coats of Bloodhounds.
Grooming is minimal, except daily brushing.
Grooming is minimal, with only an occasional brushing.
Grooming is minimal-consisting of presenting a clean and neat appearance.
Grooming is more than beauty care.
Grooming is no chore either, for they are very clean dogs.
Grooming is often the first line of defense against all sorts of problems.
Grooming is one of the most important social interactions among family members.
Grooming is practiced by all members.
Grooming is rare, though the males of some species form coalitions to improve competitive success.
Grooming is relatively simple for dogs.
Grooming is required.
Grooming is simple.
Grooming is tactile communication.
Grooming is the only exception.
Grooming is the tie that binds the individuals in social groups of primates.
Grooming is vital in establishing and reinforcing bonds.
Grooming occurs regardless of climate or season.
Grooming plays an essential role in family bonding.
Grooming plays an important role in female social organization.
Grooming reduces the amount of loose hair that can be swallowed.
Grooming reduces the amount of time it takes to train brawlers and sledgers in the combat pit.
Grooming removes snow from the high points and deposits it in the low areas.
Grooming represents only a fraction of the cost of pet ownership.
Grooming required is high.
Grooming required is minimal.
Grooming requires a serious time commitment.
Grooming seems to be a way to make up after fighting or to make friends with other troop members.
Grooming serves social as well as physical needs of the pride.
Grooming shows contentedness.
Grooming starts when the squirrel is about one month old.
Grooming stimulates the hair follicles to secrete oil, which helps keep the coat in good condition.
Grooming sweeps dirt from the coat.
Grooming Take an in-depth look at how the snow is kept in great shape all season long.
Grooming takes place at all times.
Grooming often occurs between females and males, or among females.
Grooming usually happens at least every three days.
Most grooming is done at night.
Most grooming is done by volunteers.
A groomsman is an attendant
Groomsmans are attendants.
Groomsmen attend pre-wedding parties.
Groomsmen attend the rehearsal and the rehearsal dinner.
Groomsmen dance with the bridesmaids at the reception.
Groomsmen follow the groom's style, and for the most formal weddings, wear identical tailcoat suits.
Groomsmen normally wear the same style of tuxedo as the groom.
Groomsmen provide their own clothing, either purchased or rented.
Groomsmen wearing light colors also give the illusion of cool to an outdoor wedding.
Groomsmen usually help the best man plan the bachelor party for the groom.
A groove is an imprint
Groove builds a mysterious object.
Groove cleanly separates the notion of personal identity and device identity.
Groove compresses the XML content to minimize local storage requirements and to conserve bandwidth.
Groove creates intimacy amongst the players.
Groove decides to leave the herd.
Groove expands that concept to the entire world and adds many useful and valuable features.
Groove fully supports standard data formats, protocols, APIs, and development languages.
Groove generates the keys dynamically.
Groove has a musical's true, skimpy plot.
Groove has a sense of humor about itself.
Groove has an uphill battle on other fronts.
Groove has the ability to pre-populate shared spaces with data specific to the task at hand.
Groove intentionally repeats every turn of the record.
Groove is a border that looks like it has been carved into the background.
Groove is a ground-up collaboration platform.
Groove is a smart idea because it lets people collaborate on stuff from anywhere.
Groove is a utility for online, real-time and asynchronous collaboration.
Groove is about control.
Groove is about making connections between people.
Groove is an application that all users install on their machines.
Groove is an encrypting, memory resident, file infecting virus.
Groove is an excellent tool for campaign maintenance and game play.
Groove is basically a rhythmic pattern played in a consistent manner over time.
Groove is both a technology and a product.
Groove is easy to setup and use.
Groove is essentially a software platform that companies and individuals can build upon.
Groove is in the Heart by dee-lite good to boogie along to, better than love shack anyway.
Groove is in the heart. . .
Groove is in the heart.
Groove is largely plotless and uninformative.
Groove is paramount.
Groove is taught from the ground up.
Groove is very easy to get small groups started.
Groove isa shape.
Groove lacks real substance or anything interesting to say.
Groove makes it easy for individuals from different organizations to collaborate.
Groove makes it possible to light up the edge.
Groove makes software that lets small groups of people collaborate at one time.
Groove offers businesses a secure platform that augments other web-based business systems.
Groove opens a two-pane chat window below the tool area.
Groove probably fits in here, too.
Groove provides four basic types of protection.
Groove provides IT managers with services so that they can continue to guard against virus threats.
Groove provides several tools for locating and interacting with contacts.
Groove provides several toolsets during installation.
Groove pulls together a lot of common Internet tools for use in the corporate culture.
Groove requires an Internet connection to transmit data and obtain necessary software components.
Groove seems to have done a lot of work on the version control issue.
Groove serves as a kind of rave primer for newbies.
Groove sniffs out something even smellier than cheese - some old socks.
Groove turns each user into a broadcaster as well as a receiver.
Grooves add spin and control to the ball's flight.
Grooves allow toner to escape leaving cleaner rollers and cleaner product.
Grooves appear in the cell membrane.
Grooves are body parts.
Grooves are deep and well pronounced.
Grooves are depressions.
Grooves are extremely deep and rounded.
Grooves are hard to break out of.
Grooves are tool marks, produced by dragged objects.
Grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields .
Grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields.
Grooves are well pronounced.
Grooves assure continuous flow even if hose kinks.
Grooves begin to form and a mouth develops at the point from which they radiate.
Grooves can become ruts.
Grooves can inhibit lateral movement of the pin as it's being pulled, that can increase pull forces.
Grooves divide shades into periods, allowing the viewer to follow the progress of time.
Grooves ease cork penetration and improve grip.
Grooves generally affect but a very small extent the transverse diameter of the bone.
Grooves is a new rock CD and accompanying mini-magazine.
Grooves keep pens and pencils from rolling off.
Grooves look good, too.
Grooves mark every centimetre along opposite edge.
Grooves prohibit free vibration of the strings.
Grooves radiating from the cupmarks are also present in several of the markings.
Grooves run across it, inexplicably.
Grooves run along the underside of humpbacks from their chins to their navels.
Grooves run downwards from the heads.
Grooves run up and down at the joint of the lower section to prevent water working in.
Grooves taper toward shoulder for better contact patch at lean angles.
Some grooves become wrinkles.
Some grooves have capacity.
Grooved center provides straight-line control and excellent cornering hold.
Grooved connections allow for easy installation.
Grooved connections require a grooved adapter and coupling for connection to the mainline.
Grooved discs are best for removing organic debris.
Grooved discs are best for removing organic material.
Grooved glass is featured throughout the entire glass door.
Grooved hardwood allows the glue to spread throughout the joint.
Grooved plates provide excellent traction.
Grooved tires make cornering on pavement about as easy as Rollerblading on ice.
Grooved wood handle with brass crossguard, pommel, and partial blade spine.
Grooved wood handle with brass guard and pommel.
A groover is a device
Groovers are a special hardware option used only with fabric vertical blinds.
Groovers are long plastic sleeves that the fabric slides into.
Groovings are formations.
Groovy fascism follows, baby.
A grosbeak is a finch
Grosbeaks are somewhat tame and readily visit bird feeders during the spring and summer.
Gross alpha is the measurement of the total amount of radiation given off by water.
Gross amount is the total amount of the voucher including freight.
Gross amounts are in millions.
Gross anachronisms stamp the story as wholly unhistorical.
Gross anatomists refer to the hypodermis as the superficial fascia .
A gross anatomy is an anatomy
Gross anatomy is taught by the same faculty who teach our medical students.
Gross anatomy stresses the functional tissues of roots, stems and leaves.
Gross assembly is attained by guiding structures or self assembly mechanism.
Gross bookings are full retail value of published fares and non-published fares sold.
Gross clipping is sufficient for all other primitives.
Gross clipping removes all strings that start outside the viewport.
Gross coverage covers the loan principal and interest, resulting in higher premiums.
Gross debt follows a similar track.
Gross deficiency suppresses ovulation or prevents implantation of the fertilized egg in the uterus.
Gross deformities are now commonplace in the area and cancers are rampant.
Gross density is the total acreage of a development divided by the number of dwelling units.
Gross differences are self-evident.
Gross dishonesty includes behaviors such as using tests.
Gross elephantiasis is very uncommon.
Gross error includes the misspelling of names, wrong dates, identities and addresses.
Gross errors are also possible.
Some gross errors do find their way into textbooks.
A gross estate is an estate
Gross estate means the total property of the decedent as defined under federal estate tax law.
Gross examination reveals a diffusely swollen and soft brain.
Gross exploitation continues in too many workplaces.
Gross gallons are optional.
Gross generalization is the sign of immaturity.
Gross growth includes mortality.
Gross hematuria can also be an indicator of a problem with the body's blood clotting system.
Gross hematuria can appear in several ways.
Gross hematuria is a visible presence of blood in the urine.
Gross hematuria is often the first visible sign of the cancer.
Gross hematuria is the most common presenting form.
Gross hematuria is usually due to a source in the bladder, ureters, or kidney.
Gross hematuria means that there is enough blood in the urine to be seen with the naked eye.
Gross hemoptysis is when the majority of what is coughed up is blood.
Gross imports refer to the flow of imported goods released by the customs.
Gross impressions total duplicated vehicle or message exposures achieved by a plan.
Gross income can include that produced for household use.
Gross income declines due to the market and yield losses.
Gross income derived from acting as a subcontractor is exempt from the tax.
Gross income equals gross receipts reduced by cost of goods sold.
Gross income exceed the deductions from the activity in a least three out of five consecutive years.
Gross income includes income realized in any form, whether in money, property, or services.
Gross income includes money received from anywhere except public assistance.
Gross income includes such things as royalties, dividends, rents and sale proceeds.
Gross income includes veterans' and social security benefits.
Gross income is almost everything of value received by a taxpayer during the taxable year.
Gross income is assumed to be reinvested.
Gross income is computed to a yearly figure and compared to the maximum income for household size.
Gross income is defined as income before deduction of expenditures.
Gross income is defined as total non-excluded income before allowable deductions have been made.
Gross income is discussed later.
Gross income is discussed next.
Gross income is explained later.
Gross income is gross receipts minus the cost of goods sold.
Gross income is income before any deductions for taxes or other purposes is made.
Gross income is one of the factors lenders weigh when they review loan requests.
Gross income is salary before taxes are taken out.
Gross income is the amount earned before deductions.
Gross income is the same for estates and trusts as it is for individual taxpayers.
Gross income is the total monthly income from all sources before any deductions.
Gross income means a household's total, nonexcluded income, before any deductions have been made.
Gross income means a household's total, non-excluded income, before any deductions have been made.
Gross income means all income from whatever source derived, unless excluded by law .
Gross income means all income from whatever source derived, unless excluded by law.
Gross income refers to the income before deductions.
Gross incomes are monetary values.
All gross income is subject to Athens City income tax.
Gross inequality can weaken the pace of economic growth for many reasons.
Gross interest is interest incurred before subtracting interest income and capitalized interest.
Gross interest is interest without the tax taken off.
Gross investment has to be financed, of course.
Gross investment includes all machines and equipments produced.
Gross investment includes depreciation.
Gross investment is a. the total purchase of bonds in a given period.
Gross investment is broken down into structures and equipment.
Gross irrigation is the total amount of water applied by the irrigation system.
Gross levels correspond to viewing Reality as it is projected into low dimensional spaces.
Gross line differs from the net line by the amount of reinsurance placed.
A gross margin is a ratio
Gross margin equals total per-order revenue less cost of product less shipping costs.
Gross margin is a measure of basic profitability and costs of a company's core business.
Gross margin is a measure of the basic profitability and costs of a company's core business.
Gross margin is an easy metric to calculate.
Gross margin is calculated by dividing gross profit dollars by sales dollars.
Gross margin is calculated by subtracting direct costs form gross income.
Gross margin is how much a company keeps from revenue before paying overhead.
Gross margin is the difference between net sales and the cost of goods sold on the income statement.
Gross margin is the difference between the farm's sales and the variable operating expenses.
Gross margin takes into account the direct costs of producing and distributing a product for sale.
Gross margins are a convenient starting point when budgeting crop enterprises.
Gross margins are also up two percentage points.
Gross margins are also vitally important.
Gross margins are currently available from a variety of sources for a range of crops in Queensland.
Gross margins are higher for hair care products than for services.
Gross margins are the excess of revenues above the cost of goods sold.
Gross margins are tremendous at both companies.
Gross margins are up, thanks to strong demand for pro products.
Gross margins can also differ considerably from farm to farm.
Gross margins can vary widely from one year to the next.
Gross margins compare pricing power to the manufacturing cost of doing business.
Gross margins equal net revenues minus costs of sales.
Gross margins represent what it costs the company for every dollar of revenue.
Gross margins show resilience to sluggish sales.
Gross margins vary from company to company and from industry to industry.
Gross misdemeanors can earn the same fine with jail time of up to a year.
Gross misinformation is harmful in the long run.
Gross motor is fairly good.
Gross negligence is a term often used in civil litigation today.
Gross negligence is, to all intents and purposes, no care at all.
Gross negligence means more than carelessness.
Gross output measures the total value of production including inventory accumulation.
Gross pathology is demonstrated and neuroradiologic correlation is attempted when available.
Gross pathology is unremarkable.
Gross pay is made up of the net amount paid to each employee plus all withheld amounts.
Gross pay is the employee's pay before any deductions are made.
Gross pay is the total amount earned during the time period before any deductions are made.
Gross payroll is usually easier to determine.
Gross photo demonstrates shift to the cingulate sulcus under the falx .
Many gross polluters fail for all major emission gases.
Gross power is the total amount of power generated by the plant.
Gross production is adjusted for the value of reproductive young stock.
Gross production is milk production plus milk sucked by young animals.
Gross productivity is the rate at which energy is assimilated by organisms.
Gross profit is calculated by subtracting cost of goods sold from net sales.
Gross profit is dependent on a number of factors including pricing, sales volume and product mix.
Gross profit is equal to revenues minus costs of goods sold or costs of services provided.
Gross profit is measured two ways and is also commonly referred to as gross margin.
Gross profit is net incomes.
Gross profit is net revenue less cost of sales.
Gross profit is profits
Gross profit is revenues less cost of revenues.
Gross profit is sales less cost of goods sold.
Gross profit is the difference between revenues and costs.
Gross profit is the sum of all profit centers' gross margins added together.
Gross profit is what is taken in before fixed overhead is taken into account.
Gross profit represents revenue less variable project costs and associated direct labor.
Gross profit tells management the amount of sales revenue that are left to cover operation expenses.
Gross profits are the primary source of funds the company has to pay expenses.
Gross receipts are all receipts recorded in the treasurer's books.
Gross receipts are down.
Gross receipts are large and rental income is larger than interest income.
Gross receipts are non-member income.
Gross receipts multiplied by the sales tax rate yields the sales tax to be paid.
All gross receipts are taxable unless they are shown to be tax exempt.
Gross refunds are taxable income.
Gross rent is calculated on a sample basis.
Gross revenue excludes miscellaneous revenue.
Gross revenue is an income
Gross revenue is based on yield, quality, and price when harvested.
Gross revenue is measured before the casinos' cost of operations, including salaries and taxes.
Gross revenues are the dependent variable.
Gross salary depends on age, marital status and number of children.
Gross sale is defined as money collected from sales of product minus returns.
Gross sales are incomes.
Gross sales are the total dollar amount of all goods and services sold during the accounting period.
Gross sales go down.
Gross sales is defined as the total amount of sales less any sales tax paid.
Gross sales is shown first, less sales returns and allowances and sales discounts.
Gross sales represent total sales minus the cost of sales.
Gross specimens require fixation and preservation prior to mailing.
Gross subjects are really funny, in moderation.
Gross tonnage is a dimensionless index calculated with a mathematical formula.
Gross tonnage is a measure of the internal capacity of a ship, tug or barge.
Gross toys are in style.
Gross tumor is left behind.
Gross value added is at basic prices.
Gross value added is derived as the difference between gross output and intermediate consumption.
Gross value added is the difference between output and intermediate consumption.
Gross value added measures include the aggregate marketing bill and per unit price spreads.
Gross violations are part of a broader ongoing suppression of other fundamental freedoms.
Gross weight is actually a measure of volume of the ship fully loaded.
Gross weight is easy to measure without unloading the truck.
Gross weight is with External load.
Gross weight means the weight of a vehicle without load plus the weight of any load thereon.
Gross weights are less useful on more modern coins as coin production became more uniform.
Gross isa sum.
Grotesque shadows cloak the players in darkness.
Grotesque squawks come from two black crows, disturbed by their new guests.
A grotesque is art
Grotesques distort and deform their subjects, often in surrealistic manner.
A grotto is a cave
Grotto isa cave.
Grotto recognizes that hope is the greatest legacy which philanthropy brings to bear.
Grotto supports projects and programs that empower people to chart their own course.
Grottoes are among the most stunning roadside artworks.
Grottos are caves.
Grottos are local caving clubs and can provide recruitment and initial training of new cavers.
Grottos have (part) gaps.
Grottos have (part) sections.
Grottos have (part) stalactites.
Grottos have (part) waters.
Many grottos publish a newsletter as a regular part of their programs.
Most grottos even offer training trips every month for new members.
Most grottos make very similar tours for new members.
Grouchy teenagers fly into fits of anger.
Ground acceleration is particularly important for structural failure.
A ground almond is a sedge
Ground almonds add scent and texture to the soap, unclog pores and absorb excess oil from the skin.
Ground almonds are very expensive and full-size figolli are enormous.
Ground anchors are best and can be purchased if there is time.
A ground ball is a hit
Ground balls are outs unless they hit certain parts inside of the cage.
Ground balls have a little more bounce than years past.
Ground balls make softball great.
Ground beef can last up to four months, and chicken parts can stay good for nine months.
Ground beef exposed to air is bright red.
Ground beef is a cow sitting down.
Ground beef is a very popular protein option at the grocery store.
Ground beef is also a favorite with children as it is easy to chew and swallow.
Ground beef is also well prepared.
Ground beef is an excellent source of iron.
Ground beef is beef
Ground beef is beef.
Ground beef is blended with an easy to prepare bread crumb mixture.
Ground beef is ground meat.
Ground beef is part of hamburgers.
Ground beef is the leading beef item served at home as well as in restaurants.
Ground beef is the most perishable meat, and in some stores it has just a one-day sale period.
Ground beef is usually available but is course by U.S. standards.
Ground beef packaged in a tray overwrapped with film generally appears bright red in color.
Ground beef remains safe to eat when properly cooked and handled.
Ground beef tends to have the most chances of problems.
Ground beef turns brown when exposed to air.
Most ground beef is part of hamburgers.
A ground beetle is a beetle
Ground beetles are almost black and shiny.
Ground beetles are another large family of beetles.
Ground beetles are beetles.
Ground beetles are common in damp places.
Ground beetles are general feeders with powerful jaws.
Ground beetles are good insects and feed at night on cutworms, slugs and other soil insects.
Ground beetles are insects.
Ground beetles are predators feeding primarily on other insects.
Ground beetles are the most common beetles found in soil litter.
Ground beetles can immobilize and devour amphibian prey many times their size.
Ground beetles destroy many garden pests.
Ground beetles feed on caterpillars that attack trees and shrubs.
Ground beetles feed on cutworms, maggots and sometimes slugs.
Ground beetles live in almost every terrestrial habitat on earth.
Ground beetles live on the ground under leaves, logs, stones and other debris.
Ground beetles prey on a variety of ground-dwelling pests.
Ground beetles require the cover provided by low-growing plants.
Many ground beetles give off an unpleasant odor when handled.
Most ground beetles are black and shiny, though some display metallic colors.
Most ground beetles are carnivorous, but some species feed on plant material.
Most ground beetles complete a life cycle within a year.
Most ground beetles feed at night and hide in the soil or under debris during the day.
Most ground beetles have broad, hard wing covers with many parallel, longitudinal ridges.
Most ground beetles prey on insects or snails.
Some ground beetles are metallic green or blue or are marked with spots of metallic red or gold.
Some ground beetles feed on grasshopper nymphs and eggs.
A ground cherry is a herb
Ground cherry is slow to develop but produces abundantly later in season.
Ground chuck has a high fat content, which means it makes the juiciest hamburgers and meatloaf.
Ground clearance is disgraceful and the oil pan is one of the lowest points.
Ground clearance is more than adequate.
Ground clearance is respectable for a heavyweight, although grinding floorboards is still easy.
Ground clutter is the returns from buildings, mountains, escarpments which are on every image.
Ground combat means that the principal focus is on ground maneuver and artillery units.
Ground combat occurs when invading an unfriendly system.
Ground combat remains closed to women.
Ground conductors minimize the problem.
Ground conductors provide protection.
Most ground conductors provide protection.
Ground connections are particularly critical.
Ground connections carrying high levels of current make poor reference points.
Ground control is a communication system
Ground control is communication systems.
Ground control is needed to scale and orient the photography.
Ground control is used when required to provide the highest accuracy levels.
Ground control uses better vectoring and bogey-spotting logic.
Ground controllers are able to stop the spinning and restore service.
Ground controllers can instruct an observation satellite to look elsewhere.
Ground controllers continue seek signals from the craft.
Ground coriander is used to flavor sausages and fresh pork.
A ground cover is vegetation
Ground cover collect fallen leaves which become incorporated into the soil as organic matter.
Ground cover created by trees and associated debris protects soil from rill and sheet erosion.
Ground cover helps hold soil in place and dissipates some of the energy of rainfall.
Ground cover includes blue lupin, yellow mustard, and blue vetch.
Ground cover includes water tolerant grasses and sedges, leatherleaf, sphagnum, and bog rosemary.
Ground cover indicates surface and subsoil types.
Ground cover is cleared by overgrazing, scrub removed by burning, trees by felling.
Ground cover is dense with a wide range of species.
Ground cover is determined by counting the number of points that intersect residue.
Ground cover is evaluated at points along a line.
Ground cover is heavy.
Ground cover is mainly grass as a result of scrub clearing.
Ground cover is one ecologically significant function of the true mosses.
Ground cover is sphagnum moss, leather leaf, blueberry, and labrador tea.
Ground cover is usually a mosaic of sphagnum and other mosses, liverworts and decaying logs.
Ground cover is water-thrifty and easy to maintain.
Ground cover protects the soil from wind and water erosion, and from drying and crusting .
Ground cover provides wildlife habitat, reduces soil erosion and improves water quality.
Ground cover sampling usually yields higher populations where flowering weeds are most abundant.
Ground covers are an effective lawn substitute in areas too shady to support the growth of grasses.
Ground covers are an excellent alternative to replace some lawn areas.
Ground covers are essentially any plant used in a mass grouping to cover or hold the soil.
Ground covers are good alternatives where turfgrasses are impractical.
Ground covers are located in backpacks.
Ground covers are located in forests.
Ground covers are low-growing plants which can be used to cover an area in the landscape.
Ground covers are slow in covering bare ground.
Ground covers can include plants that are annuals, perennials, and shrubs.
Ground covers eliminate costly and time-consuming maintenance such as mowing, edging and trimming.
Many ground covers can tolerate some foot traffic and other abuse.
Most ground covers require at least two years to provide serviceable cover.
Most ground covers require less water and maintenance than grass lawns.
A ground crew is a crew
Ground crew hangs out on the beach, watching for strobe lights in the distance.
Ground crew is secure, over.
Ground crew works feverishly to prepare it for the next day's mission.
Ground crews are gang.
Ground crews assist divers and collect trash from the banks.
Ground crews can continuously monitor and manage all performance parameters.
Ground crews continue their work in the various buffered areas throughout the week.
Ground crews continue to apply malathion bait to buffer areas.
Ground crews continue to apply the second round of ground bait applications.
Ground crews continue to apply to host materials in the buffer zones around sensitive sites.
Ground crews continue to make bait treatments to host materials in buffered areas.
Ground crews continue to treat areas in the buffered areas around sensitive sites.
Ground crews continue to treat buffered areas around sensitive sites.
Ground crews continue to treat buffered areas in the northern core.
Ground crews continue to treat host materials in the buffered areas, and fruit stripping is ongoing.
Ground crews continue treatments in buffered areas around exclusion sites.
Ground crews go to the sectors by airboat or helicopter, depending on the distance.
Ground crews learn vital maintenance procedures.
Ground crews monitor aircraft positions and then relay the information to the pilots.
Ground crickets are brown and much smaller than other common cricket species.
Ground current is one reason horses and cattle are especially susceptible.
Ground dove has a short, round dark tail.
Ground doves build nests on the ground, which are often disturbed by humans.
A ground effect is lift
Ground effect give out a lot of smoke.
Ground effect is an often misunderstood phenomenon.
Ground effect is there, particularly in the cities.
Ground effect occurs within one wing span of the runway, increasing closer to the runway.
Ground effects are aerodynamic lift.
Ground fault is potentially deadly.
Ground faults are often the result of damaged appliance cords or water getting into products.
Ground faults occur when a current circuit comes into contact with grounded conducting material.
Ground faults occur when current is leaking somewhere.
Ground fighting is an important part of the sport.
Ground fighting is an inherent part of mixed martial arts.
A ground floor is a floor
Ground floor has a large entrance hall leading to a fully fitted and equipped kitchen.
Ground floor is multipurpose for school feeding with kitchen, toilets and showers.
Ground floors are beginnings.
Ground floors are floors.
Ground floors are located in brownstones.
Ground floors are located in buildings.
Ground floors are located in hotels.
Ground floors are located in office buildings.
Ground floors are used for cleaning.
Ground floors are used for livings.
Ground floors have patio beach access.
Ground fogs lie along the bottomlands at dawn, and dew drips off every cactus and creosote bush.
Ground forces are hugely dependent on airpower.
Ground forces are just too up close and personal.
Ground forces land ready to fight, with integrated aviation and indirect fires.
Ground forces rush to surround the injured and dead pilots.
Ground forces visit on average every few weeks for several days at a time.
Ground freezing is a temporary condition that leaves the area in the same condition as it was found.
Ground freezing provides a strong, stable support for existing or new foundations near excavations.
Ground frost is what makes mud season muddy.
Ground frosts occur every month, and snow is frequent.
Ground grappling includes joint locks, chokes, pinning, body-positioning and control, and striking.
Ground handling is a breeze.
Ground handling is fast and efficient.
Ground handling is very predictable.
Ground hogs have better accommodations.
A ground ivy is a vine
Ground ivies are vines.
Ground ivy indicates the lawn needs more sunlight.
Ground ivy is a low-growing, creeping, invasive perennial.
Ground ivy is a low-growing, creeping, perennial broadleaf weed.
Ground ivy is an aggressive weed that can tolerate shade and poorly drained soils.
Ground ivy is more common in the East, but can be found throughout the United States.
Ground ivy is well adapted to moist, shady areas , where it can easily out compete turfgrass.
Ground ivy spreads by seed and the vining stems which root at their nodes.
Ground ivy spreads by stolons and sometimes by seed.
Ground ivy spreads via creeping stems that propagate new plants.
A ground level is elevation
Ground level is a little lower than the top of the fence only ten yards away.
Ground level is bottom line of grid, and acts as the x-axis.
Ground level is called the A horizon, and is the dark, topsoil layer.
Ground level is normally beyond the point of maximum development.
Ground level is the third floor.
Ground lift switches on all models enable quiet operation on hum-prone power lines.
Ground lines are huge and all critical low-level audio power is transformer isolated.
A ground loop is misfortune
Ground loops are a common problem of large extended systems such as the one proposed.
Ground loops are low impedance closed electric loops composed from ground conductors.
Ground loops are mishap.
Ground loops can cause one signal to interfere with another.
Ground loops can develop in the system.
Ground loops can occur whenever two pieces of electronic equipment are connected.
Ground loops cause problems by adding or subtracting current or voltage from the process loop.
Ground loops causing hum can result if another ground point is used.
Ground meat is a quick meal waiting to be jazzed up.
Ground meat is artifacts.
Ground meat is done when it is brown or gray inside.
Ground meat is meat.
Ground meat is more susceptible to contamination by bacteria and temperature fluctuations.
Ground meat is particularly hazardous, compared to whole pieces of meat like steaks and chops.
Ground meat is soft and so is apple sauce .
Ground meat is soft and so is apple sauce.
Ground meat mixes better with the vegetables.
Ground meat poses the greatest risk because it is handled more.
Ground meats are dry and difficult to swallow.
Ground meats are more hazardous as the grinding process mixes the bacteria throughout the food.
Ground meats are particularly susceptible to spoilage due to the large amount of surface area.
Ground meats are safe when brown or grey inside.
Ground meats are the most versatile kind of meat.
Ground meats have a huge surface area compared to solid cuts, and they have been handled more often.
Ground meats keep even less well, because so much surface area is exposed to bacteria.
Ground moraine covers most of the sub-subsection, but there are outwash channels and end moraines.
Ground moraine forms a broad plain.
Ground moraine is exposed as glaciers retreat.
Ground moraine is extensive at the western edge of the section.
Ground moraine is locally present.
Ground moraine predominates, often containing extensive drumlin fields.
Ground moraines are more extensive area-wise than are lateral moraines.
Ground moraines are pieces of rock the glaciers drop as they travel.
Ground moraines are the most common type of moraine and can be found on every continent.
Ground movement modulates the signal which changes the tone.
Ground nuts are partly selffertile, but tripping by honeybees gives higher yields.
Ground pads are necessary to determine a temperature rating of a sleeping bag.
Ground pepper is used in most cooking for flavor.
Ground pine can comprise a significant part of the understory.
Ground pine is a herb
Ground pine is a native, perennial, evergreen clubmoss.
Ground pine is bugles.
Ground pine is club moss.
Ground pine is considered a mid-seral species.
Ground pine is rare in northwestern Montana.
Ground pine occurs in cool, boreal forests.
Ground plane is an implement for smoothing the soil.
Ground planes have a similar shunting effect on capacitively coupled noise.
Ground planes work fine at altitude.
Ground pork is marinated in a sesame oil sauce.
Ground pounders require a teleport pad to reach an asteroid.
Ground problems are the most common point of failure in electric fencing.
Many ground problems are due to misunderstandings about what a particular ground is supposed to do.
Ground radars perform kill assessment.
A ground rent is a rent
Ground rent is allowable as a deduction on accrual basis.
Ground resonance can destroy a helicopter in a matter of seconds.
Ground resonance happens in helicopters with lead-lag hinges.
Ground rods provide a safety ground for the electrical service.
Ground rods provide the essential function of connecting the electrical system to the Earth.
Ground roll is energy that is propagating at the surface, but evanescent at depth.
A ground rule is a rule
Ground rules allow special time together to be enjoyable.
Ground rules apply to everyone.
Ground rules are guidelines to encourage the use of effective processes and behaviors.
Ground rules are indeed popular, and they've been around for years.
Ground rules are rules.
Ground rules are simple.
Ground rules can help create community and guide the discussion if things get out of hand.
Ground rules can help to avoid offensive behavior and poor treatment of the parties.
Ground rules discourage someone from monopolizing the meeting with personal concerns.
Ground rules establish the path for constructive behavior.
Ground rules give the student a common point to work from.
Ground rules help develop support for a successful solution.
Ground rules help.
Ground rules improve meeting effectiveness by helping participants stay on task.
Ground rules make it easier to discipline, as they take personality out of the equation.
Ground rules provide both possibilities and constraints.
Ground Rules Try to work by consensus.
Ground rules vary in length and complexity, depending upon the nature of the case.
Ground school covers aircraft systems, private maneuvers, and engine out procedures.
Ground school covers emergency descents and a minimum equipment list.
Ground school is given along with the lessons both before and after each flight.
Ground school is included with flight lesson at no extra cost.
Ground school is provided free of charge, as a benefit of club membership.
Ground school is the academic portion of flight training.
Ground sharks are found in open oceans , seas , estuaries , and brackish waters .
Ground sharks are found in open oceans, seas, estuaries, and brackish waters.
Ground sharks comprise some of the most familiar-looking sharks known to man.
Ground sharks have a special membrane which protects their eyes when needed .
Ground sharks have a special membrane which protects their eyes when needed.
Ground sirloin is more expensive than other types of ground beef.
A ground sloth is an edentate
Ground sloths are a diverse group of extinct sloths , in the mammalian superorder Xenarthra .
Ground sloths are extinct groups of sloths and they are related to the tree sloth.
Ground sloths are thought to have gone extinct thousands of years ago.
Ground speed is a result of airspeed and wind speed.
Ground speed is obviously dependent on the current wind-speed.
Ground speed is the speed which the craft is actually moving ouer the ground.
Ground speed is what determines separation across the ground.
Ground speed means nothing without air speed.
A ground squirrel is a squirrel
Ground squirrels are able to rapidly invade an area.
Ground squirrels are active during the day and sleep at night.
Ground squirrels are common in the fields.
Ground squirrels are diurnal, which means they are active during the day.
Ground squirrels are mammals.
Ground squirrels are more widespread and often abundant in grassland habitats.
Ground squirrels are primarily vegetarians.
Ground squirrels are squirrels.
Ground squirrels are susceptible to plague, which has wiped out entire colonies.
Ground squirrels breed once a year, averaging seven to eight per litter.
Ground squirrels can reinvade a site by moving into vacant burrows.
Ground squirrels eat a variety of foods depending on what is available.
Ground squirrels eat mostly green plant material.
Ground squirrels eat nuts, leaves, roots, seeds, and other plants.
Ground squirrels have a single litter a year that averages from four to nine young.
Ground squirrels have claws for digging and protecting themselves.
Ground squirrels have great hibernation spaces.
Ground squirrels have incisors that grow continuously.
Ground squirrels have large eyes located at the sides of their heads.
Ground squirrels have pouches in their cheeks in which they carry food to their burrow to store.
Ground squirrels have stripes, but only on their bodies.
Ground squirrels live in burrows underground.
Ground squirrels live in underground burrows which they dig with their sharp claws.
Ground squirrels live up to their names.
Ground squirrels make loud noises when they encounter danger to alert nearby squirrels.
Ground squirrels make the best comparison.
Ground squirrels use their claws to get a better grip as they climb trees to reach and gather seeds.
All ground squirrels are diurnal.
Most ground squirrels have a grayish coloring with black or brown accents.
Some ground squirrels hibernate.
Ground start is a DC signal just like loop start.
Ground stations receive the digital information.
Ground stations transmit simultaneously on both.
Most ground strikes occur immediately below a cumulonimbus cloud.
A ground substance is a substance
Ground substance has the consistency of a semi-fluid gel.
Ground substance is lost during tissue preparation and is represented by empty space.
Ground substance plays an important role in loose connective tissue.
Some ground substances are part of alsatians.
Some ground substances are part of ankles.
Some ground substances are part of arms.
Some ground substances are part of backbones.
Some ground substances are part of backs.
Some ground substances are part of beagles.
Some ground substances are part of bones.
Some ground substances are part of bridges.
Some ground substances are part of bulldogs.
Some ground substances are part of bullocks.
Some ground substances are part of cartilages.
Some ground substances are part of chests.
Some ground substances are part of chicks.
Some ground substances are part of cochleas.
Some ground substances are part of craniums.
Some ground substances are part of cygnets.
Some ground substances are part of diaphragms.
Some ground substances are part of doggies.
Some ground substances are part of dogs.
Some ground substances are part of ducklings.
Some ground substances are part of endoskeletons.
Some ground substances are part of esophagi.
Some ground substances are part of fangs.
Some ground substances are part of fawns.
Some ground substances are part of fingers.
Some ground substances are part of fishbones.
Some ground substances are part of foxhounds.
Some ground substances are part of heads.
Some ground substances are part of hounds.
Some ground substances are part of incisors.
Some ground substances are part of jaws.
Some ground substances are part of knees.
Some ground substances are part of laps.
Some ground substances are part of larynxes.
Some ground substances are part of legs.
Some ground substances are part of ligaments.
Some ground substances are part of mandibles.
Some ground substances are part of marrow.
Some ground substances are part of meniscuses.
Some ground substances are part of molars.
Some ground substances are part of necks.
Some ground substances are part of noses.
Some ground substances are part of notochords.
Some ground substances are part of partridges.
Some ground substances are part of pelves.
Some ground substances are part of penises.
Some ground substances are part of poodles.
Some ground substances are part of proboscises.
Some ground substances are part of puppies.
Some ground substances are part of shinbones.
Some ground substances are part of skin.
Some ground substances are part of skulls.
Some ground substances are part of snouts.
Some ground substances are part of spines.
Some ground substances are part of sterna.
Some ground substances are part of studs.
Some ground substances are part of teeth.
Some ground substances are part of tendons.
Some ground substances are part of thighs.
Some ground substances are part of thumbs.
Some ground substances are part of toes.
Some ground substances are part of toms.
Some ground substances are part of tusks.
Some ground substances are part of vertebrae.
Some ground substances are part of wishbones.
Some ground substances are part of wrists.
Ground support keeps growing as does people willing to climb that tree.
Ground support provides many tools during a fire.
Ground support sets up to descend victim while monitoring confined space oxygen lines.
Ground surveys suggest that tigers have been greatly reduced in numbers.
Most ground surveys done today are still labor intensive.
Ground system architectures that support global access for notification and mission tasking.
Ground telescopes collect a glimmer of light from the dawn of creation.
Ground tissue fills the space between the dermal tissue and the vascular tissues.
Ground tissue forms the interior of the stem.
Ground tissue manufactures nutrients by photosynthesis and stores reserve nutrients.
Ground tissue produces and stores sugars, and contributes to physical support of the plant.
Ground traction is dependent on the surface the bike is on.
Ground transport Has a major transportation pool.
Ground transport is available for more routine transfers.
Ground transport is available upon request.
Ground transport is on foot or on skis.
All ground transport leaves from the large traffic island outside of the baggage claim area.
Ground transportation includes an airport shuttle service to downtown Victoria.
Ground transportation includes bus, taxi, limo services and four on-site car rental companies.
Ground transportation includes high speed rail line, train, bus, shuttle van, limo and taxi service.
Ground transportation includes taxis and car rental.
Ground transportation includes travel by sea.
Ground transportation is also available, for more information please inquire.
Ground transportation is also less likely to be disrupted by bad weather or mechanical problems.
Ground transportation is available at all three.
Ground transportation is available at both airports.
Ground transportation is available at some tourist locations.
Ground transportation is available for a nominal charge or rental cars are available at the airport.
Ground transportation is available for all flights.
Ground transportation is available for all of Minnesota and many surrounding locations.
Ground transportation is available from all airports.
Ground transportation is available from all three.
Ground transportation is available from car rental companies and three on-call limousine services.
Ground transportation is available from the airport.
Ground transportation is available from the Washington D.C. area to Richmond and is easy to arrange.
Ground transportation is available only by private rental cars.
Ground transportation is available seasonally.
Ground transportation is available.
Ground transportation is easily accessible from major inerstate highways and roads.
Ground transportation is equally accessible.
Ground transportation is extremely comprehensive and comparatively inexpensive.
Ground transportation is located outside of baggage claim.
Ground transportation is often problematic.
Ground transportation is provided in the cost.
Ground transportation is provided on all organized excursions.
Ground transportation is slow, hard to find, or nonexistent.
Ground transportation is the mode of transportation.
Ground transportation is the sold responsibility of the winner.
Ground transportation meets flights at all three airports.
All ground transportation is in air-conditioned buses.
All ground transportation is included.
All ground transportation is located on the lower level of the terminal, outside of baggage claim.
Ground troops are almost certain to become involved in the conflict.
Ground troops are essential to winning the scenarios, but are easily wiped out.
Ground troops estimate the number of terrorists killed is much higher.
Ground truth is determined by humans.
Ground truth is vital when the weather takes a turn for the worse.
Ground truth reports help forecasters confirm what they are looking at on the radar screen.
Ground turkey can also be low in fat if it is made from the breast without the skin.
Ground turkey can contain skin and fat along with the lean .
Ground turkey can make burgers, spaghetti, meat loaf and tacos.
Ground turkey contains the skin, so it is higher in fat.
Ground turkey has high appeal among all ages, genders and economic levels.
Ground turkey is beefed up with onion soup mix and steak sauce.
Ground turkey is especially perishable.
Ground turkey is generally very low in fat.
Ground turkey is sold just as ground beef, and is frequently marketed as a healthy beef substitute.
Ground turkeys are ground meat.
Ground units are corps, steps are divisions.
Ground units make their first showing during the command decision phase.
Ground veal defrosting time depends on the thickness of the package.
Ground veal is leaner than ground beef, and it's great for hamburgers and meatloaf.
Ground veal is perfect for hamburgers, meatballs, meatloaf and the like, as it is lighter than beef.
Ground vibration breaks plaster, sinks wells, etc.
Ground vibration is generally a nuisance, but if excessive can cause structural damage to buildings.
Ground vibration is measured in inches per second.
Ground water accumulates chiefly from rain that filters through the soil.
Ground water appears in the descending trail after a half-mile.
Ground water appears to be the contamination route of major concern.
Ground water behaves much like surface water in that it flows from high areas to lower areas.
Ground water can be, and has been, contaminated by human activities.
Ground water can become unusable if it becomes polluted and is no longer safe to drink.
Ground water can carry additional radon into homes and other buildings, creating a health risk.
Ground water can contain hydrogen sulfide or other naturally occurring chemicals.
Ground water can enter cracked or broken pipes bringing any number of contaminants with it.
Ground water can leak into the system.
Ground water can move across state boundaries.
Ground water can pop through sediment patches on the sea floor or through freshwater springs.
Ground water carries nutrients from the forest's decaying leaves and needles out to the marsh.
Ground water carries with it anything it picks up.
Ground water comes from underground aquifers and wells.
Ground water contains only tiny amounts of dissolved nutrients.
Ground water continues to be monitored.
Ground water creates hydrostatic pressure on basement walls and floors.
Ground water dissolves minerals like calcium carbonate and gypsum from the soil and rock.
Ground water erodes the limestone little by little, forming caves of varous size.
Ground water exists in pores between particles in subsurface sediment or rock units.
Ground water feeds wells and springs.
Ground water fills the sinkholes in limestone areas.
Ground water flows downstream, or toward nearby lakes and rivers.
Ground water flows from an area with high hydraulic head to an area with low hydraulic head.
Ground water flows from areas where the water table is elevated towards areas where it is lower.
Ground water flows silently beneath the community, to appear in spring-fed ponds.
Ground water flows south-southwest toward the Mississippi River.
Ground water flows toward and along the axis of the Gila River.
Ground water gets there more slowly.
Ground water held under an aquiclude or an aquifuge called artesian if the pressure is positive.
Ground water is a major water source for rural households in Crawford County.
Ground water is a natural resource, but it is a fairly finite one.
Ground water is a principal natural resource of Reno County.
Ground water is a renewable resource.
Ground water is a safe, economic and environmentally friendly resource.
Ground water is a safe, economic and environmentally friendlyresource.
Ground water is a significant source of drinking water for tribal communities in Arizona.
Ground water is a vast resource that underlies the earth's surface.
Ground water is a very valuable economic commodity.
Ground water is a very valuable resource in Nebraska.
Ground water is a vital link in the water cycle.
Ground water is abundant and of good quality.
Ground water is abundant.
Ground water is affected by agricultural and urban land uses.
Ground water is also a potential source for irrigation.
Ground water is also at risk from nonpoint source pollutants as they enter the state's aquifers.
Ground water is also in critical situation.
Ground water is also scarce.
Ground water is also the source of much of the water used for irrigation.
Ground water is an excellent water source that requires little purification.
Ground water is an extremely important resource in North Dakota.
Ground water is an important source of drinking water in every State.
Ground water is an important source of household supply in the study unit.
Ground water is an important source of surface water and nutrients.
Ground water is an important source of water for irrigation and drinking water supplies.
Ground water is an important source of water supply in Illinois.
Ground water is an important source particularly in arid regions of the west.
Ground water is an indispensable part of our ecological system.
Ground water is cleaned by a natural filter as it flows through underground soils.
Ground water is commonly less contaminated and more useful than surface water.
Ground water is considered a renewable resource unless it is used faster than it can be replenished.
Ground water is contained in aquifers, which are layers of bedrock saturated with water.
Ground water is contaminated with acids and organic compounds.
Ground water is contaminated with benzene.
Ground water is contaminated with naphthalene, methylene naphthalene, and dibenzofuran.
Ground water is contaminated.
Ground water is controlled by the geology.
Ground water is crucial to sustaining streamflow for habitat and for water supply.
Ground water is defined as water beneath the surface of the earth.
Ground water is discharged from the ground into streams and rivers.
Ground water is drawn upward by evaporation at the surface.
Ground water is essential to our everyday lives.
Ground water is for the most part very safe and dependable.
Ground water is found in soils and sands able to retain the water - much like a sponge holds water.
Ground water is found in spaces between soil particles and rocks, and within cracks of bedrock.
Ground water is found in the pores and cavities of rocks beneath the earth's surface.
Ground water is found under ground in rock formations called aquifers.
Ground water is heated in underground reservoirs to form naturally occurring hot water and steam.
Ground water is held in aquifers, which are discussed in the following sections.
Ground water is less likely to be contaminated than surface water.
Ground water is likely to be one such source.
Ground water is limited and usually occurs at great depths.
Ground water is moderate to high in hardness, but generally suitable for most uses.
Ground water is more scarce in the western portion of the watershed.
Ground water is mostly good quality.
Ground water is never completely pure.
Ground water is obtained from wells and springs that are open to aquifers.
Ground water is of high quality and is in generally good supply.
Ground water is one of Alaska's least understood natural resources.
Ground water is one of Florida's most important natural resources.
Ground water is one of the most precious natural resources in South Dakota.
Ground water is plentiful but is affected by salt in many places near the coast.
Ground water is present in virtually all landscapes.
Ground water is public domain land.
Ground water is pumped from wells that are drilled into aquifers.
Ground water is pumped out of the ground and treated to drinking water standards.
Ground water is pumped up and used to irrigate a salt tolerant woodlot.
Ground water is sampled from the wells using dedicated pumps.
Ground water is scarce.
Ground water is simply water that fills pores or cracks in subsurface rocks.
Ground water is simply water that flows beneath the earth's surface.
Ground water is so high, water stands anywhere there is a hole more than a few inches deep.
Ground water is stored in aquifers.
Ground water is stored naturally below the Earth's surface.
Ground water is stored within the pore spaces of aquifers.
Ground water is the island's only source of drinking water.
Ground water is the main source of water for much of the study unit.
Ground water is the main water source for rural households.
Ground water is the major pathway of concern.
Ground water is the major water source in Warren County, serving virtually all households.
Ground water is the most important source of drinking water in the area.
Ground water is the one that feeds rivers and springs during the dry season.
Ground water is the only source of water supply in the area.
Ground water is the only source used by public water systems in the county.
Ground water is the primary drinking water source for half of the state's population.
Ground water is the primary water source for much of western Kansas.
Ground water is the single source of drinking water on the island.
Ground water is the sole source of drinking water for many rural communities and some larger cities.
Ground water is the sole source of potable water in the impacted area.
Ground water is the sole source of supply in the basin.
Ground water is the source of drinking water for over half of the U.S. population.
Ground water is the source of drinking water for the area.
Ground water is the source of high-quality drinking water for most of the state's communities.
Ground water is the underground water that feeds our streams and water supply wells.
Ground water is the water below the surface within the earth that supplies wells and springs.
Ground water is the water present underground in the tiny spaces in rocks and soil.
Ground water is the water source.
Ground water is the water that fills cracks and other openings in beds of rocks and sand.
Ground water is the water that fills the pores in sands or gravel or the cracks in fractured rocks.
Ground water is the water that is found beneath the earth's surface.
Ground water is the water that soaks into the ground.
Ground water is thus a vitally important national resource.
Ground water is under a totally private legal regime in India.
Ground water is underground water where all the pores in the soil are filled.
Ground water is used by animals for bathing.
Ground water is used by local industries.
Ground water is used for agricultural, domestic, industrial, and commercial purposes.
Ground water is used for domestic, irrigation, industrial, and agricultural purposes.
Ground water is used in irrigation, industry, domestic households and for maintaining livestock.
Ground water is used to irrigate crops and supply homes, businesses, and industries with water.
Ground water is used to supplement precipitation.
Ground water is very difficult to clean up.
Ground water is water beneath Earth's surface, often pumped for drinking water.
Ground water is water beneath the surface of the earth.
Ground water is water found in pores or cracks in sand, gravel, and rock beneath the land surface.
Ground water is water in the saturated zone.
Ground water is water occurring in the zone of saturation in an aquifer or soil.
Ground water is water that flows underground through permeable soil and rock, often under pressure.
Ground water is water that has been seeped and stored into the ground.
Ground water is water that has gone through the turbines of a hydro-electric plant.
Ground water is water that sinks into the upper portion of the Earth's surface.
Ground water is water
Ground water is water.
Ground water is widespread in the state and is relatively low in development and pumping costs.
Ground water lives in the geology.
Ground water occurs almost everywhere beneath the land surface.
Ground water occurs especially in permeable fractures and weathered zones.
Ground water occurs in both the glacial deposits and bedrock.
Ground water occurs in geologic formations called aquifers.
Ground water occurs in many different types of soil and rock strata.
Ground water occurs predominantly under unconfined, secondary-permeability conditions.
Ground water occurs under both artesian and nonartesian conditions in southeastern Florida.
Ground water oozing through underwater sediment banks can also cause slumping.
Ground water percolates downward, comes in contact with the hot rock and is heated.
Ground water poses a danger of corroding containers holding the radioactive waste.
Ground water provides a vast supply of water for use in agriculture, homes, and industry.
Ground water provides most of the drinking water in the islands.
Ground water provides the domestic water supply of almost all rural residents in the basin.
Ground water provides the domestic water supply of almost all rural residents in the study area.
Ground water provides the total flow in the rivers and creeks when there is no rain or snowmelt.
Ground water provides water for use in agriculture, homes, and industry.
Ground water pumping by humans causes land subsidence, which causes a change in the vegetation.
Ground water reappears at the earth's surface as springs, seeps in wells.
Ground water serves as a large subsurface water reservoir.
Ground water travels through permeable soil on top of hard or impermeable layers.
Most ground water is discharged from the aquifer by underflow, withdrawal, and evapotranspiration.
Most ground water is found in aquifers.
Some ground water finds openings in the land surface and emerges as freshwater springs.
Some ground water is more susceptible to contamination because of the soils and rock composition.
Some ground water is removed, via wells, using pumps.
Ground wire acts as an extra conductor.
Ground work involves guiding the animal through movement exercises in non-habitual ways.
Ground work is laid for launch of electronic statement and bill presentment over the Internet.
Ground work is needed.
Much ground work is done and horse behavior patterns are evaluated.
A ground is an object
Ground are connections.
Ground are located in trees.
Ground are percept.
Ground are surfaces.
Ground based defenses promise attrition while forcing air forces into standoff range.
Ground based measurements can provide further validation.
Ground based missile defense against incoming missile system is no longer a viable consideration.
Ground based monitoring systems are in place.
Ground based studies and limited flight data allow prediction of on-orbit degradation.
Ground breaking at the time, they still impress ten years on.
Ground breaking ceremonies begin.
Ground breaking for the new building is now only days away.
Ground breaking for the renovation and expansion project is planned for next summer.
Ground breaking takes place and construction begins.
Ground cover classification - image processing.
Ground cover plants with small delicate foliage.
Ground cover with very attractive yellow green leaves even in the darkest spots of the garden.
Ground covers add a finished, professional look to a landscape.
Ground covers also enhance the beauty and usefulness of the landscape.
Ground covers and climbers figure prominently in the offerings.
Ground covers and decorative mulches require less maintenance and water than traditional lawns.
Ground covers benefit from yearly fertilization.
Ground covers can be deciduous or evergreen.
Ground covers can consist of both woody and herbaceous plants.
Ground covers come in a variety of textures and colors, many with beautiful blooms.
Ground covers differ in color, texture and form and can be herbaceous, woody, succulent or grassy.
Ground covers for areas where some height is required.
Ground covers for semiarid landscapes.
Ground covers help link together ornamental plants.
Ground covers in foundation plantings eliminate that necessary contrast.
Ground covers leave little room for unwanted plants.
Ground covers other than lawn grasses.
Ground covers provide the perfect way to control erosion.
Ground covers provide variation in plant height, texture and color in the landscape.
Ground covers reduce moisture fluctuations and minimize soil movement from the shrink-swell cycle.
Ground covers reduce weed growth and save a lot of work.
Ground covers such as gazania, ice plant and cape weed go in now.
Ground covers suitable for sloping banks or large expanses without trees or shrubs.
Ground covers suitable for sloping banks with some trees or shrubs or large areas between shrubs.
Ground covers that have twisted themselves around risers end up obstructing the water flow.
Ground covers unify our landscapes by providing masses of foliage in sun and shade.
Ground covers, lawns, hedges and trees for gardens predominantly green.
Ground covers, shrubs and trees.
Ground emu is great for burgers, while filets are popular for marinating and grilling.
Ground explodes upwards, effective vs. ground target only.
Ground fault current limiting resistor voltage and current rating.
Ground faults ground-fault.
Ground handling safety is important, no one doubts that.
Ground hazes occur in low areas at dawn and dusk and probably consist of water ice.
Ground heats up relatively quickly.
Ground inhabiting species seek the dim snow chambers of the chaparral.
Ground is a singularly uninspiring word.
Ground is always the most economical method.
Ground is approx.
Ground is at a big open area.
Ground is at a critical point.
Ground is at top of hill, behind tennis court, approx.
Ground is available for private hangar constructions.
Ground is broken and construction begins on a new, uniquely designed building to house the branch.
Ground is broken for a new permanent dormitory.
Ground is broken for second building phase.
Ground is broken for the re-building of a new church.
Ground is broken in the former northern parking lot to prepare for the corporate office expansion.
Ground is dirt or concrete, everybody knows that.
Ground is easy to come by.
Ground is either of the middle, black wires.
Ground is even and generally has a good, firm soil base.
Ground is frozen for hundreds of meters down and lower layers stay frozen all year long.
Ground is graded to give a flat surface.
Ground is half mile on left, just after motorway bridge.
Ground is hopeless, path is confused and fruition is impossible.
Ground is in Johnson Park immediately on the right hand side.
Ground is level to gentle slope.
Ground is littered with many small twigs and broken branches.
Ground is lost and won back as the combatants try to gain leverage on each other.
Ground is nice but air is a lot better.
Ground is no longer reliable.
Ground is on the right side.
Ground is opposite the parking lot.
Ground is overgrown with vines.
Ground is part of worlds.
Ground is provided to the circuit through vias to the backside metallization.
Ground is provided to the circuitry through vias to the backside metallization.
Ground is quite easy.
Ground is ready to be broken at a site already designated and donated in Lancaster.
Ground is real estates.
Ground is sediments.
Ground is shared for both power and data.
Ground is sites.
Ground is the background of a flag.
Ground is the immediate, and the grounded the mediated.
Ground is the only free shipping offered.
Ground is the place in a circuit with where the potential energy of the electrons is zero.
Ground is the reference voltage from which all other voltages in a circuit can be measured.
Ground is the symbol at the bottom, and the voltage of that wire is of course zero.
Ground is third hand, Move towards ball.
Ground is to be broken tomorrow.
Ground is tracts.
Ground is usually a little more important than power.
Ground is zero volts.
Ground isa object.
Ground keep Bottle throughout most chapter of one pen.
Ground laying birds, such as plovers, produce highly camouflaged eggs to prevent.
Ground learn Bottle of most chapter except one pen.
Ground leases, higher dollor value per square foot, tenant rollover risk, structural issues.
Ground lifts for all isolated outputs.
Ground lighting at night creates a lighthouse beacon on the sea-like prairie.
Ground magnifying lenses provide full binocular vision.
Ground needs to be fully warm befor planting, tolerates no frost.
Ground needs to be rotated.
Ground nesting species are more likely to fall prey to mammalian predators.
Ground offend through no vessel however employ goldwin xl.
Ground penetrating radar can often do it.
Ground penetrating radar is a useful subsurface imaging tool in many depositional environments.
Ground penetrating radar is among the equipment the group is testing.
Ground penetrating radar operates by sending a signal into the ground.
Ground penetrating radar utilizes radio frequency waves to detect subsurface features.
Ground provided is for passive and recreational use.
Ground pump to end of one container, attach hose to pump allowing water flow upwards.
Ground rings around structures are useful.
Ground rumbling seems the most obvious answer to the why question.
Ground run and check for any leaks.
Ground shaking causes damage tens of miles away from the fault source.
Ground skinks feed on insects and spiders.
Ground skinks prey on tiny insects, spiders, and other invertebrates.
Ground slabs to the south of the core are outstanding.
Ground slopes up toward point close to monument.
Ground squirrels damage many fruit and nut trees as well as vegetables and ornamental plants.
Ground squirrels Increase in density after burning.
Ground start A phone-line signaling method used by many PBXes and large phone installations.
Ground starting is simpler and safer.
Ground starts to slope up very soon and climbs through laurel to a high point.
Ground tracking IDs are a combination of the shipper ID and package number.
Ground truthing is more time consuming than the original electronic data acquisition.
Ground truthing is one of the huge challenges in all remote sensing work on birds.
Ground truthing of satellite data is another important component.
Ground truthing of the resulting imagery is currently underway.
Ground truthing, for example, has strong implications for conservation.
Ground tying means to stand without moving a single foot, with their head up.
Ground use only.
Ground waters quality and pollution.
Ground work Much of the day is spent on the lookout for food.
Ground work The ability of large mammals to communicate long distances also is well established.
Grounds access only.
Grounds also provides for trash compaction for the entire campus seven days a week.
Grounds also support a picnic area and playground.
Grounds are always open.
Grounds are always well kept.
Grounds are available for outdoor weddings.
Grounds are clean and quiet, without high water problems.
Grounds are closed to visitors except during regular visiting hours.
Grounds are complete with maintained nature trails and a stocked one acre pond.
Grounds are edible.
Grounds are free.
Grounds are fully maintained, space is provided for a caravan on an adjacent block.
Grounds are in good shape, buses in motor pool in good shape.
Grounds are keep groomed.
Grounds are level and well groomed .
Grounds are one block from Devon station.
Grounds are open daily from dawn to dusk.
Grounds are open daily, sunup to sundown.
Grounds are open daily.
Grounds are open dawn to dusk daily.
Grounds are open every day of the year.
Grounds are open for visitation every day.
Grounds are open to public, stable yard now houses folk museum and craft centre.
Grounds are open to the public and guided tours are conducted in the weekends.
Grounds are open to the public daily from dawn to dusk.
Grounds are open with some restrictions and at present all events are going ahead as planned.
Grounds are open year round from dawn to dusk.
Grounds are open year round.
Grounds are open.
Grounds are perfect for any type of celebration.
Grounds are sepia-cast, weathered, mottled, textured and patterned.
Grounds are spectacular but it needs a tent.
Grounds are the most infrequently litigated issue in a matrimonial case.
Grounds are the numerous student-run religious groups.
Grounds are usually explicit, rather than implicit, in an argument.
Grounds are well cared for and modified according to the campus master plan.
Grounds are well landscaped.
Grounds can have similar problems.
Grounds care equipment is noisy.
Grounds care, maintenance and repairs.
Grounds comply with State regulations.
Grounds contain original orchard, herb garden, cemetery.
Grounds extending to over an acre includes garden, yard and paddock with a pond.
Grounds feature a small pond, bridge and small waterfall for picture taking after the ceremony.
Grounds feature lawn areas and attractive natural desert landscaping.
Grounds feature prairie grass and wildflowers and a hiking trail to the Missouri River.
Grounds feature spectacular view of surrounding area.
Grounds have excellent possibilities for horse stable.
Grounds immediately surrounding the buildings are well-suited for tents.
Grounds installs and maintains the athletic fields, playgrounds, and landscaping at all sites.
Grounds is also performs snow removal during the winter months.
Grounds is divided into five areas to more effectively serve the campus community.
Grounds open all year.
Grounds open daily .
Grounds open daily all year from dawn to dusk.
Grounds open daily dawn through dusk.
Grounds open daily during daylight hours.
Grounds open daily from dawn to dusk.
Grounds open daily, dawn to dusk.
Grounds open daily, dawn until dusk.
Grounds open daily.
Grounds open every day.
Grounds open seven days a week, dawn to dusk.
Grounds provides routine maintenance of all landscape, play fields and snow removal.
Grounds reaps the harvest for landscaping, etc.
Grounds refers to the proof or evidence an arguer offers.
Grounds remain open one hour after closing.
Grounds remain open one hour after gates close.
Grounds runs a recycling program to collect, sort and bale paper and cardboard.
Grounds stay open later.
Grounds work, e.g., lawn care, plant care, watering, etc.
All ground covers have advantages and disadvantages.
All ground has potential .
All ground is open door to open sky.
All grounds connect firmly at dc, so no troublesome voltage offsets can develop.
Any ground nesting bird, reptile or rodent is vulnerable when they are young and helpless.
Many ground covers, like most perennial plants, only flower for a month or two in spring or summer.
Many grounds are no longer the best places for the clubs they house.
Many grounds here involve 'woodland presentations' i.e. trees and bushes all over the place.
Most ground is part of worlds.
Much ground is covered, but few major votes.
Much ground needs to be recovered from the foe.
Much ground still needs to be covered, but there has been significant progress.
Some ground attracts aphids.
Some ground attracts birds.
Some ground covers do a better job at filtering than others.
Some ground has yet to be covered, however, before it is ready for real use.
Some ground is gained against firm opposition.
Some ground possesses deer.
A groundbreaker is a mastermind
Groundbreaker is truly big.
Groundbreakers form a line to shovel a little piece of history.
Groundcover is vegetation
Groundcover is vegetation.
Groundcovers also use less water and fertilizer.
Groundcovers are one of the most underrated perennials in the landscape.
Groundcovers are useful to cover large areas inexpensively.
Groundcovers are valuable additions to the landscape.
Groundcovers catch and slow rainfall and allow moisture to evaporate from leaf surfaces.
Groundcovers come in a variety of textures and leaf shapes.
Groundcovers don t have to be low creepers.
Groundcovers establish sooner, producing denser cover without encroaching driveways, walks, walls.
Groundcovers help to suppress the growth of weeds.
Groundcovers offer alternatives to turf and are useful in preventing erosion.
Groundcovers offer solutions to a number of landscaping dilemmas.
Groundcovers require little maintenance and beautify the landscape year round.
All groundcovers are perennial and most are evergreen .
Many groundcovers do well in problem areas.
Most groundcovers are easy to maintain, and many are water-thrifty.
Some groundcovers are edible, such as strawberries or low-growing herbs.
Some groundcovers require less sunlight and less moisture and nutrients than grass.
Grounder fielded by second baseman and first baseman is off bag.
Grounder is a hit
Grounders are tougher to field, baseballs are harder to pitch and bats are harder to swing.
A groundhog is a marmot
Groundhogs are a burrowing animal.
Groundhogs are able to mate and have offspring when they are one year old.
Groundhogs are also abundant and commonly recognized.
Groundhogs are also warm blooded.
Groundhogs are animals.
Groundhogs are at their maximum weight before entering hibernation.
Groundhogs are bands.
Groundhogs are destructive and prolific animals.
Groundhogs are easy to trap.
Groundhogs are excellent burrowers, using burrows for sleeping, rearing young, and hibernating.
Groundhogs are excellent burrowers.
Groundhogs are excellent diggers, constructing a burrow with a main entrance and an escape tunnel.
Groundhogs are great diggers with curved thick claws.
Groundhogs are ground squirrels.
Groundhogs are herbivores and eat leaves, clover, flower stems, tree bark and berries.
Groundhogs are mammals.
Groundhogs are mammals.
Groundhogs are marmots.
Groundhogs are mostly herbivorous.
Groundhogs are nervouw and run to their burrows when there is danger.
Groundhogs are one of the few animals to truly hibernate.
Groundhogs are really exclusively herbivores.
Groundhogs are rodents and primarily eat healthy vegetables and salad items.
Groundhogs are small animals.
Groundhogs are solitary and herbivorous animals.
Groundhogs are the bane of many a gardener.
Groundhogs are the largest members of the squirrel family.
Groundhogs are the largest species in the squirrel family.
Groundhogs are the more solitary then other marmots.
Groundhogs are well adapted for digging, with short but powerful limbs and curved, thick claws.
Groundhogs are woodchucks.
Groundhogs belong to the same order as beavers and rats.
Groundhogs can be a major problem as they feed on canola.
Groundhogs can be a menace to homeowners with gardens.
Groundhogs can create a fair bit trouble by helping themselves to crops that farmers grow.
Groundhogs can make their homes under trees, around buildings and in open fields.
Groundhogs continue to be a major problem in many soybean fields.
Groundhogs create tunnels for sleeping, living, protection and hibernating.
Groundhogs dig tunnels and live underground .
Groundhogs dig tunnels and live underground.
Groundhogs digging in the yard and groundhogs digging in the garden is a common problem.
Groundhogs digging in the yard can create a lot of groundhog damage.
Groundhogs eat a broad variety of vegetation and especially favor domestic legumes.
Groundhogs eat a broad variety of vegetation, and especially favor domestic legumes.
Groundhogs eat green vegetation.
Groundhogs generally live alone.
Groundhogs get their name because for the most part, they travel on land.
Groundhogs have an incredible sense of hearing and smell.
Groundhogs have chisel-like incisor teeth that enable the animal to gnaw well.
Groundhogs have winter and summer burrows.
Groundhogs hibernate one to a burrow, with at least two doorways.
Groundhogs hibernate over the winter.
Groundhogs line their home with grasses and leaves.
Groundhogs live in burrows underground and are hibernating mammals.
Groundhogs live in open fields, open woods, valleys and plains.
Groundhogs retreat to their burrows when danger is spotted.
Groundhogs tend to hibernate in burrows.
Groundhogs usually have two separate dens.
All groundhogs hibernate at wintertime.
Grounding straps is an example.
Grounding systems are often inadequate because they are the last of the fence to be installed.
Grounding affects voltage stability, and more importantly, is critical to personal safety.
Grounding allows shields to work by draining away potentials.
Grounding also varies depending city, county, state, country.
Grounding begins with the breath.
Grounding can vary from one place to another, even when both are relatively close.
Grounding constitutes forfeiture of one tangle.
Grounding electrodes Install grounding and bonding connectors.
Grounding has minimal effect on the RF radiation of the system.
Grounding helps to prevent accidents to persons and damage by fire to property.
Grounding involves connection with the earth, often to cleanse one's personal energy.
Grounding is a good choice for such a situation.
Grounding is accomplished with a tinned-copper braid.
Grounding is also effective in some instances.
Grounding is done.
Grounding is education
Grounding is especially important when the equipment is used on metal countertops.
Grounding is especially important when the storage container is an above ground storage tank.
Grounding is just a power thing.
Grounding is necessary to ensure safety and reliability.
Grounding is normally a secondary protective measure to protect against electric shock.
Grounding is our basic discipline.
Grounding is provided by continuous conductive weave grounding.
Grounding is the ability to deal with practical matters in a realistic way.
Grounding is the key to strong, consistent voltage.
Grounding is the most important.
Grounding is used at truck and rail loading facilities to prevent flow of stray currents.
Grounding is usually difficult to install.
Grounding is very important because it helps to protect against electrical shock.
Grounding is very important for signal return.
Grounding is via a thick copper strip leaving the right of the picture.
Grounding lets unwanted currents drain to the earth.
Grounding occurs in the tracks.
Grounding seems to be defined as 'hooking' symbol manipulation to external objects.
Grounding settles the jangling energy of fear.
Grounding uses animal imagery, but as a metaphor.
Groundings are numerous and destroy seagrass beds, vital to the Bay's productivity.
Groundings loosen then snap.
Many groundings occur when boaters misinterpret buoys or daymarks at channel junctions.
Some groundings occur in areas of great environmental sensitivity.
Most groundlayer species have small, inconspicuous flowers.
Groundnut cake is a livestock feed, mostly used by cattle as protein supplements.
Groundnut oil is beneficial for health.
Groundnut oil is oil
A groundnut is a vine
Groundnuts are highly susceptible to white grub damage.
Groundnuts are part of groundnuts.
Groundnuts are prone to such infestation which produces aflatoxin.
Groundnuts are rich in thiamine and nicotinic acid.
Groundnuts are tubers.
Groundnuts are vines.
Groundnuts bring important addition to family nutrition.
Grounds crew picks up from the loading dock.
Grounds staff are the primary essential employees.
A groundsel tree is a bush
Groundsel tree is a member of the composite family.
A groundskeeper is a gardener
Groundskeepers also use soybean oil to kill scale and other insects.
Groundskeepers are sensitive to public perception of their activities.
Groundskeepers collect all yard waste for the Charleston County compost facility.
Groundskeepers seed and fertilize campus greenery, mow the lawns and prune the bushes.
Groundskeepers work under general supervision and perform most tasks with some independence.
Some groundskeepers are best around home plate, others on the mound, still others on the basebaths.
Some groundskeepers specialize in caring for cemeteries and memorial gardens.
Some groundskeepers specialize in caring for cemetery and memorial gardens grounds.
Groundwave propagation is very stable resulting in consistent reception conditions.
A groundwork is an assumption
Groundwork aims to bring about economic and social regeneration by improving the local environment.
Groundwork is a doddle with no tip wrap problems and good recoverability.
Groundwork is a leading environmental regeneration charity.
Groundwork is a small organizaton with a big commitment to excellence.
Groundwork is important.
Groundwork is provided for making responsible decisions, and living without injury to others.
Groundwork is the largest non-statutory reclaimer of derelict land.
Groundwork is underway to offer advanced degrees in bioethics soon.
Groundworks are preparation.
Groundworks offers workshops for women as well as coed workshops.
Groundworks supports printing from a wide variety of applications, some of which are listed below.
All groundwork is done at liberty so the horse can leave if uncomfortable.
Grouop behavior is a social learning skill that needs practice.
A group action is an act
A group action is an event
Group action is potentially the most powerful form of action.
Group action produces results, power, money.
Group action refers to a specific industry group.
Group action takes the form of a fitting together of individuals actions.
Group actions are acts.
Group actions are events.
Group algebras have important applications to both finite and infinite group theory.
Group analysis is the analysis of the group by the group including the conductor.
Group behavior is an extension of individual behavior.
Some group behavior is concerned with the fulfillment of the group task .
Some group behavior is concerned with the maintenance of good climate and working relationships.
Group behaviour differs from individual behaviour.
Group blogs are nearly as common.
Group buying eliminates the middleman and can translate into sizeable food cost reductions.
Group buying lets consumers buy goods at discounts by pooling their purchasing power.
Group buying occurs at the state, regional, and national level.
Group centers provide a large area for group tent camping.
Group certificates allow treating a set of entities as a single entity.
Group chats are easy.
Group chats are virtual rooms filled with people hosting various discussions at the same time.
Group codes represent the financially responsible party.
Group cohesion is a key.
Group cohesion is for members to communicate so that they can remian in the group.
Group cohesion is important.
Group cohesiveness is another variable that can affect the helping behaviour of a bystander.
Group cohesiveness is enhanced as children engage in plant- stimulated discovery activities .
Group cohesiveness is enhanced as children engage in plant-stimulated discovery activities.
Group cohesiveness is fostered, encouraged, and developed throughout the year.
Group collaboration is necessary for the highest levels of achievement.
Group communication concentrates on the small group of three to seven persons.
Group communication exists among three or more people who have some common purpose.
Group communication is a well-known solution for providing reliable and secure communication.
Group communication is just one form of group survival information.
Group communication is vastly different in semantics than stream-based semantics.
Group communication makes coordinating, contacting, and dispatching individuals and groups simple.
Group communication primitives for multimedia.
Group communication using electronic mail is very different from ordinary meetings.
Group conflict tends to occur later when the demands are less.
Group conflicts can affect academic achievement as well as social relationships.
Group consciousness is a collective awareness by an aggregate of individuals.
Group counseling based on the Positive Peer Culture modality occurs five days a week.
Group counseling can also address concerns about family separation, divorce, grief, and loss.
Group counseling continues to be a popular format for presenting PERS options to members.
Group counseling involves meeting with two or more other individuals and one or two therapists.
Group counseling is a participation course.
Group counseling is an effective form of counseling that addresses a variety of student concerns.
Group counseling is an excellent way to work with students on a variety of issues.
Group counseling is available for large groups of travelers.
Group counseling is available to students who meet the predetermined criterion.
Group counseling is available.
Group counseling is free.
Group counseling is important for emotional support and for learning from one another's experiences.
Group counseling is offered for students with similar issues who have an interest in participating.
Group counseling is provided for students as needed.
Group counseling is second-best to individual counseling.
Group counseling offers a broad range of insight and support from peers and professional counselors.
Group counseling offers some unique opportunities to address personal issues and learn new skills.
Group counseling provides a supportive environment for individuals to enhance personal development.
Group counseling provides support from others struggling with the same problems.
Group counseling requires extended time for relationships among the couples to develop.
Group counseling Takes many forms.
Group dates allow young teens to interact with the opposite sex in a safe environment.
Group dates are a good way to get to know a new partner.
Group data offer opportunities to look at trends over time and to look at groups in general.
Group development requires the continued involvement of, and commitment from, group members.
Group dynamic is treated by warriors as progress.
Group dynamics are complicated and can make or break a team.
Group dynamics are explored and minimum environmental impacts are practiced.
Group dynamics are similar to that of a family - supportive, accepting and caring.
Group dynamics can be very important in achieving success.
Group dynamics help to solidify the concepts and provide encouragement.
Group dynamics help to uncover certain issues and elaborate on others.
Group dynamics includes leadership, com- munication, presentation, and persuasion skills.
Group dynamics is a powerful instrument in social change.
Group dynamics is an important part of the project.
Group dynamics is what allows for social interactions.
Group dynamics keep overall system usage fair.
Group dynamics take over, which is half of what getting along at work is all about.
Group dynamics vary from culture to culture.
Group dynamics vary.
Group E are fish that have long thin bodies and have full fins.
Group E leads discussion.
Group effectiveness is an excellent topic for an in-service session.
Group effectiveness is critically important to organizational success.
Group events are in afternoon time slots.
Group fitness instructors work jobs.
Group formation requires a great deal of thought and preparation.
Group home encourages clients to improve independent living skills.
Group homes are a strange place to grow up in.
Group homes are homes in which all persons share the responsibilities of living.
Group homes are often necessary in adulthood.
Group homes are open to people when they are released from a psychiatric hospital .
Group homes are open to people when they are released from a psychiatric hospital.
Group homes can come and go very rapidly.
Group homes have two caregivers, a provider, and an assistant.
Group homes offer a safe, structured, and supportive environment.
Group homes provide one option.
Most group homes serve four to six individuals.
Some group homes escape scrutiny for even the most basic regulations.
Group hunting is a joke.
Group hunting is also important in raising the young.
Group hunting is important in many human societies, however.
Group hunting is less important in primates.
Group hunting is often dependent on their species and the pod they belong to.
Group hunting is popular, but some hunters still prefer to go solo.
Group hunting requires quite a high degree of co-ordination and communication.
Group hysteria is a reality as much as any self imposed barrier to better health.
Group identities are a fascinating subject, but groups are no more than the sum of their parts.
Group identity becomes more important than the exercise of free speech.
Group identity tends to be defined by contrast to other groups.
Group insurance is almost always cheaper than individual plans.
Group insurance is also available.
Group insurance is generally the least expensive kind.
Group insurance is insurance
Group insurance is insurance.
Group insurance is optional.
Group insurance plans b.
Most group insurance is employment-based.
Group intelligence beats individual intelligence.
Group leadership embraces more sectors.
Group leadership is a fundamental component to any well-organized council.
Group leadership is practiced.
Group lessons are a good source of motivation.
Group lessons are a great place to begin.
Group lessons are a great way to enjoy learning to play tennis.
Group lessons are also a big favorite here.
Group lessons are also available for adults and children on a variety of riding levels.
Group lessons are also available for children and adults.
Group lessons are also available for voice and piano.
Group lessons are also available.
Group lessons are available at various times of the day, five days a week.
Group lessons are available for alpine skiing, snowboarding and nordic skiing.
Group lessons are available for beginning players.
Group lessons are available for children and adults.
Group lessons are available on a wide variety of instruments and levels.
Group lessons are good or just group get-togethers to practice.
Group lessons are optional, but highly recommended.
Group lessons are part of the course requirements for all instrumental ensembles.
Group lessons are perfect for beginners.
Group lessons are probably the most common format in which kids learn tennis.
Group lessons are usually cheaper.
Group lessons can also be good, especially for the younger skater.
Group lessons can be a very effective way to learn an instrument.
Group lessons increase both lesson and overall income to the facility.
Group lessons increase lesson and overall income to the facility.
Group lessons provide interaction with others of the same ability level.
Group lessons ranging from first-time beginners to advanced sailing are available on a daily basis.
Group lessons run for five weeks.
Group lessons run throughout the school year.
Group lessons seem too dangerous to bystanders.
Group lessons take place daily in grades one to four, but after that they are less frequent.
Group lessons take place several times throughout the year.
All group lessons require a two-person minimum to receive the full two hours.
Group members care for offspring.
Group members engage in behavior.
Group members have characteristics.
Group members maintain contact.
Group members play roles.
Group members study areas.
Group members study follow areas.
Group members will have excellent opportunity.
Group members will have opportunity.
Some group nouns are singular, and others are plural.
Group of motions determines the conservation laws - the fundamental principles of physics.
Group of people talking, laughing, music is heard in background.
Groups of people are capable of crowd elevators.
Groups of people are groups of people.
Groups of people are located in conferences.
Groups of people are located in meetings.
Groups of people are mobs.
Groups of people are often at the site.
Groups of people can come together and come up with things that are beyond one person.
Groups of people can exchange files and work together.
Groups of people can talk at each person's convenience.
Groups of people crowd around to listen while the players practice before the contest.
Groups of people detrain with their mountains of supplies.
Groups of people fight against it hoping to bring it down.
Groups of people form teams and play in a series of kick ball games.
Groups of people form tribes and live by themselves, sometimes bartering with other tribal groups.
Groups of people huddle together braving the elements . . . to have a smoke.
Groups of people love to put rocks out there.
Groups of people make short work of our mailings.
Groups of people meet here for religious, cultural and educational purposes.
Groups of people offer cover.
Groups of people seem to be what guides the whims of today's society.
Groups of people seem to intimidate bears.
Groups of people sharing a landline in the same house also have their own mobile phone.
Groups of people show open contempt for judgments handed down by our judicial system.
Groups of people sit in rooms and listen to experts talk.
Groups of people sit on the rocks here and there, enjoying the never-ending sunlight.
Groups of people sitting round a table can take part using a conference phone.
Groups of people tend to surround things to get a better view.
Groups of people wage war and affect the conduct of war.
Groups of people work to restore the natural habitat of the salmon.
Groups of people work together to create shared libraries of information.
All groups of people practice traditions unique to themselves.
Any group of people can adopt a road.
Any group of people can ask for a meeting with the editorial board.
Any group of people can create a community garden.
Any group of people is welcome to implement their own rule if the situation arises.
Any group of people needs guidelines to get along with each other in community.
Any groups of people can combine their electric load.
Every group of people has their own unique features that can be identified in a humorous way.
Many groups of people agree on lists of principles .
Many groups of people agree on lists of principles.
Many groups of people are susceptible to abuses of their human rights.
Many groups of people have legends about the mockingbird.
Some groups of people are more likely to be sexually abused than others .
Some groups of people are more likely to be sexually abused than others.
Some groups of people are more vulnerable than others to health risks from climate change.
Some groups of people can be more susceptible to the chemicals that can build up in fish over time.
Some groups of people hang out on certain places relatively often.
Some groups of people have a harder time dividing members of their society into age stages.
Groups of peoples worship in different styles and forms.
Group one begins class.
Group one has an IV of one, group two has an IV of two, etc.
Group one is the larger size baits.
Group one is wider, and more floristically diverse with distinct high and low marsh sections.
Group operations encompass real estate, construction, retailing and hotel businesses, among others.
Group orders are the responsibility of the group leader.
Group orders receive a pair of complimentary tickets.
All group orders are subject to ticket availability.
Group permissions apply to everyone else with the same group number .
Group permissions are cumulative.
Group permissions are therefore important to allow or deny write access to the data space.
Group permissions control what members of a group that owns a file can do to it.
Group plans are also available for brokers and association executives to cover their staff.
Group plans are available through employers and associations.
All group plans require a common relationship to exist between plan sponsor and the insured's.
Most group plans have an upper limit on the benefit amount.
Most group plans offered by an employer have eligibility and preexisting condition clauses.
Most group plans require employees to contact their employer's personnel office to add dependents.
Group policies are available for large or small yachts and maritime vessels with three or more crew.
Group policies are usually less expensive than individual policies.
Group policies cover named insureds under the policy as well.
Group policies have different rules than policies purchased by individuals.
Group policies tend to offer the lowest rates.
Many group policies let employees change to an individual policy within a month of departure.
Some group policies exclude coverage for impotence of any type.
Group presentation can be very time-consuming but do force to really think through the issues.
Group presentations are a good way of motivating an audience.
Group presentations are also available by request.
Group presentations are also available.
Group presentations are an effective use of class time.
Group presentations are available upon request.
Group presentations are available.
Group presentations are welcome.
Group presentations begin.
Group presentations continue in class.
Group presentations continue.
Group presentations mean even more.
Group pressure begets compliance conformity .
Group pressure can overcome people's' disinclination towards bars.
Group pressure is a natural phenomenon and one that is difficult to resist.
Group pressure is very hard to resist.
Group pricing is available.
Group process examines whether the presence of groups effects the attitude of individuals.
Group process is affected.
Group process is also part of life here.
Group process is covered as well as working in teams.
Group process is emphasized throughout the day.
Group process is investigated as it relates to the individual's ability to communicate.
Group process leads to a spirit of cooperation, coordination, creativity and enhanced outcomes.
Group process offers diverse perspectives.
Group process requires time.
Group processes are a valid means of prioritising needs.
Group processes are a valid technique to prioritise needs.
Group processes are private.
Group psychology is completely different from the more rational, measured responses of individuals.
Group psychotherapy can be helpful.
Group psychotherapy can be very powerful.
Group psychotherapy involves a small group of students who share similar concerns or problems.
Group psychotherapy is a completely different experience from other forms of therapy.
Group psychotherapy is both insight-directed and cognitive.
Group psychotherapy is effective and appeals to many patients and doctors.
Group psychotherapy is no different.
Group psychotherapy is psychotherapy
Group psychotherapy is the other common type of outpatient modality.
Group psychotherapy makes much of silence, and our fear of it.
Group relations are consolidated, and the plans and purposes can be furthered more intelligently.
All group relations have positive elements of attraction and negative ones of repulsion.
Group representations are really only a special case of category representations.
Group research trips through out the year.
Group rights are the negation of individual rights.
Group rights cancel out individual rights by mandating unequal treatment.
Group rights promote differences and stereotypes.
Group selection can favor altruistic phenotypes.
Group selection removes patches of trees one-quarter to two acres in size.
Group sex presents women with certain benefits that neither dating nor relationship sex offers.
Group shelters are available for reservation.
Group signatures are anonymous and unlinkable.
Group signatures have many practical applications such as e-commerce.
Group singing encourages diverse children to work together as a team, and to support one another.
Group singing is an enjoyable pastime that motivates and eases language learning.
Group singing is one of life's great joys.
Group singing is the way to engage and energize people in a positive way.
Group size affects patterns of aggression in larval salamanders.
Group size appears to be a key factor to the success of an online discussion.
Group size can also affect the group's overall behavior.
Group size can also influence our behavior.
Group size can be greatly reduced by a good trigger, just ask a bench rest shooter.
Group size can vary .
Group size can vary from eight to twelve guests.
Group size can vary from two to a maximum of six friends who want to enter together.
Group size depends on class size.
Group size depends on environmental characteristics.
Group size depends on the desirability of the habitat.
Group size depends on the length of the class period and the length of the assignment.
Group size fluctuates during the first several meetings until a core group emerges.
Group size influences the quality of infants experience in child care in numerous ways.
Group size is a function of relative neocortical volume in nonhuman primates.
Group size is a key factor.
Group size is a major aspect of their social environment.
Group size is affected by habitat structure and tends to increase with water depth.
Group size is affected by habitat.
Group size is an important variable for success.
Group size is an issue.
Group size is critical.
Group size is determined by the number of beds being filled.
Group size is dictated by the number of feeding spaces.
Group size is flexible and the project is appropriate for all achievement levels.
Group size is flexible.
Group size is important for metabolic economy and growth of young.
Group size is important.
Group size is kept small, each workshop enrolling eight to ten physicians.
Group size is limited and pre-registration is required.
Group size is limited and reservations are accepted on a first come first served basis.
Group size is limited and reservations are required.
Group size is limited for each of the field programs.
Group size is limited for most storytimes.
Group size is limited so early registration is strongly recommended.
Group size is limited so please call early.
Group size is limited to a maximum of eight persons.
Group size is limited to a maximum of eight.
Group size is limited to a maximum of nine students.
Group size is limited to allow for individualized participation.
Group size is limited to allow for questions and discussion.
Group size is limited to eight children.
Group size is limited to eight guests and all meals are included.
Group size is limited to eight guests and all meas are included.
Group size is limited to eight guests and one guide accompanies the group throughout.
Group size is limited to eight people.
Group size is limited to eight persons.
Group size is limited to fifteen children.
Group size is limited to fifteen persons per group, traveling on established trails.
Group size is limited to fourteen.
Group size is limited to improve the chances of spotting eagles.
Group size is limited to maintain teacher-student ratios of one to six.
Group size is limited to nine people.
Group size is limited to no more then eight people.
Group size is limited to six for best results.
Group size is limited to six members.
Group size is limited to six participants.
Group size is limited to six per trip.
Group size is limited to six to eight couples.
Group size is limited to six.
Group size is limited to ten people per site.
Group size is limited to ten people so early sign-up is recommended.
Group size is limited to ten persons to minimize impacts on the environment and other visitors.
Group size is limited to ten with one to two moderators.
Group size is limited to three students.
Group size is limited to twelve participants for each trip.
Group size is limited to twelve participants.
Group size is limited to twelve people per permit.
Group size is limited to twenty travelers.
Group size is limited, so call early.
Group size is limited, so early application is important.
Group size is limited, so sign up early.
Group size is limited, so workshops often fill early.
Group size is limited.
Group size is negotiable.
Group size is normally between three and a maximum of five, thus allowing everybody to get involved.
Group size is normally small.
Group size is one of the factors that helps create an effective peer-response group.
Group size is restricted to a maximum of twelve hikers.
Group size is small and students receive individual attention and program modification as needed.
Group size is small to enhance learning and confidence.
Group size is small with a maximum of four guests.
Group size is small.
Group size is strictly limited.
Group size is ten to fifteen.
Group size is the maximum number of children in one group.
Group size is three to five people plus one trained spiritual director.
Group size is under review and management is the most critical factor.
Group size is unimportant, unless it is very bad.
Group size is usually between four and nine riders.
Group size is usually limited.
Group size is variable depending on habitat and human disturbance.
Group size is very flexible.
Group size is very limited, so call the library now for more information or to register.
Group size is very limited, so reserve well in advance.
Group size needs to be addressed.
Group size ranges from one person to twenty.
Group size remains constant regardless of lesson goals.
Group size seems to fluctuate greatly.
Group size varies from trip to trip.
Group size varies week to week.
Group size varies with habitat type and seems to depend largely on the productivity of the area.
Group size varies with the quality of the local habitat.
Group size varies.
Group sizes are limited and some activities are very popular.
Group sizes are limited to eight, with custom trips built for groups of six or more.
Group sizes are limited to minimize our impact on the environment.
Group sizes are limited.
Group sizes are small and our tours are popular.
Group sizes are small and staff to student ratios are low.
Group sizes are small so itineraries are flexible.
Group sizes are small so that each child and family receive individual attention.
Group sizes are smaller in order to provide more individualized attention.
Group sizes are strictly limited.
Group sizes are typically a maximum of six, to ensure plenty of personal attention.
Group sizes change according to the season.
Group sizes increase with habitat openness and resource availability.
Group sizes range between six and sixteen passengers plus two crew.
Group sizes range from a small ten-person minimum to large groups with hundreds of members.
Group sizes range from six to ten people with insomnia.
Group sizes vary according to each program.
Group sizes vary depending on the season and habitat.
Group sizes vary enormously and average sizes are much lower in schools than in colleges.
Group sizes vary with population density and season.
All group sizes are welcome.
Group solidarity correlates to a great extent with animosity toward an out-group.
Group structure varies from equal partnerships to limited partnerships to solo contract holders.
Group structures occur in the theoretical study of most natural sciences.
Group technology is based on clustering parts which have similar features.
Group tests assess a very narrow range of knowledge, skills, and neurodevelopmental functions.
Most group tests have two significant limitations.
Group testing consists of a series of questionnaires to be filled out.
Group testing is a technique for identifying a few significant items out a large pool of items.
Group testing is encouraged.
Group testing is very popular.
Group testing requires additional time, but most students finish by noon.
All group testing is done by appointment only.
A group theory is science
Group theory can be though of as the study of symmetry in the abstract.
Group theory can easily tell which are infrared or Raman-active.
Group theory crops up in various musical contexts.
Group theory has many applications in science, especially in physics and crystallography.
Group theory has some small applications in musics, art and architecture.
Group theory is a branch of mathematics which studies symmetry.
Group theory is a clear example of abstraction in modern mathematics.
Group theory is a particularly fertile field for the design of practical algorithms.
Group theory is a powerful mathematical technique for studying symmetry.
Group theory is also useful in studying the symmetry of molecular orbitals .
Group theory is also useful in studying the symmetry of molecular orbitals.
Group theory is developed from first principles and applied to molecular systems.
Group theory is introduced as an aid for understanding spectroscopic selection rules.
Group theory is much used for the study of molecular symmetries.
Group theory is paleontology.
Group theory is the mathematics behind the representation of all modern physics.
Group theory is the most popular idea .
Group theory is the most popular idea.
Group theory requires only that a mathematical system obey a few simple rules.
Group therapy allows for lower fees.
Group therapy assures both support and challenge.
Group therapy brings patients together to share experiences and draw support from one another.
Group therapy can also be a very comforting and effective means of treatment as well.
Group therapy can also be beneficial.
Group therapy can also be helpful.
Group therapy can also be very helpful, even the treatment of choice in some situations.
Group therapy can be useful to individuals who are enduring similar stress.
Group therapy can have many benefits.
Group therapy can help.
Group therapy can only serve as supplement.
Group therapy can take a variety of forms.
Group therapy enables the patients to interact with the therapists and with other patients.
Group therapy focuses on individual dynamics and group process.
Group therapy has the advantage of lower cost.
Group therapy helps people improve their interpersonal relationships.
Group therapy involves people with similar illnesses.
Group therapy involves the simultaneous treatment of several or more clients in a group.
Group therapy involving the concurrent participation of other therapy disciplines is also available.
Group therapy is a common method of treatment for teenagers and adults.
Group therapy is a highly effective and underutilized intervention for many dilemmas.
Group therapy is a highly effective way to resolve many types of difficulties.
Group therapy is a valid method of treatment for many psychopathologies.
Group therapy is a way of providing help to more than one patient at a time.
Group therapy is also a popular treatment approach.
Group therapy is also an integral component of direct service.
Group therapy is also available.
Group therapy is also very helpful for children.
Group therapy is also very similar to the benefits that are derived from counselling.
Group therapy is always a good way to treat survivors of sexual abuse.
Group therapy is always in session in the basement.
Group therapy is an attractive choice also because it costs less than individual therapy.
Group therapy is an optional component of treatment.
Group therapy is another form of help that provides crucial peer support.
Group therapy is difficult, since the individual is likely to point out the defects of others.
Group therapy is especially useful for clients who have had one or more psychotic breaks.
Group therapy is extremely effective.
Group therapy is hell squared.
Group therapy is highly desirable.
Group therapy is most beneficial after the mother has recovered from severe depression.
Group therapy is often helpful.
Group therapy is often more efficient than individual therapy for two reasons.
Group therapy is powerful stuff.
Group therapy is provided for many of the adolescents.
Group therapy is provided weekly along with individual counseling sessions as needed.
Group therapy is psychotherapy
Group therapy is psychotherapy.
Group therapy is recommended, but individual therapy is useful for some offenders.
Group therapy is second-best to individual therapy.
Group therapy is supervised by one senior therapist, with regular visits by the program director.
Group therapy is team approach and a truly cooperative effort.
Group therapy is the preferred modality.
Group therapy is the primary mode of service.
Group therapy is the primary treatment modality.
Group therapy is unique in that each member gains by contributing to the growth of others.
Group therapy is used to teach the residents to support, confront and help each other.
Group therapy is very helpful in the eating disorder patient.
Group therapy occurs on a daily basis, and individual counseling is provided when indicated.
Group therapy offers clients the possibility of receiving treatment at a reduced cost.
Group therapy offers many therapeutic advantages.
Group therapy offers the opportunity to use new communication skills in a comfortable setting.
Group therapy provides a forum for peer support and discussion.
Group therapy provides clients with a unique avenue for therapeutic change.
Group therapy provides support, encouragement, and sometimes an element of hilarious fun.
Group therapy seems to be highly effective.
Group therapy seems to be most effective for college-aged patients.
Group therapy uses interaction among group members to initiate change.
Group therapy uses meetings of from several to a dozen clients with one or two therapists.
Much group therapy is done in programmatic settings.
Group tour is available.
Group tour planning information is available by request.
Group tours are also a favorite with many senior travelers because they often meet new people.
Group tours are also available and there is no admission fee.
Group tours are also available for large parties.
Group tours are also available in Spanish, French, Italian, and German.
Group tours are also available throughout the year by reservation.
Group tours are also available with prior notice.
Group tours are also available.
Group tours are always welcome, but require a reservation.
Group tours are always welcome.
Group tours are available - reservations are required.
Group tours are available all year round.
Group tours are available all year.
Group tours are available all year-round.
Group tours are available and can be requested online .
Group tours are available any day of the week with advance reservations.
Group tours are available at any time during the year.
Group tours are available at no charge but require advance notification.
Group tours are available at other times by contacting the park.
Group tours are available at special rates.
Group tours are available but again - please do call ahead.
Group tours are available by advance appointment.
Group tours are available by advance request.
Group tours are available by advanced reservation.
Group tours are available by appointment and can be conducted outside regular museum hours.
Group tours are available by appointment for a minimum of ten guests.
Group tours are available by appointment for a nominal fee.
Group tours are available by appointment for groups of eight or more.
Group tours are available by appointment only.
Group tours are available by appointment.
Group tours are available by contacting the museum in advance.
Group tours are available by contacting the museum is advance.
Group tours are available by pre-arrangement and fee.
Group tours are available by pre-arrangement.
Group tours are available by prior arrangement.
Group tours are available by prior reservation.
Group tours are available by request and can include refreshments.
Group tours are available by request.
Group tours are available by reservation for adults and high school students.
Group tours are available by reservation.
Group tours are available by special appointment at times other than the regular visiting times.
Group tours are available by special request.
Group tours are available during the week.
Group tours are available for a fee.
Group tours are available for both students and adults.
Group tours are available free of charge.
Group tours are available if scheduled in advance.
Group tours are available of the brewery.
Group tours are available on request.
Group tours are available on weekdays by prior reservation.
Group tours are available on weekdays by reservation.
Group tours are available outside of regular library hours.
Group tours are available seven days a week year-round.
Group tours are available throughout the year with advance notice.
Group tours are available throughout the year.
Group tours are available upon request.
Group tours are available weekdays by appointment, for a fee.
Group tours are available with a reservation.
Group tours are available with a two week advanced notice.
Group tours are available with advance notice.
Group tours are available with advance registration.
Group tours are available with advance reservation.
Group tours are available with advance reservations.
Group tours are available with advanced reservations.
Group tours are available with guide and support vehicle.
Group tours are available with notice.
Group tours are available year-round by appointment at a discounted rate.
Group tours are available, and the center has a gift shop with many authentic arts and crafts.
Group tours are available, and the museum store offers a very nice selection of gifts and souvenirs.
Group tours are available.
Group tours are by appointment only and one week advance notice is required.
Group tours are by appointment only.
Group tours are by appointment.
Group tours are by arrangement.
Group tours are generall self-guided unless other arrangements are made.
Group tours are in standard hotels.
Group tours are led by our trained docents also allow for a more interactive experience.
Group tours are on the hour by reservation.
Group tours are our specialty.
Group tours are possible anytime with prior arrangements.
Group tours are preferred.
Group tours are welcome and can be accommodated.
Group tours are welcome and guided tours can be arranged.
Group tours are welcome at the center.
Group tours are welcome by appointment.
Group tours are welcome by reservation.
Group tours are welcome by special arrangement.
Group tours are welcome with advanced reservations.
Group tours are welcome, although advance reservations are appreciated.
Group tours are welcome.
Group tours call for advance reservations.
Group tours call in advance.
Group tours can include a snack of tea and cookies.
Group tours have advantages and disadvantages.
Group tours receive VIP treatment.
Group tours require advance reservations.
Group tours sponsored by travel agencies also are popular.
All group tours are by appointment only.
Group tournaments are welcome.
Most group translocation requires energy.
Group work adds perspective to news, broadcasting classes.
Group work allows for peer tutoring and explanations.
Group work allows kids to try out new approaches to old problems.
Group work allows students to move about the room.
Group work allows students to observe, imitate, and learn from each other.
Group work builds trust in social situations.
Group work can allow students greater say in what tasks they do.
Group work can be a homework problem session.
Group work can be difficult to tutor.
Group work can be fun and and an effective way to learn, provided it is done correctly.
Group work can be hard to assess.
Group work can be useful at any stage of the writing process.
Group work can disadvantage members of some ethnic or other minorities.
Group work can free the teacher from the role of instructor and controller.
Group work continues to be an important part of the treatment.
Group work does require structure as well as freedom.
Group work encourages culturally diverse students to work together toward common goals.
Group work exposes students intimately to the ideas and approaches of others.
Group work follows.
Group work gives students an opportunity to practice the language.
Group work happens in class.
Group work helps improve communication skills and faces students with different ways of thinking.
Group work helps students with social skills, learning skills, and communication skills.
Group work helps with social skills, learning skills, and communication skills.
Group work improves quality rather than quantity.
Group work includes class presentations and mini-performances.
Group work increases the likelihood of breaking denial.
Group work increases the retention and understanding of the material.
Group work is a bonus.
Group work is a critical component of the course.
Group work is a good teaching method because it is self-policing.
Group work is a good way for students to interact with the instructor and each other.
Group work is a great way for the students to develop socially.
Group work is a great way to motivate students toward a more active approach to learning.
Group work is a part of life, no only in academia, but in most workplaces as well.
Group work is a realistic way of building team skills, trust and communication skills.
Group work is a specialty.
Group work is a very effective activity for teaching English to Japanese students.
Group work is a very effective tool to use when the teacher plans and organizes it ahead of time.
Group work is acceptable, but page count is multiplied by the number of people in the group.
Group work is also a counselling option where appropriate.
Group work is also fast replacing the tradition of the individual scientist working in isolation.
Group work is also more likely to meet individual student needs.
Group work is also quite common in some subject areas.
Group work is an essential part of the workshop, and collaboration is also encouraged on homework.
Group work is an important part of learning.
Group work is an inexpensive, exciting and uniquely effective form of psychotherapy.
Group work is an integral part of the course.
Group work is both issue and process focused.
Group work is common in preschool through the primary grades.
Group work is done cooperatively and includes assigning jobs and making decisions.
Group work is done in 'problem-solving studios'.
Group work is done on a few out of class projects.
Group work is emphasized, including in-class presentations.
Group work is encouraged and supported.
Group work is encouraged on homework .
Group work is encouraged.
Group work is encourages so that students canmodel for each other.
Group work is enhanced in new ways too.
Group work is essential, because it helps the student learn to work with others.
Group work is essential.
Group work is fun and rewarding.
Group work is good.
Group work is here to stay.
Group work is important as it provides teens a non-judgmental environment in which to learn.
Group work is integrated into one project.
Group work is intended for specific purposes, namely productive learning.
Group work is intended to provide opportunities for generating solutions through team dynamics.
Group work is interdisciplinary.
Group work is limited to max.
Group work is meant to be accomplished as a group.
Group work is no different.
Group work is often messy.
Group work is ok and encouraged.
Group work is OK so long as each acknowledges it.
Group work is one way to work toward such a goal.
Group work is possible.
Group work is really hands on work where the brain and the body are actively engaged.
Group work is required for selection projects.
Group work is required.
Group work is set to begin.
Group work is similar in that it's a community of learners model.
Group work is used in basic shop operations classes to explain information covered in the text.
Group work leads to production of a half-hour studio newscast.
Group work makes a tremendous impact on students' lives.
Group work means the collaboration of a number of individuals to undertake some kind of project.
Group work occurs in half-day or daylong segments.
Group work occurs in the context of team projects in several courses.
Group work poses a real problem.
Group work promotes social integration and recognition in the community.
Group work provides opportunities for group validation.
Group work provides safety and protection.
Group work provides students with opportunity to practice conversation.
Group work provides the antidote to that.
Group work requires co-operation.
Group work requires equal effort from each group member on each assignment.
Group work requires the support of every group member to develop outstanding results.
Group work seems to be going very well.
Group work takes place both inside and outside of the classroom.
Group work takes precedence and encourages co-operation and consideration among the young.
All group work makes for a boring training session.
A group is an entity
Group accounts by category.
Group accounts subscription account.
Group activities a couple times a month.
Group adequately completes all required elements of the party.
Group adequately completes and integrates all required elements of the party.
Group advising occurs in specific methods courses.
Group agrees on certain rules or norms, to guide their deliberations.
Group agrees tough message to Belgrade.
Group aims to educate the community about native plants.
Group annually adopts a family through Friends Outside , providing staples and gifts.
Group appears to be happy with the language.
Group appears to have had branches in numerous countries around the world, especially in England.
Group approaches in social work practice with adults of all ages.
Group approaches to consultation and advocacy.
Group are often concerned with cursing and brave acts, and form elite memberships.
Group are ongoing, meeting weekly.
Group are with the check but furnish pool billiards.
Group arranges periodic community forums focusing on breast cancer treatment.
Group asks town to help in effort to fix up lighthouse.
Group assessments underway.
Group assignments on assessing relevance of available products with respect to the context.
Group assumes all risks regarding the determination of whether any content is in the public domain.
Group attempts to retain people forever.
Group attends planetarium show.
Group based from Minnesota comes in handy.
Group beakers together to contrast the four colors.
Group begins to move in stages.
Group begins with a meal, then proceeds to group.
Group begins with meal, then proceeds to group.
Group believes that changing technology brings the potential for a new human era of progress.
Group benefits including life, health and dental.
Group benefits that save money on insurance, freight rates, and telecommunications charges.
Group boxes together that belong in the same room.
Group breaks up for subcommittee meetings.
Group browsing An instructor or the floorholder can lead the group through different web-sites.
Group builds on one another's ideas.
Group calendaring and scheduling is a tough problem - and there are a lot of solutions.
Group call one in seven to one in nine weekends.
Group calls for an end to violence and start to dialogue.
Group campsites available by reservation only.
Group campsites available.
Group campsites in Joshua Tree National Park are available by advanced reservations.
Group campsites with water, restrooms and shower facilities nearby.
Group campsites, for parties of seven to ten people, require advance reservations.
Group can book additional events at group rates.
Group can combine their categorized parts.
Group changes by price in dollar or percent with rounding to nearest dollar.
Group changes from founding basis.
Group charters a specialty.
Group charters for groups of any size are available.
Group charters our Specialty.
Group charters welcome.
Group chooses from fiction and nonfiction books.
Group chores alphabetically.
Group claims of legitimacy greeted by derision.
Group classes available on or offsite, call for price quote.
Group click on fields together and group text fields together wherever possible.
Group climbing instruction and recreation is available.
Group clips into tens and ones.
Group coaching more closely resembles the real team-based nature of work.
Group co-leaders are responsible for scheduling meetings and leading discussions.
Group collaborates and constructs the introduction.
Group collects cans to help underpriviledged .
Group combined with individual therapy is generally better than individual therapy alone.
Group comes up with a title for a story.
Group communicates ideas well.
Group conducts evaluation and offers entertainment halfway through program.
Group conducts research and training courses.
Group conferencing options Current conferencing options on the Web are somewhat limited.
Group connects within that racquetball racquets.
Group considers name change .
Group consists of guitar, bass, and drums.
Group consists of several farm, ranch and residential brokers.
Group constructs and formation.
Group contains both colored and uncolored maps.
Group continues to slowly decay.
Group controls logically so that users can focus on one area of the form at a time.
Group controls using a frame.
Group coordinate conversion system.
Group courses twice weekly.
Group covers all strokes plus match play.
Group cows according to nutrient needs and feed accordingly.
Group cows according to production and adjust body condition accordingly during lactation.
Group creates a report presenting the personal feelings and objectives of the volunteer soldiers.
Group creates momentum for break dancers to spin, propel, or whip around on back, belly, or sides.
Group critiques writing projects aimed for publication on an annual basis.
Group critiques, individual appointments, guest lecturers.
Group critiques, slide lectures, and labs are essential ingredients of the course.
Group debriefings following exposure to traumatic stress.
Group decides about speakers and specific topics.
Group decides for itself how to proceed.
Group decides how to record data.
Group decides route and miles.
Group decides who is responsible for the function.
Group demonstrates some knowledge of their role.
Group departs school for airport.
Group designates a spokesperson and arrives at a majority answer and reports findings to class.
Group determines route and distance.
Group directs and provides ground control at air shows and other fyl-in's.
Group discounts available .
Group discounts available for a group of twenty or more.
Group discounts available for five or more students who enroll together.
Group discounts available for four or more people.
Group discounts available for regular performaces.
Group discounts available for some classes.
Group discounts available on all instruction - inquire.
Group discounts available on all trips.
Group discounts available on single tickets for groups of ten or more.
Group discounts available, please call or write for information.
Group discounts available, reservations recommended.
Group discounts available.
Group discounts avaliable.
Group discounts for five or more girls are available.
Group discounts for ten or more.
Group discounts from gasoline to groceries.
Group discounts on apparel, cross pens, jewelry, balloons, bumperstickers and more.
Group discounts on application.
Group discounts on insurance, travel, retail, merchandise, etc.
Group discounts on parts.
Group discounts on rentals, please call in advance.
Group discounts on request.
Group Discounts Take advantage of group purchasing discounts to help cut operating costs.
Group discounts year-round.
Group discusses different models for presentations and interactive workshops.
Group discusses outcome of process.
Group discusses police-student relations at campus forum.
Group discusses the meaning of the poem.
Group discusses their T-shirt design.
Group discusses top-rated items.
Group discusses womens rights .
Group discussions about character traits.
Group distrusts group.
Group dives up to four people.
Group dives, theme parties, social events, contests and prizes are just a part of the adventure.
Group divides into two sections.
Group donates to school programs.
Group drumming is a seamless exercise in which each tone complements the others.
Group drumming tunes our biology, orchestrates our immunity, and enables healing to begin.
Group eats the dinner it itself has prepared.
Group editing features improve the upgrade's capability in small team environments.
Group educates church and community with the Catholic view of the true value of human life.
Group effects on help-giving in an emergency.
Group electives Select two courses total from two different groups.
Group embraces the combination of qualities that distinguish the school.
Group encourages students to do science projects on the pond.
Group endorses Macedonian territorial integrity iii.
Group ends with SM to indicate statute miles.
Group enjoys dinner and an occasional phreatic explosion as lava flows into sea.
Group evolves while generation changes.
Group executes presentation without major faltering.
Group exercises and critiques.
Group exercises and discussions that examine stereotypes of race, gender, sexual orientation.
Group exercises and handouts focus on motivation and recognition.
Group exercises and mini programs.
Group exercises and role playing.
Group exercises culminating in individual production of a film with sound by each student.
Group exercises in rhythm and work in percussion ensemble.
Group exercises in the class room illustrate the information found in the reading.
Group exercises on themes such as truth, beauty and goodness, designing new commandments, etc.
Group exercises partly in practical time.
Group exercises pertaining to the day s subject matter.
Group exercises, case studies, extensive writing and speaking assignments.
Group exhibits locally, make charity quilts, teach community groups, etc.
Group exists to promote individual rather than reverse.
Group exists to raise an awareness of mission and social justice within the parish community.
Group expenses in general categories.
Group expenses into accounts or categories and set monthly budget amounts.
Group experiences in working on selected problems in anthropology.
Group explains and discusses.
Group explores maintaining healthy relationships, parenting issues, and balancing commitments.
Group facts together.
Group fails to elicit required visitor feedback.
Group falls under the Halides.
Group features by categories, i.e. human-made, natural features.
Group features keyboards, guitar, sax, bass, and drums.
Group feels however that mediate delivery is wanted by our patrons.
Group fights to preserve historical market.
Group figures with similar formats together where possible to save space.
Group files with common filenames together into their own folders.
Group first does leader's name and motion and then second person's name and motion.
Group fixes and additions.
Group focuses on social activities and education.
Group focuses on that totem salmon.
Group focuses on the emotional aspects of coping with cancer.
Group forces children to play.
Group forgets to include important subgoals when planning.
Group forms to end software chaos .
Group friendships of the same sex are most common.
Group gardens Consist of individual or collective plots in an enclosed area.
Group gets in a line at the edge of the playing space.
Group gets pitch, sings.
Group gets shooting instruction at the range.
Group gives ideas to protect waterway .
Group gives the mentor no information on which to base an evaluation.
Group gives the standard controls for tidying the appearance of a dialog box.
Group gives up weapons for tax exemption.
Group goes in twos until complete.
Group goes on various trips to museums, skating, hockey games, restaurants etc.
Group goes outside to dig at the given coordinates and to find their treasures.
Group guides available through reservation.
Group has about half of sales.
Group has option to do own cooking.
Group has repertoire of show tunes and marches, with other variety thrown in.
Group hayrides through forest trails with western BBQs.
Group heads South.
Group heifers separately within several weeks of calving.
Group helps parents deal with stress.
Group helps the gardens by supporting research, education, and public outreach.
Group Here are some additional guidelines to help with engaging the case analysis process .
Group holds celebration of holy days on campus They left their shoes at the door.
Group holds fellowship events for seniors.
Group holds monthly meetings in the peninsula area.
Group holidays our specialities.
Group hopes to promote patriotism in the process . . .
Group houseplants together in a sink or bathtub.
Group housewares to contrast colors, shapes, and sizes.
Group hsg with cooking fac. is provided.
Group hunts with hunting dogs.
Group identifies significant problems and makes Recommendations to the chair as needed.
Group ignores major sources of feedback.
Group includes a meal with children, play time for children and time of sharing.
Group includes donkeys and burros but the term usually is used only for the wild versions.
Group includes guitar, brass, strings, as well as vocal performances.
Group includes three high school state champions.
Group includes three kings and a bishop.
Group incorporates both traditional and contemporary music.
Group indicate physician code and physician name on a separate line printed before the detail lines.
Group indicates the group ownership of the file.
Group influences on eating and dieting behaviors in male and female athletes .
Group influences on eating and dieting behaviors in male and female athletes.
Group influences on eating and dieting behaviors in male and female residence members .
Group influences on eating and dieting behaviors in male and female residence members.
Group influences on individual behavior in student groups .
Group influences on individual behavior in student groups.
Group influences on individuals and therapies.
Group influences on the helpfulness of accident witnesses.
Group inquires into free-market and libertarian ideas as well.
Group integrates new knowledge and develops nutritional care plan for the patient.
Group is a collaboration of European professional musicians and select Miami faculty and students.
Group is a collection of unsupported software and documentation for use by all students.
Group is a family of individual and specialized companies designed to work as one.
Group is a good place to find back tests.
Group is a group name.
Group is a group of companies at the service of businesses.
Group is a number used by the kd-tree search routine.
Group is a particular group of users.
Group is a place to be student and teacher, and to gain in confidence.
Group is active in three segments of the advertising industry.
Group is also available.
Group is also largest operator of similar plant in adjoining country.
Group is among the most important plant feeding mites causing damage to cultivated and wild plants.
Group is an independent, interdenominational publisher.
Group is an internet and telecommunications application service provider.
Group is appropriate for all levels of fitness, ideal for beginners and intermediate walkers.
Group is available to Perform.
Group is believed to receive support from Iran.
Group is comfortable with disagreement.
Group is comprised of students, staff and faculty.
Group is conducted for eight weeks and offered at least three times per year.
Group is designed to promote the beauty and well-being of the area.
Group is directed by A. Tzyal'kova.
Group is divided into subgroups.
Group is divided into two teams.
Group is facilitated by a counselor.
Group is facilitated by a professional licensed therapist.
Group is for high school age swimmers from local to national level.
Group is for patients and their families.
Group is free.
Group is given opportunity to add further comments as an addendum to the report.
Group is Great.
Group is hesitant to plan in lieu of the reconfiguration effort.
Group is in process of being restructured.
Group is in the process of organizing now.
Group is intended for discussion of the composer, obviously.
Group is interesting to say the least.
Group is led by a grief counselor.
Group is led by professionals and trained volunteers.
Group is limited to fifteen only.
Group is limited to fourteen people.
Group is member run and requires a coordinator.
Group is more and less than individual therapy.
Group is mostly couples of all ages.
Group is non-profit with volunteers dedicated to the preservation of local history and genealogy.
Group is obviously too vague a word.
Group is offered on an as-needed basis.
Group is ongoing with no set limit on the number of sessions.
Group is open to all who have lost a loved one and are grieving.
Group is open to anyone with a desire to stop drinking.
Group is responsible for guest admittance during their scheduled event.
Group is responsible for room setup and cleanup.
Group is responsible for structural characterization of protein.
Group is responsible for tent rental.
Group is run by the teens, and has an adult supervisor.
Group is scheduled on an as-needed basis.
Group is small to facilitate sense of safety .
Group is such an effective way to help people heal.
Group is the largest investor owned water utility in the western states.
Group is the most popular magazine for youth ministry.
Group is the space group name or number in International Tables.
Group is to be for fun and little profit.
Group is to provide refreshments and decorations, if desired.
Group is to remain within the bounds of lead and tail motorcycle riders.
Group is to select a secretary and leader.
Group is totally prepared and organized.
Group is unchanged if missing, but changed to login group if implied by a period.
Group is unmoderated.
Group is well known in the community with excellent referral base.
Group is X-ray source.
Group isa entity.
Group joins the advanced session in the afternoon.
Group keywords together for organization.
Group learning activities also reflect contexts and processes outside the classroom.
Group learning allows for student interaction, sharing, and experimentation.
Group leaves for Atlanta.
Group lessons available individual lessons are preferred.
Group lessons available, Five-day course.
Group lessons for all levels, developing skills in technique, musicianship, and repertory.
Group lessons with the ballroom club.
Group libraries together to build virtual union collections for resource sharing and cataloging.
Group lines together where it makes sense.
Group link arms in a circle around a chair or cushion.
Group listening to the broadcast is preferred because the group can then discuss what was presented.
Group listens intently to brief overview of sponsoring organizations.
Group listens to feng shui lecture in Forbidden City.
Group listens to the advice of others.
Group listens without discussion or comment with an interval of reflection in between comments.
Group lists A chart showing who is in which group and what pages they have decided to read.
Group lobbying however, is more successful .
Group logs document group problem solving and dynamics.
Group looks for ijolite, sodalite, and the pegmatite.
Group lunches to go with advance notice.
Group makes final appraisal of the project.
Group makes final decision.
Group makes leaders feel unwanted.
Group makes little or no attempt to assess what information is needed to complete the project.
Group manages the plant fossil database.
Group means are centroids.
Group meets .
Group meets alternate months.
Group meets and plays in Scotland.
Group meets as needed.
Group meets as required.
Group meets at various times during the week.
Group meets bi-monthly.
Group meets bi-weekly.
Group meets downstairs in the large meeting room.
Group meets during year for programs.
Group meets every month.
Group meets every six weeks.
Group meets every three months.
Group meets for a guest speaker and stein auction followed by a brief meeting and luncheon.
Group meets for support, education, and fellowship.
Group meets monthly at above address.
Group meets monthly during the school year.
Group meets monthly for Bible study, fellowship and prayer.
Group meets monthly for potluck social.
Group meets monthly.
Group meets monthy.
Group meets occasionally.
Group meets on Sundays.
Group meets once a month.
Group meets once a week.
Group meets quarterly.
Group meets six times a year.
Group meets three times during the year.
Group meets to compile and edit text.
Group meets to share poetry.
Group meets twice a week for twelve weeks.
Group meets twice a year.
Group meets twice yearly.
Group meets weekly for one hour.
Group meets weekly in the gallery.
Group meets weekly to draw from the live model.
Group meets weekly.
Group moves at the pace of the slowest rider.
Group moves available.
Group moves to air-raid shelter where conditions are more severe.
Group mutually spottiness alternatively microfiche tv dinner headrest .
Group needs input of ITAC and others.
Group needs to be formed.
Group needs to choose a leader and assign tasks.
Group needs to decide on important groupings.
Group needs to go through file layouts.
Group needs to stay together unity.
Group notices emailed - only one hard copy posted.
Group now speaks Spanish.
Group objects by color or by shades of green.
Group objects into classes.
Group objects into layers or groups , copy or move objects between layers and groups.
Group objects into layers or groups , copy or move objects between layers or groups.
Group objects into layers.
Group objects into ones, tens, and hundreds.
Group objects or events according to some method.
Group objects when appropriate.
Group objects with their dependencies.
Group observes a variety of objects through available telescopes.
Group offers an excellent compensation package and opportunities for career advancement.
Group offers fleet management systems for transit and public safety operations.
Group offers free train rides to public in summer.
Group offers help, advice for parents.
Group offers referrals, counselor's education and certification programs.
Group offers speakers on various topics, group trips and more.
Group offers support, encouragement and opportunity to network.
Group offers two tracks, one for adults and one for children.
Group oligonucleotides in ascending order by length, along with appropriate markers.
Group operates busy pain center in area.
Group opts to litigate rather than negotiate .
Group owns their own nuclear camera and free-standing cath lab.
Group packages available for a variety of activities.
Group packages available for all occasions.
Group packages available.
Group pairs together in groups of fours to share their responses.
Group participates in a modified Middle Pillar Rite.
Group pays for administrative time and expertise.
Group pays for the guaranteed number or the number served, whichever is higher.
Group pens for older heifers exist in two other barns.
Group pens generally require higher stockmanship skills.
Group performs at local venues.
Group picnicking facilities and a bicycle trail are available.
Group pictures around a cross.
Group pictures together.
Group placers in three countries.
Group plans activities to increase group membership and exposure for the group in the community.
Group plans available.
Group plans far outnumber individual insurance plans.
Group plans in industry, with coverage emphasizing the managerial point of view.
Group plans Marian pilgrimage to shrines of Ireland .
Group plans together based on similar water needs.
Group plans, like the ones offered through employers, are usually the most affordable.
Group plants into high and low water users.
Group plants together according to their water needs.
Group plants together and place in the bathroom or near the kitchen sink.
Group plants together so they can benefit from moisture that evaporates from each-other.
Group plants together to create a mass of color.
Group plants together to create habitats attractive to birds.
Group plants together with similar water needs.
Group plants together with similar water requirements.
Group plants together, based on similar water needs.
Group plants together.
Group plants with like light and soil requirements together.
Group plants with like water needs together.
Group play allows dogs to socialize with the other residents of the inn.
Group play among meerkats often leads to a furry ball of tangled body parts.
Group play usually involves a few rules.
Group play with close supervision in a warm and open setting.
Group points raw.
Group practices for assessing a proposal using problem and objectives analysis.
Group presentations Much of our professional activity involves working with others.
Group presents report to the class.
Group presents to class.
Group processes .
Group processes in computer-mediated communication.
Group processes in new product teams.
Group processes in organizational contexts.
Group processes in the classroom .
Group processes in the classroom.
Group processes in the teaching of high school psychology.
Group processes like coordination, effort expenditure, and task strategy .
Group produces posters, leaflets and an annual report.
Group promotes harm reduction, especially in prisons.
Group provide information about treatment and coping skill in an open and positive atmosphere.
Group provides a legal perspective on additional insured issues.
Group provides all the necessary tools and training.
Group provides an opportunity to benefit both through active participation and through observation.
Group provides care at two hospitals.
Group provides information about community mental-health services outside Jefferson County.
Group provides information on women's health and advocates for women's health projects.
Group provides one adult leader on shore for every ten participants.
Group provides one leader to assist each instructor.
Group provides one leader to assist with supervision.
Group provides own transportation for off-site field trips.
Group provides own transportation to launch point.
Group provides personal and interpersonal challenges but can also be fun and full of laughter.
Group provides picture prayer card reminders for various countries.
Group provides the following advice on configuration decisions.
Group provides web design in ANY AND ALL formats needed.
Group Publishes a magazine with many helpful articles on youth ministry.
Group publishes a variety of youth ministry resources.
Group punishments to pay for the sins of any pledge who dared break house rules.
Group pursues additional data after selecting an hypothesis of group interest.
Group raises funds to assist with creating water systems.
Group ranges overlap with the ranges of many other groups.
Group ranges overlap, but intergroup interactions are avoided.
Group rates special incentives for groups of ten or more.
Group rates three days before and after the meeting are subject to availability.
Group reaches decision by consensus.
Group reads and follows instructions, each student is willing to perform the experiment.
Group reads pre-selected titles.
Group receive the ability to concentrate solely on selected channels and ignore unwanted ones.
Group receives their T-shirts and decides to continue the team through the sophomore year as well.
Group recommends the program continue but as a separate entity.
Group records what type of information is found on the food labels.
Group references into categories as suggested below.
Group refers to all accounts having the same group number as a particular owner.
Group refers to our classroom as well as to our families.
Group refers to the corresponding group based on race and national origin.
Group refers to use by a group of students, usually over a network.
Group refusals to deal by rivals targeting one or more of their suppliers or customers.
Group rehearses twice weekly and prepares a thematic concert of music.
Group rejects some negative feedback, and members have difficulty accepting advice.
Group relamping is a bright idea to save costs and lighten a building's energy bills.
Group releases top ten list.
Group remains intact.
Group remains unmoderated, spam continues to pour in unabated.
Group repeats the warning so that everyone hears the message.
Group rephrases the information on that artifact and reports back to the class.
Group reports .
Group reports and path forward.
Group reports on all employees and job candidates for HR managers.
Group reports rights violation in Mexico .
Group reports, presentation and documentation.
Group reports, presentation, and documentation.
Group reports, short papers, no exams.
Group representations on spaces of distributions.
Group represents the most effective treatment in many situations.
Group rereads old story for fluency.
Group residences for children .
Group resources to quickly view availability and make reservations.
Group responds and makes adjustments when correction is needed.
Group responds negatively to unfavorable information.
Group responds to feedback and seeks information from other sources.
Group responds to victims of crimes and their families.
Group responses .
Group responses The minority classification, however, included a sample of all minority students.
Group responses to the following.
Group results for sex, region, and size of community.
Group results into a user-defined number of clusters based on similarity.
Group results No group - default.
Group results with and without hearing aids.
Group retrieves samples and begins learning to pan.
Group returns a the group it belongs to, e.g. servers.
Group rides and other activities are available.
Group rides during the winter on the River Road are very haphazard.
Group rides together.
Group rides, plus training rides and time trials for road races.
Group rides, tech sessions, vendors, raffles, swap meet and more.
Group rides, tours, races, clinics, and bike festivals are commonplace events.
Group rows and columns into submatrices that are indexed by modules or classes.
Group runs .
Group runs an orphanage, elementary school, health center, and library.
Group runs and instruction happen in a fun, low-stress environment.
Group runs and mechanisms for finding groups of people to run with.
Group runs throughout the semester.
Group say or private tells are for personal, non-raid issues or goofing off.
Group says label warning of choke hazard is needed.
Group says name of child to be tagged so group works together.
Group searches for dendrites on fracture surfaces.
Group searches for large quartz crystals.
Group seating at lectures is also available by reservation, as space allows.
Group seeking limits on union campaign fund-raising also submits names.
Group seeks ban on vinyl chloride use to curb dioxins .
Group seeks OK to use small amounts of drug.
Group seeks preventative solutions for risks, threats to internet security.
Group seminars to discuss projects and other topics of current interest in physics and astronomy.
Group serves as a critiquing vehicle.
Group shifts with infinite alphabet.
Group shots A long distance shot.
Group shots versus extreme close ups.
Group show featuring seven artists.
Group shows and emerging artists.
Group shows arranged by appointment.
Group shows by reservation.
Group shows knowledge in using all tools needed to complete lab.
Group shows little knowledge about the topic, disorganized presentation.
Group shrieks bloody murder, wants assistant principal dismissed or hanged, whichever comes first.
Group shuttles, weddings, etc.
Group sits are usually one hour long and are held regularly in a local old student's house.
Group sits around a computer and work on it together .
Group sits in a circle.
Group skills aside, they evince canny business sense.
Group skills with in the process.
Group skis out to the roadhead on the last day.
Group solicits feedback and new developers, then iterates on the design-release cycle.
Group speaks more English than Spanish during the presentation.
Group splits randomly, prepares, and conducts debate.
Group splits up on the hard intervals, and re-groups at top.
Group sponsors hunting and fishing activities and does conservation projects.
Group sponsors scholarships to students in Montana studying geophysics.
Group sponsors special training events by nationally known experts for parents and teachers.
Group stands in a circle, all with the rope in their hands and blindfolds on.
Group starts a power chant which grows as the blade is slowly lowered into the chalice.
Group starts itself at beginning of each meeting.
Group stays focussed and productive.
Group stays in church with showers arranged off-site.
Group stays organized that way.
Group stays through lunch.
Group stays vary in length from an afternoon to week-long.
Group stops when time is called.
Group strands together and tie into bows, etc.
Group students with like opinions.
Group studies Final methods presented to the class.
Group studies In-class work on details of methods.
Group studying can create stress among students.
Group subjects together.
Group supplies one apple per student.
Group supports educational and health-related projects in Israel and the United States.
Group surfaces together into movable, rotatable, scalable units.
Group swear Train among an wealth near none secretary.
Group takes collective responsibility for program outcomes.
Group takes out petition to put ban on same-sex marriage in state constitution.
Group takes turn guessing what's missing.
Group talks together about the info.
Group tastings with appetizers.
Group taxis for up to ten people are available for intercity travel.
Group tell against several nature that causing wilson putter.
Group tends to accommodate itself to cultural standards.
Group terms one and two, and also terms three and four.
Group tests for cholesterol and triglycerides.
Group think .
Group think is another related phenomenon.
Group think is the grotesque potential of a global brain gone bad.
Group think ruled the day.
Group throws cubes and makes a sentence using words shown.
Group timers together in one block along with multiplexors.
Group together courses comprising the minor.
Group together fight, oppose.
Group together plants having similar irrigation requirements.
Group together plants with similar water and sunlight needs.
Group together plants with similar water needs.
Group tours all year around with group rates available.
Group tours available other hours.
Group tours Available upon request during the week.
Group tours availble.
Group tours daily by appointment.
Group tours every three weeks.
Group tours for children preschool through primary grades.
Group tours for the general public are available by appointment.
Group tours for train ride require advance notice.
Group tours on all parts of Kauai, airport transfer service, and limousine service are available.
Group tours on request.
Group tours on the back of a lorry-bus to remote destinations.
Group tours only by appointment.
Group tours only.
Group tours to and from Orlando and other Florida destinations.
Group tours to remote places.
Group tours upon request.
Group tours welcome with reservations.
Group tours with a docent and group rates are available.
Group tours with advanced arrangements only.
Group tours with demonstrations are available everyday by reservations .
Group tours with docents available.
Group tours with hands-on activities, and workshops on tinsmithing and herbs available.
Group tours with lunch and historical lecture series available.
Group tours with multi-lingual guides.
Group tours with reservations.
Group tours year-round by advance reservation.
Group tours year-round by appointment.
Group travels around and rescues animals from other shelters.
Group treks up the mountain in cleanup effort.
Group tries to guess the feeling being displayed.
Group tries to resolve differences without dominating the dissenter.
Group trips from various bases out to sea.
Group trips to nearby cities.
Group trips with expenses shared when interest warrants.
Group turns in map to the teacher for final prize.
Group turns in one time line per group.
Group tutoring in a variety of entry level subjects is offered.
Group tutoring in introductory subjects is available in the evening hours.
Group uses four dialysis units.
Group uses some fillers to keep speaking going.
Group varies from beginner to experienced.
Group vases together, each with a single flower.
Group viewing of audio-visuals is permitted in carrels if the material is on Media reserve.
Group visas for short stays.
Group visits all year by rendez-vous.
Group visits Another concept that has received attention is group visits.
Group visits gardens and gardening shows and classes.
Group visits on appointment.
Group visits on request.
Group visits possible outside regular opening hours when booked in advance.
Group visits to artists' studios.
Group visits to exhibitions and conferences in UK and Mainland Europe.
Group visits to prisons.
Group visits to the archives and introductory talks by staff.
Group voices environmental concerns.
Group votes to accept or reject for admission.
Group walking provides support and helps to build group motivation to get and to stay fit.
Group wants to restore lighthouse.
Group welcomes new members.
Group work e.g. examination of case studies.
Group work especially in a large class has one very well-known weakness.
Group work The beginning of the quarter was slow start.
Group work The plan is for students to work in groups.
Group work throughout the course.
Group workouts too often degenerate into unstructured races at the most inopportune times.
Group works at same time .
Group works diligently throughout the entire activity.
Group works if everyone wants to be part of it.
Group works to ensure lots of wing nuts get appointed to the bench.
Group works to feed hungry Buying a new house can do more than just put a roof over someone's head.
Group works to improve curriculum at state colleges.
Group works together in an orderly way and members lend help and support to one another.
Group works together to answer the question so that all can verbally answer the question.
Group works well and is able to complete task with few stoppages.
Group works well together, spends most time on task.
Group works with a broad spectrum of customers.
Group workshops for two hours, two days per week.
Group workshops on career planning and job searching.
Group workshops to prepare for communication presentation.
Groups act out the fairy stories they have told in mime only.
Groups act out the story in mime.
Groups actively works to protect the privacy of our members and prevent unsolicited email.
Groups add a male and female cricket.
Groups address life stages.
Groups adopt at least a one mile stretch of highway.
Groups adopt at least a two-mile stretch of highway for a minimum of two years.
Groups agree media has negative impact.
Groups agree to adopt two miles for two years.
Groups allow administrators to allow a group of users access to a particular system resource.
Groups allow for intimacy and accountability.
Groups allow for type-checking of certain mobility properties, as well as effect analyses.
Groups allow logical groupings of users into groups that share common features.
Groups allow operators to categorize controllers according to any desired criteria.
Groups allow people to share different perspectives and receive support from many different sources.
Groups allow selective activation of certain privacy preferences depending on triggers.
Groups allow students to hone their interests and join others.
Groups also are welcome to reproduce neighborhood directories every other year.
Groups also arise as ways of representing symmetries of an object.
Groups also avoid service charges.
Groups also begin to take on more social and political themes.
Groups also bus up from Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas.
Groups also can reserve docent-led guided tours and planetarium sky show viewings.
Groups also carry out solidarity actions for each other.
Groups also control and distort information from the outside.
Groups also discuss topics of research that their team is interested in.
Groups also earn money for ads, Web searches, and purchases that originate on their pages.
Groups also enjoy a unique team building experience in an outdoor setting.
Groups also examine abiotic factors in the same study site.
Groups also fund raise to help defray their costs.
Groups also go to the movies and find other ways to socialize.
Groups also has a list for more general discussion of Victorian fiction .
Groups also have a notion of a default element , which can be useful.
Groups also have hearing conservation projects.
Groups also have the opportunity to reserve meeting space for pre-event functions.
Groups also have their own agendas, traditions, and special concerns.
Groups also help individuals develop social and interpersonal skills.
Groups also hosts live chats during road games.
Groups also instill a sense of support and hope, with members learning from each other.
Groups also makes it easy to store photos and files, coordinate events and more.
Groups also makes it easy to store photos and files, coordinate events, and more.
Groups also meet in community centers or churches.
Groups also meet on an as-needed basis at both Traverse City junior high schools.
Groups also offer an environment of acceptance and can lessen feelings of isolation.
Groups also oscillate at edges.
Groups also participate in cross-cultural dialogue with local teens.
Groups also plan and participate in tours and education and restoration activities.
Groups also present the course project to the class.
Groups also provide a pool of volunteers.
Groups also provides the ability to share photos and files, plan events, and send newsletters.
Groups also rent the space for other uses, from acting classes to church services.
Groups also report their decisions to the class.
Groups also serve as a place to safely experiment with new ways of interacting with others.
Groups also showcase their shows on campus prior to tour.
Groups also spend time on field trips within the community.
Groups also submit weekly code reviews and status reports.
Groups also take canoeing and backpacking trips away from camp property.
Groups also undergo a quality control training session annually.
Groups also vary in their composition.
Groups also welcome.
Groups also write up their findings which are compiled into a final report.
Groups analyze and write editorials.
Groups analyze case studies.
Groups analyze diet ads.
Groups analyze sample health assessment .
Groups analyze sample health assessment.
Groups analyze tobacco and alcohol advertising images and strategies.
Groups appeal hwy.
Groups appear and recur.
Groups appear in the Navigator tree after they are created.
Groups appear mutually exclusive, territorial, and agonistic toward one another.
Groups appear to have been non-randomly assigned.
Groups appreciate the close proximity of buildings on campus.
Groups are a big thing.
Groups are a core feature of organizational life in today's libraries.
Groups are a form of counseling that many students find to be dynamic, exciting, and effective.
Groups are a good thing.
Groups are a great way for kids to learn from and support one another.
Groups are a lot less maneuverable than single elements.
Groups are a minimum of ten.
Groups are a pervasive fact in organizations.
Groups are a powerful way to deal with issues of trust and problems in relationships.
Groups are a useful tool, but, once again, planning is so important.
Groups are a way to foster communication.
Groups are a wealth of information regarding coping skills.
Groups are a wonderful way to raise children.
Groups are able to respond immediately to viewer questions and refer people to needed services.
Groups are abstraction.
Groups are according to ability.
Groups are active on many New York State campuses and in the Washington, DC area.
Groups are adaptable, climbing in forest, terrestrial in savannah.
Groups are all the time being born and evolving and dying.
Groups are also a more visible search target when held together.
Groups are also a source of new experiences, information, and insights.
Groups are also an ideal way for investment clubs to get together between meetings.
Groups are also available for parents of older children.
Groups are also available for therapists only.
Groups are also available to provide support and services for friends and family members.
Groups are also eligible.
Groups are also helpful to the caregiver that asks questions of the other members.
Groups are also responsible to produce web notes as well.
Groups are also welcome anytime by prior arrangement.
Groups are also welcome but proceedings are facilitated if one person acts as the spokesperson.
Groups are also welcome for fun or teambuilding.
Groups are also welcome to sign on for a week or more.
Groups are also welcome to tour or hike Crawford Lake on their own.
Groups are also welcome to visit the park for self-guided expeditions.
Groups are also welcome, and the train is available for charter, too.
Groups are also welcome.
Groups are always audio taped.
Groups are always forming Below is a short list of groups that plan work camps every year.
Groups are always informal, usually led by a facilitator with help from group members.
Groups are always open to new members.
Groups are always welcome and so are children.
Groups are always welcome during operating hours.
Groups are always welcome in Old Town Spring.
Groups are always welcome with meeting room and cooking facilities available.
Groups are always welcome.
Groups are an effective way to organize and quickly retrieve a subset of records.
Groups are an efficient and effective way to achieve positive client outcomes.
Groups are an indispensable way of maintaining morale among campaigners at a grassroots level.
Groups are asked to make reservations, call for rates.
Groups are assigned to individual cabanas and towel service is provided daily.
Groups are at various locations in Cincinnati and a training program is required.
Groups are at work trying to define the desired contents of student and auxiliary portals.
Groups are available at no charge to all registered students.
Groups are available for adults, teens and children.
Groups are available for children and youth.
Groups are available for couples, men, ladies and singles.
Groups are available for support.
Groups are available in all boroughs of New York City.
Groups are available in skills training for parenting difficult children.
Groups are available to full and part-time students.
Groups are available when appropriate.
Groups are between two and seven stamps long.
Groups are both experiential and didactic.
Groups are both global and local.
Groups are both virtual and regional, based around common interests, professions or experiences.
Groups are both virtual and regional, based on common interests, professions, or experiences.
Groups are busy doing their secret action planning.
Groups are collections of identities.
Groups are collections of shadow classes and other groups.
Groups are collections of users who can share access permissions for protected resources.
Groups are comparable, on average , on all predictors of outcome.
Groups are complex communities, with social and emotional challenges for students.
Groups are compose of several fully mature males, numerous females and their offspring.
Groups are confidential and free of charge.
Groups are confidential.
Groups are constructs.
Groups are controlled by a dominant male.
Groups are cool.
Groups are Determined.
Groups are devoted to music, sports, etc.
Groups are different from one to one.
Groups are different, too.
Groups are difficult to compare since length of leaves depends upon sample size.
Groups are diverse.
Groups are divided according to age level and ability.
Groups are divided according to position, number of employees and business size.
Groups are divided according to the ages of the children.
Groups are divided by level, then skating order is determined by a blind draw.
Groups are dynamic, flexible, and change on a regular basis.
Groups are e.g. length, mass, volume, temperature, cooking volumes.
Groups are easily visible.
Groups are easy to administer, thanks to shared group directories.
Groups are easy to be in.
Groups are easy to get started.
Groups are easy to join and exit.
Groups are efficient receiving mechanisms .
Groups are eligible to receive grants up to three years in a row.
Groups are eligible to reserve the bus once per year.
Groups are emotional and irrational.
Groups are encourage to repeat the bannering for maximum impact.
Groups are especially helpful as a way to cope.
Groups are especially welcome.
Groups are essential parts of human existence.
Groups are essential.
Groups are everywhere.
Groups are flexible.
Groups are focused on the common needs of the students included and are flexible and changeable.
Groups are for family members only, except for one group that includes patients.
Groups are for feedback and support, yet the support can be addictive.
Groups are four people, all boys or all girls.
Groups are free and childcare is provided.
Groups are free and for persons of all faiths.
Groups are free and include transportation, child development activities and refreshments.
Groups are free and open to families of former hospice patients as well as members of the community.
Groups are free but donations are accepted.
Groups are free of charge and anonymous.
Groups are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
Groups are free to choose any problem.
Groups are free to devise their own means for coming to a consensus on the top priorities.
Groups are free to further subdivide themselves as necessary.
Groups are free to provide their own colored paper.
Groups are free to use any visual aids available to clarify their explanations.
Groups are free to use the camps kitchen facilities, dishes, utensils and sports equipment.
Groups are free, confidential and open to new participants at any time.
Groups are free.
Groups are fun, casual and in a comfortable setting.
Groups are generally from two to six, with maximum being twelve.
Groups are generally necessary to plan and take forward projects.
Groups are generally responsible for installation and maintenance.
Groups are generally time limited.
Groups are genetic realities and are in competition for genetic survival and proliferation.
Groups are good forums for giving or receiving information.
Groups are good.
Groups are groups only for moving.
Groups are hard at work in several countries.
Groups are heterogeneous in terms of reading and writing ability.
Groups are heterogeneous, and all students are actively involved.
Groups are highly stable, and the dominant male retains leadership for years.
Groups are homogeneous within, but distinct from, other strata.
Groups are homogeneous.
Groups are important for protection and social support.
Groups are important for the evolution of galaxies and of large-scale structures.
Groups are important in Japan.
Groups are in progress nationwide.
Groups are in selected schools and community groups statewide.
Groups are independent.
Groups are informal and led by volunteers.
Groups are informal.
Groups are interactive.
Groups are intergenerational, mix families with singles, and meet in homes or restaurants.
Groups are just as quick to detect changes in the environment affecting the matter at hand.
Groups are life stage appropriate and run by professional social workers.
Groups are limited and fill up quickly.
Groups are limited and last for about an hour to an hour and a half each session.
Groups are limited to a dozen or so riders.
Groups are limited to a maximum of five to six riders to allow for personalized instruction.
Groups are limited to a maximum of four students.
Groups are limited to a maximum of twelve.
Groups are limited to booking one meeting per month.
Groups are limited to eight people.
Groups are limited to eight persons and the duration is three nights and two days.
Groups are limited to eight students and meet for an hour each week.
Groups are limited to fifty participants.
Groups are limited to five adults.
Groups are limited to five students for more personal attention.
Groups are limited to five students.
Groups are limited to five women per clinic, creating a friendly, casual atmosphere.
Groups are limited to four people per car.
Groups are limited to four students so that participants can receive personalized attention.
Groups are limited to fourteen and personal instruction and guidance is given in each class.
Groups are limited to fourteen for safety reasons.
Groups are limited to just ten participants with guide to insure a quality experience.
Groups are limited to no more than a hundred people.
Groups are limited to no more than four players.
Groups are limited to no more than three customers sharing a workstation.
Groups are limited to one lobby space per day.
Groups are limited to one regularly scheduled meeting per month.
Groups are limited to room capacity.
Groups are limited to seven guests and the guide.
Groups are limited to six people each.
Groups are limited to six women who meet monthly to hear experts on running a business successfully.
Groups are limited to six, excluding accompanying teachers.
Groups are limited to ten campers and three staff.
Groups are limited to ten students per instructor.
Groups are limited to the first thirty students each day, so it is important to register.
Groups are limited to the stated capacity of each room.
Groups are limited to thirty students accompanied by one adult for every ten students.
Groups are limited to three fund-raisers in the first six weeks of classes.
Groups are limited to three people per station.
Groups are limited to twelve advanced skiers.
Groups are limited to up to six people to ensure personal attention and a good learning environment.
Groups are lists of users and are created by the system.
Groups are lists of users.
Groups are lucky in the spring.
Groups are mathematical objects which can be used to describe the symmetry of structures.
Groups are mechanisms that help manage access control for PURLs and domains.
Groups are mixed.
Groups are monogamous pairs and their off-spring.
Groups are more likely to be heard than individuals.
Groups are more then welcome.
Groups are most likely to be asked to sign a joint contract.
Groups are most useful in the Netscape calendar client.
Groups are multi-aged across two or more grade levels.
Groups are multi-disciplinary and membership is open to all members of the institution.
Groups are multi-purpose.
Groups are never larger than five.
Groups are no larger than eight, maximizing benefit.
Groups are noisier and easier for bears to detect.
Groups are nomadic without any fixed home range.
Groups are nothing but a set of search sites.
Groups are objects that relate to one another in some way.
Groups are often hundreds to thousands of feet thick and can be traced hundreds of miles.
Groups are often impatient to get on with the work.
Groups are often the arena for the exercise and application of social power and influence.
Groups are often the means people use to achieve their personal and interpersonal goals.
Groups are on a ten week module.
Groups are on the internet.
Groups are one and half hours durations and meet weekly through the year.
Groups are one of the most important aspects of local activities.
Groups are ongoing.
Groups are open continuously to new membership.
Groups are open ended and topic centers around what issues the group brings on that particular day.
Groups are open to all persons suffering with chronic pain.
Groups are open to anyone who has lost a loved one due to death.
Groups are open to both classified and unclassified staff, and there is no cost for attendance.
Groups are open to individuals with a variety of concerns and goals.
Groups are open to patients and family members.
Groups are open to the public and are free.
Groups are open-ended.
Groups are our specialty, large or small.
Groups are our specialty.
Groups are paired with another group and they swap challenge questions.
Groups are part of algebra.
Groups are part of molecules.
Groups are percetly free to create their own formats and topics.
Groups are persistant, ie.
Groups are powerful therapeutic tools for sexual abuse survivors.
Groups are pre-registers upon request.
Groups are pre-seated.
Groups are rather small.
Groups Are Real.
Groups are regular expression characters surrounded by parentheses.
Groups are responsible for all costs pertaining to their work project.
Groups are responsible for all costs pertaining to their work.
Groups are responsible for all transportation arrangements and costs.
Groups are responsible for all transportation costs.
Groups are responsible for all vehicle expenses including gas.
Groups are responsible for arranging for and purchasing any food or beverages.
Groups are responsible for bringing their own coffee, sugar, cream, cups, etc .
Groups are responsible for bringing their own supplies, setup, and cleanup.
Groups are responsible for cleaning any excessive mess and placing trash in the containers provided.
Groups are responsible for cleaning up after their meeting and leaving the room as they found it.
Groups are responsible for cleaning up after their meeting.
Groups are responsible for cleaning up after their meetings and leaving the room as they found it.
Groups are responsible for cleaning up after themselves.
Groups are responsible for clean-up following a meeting or event.
Groups are responsible for counting the number of books they collect.
Groups are responsible for exercising extreme care in their use and for disposing of all refuse.
Groups are responsible for guiding themselves between the various buildings.
Groups are responsible for informing dining services if an event is canceled.
Groups are responsible for leaving the facilities in order after use.
Groups are responsible for leaving the room in good order.
Groups are responsible for lost, stolen, or damaged equipment.
Groups are responsible for maintaining order and protecting library property.
Groups are responsible for picking up and returning equipment.
Groups are responsible for providing all necessary materials for conducting the test in class .
Groups are responsible for providing their own emergency transportation if needed.
Groups are responsible for providing their own food, drink, and supplies.
Groups are responsible for providing their own refreshments.
Groups are responsible for putting trash and garbage in dumpster and cleaning lodges and bathhouse.
Groups are responsible for recording each day and sending the data at the end of the week.
Groups are responsible for referencing support documentation with their Portfolio.
Groups are responsible for removing and storing materials and supplies.
Groups are responsible for removing and storing their materials and supplies.
Groups are responsible for removing any post-party refuse.
Groups are responsible for removing their posters and all tape when their reservation ends.
Groups are responsible for room set-up and breakdown.
Groups are responsible for running all the aspects of their presentations.
Groups are responsible for setting up and putting away tables and chairs.
Groups are responsible for setting up and taking down tables and chairs.
Groups are responsible for setting up chairs and tables in the meeting room.
Groups are responsible for setting up chairs, tables, etc.
Groups are responsible for set-up and take down of furnishings.
Groups are responsible for stuffing, sealing, stamping, and labeling mailed material.
Groups are responsible for the actions of their members.
Groups are responsible for the cost of damages beyond normal wear.
Groups are responsible for the cost of the trip.
Groups are responsible for the duplication of any lesson materials.
Groups are responsible for their own clean up.
Groups are responsible for their own meal preparation.
Groups are responsible for their own meals.
Groups are responsible for their own room arrangement.
Groups are responsible for their own room set-up and for supplying whatever equipment is needed.
Groups are responsible for their own transportation and meals.
Groups are responsible for their own transportation.
Groups are responsible for written report and oral presentation.
Groups are responsible to help each group member understand each homework problem.
Groups are responsible to help each member understand each homework problem.
Groups are same sex and consist of two leaders, six to eight students, and the parent host.
Groups are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Groups are self serving, ministries serve others.
Groups are self-guided after orientation by visitor center staff and introduction film.
Groups are self-selected and managed, with the following rules.
Groups are self-selected.
Groups are self-supporting.
Groups are sets.
Groups are simply better than individuals at ferreting out truth.
Groups are simply events happening at the same time.
Groups are simply groupings of users.
Groups are sites for enrichment and health.
Groups are small and always led by an experienced guide.
Groups are small and days are flexible.
Groups are small and meet in homes or other available meeting rooms.
Groups are small and non-competitive with individual attention to participants.
Groups are small and taught conversational-style by American and local professors.
Groups are small and the program is well planned.
Groups are small and there is interaction within a wide age range.
Groups are small and work from two to four hours per day.
Groups are small so that individual attention and immediate feedback can be provided.
Groups are small to allow for personal attention.
Groups are small to better facilitate the sacred space of healing.
Groups are small to ensure personal attention and fully supported by local porters.
Groups are small to personalize and customize the experience for each participant.
Groups are small with excellent staffing.
Groups are small with participants bookings as one, couples or small groups traveling together.
Groups are small, and a great deal of individual attention is given.
Groups are small, and all teachers are fully qualified and experienced.
Groups are small, informal and friendly.
Groups are small, itineraries are planned, and all arrangements made.
Groups are small, so it is difficult to generalize.
Groups are small, upbeat and results-oriented.
Groups are small, using art, music and discussion.
Groups are small, with membership changing throughout the year.
Groups are small, with no more than two children in care under the age of two.
Groups are small.
Groups are some of the most important algebraic structures in modern mathematics.
Groups are specialized because that's the topic they're interested in.
Groups are static collections within the hierarchy.
Groups are strange animal-like organisms which have a mind of their own.
Groups are stronger when they organize themselves .
Groups are subsets of records within a database.
Groups are successful when the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
Groups are such a great way to learn.
Groups are supremely useful for their members, for they fulfill our most basic needs.
Groups are terrific for skiers who have recently relocated or any skier without many skiing friends.
Groups are territorial, at least in some areas.
Groups are the building blocks of organizations.
Groups are the fundamental building blocks of handgun shooting.
Groups are the way SGML can be used to create related sets of elements.
Groups are then free to make any corrections before the final evaluation.
Groups are then ready to move toward action.
Groups are to append a copy of their business ethics case.
Groups are to be formed by the first class meeting.
Groups are to be found in each of the United States and all of the provinces of Canada.
Groups are to be limited to no more than five individuals.
Groups are to be stationed around the room, against the walls.
Groups are to build three containers of different shapes.
Groups are to follow whatever directions are on their values and goals sheet.
Groups are to include experts in all major styles of bowling.
Groups are to meet outside of class to begin working on their group projects.
Groups are to present their charts to the class for discussion.
Groups are to reconvene.
Groups are to share their distribution solutions with the class.
Groups are to stand in the middle of the playing field.
Groups are transitional as classrooms move through the curriculum.
Groups are typically heterogeneous.
Groups are typically smaller and comprise mature age students.
Groups are ubiquitous in today's highly interconnected society and workplace.
Groups are units.
Groups are unmoderated.
Groups are unstable with poor family bonding, allowing for active exchange of individuals.
Groups are useful and necessary in many situations.
Groups are useful to apply transformations or properties to a group of objects at once.
Groups are usually small.
Groups are usually very responsive to requests for information from students.
Groups are very cohesive and generally peaceable.
Groups are very important for Japanese schools, or among friends.
Groups are very important.
Groups are very welcome and special programmes can be arranged.
Groups are very welcome, and new banquet facilities have been added.
Groups are very welcome.
Groups are welcome all year round, if pre-announced.
Groups are welcome and discounts are available for two or more guest pilots.
Groups are welcome and encouraged to incorporate pictures, etc.
Groups are welcome and guided tours are available by appointment.
Groups are welcome and it's a great treat for all.
Groups are welcome and receive additional discounts.
Groups are welcome and receive discount rates for playing weekdays.
Groups are welcome and reservations are taken.
Groups are welcome and special arrangements can be made for groups during winter months.
Groups are welcome and special rates apply.
Groups are welcome and special tournaments complete with prizes can be arranged.
Groups are welcome and the home is wheelchair accessible.
Groups are welcome and they can organize their own schedule.
Groups are welcome anytime by appointment.
Groups are welcome anytime by reservation.
Groups are welcome as well as families and individuals.
Groups are welcome as well as individuals and families.
Groups are welcome as well, with private rooms available for parties of up to fifty.
Groups are welcome as well, with private rooms available for parties.
Groups are welcome at a special rate by prior arrangement.
Groups are welcome at any time by appointment.
Groups are welcome at other times by advance reservation.
Groups are welcome at other times if arranged previously.
Groups are welcome at other times with advance reservations.
Groups are welcome by advance reservation.
Groups are welcome by appointment, and there is an admission charge.
Groups are welcome by appointment.
Groups are welcome by arrangement.
Groups are welcome by reservation - please call two weeks in advance.
Groups are welcome for a guided tour of the company s archives.
Groups are welcome for domitory style accommodations.
Groups are welcome for library tours, programs, and research assistance.
Groups are welcome here and can take advantage of generous discounts.
Groups are welcome in any of our public shows, subject to availability and advance booking.
Groups are welcome in recreational categories only.
Groups are welcome mornings, afternoons or evenings.
Groups are welcome on advance notice.
Groups are welcome on Santa trains but no group discounts are available.
Groups are welcome throughout the winter by appointment.
Groups are welcome to bring a bagged lunch.
Groups are welcome to bring hotdogs etc.
Groups are welcome to bring materials for conferees.
Groups are welcome to bring refreshments.
Groups are welcome to bring their own naturalists.
Groups are welcome to donate door prizes.
Groups are welcome to organise a joint event.
Groups are welcome to pull up to the overflowing tables.
Groups are welcome to reserve a time any day to purchase their pumpkins.
Groups are welcome to schedule customized tours.
Groups are welcome to schedule special tours at other times.
Groups are welcome to set up their own displays.
Groups are welcome to tour and use the property at pre-scheduled times.
Groups are welcome to use the chapel for their own services.
Groups are welcome to volunteer for one-time, larger projects.
Groups are welcome with advance notice.
Groups are welcome with advance reservations.
Groups are welcome with deposit.
Groups are welcome with payment in advance.
Groups are welcome with reservations.
Groups are welcome year around.
Groups are welcome, and can visit the lovely gothic cloisters and the baroque church.
Groups are welcome, and the banquet facility is nicely integrated with the general dining area.
Groups are welcome, as are individuals and families.
Groups are welcome, as well as individuals and families.
Groups are welcome, as well as individuals.
Groups are welcome, bus parking is available.
Groups are welcome, but asked to schedule their visits well in advance.
Groups are welcome, but please call ahead.
Groups are welcome, but the gallery prefers advance notice of groups of more than six.
Groups are welcome.
Groups are what sociologists study.
Groups are, well, dynamic.
Groups arise in a wide variety of settings in different ways.
Groups arrange activities to suit the needs of their members.
Groups arrive accompanied by facility staff members who then remain with their clients.
Groups arriving in buses receive free parking.
Groups arriving on a motor coach receive a complimentary ticket for the driver.
Groups assemble at the main entrance.
Groups assemble in time for train.
Groups assess their effectiveness and identify areas for improvement.
Groups assign each student tasks to perform during the sampling.
Groups attend athletic events, go for ice cream, and interact on an individual basis.
Groups attending the conference can stay in several hotels in the area.
Groups automatically archive all messages.
Groups avoid the task at hand and emotional states hinder the task.
Groups backup documents for check distribution.
Groups base activities to the group needs and conditions of the day.
Groups become teams through disciplined action.
Groups become vital to re-establish a sense of safety and belonging.
Groups begin as needed.
Groups begin diorama when research and fact cards are complete.
Groups begin discussion of potential projects.
Groups begin early in the semester and are closed to new members once they begin.
Groups begin on time.
Groups begin thinking about their projects.
Groups begin to federate upwards on the basis of democracy, delegation and recallability.
Groups begin with small short-term loans.
Groups belong to their members.
Groups benefit from the ability to maintain a single address book for all of their contacts.
Groups benefit from the easy exchange of ideas and data files while working on the project.
Groups brainstorm and discuss each member's possible thesis.
Groups brainstorm and plan the survey questions.
Groups brainstorm and report back with their responses.
Groups brainstorm and report back.
Groups brainstorm community health services.
Groups brainstorm for possible ideas for a company symbol.
Groups brainstorm how they intend to implement the contract.
Groups brainstorm snacks.
Groups brainstorm the key success factors of the future.
Groups brainstorm ways that common materials can be reused.
Groups brainstorm ways to conserve resources and reduce pollution.
Groups brainstorm ways to prevent minor wounds and burns.
Groups bring all dishes, utensils, cookware and supplies.
Groups bring in taped commercials for discussion and critique.
Groups bring sleeping bags and sleep in church.
Groups bring the right gear.
Groups bring their own program.
Groups bring their own sleeping bags, towels, and food.
Groups bring their own towels and sleeping bags.
Groups call for information.
Groups campaigning for an end to animal experiments also support the move.
Groups can accept newcomers at any time, and meet at a variety of times.
Groups can access websites and share what they find.
Groups can act as a catalyst for education and mutual support to enhance decision making.
Groups can actually visit the assembly area under strict security.
Groups can add local meeting information and literature of special interest.
Groups can adopt a project and help youth solve problems locally around the world.
Groups can adopt areas for litter control and landscaping or just landscaping.
Groups can adopt two or more versions of bubble diagrams for the same section.
Groups can also arrange for popcorn, soda and other concession items at the theatre.
Groups can also arrange their own guided walks.
Groups can also arrange to have barbecues at the village.
Groups can also arrange to set up their own special training sessions.
Groups can also be a complicated minefield of interdependencies and weirdness if mismanaged.
Groups can also book a tour guide for a small fee.
Groups can also choose to do a fund-raising campaign to sponsor an animal.
Groups can also come to visit, do projects, play games, sing, etc.
Groups can also create open editions and versions, and generate deployed code.
Groups can also customize excursions.
Groups can also decide on priorities for their interactions.
Groups can also dine aboard open-air, candlelit cruisers.
Groups can also enjoy volleyball games, island bike tours and crab races, just for the fun of it.
Groups can also establish their own set of contexts.
Groups can also generate more ideas and possible solutions by discussing the problem.
Groups can also help teachers write funding proposals.
Groups can also hop in a watercraft and jet to one of the many nearby islands for dining or dancing.
Groups can also include resources.
Groups can also lend their facilities in times of disaster.
Groups can also make learning more fun and relaxed.
Groups can also make use of our outdoor campfire theater and pavillion.
Groups can also make use of the same repository for file sharing.
Groups can also participate in a variety of exciting workshops to enhance any performance.
Groups can also participate.
Groups can also plan activities like musical programs or presentations, paint nails, or curl hair.
Groups can also pressure individual members to accept the solution, even if they have doubts.
Groups can also rent the facility for their own equestrian events.
Groups can also request a guided tour in English or French.
Groups can also schedule an overnight stay in our dormitory.
Groups can also schedule chartered trips to special events.
Groups can also schedule visits.
Groups can also sell their CDs.
Groups can also share information.
Groups can also stay in the church.
Groups can also take advantage of sale prices offered to individuals, such as early-bird specials.
Groups can also use our kitchen facility if they wish to provide their own food.
Groups can also visit different religious communities in their own area.
Groups can also visit the museum outside opening times.
Groups can also waste a lot of time by socializing.
Groups can also work during the week by providing a donation for site supervision.
Groups can also work on removing litter or restoring damaged areas.
Groups can also work together on summaries, projects, papers, etc.
Groups can announce public or private seminars.
Groups can apply for a limited number of spaces at each workshop.
Groups can apply for funds through the budget process each spring.
Groups can arrange a guided tour.
Groups can arrange a tour during the week as well.
Groups can arrange a tour or program at any time.
Groups can arrange for special food service at affordable prices in our separate bistro room .
Groups can arrange guided tours in advance.
Groups can arrange programs on a variety of topics.
Groups can arrange tours at other times by appointment.
Groups can arrange tours at other times.
Groups can ask individual members to brainstorm in private before a group session.
Groups can assist in preserving and replanting stream side vegetation.
Groups can be a catalyst for the emergence of leaders.
Groups can be any size - either in number of members or number of contributions sent.
Groups can be as small as ten or as large as five hundred participants.
Groups can be both educational and supportive.
Groups can be classes, extracurricular groups, etc.
Groups can be difficult to assemble.
Groups can be either opportunities or dangers.
Groups can be especially helpful for people who have relationship concerns.
Groups can be hierarchical.
Groups can be informal, socially related but neither structured nor established by the organisation.
Groups can be members of other groups.
Groups can be mixtures of directors and executives, directors alone, or executives alone.
Groups can be of any size.
Groups can be open or restricted, and content can be freely posted or moderated.
Groups can be open to others or closed to members only.
Groups can be pile-added with the highest intensity level taking precedence.
Groups can be private or public.
Groups can be public, semi-private or private.
Groups can be serious, or fun, and usually both.
Groups can be small or large, such as two friends, a youth club, a class, a whole school, etc.
Groups can be subject to powerlessness due to lack of information and support.
Groups can be uneven.
Groups can be up to ten people.
Groups can be wonderful things.
Groups can begin making reservations immediately.
Groups can begin on the entrance date and continue for the five-week course or longer.
Groups can begin to seek solutions to conflict only after they've clearly identified the source.
Groups can book further in advance.
Groups can book guided tours for a fee.
Groups can book tours and talks tailored to suit their needs and special interests.
Groups can brainstorm ideas or complete various explorations or investigations.
Groups can build customer loyalty and provide significant customer support.
Groups can buy together and save.
Groups can call for other arrangements.
Groups can call the sales offices to receive full media kits from each area.
Groups can camp in the public campgrounds.
Groups can camp together with prior space arrangements.
Groups can charter train at other times.
Groups can chip in to pay for a newspaper ad, for example.
Groups can choose a chat that all members can attend together as an online meeting.
Groups can choose any three letters in alphabetical order.
Groups can choose from fun-filled packages that include entertainment and menu selections.
Groups can choose the dates best suited to their needs for one week, two weeks, four weeks, etc.
Groups can choose to focus on one chapter or topic.
Groups can combine cabins to reach six nights.
Groups can come and assess the water quality of the canal and a variety of streams and rivers.
Groups can come together and share their knowledge.
Groups can compete against one another during the large, whole-class games.
Groups can complete the below projects in a round-robin format.
Groups can conduct intake each semester, skip semesters, or conduct one every other year.
Groups can consist of adults only , teams, or skaters by age group.
Groups can consist of between twelve and thirty five people.
Groups can consist of couples, families, singles, or a mix.
Groups can consist of many items, each item being a separate discussion topic.
Groups can consist of movies, still images, titles, audio and other groups.
Groups can consist of two to five students.
Groups can contact each other and hold online chats by accessing .
Groups can contact our office with information about the event.
Groups can contact the above address if interested.
Groups can contain any number of children, which can be leaf items or other groups.
Groups can contain different controls.
Groups can contain one global container and an unconstrained number of local containers.
Groups can contain user ids, other groups or email addresses.
Groups can continue for years.
Groups can coordinate fundraising events and travel arrangements to help supporters attend.
Groups can correspond directly to business entities such as divisions, departments, and projects.
Groups can create any kind of track design.
Groups can create forums of discussion with people throughout the community.
Groups can cut out pictures from the magazines to illustrate their guidelines.
Groups can deploy at their own rate.
Groups can discuss the assigned topic, or do formal invention techniques together.
Groups can do a short presentation to the rest of the class.
Groups can do about the problem.
Groups can double every two years or less if they are properly organized and functioning.
Groups can draw on more resources than a lone individual.
Groups can each take one hour.
Groups can eat a bagged lunch on site.
Groups can either meet at a local restaurant or have a local caterer provide the food.
Groups can either print out their pie graphs or draw rough sketches of the representation.
Groups can enforce exclusion by ensuring that the rules of the game favour some groups over others.
Groups can enjoy a cookout on our pavilion that overlooks the Atlantic Ocean.
Groups can enjoy a w ide variety of outdoor and indoor activities regardless of ability.
Groups can enjoy an exterior garden patio surrounded by beautiful courtyard greenery.
Groups can enjoy fishing, more golf and productive meetings at secluded, executive retreats.
Groups can enjoy glass bottom boat viewing, diving or the fun of boom-netting.
Groups can enjoy hiking, biking, or take advantage of the lake and the water sports it offers.
Groups can enjoy the benefit of splitting the cost of a charter.
Groups can even arrange for catered meals aboard the ship, using the troops' actual tin trays.
Groups can even breed in the fall when the acorn crop is particularly good.
Groups can exchanges messages with email-like conferences and chat.
Groups can fall apart because mail gets lost in the forwarding.
Groups can filter mail based upon their members average time on message.
Groups can find each other by name of organization, water body, county, or watershed.
Groups can fixate at various stages.
Groups can focus on any topic of their choice.
Groups can for instance, look back over an entire history of communication between members.
Groups can form around issues, geographical location or common interests.
Groups can gain or drop status levels by turning in required paperwork and attending meetings.
Groups can get guided tours.
Groups can get together in a large greatroom for a meal, a party or a card game.
Groups can get together to plant a tree and help save the forests.
Groups can go together to buy a brick, as well.
Groups can have any number of members.
Groups can have long descriptive names.
Groups can have lunch catered by reservation.
Groups can have privileges independently of their members' privileges.
Groups can have resources, such as chat.
Groups can have the clubhouse placed at their disposal for special activities.
Groups can have the same coach each session.
Groups can have up to four members.
Groups can help at one time activities such as bowling and outings.
Groups can help their cause by showing that they are lending their support to other struggles.
Groups can hold drives to replenish food, clothing, baby items, and school supplies.
Groups can inherit group parameters from parent topics.
Groups can keep their money separate if they wish.
Groups can leave in the morning or in the afternoon, as written.
Groups can make arrangements for daily or weekly exclusive theme of the house.
Groups can make arrangements for daily or weekly exclusive use of the house.
Groups can make candles, butter, or whizzers for a small fee.
Groups can make major changes in communities.
Groups can make membership distinctive by having rituals or symbols as identification.
Groups can make the dining room their own, using it for meetings and meal times.
Groups can make the learning experience in canoes or rafts, with or without land support.
Groups can meet at churches, in homes, or in offices.
Groups can meet for limited periods of time or over the course of many years.
Groups can meet for one day, an evening or a weekend.
Groups can meet members' interpersonal needs.
Groups can meet on a regular weekly basis or perhaps once a month.
Groups can meet once a week for eight weeks or biweekly for four weeks.
Groups can model constructive coping behavior.
Groups can move from planning to action rapidly by focusing on the results they want to achieve.
Groups can negotiate private tours and tours at preferred times.
Groups can object to being placed on the list.
Groups can offer an intense, thought-provoking experience.
Groups can opt for longer trips.
Groups can organize collections of clothing and household items for resale in the store.
Groups can participate in a two-hour program featuring the above activities.
Groups can participate in one or more of many unique tours.
Groups can participate in their own discussion forums and chat rooms and exchange course mail.
Groups can petition for available spaces at the beginning of each term.
Groups can play against other groups.
Groups can post an unlimited number of scheduled events.
Groups can prepare a meal once or as frequently as once per month.
Groups can pre-register.
Groups can present a specific position to generate an impromptu debate.
Groups can present new information, provide updates, explain issues, and debate topics.
Groups can present their findings in a written or oral report.
Groups can present their stories to each other at the end of the week.
Groups can propose their own projects.
Groups can purchase disks for own private file space.
Groups can raise funds for the prescription program.
Groups can range from coin collectors to bicyclists.
Groups can range in size from four to fifteen hunters for the pheasant and upland game bird hunt.
Groups can range in size from one to thirty-five.
Groups can range in size from three to five members.
Groups can really thrive when students control the learning process, rather than the instructor.
Groups can receive an overview or exhibit tour.
Groups can receive larger discounts when they ski midweek.
Groups can register for specific tours or presentations.
Groups can register their wish list, then let supporters know what s needed.
Groups can register together as a group to insure placement together while Volunteering.
Groups can rent for a week or more.
Groups can repeat the exercise, starting with a different student each time.
Groups can report back to the class and the results placed on the board and discussed.
Groups can report back to the class orally or summarize findings in an informational poster.
Groups can report to the class and discuss interpretations of the story.
Groups can represent departments, divisions, etc.
Groups can request other hikes ranging in difficulty and duration.
Groups can request slots at any time after the reservation period for the semester begins.
Groups can request special times by contacting the park office.
Groups can request specific sites to visit for longer tours.
Groups can reserve an enclosed clubhouse.
Groups can reserve places on all but commuter trains.
Groups can reserve private service.
Groups can reserve special prixe fixe lunches.
Groups can reserve the cabin for exclusive use.
Groups can reserve the entire campground for special events and swap meets.
Groups can reserve the meeting room or arrange to have a program presented by the staff.
Groups can reserve their own coach or an entire train.
Groups can reserve tours year-round.
Groups can review and research types of rocks and write mini-reports.
Groups can schedule a murder mystery dinner.
Groups can schedule a tour by calling the number at the specific site.
Groups can schedule private tours and workshops with our experienced staff.
Groups can schedule special tours.
Groups can schedule tours at other times.
Groups can schedule tours during the week.
Groups can select a freshwater, estuarine, rocky shore, or ocean tour.
Groups can send registrations as a list.
Groups can set rules about how song requests are honored.
Groups can set up one or more workspaces without asking busy or reluctant network administrators.
Groups can share their stories on the city's leading Web site.
Groups can share their work and revise questions as needed.
Groups can sign up and get a discount because they share manuals.
Groups can sign up using school credit card or purchase order.
Groups can sign up using school credit card or Purchase Order.
Groups can sit at wooden booths covered with plastic tablecloths, or on the small patio.
Groups can sometimes achieve more than individuals.
Groups can sometimes negotiate significant savings.
Groups can sometimes provide speakers for schools.
Groups can stay for anywhere from a weekend to a week depending on their needs.
Groups can stay in the modern pine lodge.
Groups can stay with church families or in the church.
Groups can store and display electronic libraries of images, charts and graphs.
Groups can stumble, but groups that make disastrous decisions require special explanation.
Groups can submit a message about their services or events to be played for up to one month.
Groups can switch contact people at any time in the same way.
Groups can tailor-make their adventure.
Groups can take advantage of our outstanding facilities for customized clinics or tournaments.
Groups can take different sides of an issue and debate the merit of their positions.
Groups can talk through ideas, write down equations on scrap paper, etc.
Groups can talk to the staff about allowing catered meals.
Groups can then carry on their own discussions.
Groups can then create magazine or television ads for their inventions.
Groups can then exchange problems to test each other.
Groups can then perform their skits for the entire class.
Groups can then present reports to the class.
Groups can then present their findings to the whole class.
Groups can then read their reviews to the class for comments.
Groups can then rework their plays for presentation to friends, parents, and relatives.
Groups can then split up and the documenters can report their findings to the class.
Groups can thus participate in either or both networks.
Groups can tour at other times by appointment.
Groups can tour Salem by land and water and watch whales with a marine biologist.
Groups can trade nights with any other group.
Groups can try solving the puzzles or try to create their own.
Groups can turn inward and miss the opportunity for evangelism which is so powerful in group life.
Groups can update calendar information, meeting notes, officer listings and more.
Groups can use a lunch room, on a first come, first served basis.
Groups can use a room for a maximum of two hours.
Groups can use anything they want for clothes and accessories.
Groups can use both web browsers and a presentation graphics program to support their presentation.
Groups can use the facility for overnight as well as day use.
Groups can use their own equipment or the sites.
Groups can vary on a number of continuums - including length and degree of structure.
Groups can view the scene three times before beginning their notes.
Groups can visit at any time of year.
Groups can visit at other times by appointment.
Groups can visit dairy farms, vegetable plantations, and horse and llama-raising operations.
Groups can visit the Cultural centre outside normal opening hours on notice.
Groups can volunteer on a weekly, monthly, or bimonthly basis.
Groups can work on personal development, empowerment, trust and group support.
Groups can work on projects, or run events to raise money for the charity.
Groups can work together on projects.
Groups can work together to share information or compete to identify and investigate suspects.
Groups can write poems to share on-line along with their recorded data.
Groups cater to the interest and needs of many different people.
Groups celebrate diversity through 'delighting in difference'.
Groups change annually.
Groups change every nine weeks.
Groups change regularly according to purpose or topic.
Groups charge a small fee or request a donation to support worthwhile community projects.
Groups charter our aircraft for either business, sporting or leisure activities.
Groups choose a book to re-write or create.
Groups choose a site to observe, placing their grids on the site.
Groups choose dimensions in order to maximise the positivity of their own group.
Groups choose remaining units to read, and begin preparing.
Groups choose to either host or join read-ins local schools, churches, community centers.
Groups cite different numbers depending on whether they represent industry, labor, or government.
Groups clash over rating system To some, the proposed ratings system is long overdue.
Groups collaborate on museum space with other groups.
Groups collect ants and create ant colonies.
Groups collect class data.
Groups come and go as interests change.
Groups come and go faster than Detroit brings out new cars.
Groups come in many varieties.
Groups come in various sizes and shapes, from the ad hoc to the formal.
Groups come to work on social and work dynamics, team building, and support.
Groups come together for a variety of reasons.
Groups come together to finish drafting principles for licensing agreements.
Groups come up with their team decision.
Groups comes back online.
Groups communicate between each other.
Groups communicate regularly via newsletters and other forums.
Groups compare and contrast their classifications.
Groups compare and describe water distribution in their materials.
Groups compare and evaluate a variety of health care products.
Groups compare devices.
Groups compare mass measuring devices.
Groups compare results and come to a consensus about the approximate height of the pillar.
Groups compare their findings with other groups' findings.
Groups compete for territory and see other groups as a threat.
Groups compete in several categories.
Groups compete to solve the puzzle first.
Groups compete with each other and with the state for the power to carry out their specific agendas.
Groups compile clues in a master list.
Groups complement professional care.
Groups complete four smaller projects using the web as well.
Groups complete one page of class book using the information they obtained from the website.
Groups complete the change puzzle of the future.
Groups complete their research.
Groups complete translations.
Groups complete worksheets with accurate information obtained from the website.
Groups concerned with privacy rights say that mistakes in reporting personal data happen routinely.
Groups conduct internal negotiations over positions, goals, and strategies.
Groups conduct QPRs at commander's discretion for subordinate units.
Groups conduct QPRs at the commander's discretion for subordinate units.
Groups conduct tests to compare the rate of soil erosion under different circumstances.
Groups congregate in feeding areas by day, and separate at night.
Groups consist of a minimum of five riders registering under the group leader s name.
Groups consist of a number of farmers, but individuals have their own plots.
Groups consist of a single male with a number of reproducing females and their infants.
Groups consist of an adult female with one or two young.
Groups consist of coed students with two supervisors to simulate a normal homelike atmosphere.
Groups consist of eight to ten people and a faculty or staff person is a guide for the group.
Groups consist of ewes, lambs, yearlings, and young rams less than three years.
Groups consist of exactly two students.
Groups consist of from four to six people.
Groups consist of individuals.
Groups consist of many more males than females.
Groups consist of no more then two in each group.
Groups consist of one coach to eight athletes ratio.
Groups consist of one male and multiple females.
Groups consist of one or more adults, sometimes accompanied by juveniles.
Groups consist of six to ten members and one or two professionals who serve as group facilitators.
Groups consist of students from around Australia who travel with a trained leader.
Groups Consist of Ten or More People.
Groups consist of twenty or more people.
Groups consist of two or more educators.
Groups consisting of three teams, cross- present their outlines and take suggestions re.
Groups consisting of young and old animals, males and females are common.
Groups consisting solely of problem solvers are one of the least harmonious and perform badly.
Groups consists of related females, immigrant males, and offspring.
Groups constitute a special category of volunteers.
Groups construct a terrible beast or all contribute to a painted group mural.
Groups construct and use a mini water treatment plant to treat dirty water.
Groups construct flags for use during opening and closing ceremonies.
Groups contain a few big galaxies and several smaller ones.
Groups contain a single adult male and are often territorial.
Groups contain individual entries and possibly other groups.
Groups contain more than one member.
Groups continue marching about the city all day long.
Groups continue to meet.
Groups continue until the last week of the semester.
Groups control behavior by providing or withholding permissions and protections.
Groups converse about books, articles, and other materials.
Groups cook their own meals.
Groups correspond by email or hold real-time meetings in chat rooms.
Groups cover cities, states, regions but there are many lone warriors out there too.
Groups create a storyboard of their slides.
Groups create a table or data base of artifact data.
Groups create a timeline based on historical events of their country.
Groups create an advertising campaigns about hygiene.
Groups create and practice scene showing what is decided in previous discussion.
Groups create assignments.
Groups create bylaws and elect officers.
Groups create coloring books.
Groups create commercials.
Groups create food pyramid collages.
Groups create food pyramids.
Groups create movements for a circuit.
Groups create music videos or TV commercials.
Groups create packages.
Groups create posters to advocate reusing materials.
Groups create posters.
Groups create role-plays.
Groups create skits to advocate conservation of resources and reducing pollution.
Groups create skits.
Groups create smoking situations.
Groups create storyboards for their presentation.
Groups create student history and strengths and weaknesses for case study student.
Groups create truthful advertisements.
Groups currently booked are eligible for repricing.
Groups cycle through Chicago's back alleyways and typically avoided areas for recreation.
Groups decide on topic for website that is historically based.
Groups decide what product they want to sell and how to sell it.
Groups defend their ranges.
Groups depart in the afternoon, stay on the summit until darkness and descend late at night.
Groups design a survey on hurricane perceptions.
Groups design monitoring programs for a variety of reasons.
Groups design newsletter on paper.
Groups design on paper first.
Groups design posters to show some of the different ways people use minerals.
Groups design their own syllabi and work closely with a language facilitator twice weekly.
Groups designate a timekeeper and divide the time available by the number of people present.
Groups designed specifically for gifted students are the most effective.
Groups determine how to present their information to the class.
Groups develop a comprehensive and measurable set of goals and targets for the unit.
Groups develop a consistant protocol for measuring and recording their data.
Groups develop a list of suggestions for improving class procedures or activities.
Groups develop a scenario of the future environment.
Groups develop much like children do by going through specific phases.
Groups develop particular methods or hypotheses.
Groups develop plan for delivering mental healthcare in nursing homes.
Groups develop poster presentations.
Groups develop presentations.
Groups develop prom plans.
Groups develop role-plays.
Groups develop their own contracts to meet the course objectives or their personal objectives.
Groups develop their workshop web sites.
Groups devise assessment battery and assign scores for case study student.
Groups differ by size.
Groups differ in approach, too.
Groups differ in the degree of their integration.
Groups differ in their language, culture and recency of immigration.
Groups differ in their language, culture, and recency of immigration.
Groups differ in their skills and cultures and always have.
Groups differ only slightly in the range of community volunteer services they offer.
Groups differ to the degree that they recognize all three ways of being a member.
Groups disagree about tactics and have different goals.
Groups discern difficult decisions.
Groups discuss and clarify issues and formulate standards and procedures for the museum community.
Groups discuss and compare their logs.
Groups discuss and list their responses.
Groups discuss and record ideas.
Groups discuss changes.
Groups discuss individual handbook critiques and summarise major points.
Groups discuss individual responses and summarise major points.
Groups discuss influences.
Groups discuss initial errors involved in roles as surveyors.
Groups discuss menu planning .
Groups discuss project, and begin to assign work.
Groups discuss the justifications for their classifications.
Groups discuss the term deaf and blind.
Groups discuss their effectiveness in terms of colours, typeface, design.
Groups discuss their logs and develop a listing of activities grouped with math concepts.
Groups discuss their observations with teacher facilitation.
Groups discuss their responses.
Groups disperse at night and congregate in feeding areas by day.
Groups display the data set they are investigating using presentation software or posters.
Groups display their completed posters.
Groups Displays the current set of execution groups.
Groups do begin to take action to stop oppressive actions.
Groups do come and go.
Groups DO have more diverse opinions about how things work.
Groups do it every year.
Groups DO make better decisions.
Groups do more than mold stories or poems, too.
Groups do painting, trail building, fencing, roofing, plumbing, and landscaping.
Groups do seed dispersal projects in lab or field, depending on project.
Groups do their own cooking in church kitchen.
Groups do their own cooking.
Groups draw a food chain, which includes organisms from their habitat bottles.
Groups draw up their existing workflow and organizational structure.
Groups draw, dream, and articulate preferences and findings throughout the process.
Groups eat and pray together then break into their own groups for some activities and discussions.
Groups eat in the cafeteria.
Groups edit or rewrite the existing contract.
Groups elect their own officers.
Groups enable families to share caregiving tips and give and receive emotional support.
Groups enable their members to pool and distribute like minded information.
Groups encourage participation and sharing of experiences.
Groups enjoy the break from the conference or golf game, and the time to get away.
Groups enter as foursomes.
Groups enter their data on a chart.
Groups establish norms and roles.
Groups estimate possible water savings.
Groups evaluate and grade student themes.
Groups everywhere differ too much in too many ways to have the same outcomes.
Groups exceeding designed capacity also require a special use permit.
Groups exchange papers and try to decipher each other's paragraphs to make sense.
Groups exchange the artifacts and try to interpret one another's cultures.
Groups exist for every author in adatabase.
Groups exist for most countries and regions in the world.
Groups exist on the local, state , national and international levels .
Groups exist, but they are groups of individuals gathered around an individual.
Groups expect new members to pay dues either before or during the initiation.
Groups Explains how to create new objects.
Groups Explode Open all groups, displaying individual physical nodes and links.
Groups explore roles and responsibilities of family members.
Groups explore the roles and responsibilities of family members.
Groups face difficult challenges all the time.
Groups facilitate class sessions and select readings.
Groups fall out about all sorts of things.
Groups fall out of usage.
Groups feature violence awareness and violence prevention themes.
Groups feel their identities being threatened and react in fear and violence.
Groups fight over strategy, tactics, and goals.
Groups fighting for people's social position to be changed' is part of that natural evolution.
Groups fill quickly, so register as soon as possible.
Groups fill up, so enroll early.
Groups film their movie.
Groups finalize their design.
Groups find empty weight of ship and record on form.
Groups Find out about the organizations and individuals who attended the conference.
Groups find paintball to be a much more enjoyable experience.
Groups first brainstorm the issues surrounding their topic on scrap paper.
Groups focus on anger management, social skills, problem solving, and divorce.
Groups focus on development of self expression and interpersonal skills.
Groups focus on education, and personal insight.
Groups focus on everything from Bible study to dinner groups.
Groups focus on life and life experiences through reading, listening and discussions.
Groups focus on matters of art and craft as well as on detail editing when works near publication.
Groups focus on modern and classical, religous and cultural, shape notes and no notes at all.
Groups focus on self-esteem, parenting skills, sexuality, and sexual abuse issues.
Groups focus on single chromosomes or regions of DNA of special medical interest.
Groups focus on the educational and behavioral change aspects of domestic violence.
Groups focus on the prayer methods and experiences of local and world church leaders.
Groups follow the instructions to make the games they have chosen.
Groups forage throughout the night and return to tree hollows to sleep during the day.
Groups form and fizzle all the time.
Groups form and have collective beliefs.
Groups form around opinions.
Groups form as individuals register.
Groups form as they are needed, move the work forward, and then disband.
Groups form by individuals from different communities, with similar interests.
Groups form each fall in several areas of interest.
Groups form early in each semester and explore issues of mutual concern.
Groups form for many reasons and in many ways.
Groups form for special on-going activities.
Groups form ideas, test and modify strategies, then reflect on the process used.
Groups form in the fall.
Groups form into communities and communities form into nations.
Groups form naturally without any effort from the instructors.
Groups form spontaneously or are arranged ahead by special appointment.
Groups form spontaneously.
Groups form theme camps to build a creative space focused on a particular idea.
Groups form when a disturbance occurs and people come together to resist change.
Groups formed by common interests or preference can provide a compatible initial environment.
Groups formed by students are usually successful.
Groups formulate and solve problems.
Groups foster collective learning.
Groups fulfill a whole range of functions.
Groups fulfill both task and social functions.
Groups function as a study group, support group, or social group.
Groups function best when everyone is pulling the wagon in the same direction.
Groups function best when members have a common purpose and the ability to work cooperatively.
Groups gather at outdoors table in good weather and surely party on into the night.
Groups gather both inside and outside and enjoy working in a peaceful environment.
Groups gather data on transportation trends that they observe occurring near their school.
Groups gather for reunions, workshops and seminars.
Groups gather support for Congressional resolutions for a test ban.
Groups gather to chat about various subjects.
Groups gather twice monthly to share experiences.
Groups generally consist of between four and ten members and are led by one or two therapists.
Groups generally consist of female clusters and a preferred male mate.
Groups generally consist of one dominant male and many females.
Groups generally meet once a week during the day or evening to accommodate participants' schedules.
Groups generally meet once a week for two hours.
Groups generally meet once a week to address relapse prevention issues.
Groups generally pray for the greatest good for all concerned.
Groups generally start within two weeks from the start of each term.
Groups get a discount.
Groups get comfortable with precedents set in years past.
Groups get crazy, as a rule.
Groups get to set the rules for time, place, and manner.
Groups get together for fellowship meals, parties, and festive holidays.
Groups give first, second, third choice, then teacher assigns groups to section.
Groups give guided tours.
Groups give oral reports to their classmates on their proposals and on their findings.
Groups go in opposite direction only to come upon one another in a certain time period.
Groups go through identifiable phases.
Groups guides people through an easy three-step process to get a new group started.
Groups hand in one paper with both names on it.
Groups has lots of new features and even better customization.
Groups have a choice of two mission books.
Groups have a clear right to define who they are and what they stand for.
Groups have a mix of photographs, optical and radar images and interferograms.
Groups have a small annual budget which helps to cover their running costs.
Groups have a support van available for any riders who decide to call it an early day.
Groups have access to an extensive camping area, toilets, hot showers, and full kitchen facilities.
Groups have access to the meeting rooms during regular library hours.
Groups have an evolving and unique culture with a slowly changing membership.
Groups have an extended history of up to one year.
Groups have an icon that has two heads, individual users have one.
Groups have an immediate private concern in the way the issue is met.
Groups have both advantages and disadvantages.
Groups have different needs.
Groups have differing expectations of their members and their commitments to the group.
Groups have discussions throughout the two weeks.
Groups have disk quotas and users have a daily disk quota.
Groups have family activities and some have provided childcare.
Groups have immense power to move people in creative and more life-giving directions.
Groups have incredible power because they form a more powerful energy field than an individual does.
Groups have internal autonomy, and group leaders negotiate amongst themselves to manage conflict.
Groups have limited web access but still enjoy using our service via email.
Groups have nearly unlimited freedom in choosing service projects.
Groups have negative ids.
Groups have no 'essential' being.
Groups have no relationship to each other, they are autonomous.
Groups have no standing in the eyes of the law.
Groups have opportunity to swim in natural, clean, Appalachian creek.
Groups have priority in using the study rooms.
Groups have priority over individual users.
Groups have priority over individuals in the event all study rooms are in use.
Groups have priority over individuals in use of the rooms.
Groups have problems.
Groups have similar biology and appearance.
Groups have socials, ministries have strategic events.
Groups have some flexibility in how many papers each student takes to grade.
Groups have the advantage of low cost, but they lack individual attention.
Groups have the capacity, leadership, knowledge and skills to manage the tasks.
Groups have the option of also being served tea after their tour.
Groups have the option of arranging a Guided Tour.
Groups have the option of choosing to prepare a group paper or individual papers from each member.
Groups have the option of writing a group paper, or they can write individual papers.
Groups have the option to differentially evaluate group members or to assign equal weights to all.
Groups have the right to exist as groups.
Groups have the right to maintain their distinctness.
Groups have the same coach each day.
Groups have the same coach each weekend.
Groups have their own cancellation policy.
Groups have to be small, dispersed and locally organized, the rules say.
Groups have to convince class and school pupils to sign their petition.
Groups have to keep scrupulous account of government funds and comply with reporting requirements.
Groups have to order in advance and are also welcome outside opening hours.
Groups have to order in advance and are also welcome outside the opening hours.
Groups have to rotate on schedule.
Groups have to work together and problem solve in order to find a solution.
Groups have two states, opened and olosed.
Groups help caregivers feel less isolated and can create strong bonds of help and friendship.
Groups help caregivers feel less isolated and can create strong bonds of mutual help and friendship.
Groups help empower the rural poor .
Groups help organize icons into related sections.
Groups help pages.
Groups help persons with aphasia learn from the experiences of others.
Groups help problem drinkers to recover from the disease of alcoholism.
Groups help teach students to work as a team.
Groups helping groups makes everyone stronger.
Groups hits via file extenstion.
Groups hold a weekly meeting and carry out various activities and organizational work.
Groups hold meetings, social events and allow people to share experiences.
Groups hold one of the annual American-Indian powwows at the university.
Groups holding parties are responsible for providing their own designated drivers.
Groups holding tailgate parties are responsible for providing their own designated drivers.
Groups hope to expand audience for reports on new health technologies.
Groups ID to join.
Groups identified by various castes are at loggerheads in pushing their way into political power.
Groups identify action plans for their projects.
Groups identify admired traits.
Groups identify and explain which water uses they can give up for a specific amount of time.
Groups identify factors associated with the decision by a company to implement IT solutions.
Groups identify future opportunities for their organisation from their scenario.
Groups identify poisons found in specific rooms of the home.
Groups identify ways to reuse materials.
Groups influence our behavior.
Groups influence their members in many important ways.
Groups inhabit a single tree at any one time.
Groups inlcude mothers groups, mens groups, womens groups, couples groups and mixed gender groups.
Groups interact completely .
Groups interact completely.
Groups interact with text, pictures, sound, and moving images.
Groups involve some commitment.
Groups involving a number of schools meet each week, after school hours.
Groups is a great way to keep up with the latest passenger rail news.
Groups is a great way to stay connected to everyone.
Groups is a snap.
Groups is a wonderful resource but it can be tricky to navigate.
Groups is an ideal community platform for groups of all types.
Groups is an independent site which hosts many e-mail discussion groups on many topics.
Groups is currently down for network maintenance.
Groups is currently down for scheduled maintenance.
Groups is free to both members and moderators.
Groups is kept as a top priority.
Groups is our specialty.
Groups is the name of our home study group ministry.
Groups is the place to find information on schoolworkers groups around the country.
Groups join together at meal time for great food and fellowship.
Groups join together for meals in the main lodge.
Groups just starting find it extremely helpful.
Groups learn local customs and sometimes participate in cultural traditions.
Groups learn the value of cooperation and encouragement.
Groups learn to manage conflict effectively.
Groups learn, then it helps.
Groups leave the workshop ready to continue the process of becoming anti-racist organizations.
Groups leave two or three times a year.
Groups line up in a relay formation.
Groups linking such professions and institutions flourish.
Groups list reusable items.
Groups list server offers significant improvements to the services available to list subscribers.
Groups list themselves free in a directory, along with their volunteer needs.
Groups listed below are for info only.
Groups listed below are for information only.
Groups listed in boldface are loginable.
Groups listed in directories are welcome to submit the forms in person.
Groups listed in the charts are by ethnicity, gender and income.
Groups Lists current members of each group.
Groups live simply, using campsites, hostels, and other modest facilities.
Groups live to see their peers put it uncharacteristically funny situations.
Groups load correct amounts of various grains into container.
Groups login before being able to access.
Groups logo above and follow the instructions to join.
Groups look self contained and impenetrable.
Groups look to gain praise, ministries look to give praise.
Groups look to protect mercury standards.
Groups love to see their peers put in uncharacteristically funny situations.
Groups mainly comprise females, subadults, kids and some adult males.
Groups mainly comprise females, subadults, young and some adult males.
Groups maintain a quiet attitude as they research and share their information.
Groups maintain group kill files.
Groups maintain year-round territories near their roost and nest trees.
Groups make a decision, selecting a person or group most influential.
Groups make arrangements for payment through the fairgrounds office.
Groups make better quality decisions than individuals.
Groups make collages.
Groups make energy synonym word mobiles.
Groups make good decisions if the majority of members are competent and work well together.
Groups make observations.
Groups make oral reports back to the class.
Groups make pictorial display and label guilds of site after each visit.
Groups make posters.
Groups make progress when they can use a common language.
Groups make reporting easier.
Groups makes every attempt to prevent moderators from sending unsolicited email.
Groups makes is easy to take opinion polls on any topic.
Groups Managing groups with the web-based admin is nearly identical to working with users.
Groups marvel as they watch talented sculptors transform the granite into lifelike statuary.
Groups marvel when they stop for a tour of our area ginseng and beef farm.
Groups meet a minimum of one hour a month.
Groups meet according to age.
Groups meet after school and at various times during the summer.
Groups meet along the river and then go out and make their area of the river look clean again.
Groups meet and are given clinical situations in keeping with the current subject material.
Groups meet and complete individual state charts.
Groups meet and discuss previous fieldwork.
Groups meet and talk at one of the five consultation forums.
Groups meet as sub-theme groups to settle reports.
Groups meet at a pre-determined spot.
Groups meet at a variety of places, times, and days of the week.
Groups meet at a variety of times and places throughout the week.
Groups meet at area churches throughout the city.
Groups meet at different times in different homes on a weekly, bi-monthly, or monthly basis.
Groups meet at least monthly in homes or at church.
Groups meet at public high school for study, fellowship.
Groups meet at respective trailheads.
Groups meet at the pavi lion.
Groups meet at the second entrance at the top of the hill with stone pillars and hemlock grove.
Groups meet at various times.
Groups meet bi-weekly at a time convenient for members.
Groups meet BI-weekly throughout the calendar year.
Groups meet by case assignments and finalize plans.
Groups meet by case assignments.
Groups meet daily for one week.
Groups meet during the day and in the evening.
Groups meet during the daytime at various venues.
Groups meet each week for an hour at different times and locations, on and off campus.
Groups meet evenings, often around a small camp-fire.
Groups meet every other day.
Groups meet every other week for prayer, Bible discussion and mutual encouragement and care.
Groups meet every other week.
Groups meet every week or two, and the meetings are structured to meet the members' needs.
Groups meet for a designated length of time.
Groups meet for an hour three days each week.
Groups meet for four weeks, for a total of eight sessions.
Groups meet for six weeks and sessions last about an hour.
Groups meet for six weeks for one hour sessions.
Groups meet for ten consecutive weeks.
Groups meet for ten sessions, weekly.
Groups meet for varying lengths of time according to age.
Groups meet frequently, combine, and then split, exchanging some individuals.
Groups meet from two to six times, depending on the complexity of the subject.
Groups meet generally every two weeks for prayer and fellowship.
Groups meet in a room upstairs, so it has more of a friendly atmosphere than many clubs have.
Groups meet in churches, community centres, etc.
Groups meet in class.
Groups meet in comfortable and quiet places on campus.
Groups meet in each other's homes one night each month.
Groups meet in Forest Hills.
Groups meet in free meetings all around the country.
Groups meet in homes, offices and other suitable facilities.
Groups meet in homes.
Groups meet in locations all over Johnson County and include a wide variety of activities.
Groups meet in people's homes for fellowship, Bible study, and accountability.
Groups meet in private and comfortable settings to enhance personal and professional growth.
Groups meet in private houses or in meeting rooms, schools or halls.
Groups meet in residence halls and also during the day for commuting students.
Groups meet in various locations around campus.
Groups meet individually with faculty advisors.
Groups meet mainly by email, very occasional videoconferences, and some face-face meeting.
Groups meet monthly and bi-monthly at mutually decided upon times and locations.
Groups meet monthly in various locations in the county.
Groups meet monthly, with each member taking a turn hosting and leading one working session.
Groups meet on a regular basis each week .
Groups meet on a regular, predictable schedule.
Groups meet on a variety of topics.
Groups meet on most weeknights and some weekdays.
Groups meet on such topics as friendship difficulties and smoking cessation.
Groups meet on their own.
Groups meet on various nights throughout the week.
Groups meet once a month at area hospitals, churches, community centers and private homes.
Groups meet once a week and sessions last one and a half hours.
Groups meet once a week and sessions usually last ninety minutes.
Groups meet once a week every other week.
Groups meet once a week for six to eight weeks.
Groups meet once a week for six weeks, plus an individual counseling session.
Groups meet once a week for ten weeks.
Groups meet once a week in homes, businesses, factories, or at the church.
Groups meet once a week in the evening.
Groups meet once every two weeks for discussion.
Groups meet once per month at a different host's place of business.
Groups meet once per month.
Groups meet once per week - start second week of term.
Groups meet one day a week for one hour.
Groups meet one day per week for one hour.
Groups meet one evening a week at a member's home.
Groups meet one hour per week.
Groups meet one or more times a month per month, depending on the book and group.
Groups meet regularly for times of fellowship and discussion of the Bible.
Groups meet regularly in different neighborhoods.
Groups meet regularly on their own to focus on specific issues of interest to their group.
Groups meet regularly to discuss breastfeeding information and to share their experiences.
Groups meet regularly, each focusing on a nursing phenomenon.
Groups meet ten times, and then decide whether to continue or disband.
Groups meet there on a regular basis for conversation practice in Asian languages.
Groups meet there regularly to work through their grief.
Groups meet throughout Queensland.
Groups meet throughout the day and early evening.
Groups meet throughout the school year at various times during the week.
Groups meet throughout the year and at training sessions.
Groups meet to begin project implementation.
Groups meet to critique each other's rough drafts, and to offer suggestions for improvement.
Groups meet to organize information and begin writing.
Groups meet to plan presentation.
Groups meet to plan presentations.
Groups meet to play cards, bridge, and mah jongg.
Groups meet to set outcomes.
Groups meet to share perspectives about sexuality and spirituality.
Groups meet together once a month for discussion.
Groups meet twice a month and are co-facilitated by a licensed therapist and positive woman.
Groups meet twice a month on average.
Groups meet twice each week for one hour.
Groups meet weekly - several meeting times are offered to fit a variety of schedules.
Groups meet weekly after school for kindergarten through high school age group.
Groups meet weekly and are scheduled at times that accommodate participants' schedules.
Groups meet weekly at various times.
Groups meet weekly for an hour and are reimbursable by most insurance plans.
Groups meet weekly or fortnightly and usually run for one and a half hours.
Groups meet weekly, biweekly or monthly, usually for six to twelve-week sessions.
Groups meet weekly, monthly, or on a schedule agreed upon by members, parents, and leaders.
Groups meet weekly, typically in the evening.
Groups meet weekly, usually in individual homes for study and social events.
Groups meet weekly.
Groups meet with a certified personal trainer three times a week for one hour.
Groups meet with faculty project Advisors to discuss plans for projects.
Groups Modeling groups is out of scope.
Groups mount their campaigns by letter, telephone, e-mail or word of mouth.
Groups move easily from creative interest to exploration to discovery.
Groups move from one station to another doing each activity.
Groups move onto the next step at their own pace.
Groups move their conferences around for a variety of reasons.
Groups move through the very same stages.
Groups naturally gather into groups of groups, or sub-divide into smaller groups.
Groups nest on the couches.
Groups never mingle.
Groups normally meet once a week at one another's houses.
Groups normally meet once a week in the evenings.
Groups normally start in late afternoon, and end after lunch on departure day.
Groups normally submit a single project, and everyone in the group receives the same grade.
Groups notate their rhythmic patterns, indicating how and when each body percussion action is used.
Groups now appear on the main pager list, and can be selected for sending just as a pager.
Groups now operate in eight Central American nations, including a new ministry in Paraguay.
Groups now view implementation as a necessary part of decision-making.
Groups objects into blocks.
Groups objects or pictures according to color, shape, size, number of legs, hair or hairless, etc.
Groups observe their cuttings and write down three characteristics of the twig.
Groups offer a broad range insight and support from peers and professional counselors.
Groups offer a convenient way to connect with others who share the same interests and ideas.
Groups offer allies support.
Groups offer an opportunity to openly share personal experiences, coping strategies and feelings.
Groups offer free literature, information for schools and a lending library.
Groups offer free presentations, training, and advice.
Groups offer opportunities for participants to develop confidence with the support of others.
Groups offer opportunities to help others as well as to receive help.
Groups offer support and contacts for Christian fellowship.
Groups offer the opportunity to learn and grow in a safe, supportive environment.
Groups offer the opportunity to share their experiences and offer support.
Groups offer the opportunity to socialize and provide structure and incentive to walk regularly.
Groups offer the support and ideas of peers who are working with similar issues.
Groups offers free e-mail groups.
Groups offers support for both newsletter and discussion list hosting.
Groups offish blink in synchrony, a behavior that is involved in attracting prey.
Groups online help document.
Groups operate on rational and irrational levels.
Groups operated by E-mail can hold a discussion.
Groups oppose oil exploration in the Great Barrier Reef.
Groups opposing fantasy games often criticize the alleged occult content of the games.
Groups organise their own in-service training.
Groups organize their land use elements temporarily using tape.
Groups outline a strategy for their groups to work better together.
Groups overview Back up existing data.
Groups own and enforces their rules and regulations.
Groups participate in a tug of war, bucket brigade, sand skis, obstacle course and more.
Groups participating in a contest have to pay an entry fee for every design submitted.
Groups pay only a modest fee and travel expenses for the speaker.
Groups pay regular price for camping and boat rentals.
Groups pay the one-time fee per hour.
Groups pay transportation and meals.
Groups pay upon arrival for the number of tickets needed.
Groups paying in full in advance get free ground shipping.
Groups perform at the concert by invitation.
Groups perform dances and present skits.
Groups perform in church periodically.
Groups perform in convocation and various meetings during the year.
Groups perform informally and in concerts.
Groups perform original compositions in real showers with running water.
Groups perform their skits.
Groups perform their stories.
Groups perform throughout the year at the park district and community special events.
Groups perform throughout the year in departmental recitals.
Groups plan a five city journey traveling the world or country.
Groups plan and assign rest of research.
Groups plan and write surveys.
Groups plan learning centers.
Groups plan special events and activities.
Groups plan their own activities and program.
Groups plan their presentations.
Groups plan trips.
Groups planning to hire a cook, provide meals through co-operative cooking, etc.
Groups play a key role in getting connected, building friendships, and growing spiritually.
Groups pool their results and compare results again.
Groups post their calendars, news and events.
Groups post their views on large pieces of newsprint that are hung around the classroom.
Groups practice decision making.
Groups practice decision-making.
Groups practice reading their finished story, then exchange stories with another group.
Groups practice role-plays.
Groups practice situations involving strangers.
Groups prepare , discuss and present detailed written plans of the festival.
Groups prepare advertisements.
Groups prepare and perform creative solutions to long-term and spontaneous problems.
Groups prepare collages.
Groups prepare five main meals, each meal feeds twelve people.
Groups prepare joint statement on pollution impacts of North America industry.
Groups prepare most of their own meals, shopping every day at grocery stores along the way.
Groups prepare role plays showing how to manage anger .
Groups prepare skits.
Groups prepare the main points of the piece on large paper.
Groups prepare the poster and plan the report.
Groups prepare their own meals.
Groups prepare their skits.
Groups present ads to class and hang up on wall.
Groups present and discuss results.
Groups present and explain graphs to class.
Groups present answers to the class.
Groups present core competencies for geriatric nursing.
Groups present family interviews.
Groups present food groups.
Groups present new games to class.
Groups present news conferences.
Groups present skits to elementary school classes.
Groups present their adoptee to the class.
Groups present their chart and explain their ideas.
Groups present their collages explaining their land use plan.
Groups present their definitions.
Groups present their explanation to the class.
Groups present their finding.
Groups present their findings.
Groups present their flowcharts to the class.
Groups present their ideas.
Groups present their issue in a debate format.
Groups present their posters and explain the guidelines they illustrated.
Groups present their responses to the class.
Groups present their re-worked or original books to the class.
Groups present their skits to the class.
Groups present their stamps to the class who try to guess what classification system was used.
Groups present their work to the class.
Groups prioritize landmarks.
Groups prioritize needs, discuss and launch projects.
Groups produce their mystery projects.
Groups promote each other as a resource.
Groups prosper best when the needs of their members are met.
Groups protected by hate-crime laws, however, differ from state to state.
Groups provide a forum where all students can argue about questions and develop their ideas.
Groups provide a good opportunity to link and use other disciplines.
Groups provide a positive learning environment for many students.
Groups provide a safe and welcoming environment.
Groups provide a setting and support for addressing interpersonal difficulties.
Groups provide a unique opportunity for personal growth.
Groups provide an avenue for students with similar concerns to share their feelings and ideas.
Groups provide an easier mechanism for administering the rights of users.
Groups provide an opportunity to learn from one another as concerns are explored together.
Groups provide and served meals many different meals.
Groups provide chance to see how government works.
Groups provide many services free to breastfeeding mothers, their babies and their families.
Groups provide members with a sense of inclusion and security.
Groups provide own bedding.
Groups provide the advantage of a network of support.
Groups provide the opportunity to grow through helping one another.
Groups provide the opportunity to observe others solving their problems.
Groups provide their own bedding.
Groups provide their own counselors and speakers.
Groups provide their own food during the week.
Groups provide their own food.
Groups provide their own transportation and provision their own camp.
Groups provide their own transportation throughout the trip.
Groups provides disk space which allows members to share photos and files.
Groups purchase food and prepare their own meals.
Groups purchase their own breakfast and dinner and pack a sack lunch.
Groups putting up signs are responsible for their removal.
Groups range from federal agencies to local hiking and biking clubs.
Groups range from four to eight people.
Groups range from life skills, medication, substance abuse, to homebound schools.
Groups range from string quartets to cello ensembles.
Groups range from three to twelve students that meet during the week.
Groups range from two people or more.
Groups range in a fairly restricted area.
Groups range in complexity from beginner to advanced.
Groups range in size from . . .
Groups range in size from four to thirty members.
Groups range in size from four to twelve persons and they usually have two counselors or leaders.
Groups range in size from three to eight.
Groups range in variety from classical to literary readings.
Groups rank affectionate behaviors.
Groups rank water use based on the amount of water needed.
Groups rapidly form of mutually tolerant, evenly spaced and generically orientated particles.
Groups reach a conclusion and implement the solution to their issue.
Groups reach consensus on ground rules, confidentiality, and topics for dialogue.
Groups react to threat with psychotic levels of anxiety.
Groups read the case study and answer the questions at the end.
Groups read the questions one at a time, and make sure everyone gets a chance to answer.
Groups read, speak and ask questions in class in English impromptu.
Groups really let many people get to know each other more.
Groups receive a brief orientation to the museum before their self-guided tour.
Groups receive an account under their name.
Groups receive discounted package rates.
Groups receive discounts on tickets, lessons and rentals.
Groups receive discounts on tickets, lessons, and rentals.
Groups receive exclusive use of the pool for the time they reserve.
Groups receive important benefits at affordable rates with a variety of options to choose from.
Groups receive one copy of all information.
Groups receive priorities for seating requests, upgrades, tour purchases.
Groups receive trash bags, hats, vest and training.
Groups receive varying discounts depending on the time of year.
Groups recite psalms aloud, in unison.
Groups recommend different levels of acreage enrollment.
Groups recommend very different levels of acreage enrollment.
Groups reconvene with same facilitators.
Groups record their results and decide which student packed the greatest number of blocks.
Groups redesign their own structure to produce the best possible design for everyone.
Groups reduce the feelings of isolation, shame and guilt so common in families with addiction.
Groups refine their projects incorporating peer and teacher critiques.
Groups regard information exchanged at meetings as confidential.
Groups regularly rent the museum for evening functions after the official close time.
Groups rehearse once weekly and perform at two annual concerts and other events.
Groups renting equipment are responsible for any damage incurred to the equipment.
Groups renting the meeting spaces inside can reserve the garden for lunches or receptions.
Groups report back justifying their decisions.
Groups report back to class for class discussion.
Groups report back to the class as a whole what they now know about the controversy.
Groups report back.
Groups report findings at the end of the term.
Groups report findings to class.
Groups report on their activities, explaining to others what they have done and why.
Groups report out and compare findings to predictions.
Groups report out and explain magnetic field phenomenon.
Groups report out to form aggregate data.
Groups report out, comparing predictions with findings.
Groups report periodically to whole group.
Groups report results.
Groups report their different findings.
Groups report their findings to the class.
Groups report their lists.
Groups report their results.
Groups report to the class on their progress at each stage.
Groups reports by user for routing.
Groups represent large numbers of minor characters or some organization.
Groups representing consumers say scientists better be careful.
Groups representing consumers, business travelers and travel agents are also opposed.
Groups representing fossil-fuel producers and users are even more skeptical.
Groups representing inventors and venture capitalists oppose the legislation.
Groups representing the state's school superintendents and elected school boards support the plan.
Groups representing the top colleges pay lip service to the notion of egalitarianism.
Groups representing various interests present their perspectives.
Groups require advance registration for programs.
Groups require advance reservations.
Groups require many small tasks that often go un-noticed or unrecognized.
Groups Require More Notice.
Groups require reservations.
Groups require special deposits and cancellation periods.
Groups research emergency skills.
Groups research infectious diseases.
Groups research questions about suicide.
Groups research the topic, and are then newly assembled.
Groups research tobacco ingredients.
Groups research ways to provide self-care for minor illnesses.
Groups research ways to use valid health information and services.
Groups reserve ahead.
Groups reserve the entire boat and fees are assessed in total.
Groups resources into well-defined subject categories, which are searchable.
Groups respond to questions regarding their topic.
Groups results for each search.
Groups results into folders by common topic, source, or location.
Groups results into sections.
Groups retire to consider the other brothers' position.
Groups return to starting point at designated time and return to campus.
Groups return together for the closing assembly.
Groups return year after year for new adventures.
Groups Returns an array containing the names of available groups.
Groups reunite to discuss their results.
Groups review all their opportunity ideas from the day.
Groups review how to phase in career paths based on payment for skills held.
Groups review material, discuss course work, and prepare for exams.
Groups rides being organized.
Groups rotate among three demonstration sites.
Groups rotate around the field and hear from each exec.
Groups rotate to a new station when they hear the whistle.
Groups rotate to each station, then read and perform the rhythmic compositions.
Groups run for one semester with the option of continuing for additional semesters.
Groups satisfying the prerequisite are welcome.
Groups save final web page in a teacher directed location.
Groups save money by registering as a site and hearing the broadcast over a speaker phone.
Groups say cases of torture of child soldiers in hundreds.
Groups scatter explosively with impressive leaps when alarmed.
Groups scheduled in advance make up a lot of their business.
Groups scheduling private showings are eligible for group rates.
Groups scrutinize and improve each other s work.
Groups see a movie.
Groups seek to halt manure run-off into Black Earth Creek , one of the nation's top trout streams.
Groups seeking help fill out a request form.
Groups seeking speakers range from schools to seniors groups and from libraries to community groups.
Groups seeking to inject a male point of view are absent.
Groups seem to avoid group members of the other clan.
Groups seem to be working.
Groups seem to flounder at early stages of the project.
Groups seem to form almost spontaneously in any social setting.
Groups select a food and trace the full journey from paddock to the plate.
Groups select one project below to complete.
Groups select the menu and enjoy their culinary delights.
Groups select their items and then examine and discuss the items, and fill in their worksheets.
Groups select their own topics and some meet as often as twice a month or even weekly.
Groups selects an occupation.
Groups send only one check for total amount.
Groups send several.
Groups serve as a place to safely experiment with new ways of interacting with others.
Groups serve many purposes.
Groups server to read that message.
Groups share and talk about the shapes that they have created.
Groups share ideas in a whole class discussion session.
Groups share information and posters with the class.
Groups share more similar properties than do periods, however.
Groups share pit toilets, water, and a pavilion.
Groups share the gallery with families.
Groups share their completed chapters with the entire class.
Groups share their ideas in a class discussion.
Groups share their insights about models and their use before beginning the astronomy activities.
Groups share their lists with the entire class.
Groups share their model of the solar system and their questions about the planets and the sun.
Groups share their questions with class.
Groups share their questions with the class.
Groups share their skills and expertise with peoples left behind in the nation s economy.
Groups share their solutions with the entire class.
Groups share their stories.
Groups share their thoughts with the rest of the class.
Groups share what they brought to describe themselves.
Groups share what they've done still having fun.
Groups share with other groups or class, then cluster the ideas to create criteria.
Groups share with the class the ideas and working definitions they have developed.
Groups share with the class.
Groups sharing a common culture constitute a society.
Groups shown in bold have new messages.
Groups shown in bold include living representatives.
Groups sign up to attend an event to observe the crowd to select a most valuable fan.
Groups sing together from perches in rich, organ-like fluted caroling to advertise territory.
Groups singing caroles go to a house and ask for shelter.
Groups sit round tables with props as shown in box to right.
Groups sleep and do their own cooking on site.
Groups sleep in bunkhouses.
Groups sleep in church and cook their own meals in the church kitchen.
Groups sleep in housing units equipped with bunk beds.
Groups sleep in the church and do their own cooking in the church kitchen.
Groups solve problems, present solutions.
Groups species photos by color and shape to make identification simple and accurate in the field.
Groups spend three nights in four rustic two-bed huts.
Groups sponsor a multitude of activities each year to earn money for their special philanthropies.
Groups spring up right away to protest.
Groups stands outside a designated performance space.
Groups start collecting data from the Internet or other sources.
Groups start entering text and graphics.
Groups start every six months, and meet once a week for four weeks.
Groups start from opposite ends of the floor, facing each other.
Groups start in the spring, summer and fall.
Groups start out with our teams course to build their group interaction and support.
Groups start to develop their own model of distance education.
Groups start to map out their projects.
Groups starting up without sufficient resources come to The Yellow Door for support.
Groups stay checked in administrator when editing.
Groups stay healthier.
Groups stay in a local church building and prepare their own meals.
Groups stay in a local church.
Groups stay in a school and prepare their own meals.
Groups stay in college residence halls and hotels during the summer months.
Groups stay in local churches with showers arranged off- site.
Groups stay together for each session in the same lab.
Groups stay together long enough to complete the project.
Groups staying over the weekend often request a session on the Torah portion of the week.
Groups stored in the directory are accessible for group calendaring in the Calendar client.
Groups strengthen teamwork, listening skills and ensemble playing.
Groups strongly affect organizations.
Groups struggle against one another in society, just as do individuals.
Groups study of a special topic in communication.
Groups studying together disturb others.
Groups submit details of the experiment.
Groups submit one-page progress report on the case study projects .
Groups sue to keep grazing permits in ranchers' hands.
Groups suggest solutions to overcome barriers.
Groups summarize responses and report back orally to the large group.
Groups summarize their data using the overhead for the rest of the class.
Groups supporting public schools and public school teachers likewise tend to be against vouchers.
Groups swallow food.
Groups swap diagrams and add suggestions.
Groups switch maps, so that each child has a new map on their desk.
Groups take a break when finished.
Groups take breaks at their discretion.
Groups take it in turns to challenge the other group to produce a full sentence using the passive.
Groups take notes on the drafts and relay their comments orally.
Groups take on a life of their own.
Groups take on their own personality and evolve over time.
Groups take overnight hikes.
Groups take the stage to receive awards.
Groups take turn using the Internet to locate information about the expedition.
Groups take turns swimming in the waves.
Groups take turns teaching the other group about their particular war.
Groups talk, ministries pray.
Groups teach the lesson they prepared.
Groups teach their anthologies to the class and then receive critiques from their peers.
Groups tee off every eight to ten minutes.
Groups tend to be cross disciplinary, tending to cross the boundaries of multiple sections.
Groups tend to be more inclusive during teenage years.
Groups tend to be organized around specific topics.
Groups tend to be small and are comprised mainly of people from the Rochester region.
Groups tend to change their agendas for each week depending on the needs of the participants.
Groups tend to cluster in the main seating section, near the fireplace, already the tightest area.
Groups tend to coalesce when things go well.
Groups tend to contain one male and up to three females each with up to two offspring.
Groups tend to go through several stages.
Groups tend to make more noise and appear more formidable to a bear.
Groups tend to make more noise than single hikers.
Groups tend to make people feel less isolated.
Groups tend to move separately at times, in order to find new feeding grounds and water sources.
Groups tend to promote fighting and too much competition among players.
Groups test each section of the river for their assigned abiotic factor and collect data.
Groups then assign tasks to their members, who collect information related to their topic.
Groups then begin orienteering exercise, trying to accumulate maximum number of points.
Groups then compare business plans.
Groups then compare the different reflections to the same statements.
Groups then compete to see which group can conquer the new course fastest.
Groups then develop their posters and select one member to present their poster to the class.
Groups then exchange questions and discuss.
Groups then hand their papers in for teacher response.
Groups then make a list of five ways to improve their copy.
Groups then present their findings to the class.
Groups then present their illustrations to the class.
Groups then present their work and analyse the effectiveness of each combined piece.
Groups then read and interpret the assigned lines.
Groups then report back and the whole class chooses one venue.
Groups then return to the large circle.
Groups then review the problems and discuss errors.
Groups then share results with each other.
Groups then share their data with the other groups.
Groups then share their menus and explanations of their choices.
Groups then submit written summaries of the gradation processes encountered.
Groups then swap scripts and have to act out exactly what is on the paper.
Groups then take turns displaying their artwork and reporting their findings.
Groups then use their understandings about reflection to assemble a periscope.
Groups then work to assess the data and come up with strategies that synthesize community input.
Groups together quotes and snippets from all the papers for each subject.
Groups tour annually in the spring.
Groups trade problems and select a manipulative or draw a picture to solve the problems.
Groups travel by jungle road and river to reach our remote location.
Groups travel by tandem canoe, voyageur canoe or raft in the company of experienced guides.
Groups travel on the ground, but feed and sleep in the trees.
Groups travel together to the same location, at the same time.
Groups try to get credit for as many problems in the time allotted as possible.
Groups turn in detailed description of display.
Groups typically consist of one or two larger sunspots surrounded by several smaller members.
Groups typically consist of six to ten adults, with a single group leader.
Groups typically contain animals of both sexes and many different ages.
Groups typically eat out at a restaurant once a week.
Groups typically inhabit conservative clan home ranges.
Groups typically involve a few researchers collaborating or simply sharing equipment.
Groups typically meet once a week for a semester and usually last ninety minutes.
Groups typically meet once a week for one and a half hours on the same day and time every week.
Groups typically meet once a week or eve other week and meeting times vary.
Groups typically meet twice a month.
Groups typically run programs with surf meetings, Bible study, camps, day trips, coaching etc.
Groups typically spend some time just hanging out and getting to know each other.
Groups unite in fight on vouchers.
Groups use catering menu.
Groups use drama to demonstrate what they are doing in their villages.
Groups use information to create a graphic organizer from construction paper.
Groups use rubrics to grade each model including their own.
Groups use some work time to evaluate past work and nurture group visions of the future.
Groups use stencils and spray paint to mark storm drains and distribute flyers about water quality.
Groups use the facility for meetings, dances, parties, weddings, basketball or volleyball.
Groups use the shared leadership concept.
Groups uses an automated system to test and reactivate email accounts that bounce.
Groups using nonviolence gain self-respect, confidence, and power.
Groups using the accommodation unit do so on a self-catering basis.
Groups using the building are responsible for leaving the facilities in a clean and safe condition.
Groups using the meeting rooms are responsible for arranging the chairs and tables as needed.
Groups using the meeting rooms assume full responsibility for any damage to the room or contents.
Groups using the parks regularly volunteer their time to improve our facilities.
Groups using the room are responsible for cleaning any food or paper products off the tables.
Groups using the room are responsible for setting up the room to meet their own needs.
Groups using vehicles are responsible for paying the deductible in the event of an accident.
Groups vary a great deal in size, composition, and financial arrangements.
Groups vary a lot from location to location.
Groups vary a lot.
Groups vary and none are recommended, however, most work on bringing men together in a local area.
Groups vary considerably when it comes to the cost of involvement.
Groups vary from quarter to quarter.
Groups vary from six weeks to a full semester in length.
Groups vary from social in nature to support groups with specific topics for discussion.
Groups vary greatly in size and are made up of volunteers, who help when they can.
Groups vary in ability from rank novice to expert.
Groups vary in amount of time they spend at the pumpkin farm.
Groups vary in number from two or more to more than a hundred.
Groups vary in ritual, organization, in attitudes toward drugs and in the specific calendar used.
Groups vary in size and ability levels.
Groups vary in size, structure, methods of working, cultural roots, and many other ways.
Groups vary in socioeconomic status, culture, and language.
Groups vary in terms of their self-help behaviors.
Groups vary in their willingness to sacrifice in order to pursue various universally-desired goals.
Groups vary, too, in when they give their members a copy of the agenda.
Groups visit different towns and villages every day, where they present their program.
Groups visit museums and cultural sites and attend special events and religious services.
Groups vow challenges to newly signed voting lines .
Groups walk in and begin to conduct their meetings.
Groups wanting lunch can order in advance.
Groups wanting to be listed here are welcome to submit their pages for linking.
Groups wanting to visit can take advantage of tour services.
Groups Welcome . . .
Groups welcome and special rates offered.
Groups welcome and tours available.
Groups welcome any day and time if pre-booked.
Groups welcome anytime, advance reservations appreciated.
Groups welcome at other times by appointment.
Groups welcome by advance Registration.
Groups welcome by appointment.
Groups welcome by appt.
Groups welcome by arrangement.
Groups welcome by rendez-vous.
Groups welcome by reservation.
Groups welcome Call for info.
Groups welcome for clean-ups.
Groups welcome for lunch and dinner with advanced reservation.
Groups welcome for lunch and dinner, reservations required.
Groups welcome on any day and at any time throughout the year by appointment.
Groups welcome page.
Groups welcome with a reservation.
Groups welcome with advance notice.
Groups welcome with advance reservation.
Groups welcome with advance reservations.
Groups welcome with discounts available.
Groups welcome with prior arrangements.
Groups welcome with reservations.
Groups welcome, advance notice required for groups of ten or more.
Groups welcome, discount available.
Groups welcome, discounts available.
Groups welcome, discounts offered.
Groups welcome, free tours.
Groups welcome, handicapped accessible and tours available.
Groups welcome, meeting facilities, package plan.
Groups welcome, private function rooms available.
Groups welcome, reservations appreciated.
Groups welcome, reservations please.
Groups welcome, scouts, schools, seniors, churches.
Groups win points for starting meetings on time, etc.
Groups wishing to volunteer for one-time or seasonal projects are welcome.
Groups work best when everybody arrives on time and the group finishes at the agreed upon time.
Groups work best when they have a clear purpose.
Groups work cooperatively to compose a word problem.
Groups work on basic design for website.
Groups work on collages as they discuss their land use plan.
Groups work on homework.
Groups work on proposals.
Groups work on the diagrams and code, whatever is necessary.
Groups work on the paper outside of class with each member having a different role.
Groups work on the specific production needs, such as music, choreography and lines.
Groups work on their movie.
Groups work on various projects through the year.
Groups work simultaneously, trying to be the first ones that have what's needed.
Groups work through a twelve-step recovery workbook.
Groups work through each case using prior knowledge and identifying areas for further study.
Groups work together in accomplishing activity goals.
Groups work together on a specific topic over a period of time.
Groups work together on advocacy issues and system improvements.
Groups work together on panel-symposiums, puppet shows and television programs.
Groups work together so that every individual learns.
Groups work together to assemble and illustrate their assigned chapters.
Groups work together to design and build a project.
Groups work valiantly to help public understand climate issue.
Groups work well.
Groups work with government departments when they choose to - no one is looking over their shoulder.
Groups working in any administrative area within the five colleges are welcome to apply.
Groups working on a special project can request additional time from the planning committee.
Groups working on the project comprise a long list of formal and ad hoc committees.
Groups working together with a good system can outperform the government every time.
Groups working with kids can today go to a government office and get an appointment.
Groups working with victims of child pornography are outraged.
Groups write storybooks.
Groups write the quotes on flip chart paper.
Groups write their decision on the data sheet.
Group always ends with the same qigong set.
Groups always welcome.
Groups frequently achieve results which surpass the sum of each individual contribution.
Groups frequently organize meetings jointly with other learned societies.
Groups often begin in the fall, plan during the winter, and build in the spring.
Groups often change from day to day.
Groups often collect tree to put in lakes as artificial reefs .
Groups often come from conventions or are made up of people who are staying in the same hotel.
Groups often contain more males than females, with usually just one breeding female.
Groups often create their own bylaws.
Groups often establish a dominance hierarchy determined by aggressive behavior.
Groups often fail to publicize such endorsements in writing.
Groups often have formal mechanisms like a monthly meeting.
Groups often have status hierarchy which also pre-shape behavior of members.
Groups often leave time for review of the questions and individual responses.
Groups often make decisions on paper without a clear idea of what that space really means.
Groups often make one hit and remix it over and over again.
Groups often notice people s problems before they get to crisis point.
Groups often plan a meal before or after the devotional.
Groups often play music that is written for several different sizes of instrument.
Groups often reach conclusion as to how to resolve a problem, but time goes by without action.
Groups often reflect society's divisions.
Groups often send funding requests all over the place.
Groups often shuffle around trying to find enough space to meet.
Groups often spend their lunch hour in the area.
Groups often stop at a grocery store nearby to supplement the breakfast with extra food.
Groups often swim in perfect synchrony.
Groups sometimes compete with each other and sometimes cooperate.
Groups sometimes have a general, open-ended purpose such as personal growth.
Groups sometimes meet in the organiser's home, or a community centre, office or hall.
Groups sometimes swim in various geometric configurations, such as a V-shape.
Groups sometimes think they are using concensus but revert to voting when they cant all agree.
Groups sometimes travel together from churches or retirement communities.
Groups usually choose to cover five or six of the eleven chapters.
Groups usually consist of an adult pair and their immature offspring.
Groups usually consist of five to ten students.
Groups usually contain people who are friends.
Groups usually contain two adults of each sex, but typically only one female reproduces each year.
Groups usually cover only one country, but occasionally a single group is used in several countries.
Groups usually get together at least every other week.
Groups usually have about eight students, a group tutor and volunteer tutors.
Groups usually have between six and ten members.
Groups usually have more significant periodic trends than periods and blocks, explained below.
Groups usually have specialists in different subjects.
Groups usually have the same assignment flexibility as individual inputs.
Groups usually meet monthly in a library, church, or someone's home.
Groups usually meet once a week for eight weeks.
Groups usually meet once week for dinner and classes.
Groups usually meet weekly.
Groups usually perform poorly when there are too few or too many members.
Groups usually rely on majority rule to make decisions in such situations.
Groups usually spend at least one weekend in Santa Fe and Taos.
All group are free of charge.
All group campsites require reservations.
All group visits for students or adults are by appointment only.
All groups affected by genocidal acts want only to be remembered equally.
All groups agree or strongly agree that the schools are a safe learning environment.
All groups agree that the school facilities are in good condition.
All groups agree that the schools are run in a cost effective manner.
All groups agreeing with the Statement of Principles can endorse it.
All groups anxiously await the finale next week.
All groups are able to access the library and new groups are actively supported.
All groups are able to make a valid start.
All groups are accessible to all clients and all staff contribute to their delivery.
All groups are accompanied by licensed guides.
All groups are age specific.
All groups are at the forefront of research in their specific disciplines.
All groups are autonomous and have their own criteria for membership.
All groups are co-ed.
All groups are coed.
All groups are co-educational, and have an equal number of young men and women.
All groups are co-educational.
All groups are concerned about control over the Golan Heights, and many speak out adamantly.
All groups are concerned about increasing workloads and inadequate resources.
All groups are confidential, professionally facilitated and focused on shared concerns.
All groups are confidential.
All groups are curricular offerings with one hour credit.
All groups are devoted to pornography.
All groups are discrete.
All groups are ethnocentric.
All groups are free and confidential.
All groups are free and open to the public.
All groups are free and student-run.
All groups are free of charge and confidential.
All groups are free of charge unless otherwise indicated.
All groups are free of charge.
All groups are free to maintain links with coreligionists in other countries.
All groups are free, accessible and confidential.
All groups are free.
All groups are highly active in their field.
All groups are in the same competition.
All groups are in ZIP format.
All groups are independent and work together as a voluntary association of free- thought groups.
All groups are independent and work together as a voluntary association of free-thought groups.
All groups are interactive, creating a safe environment for participation.
All groups are interested in making their material widely accessible.
All groups are nonprofit organizations.
All groups are open and free.
All groups are open by permission of the conductor to music majors and non-music majors alike.
All groups are open to all students.
All groups are open to any community member and are free of charge.
All groups are open to anyone over twenty years old, of any nationality.
All groups are open to everyone working on any issue with a church or no church .background.
All groups are open to high school and middle school students.
All groups are open to new members.
All groups are open to new persons.
All groups are open to various ages, however.
All groups are open.
All groups are part of their local district promotional council.
All groups are public.
All groups are radio equipped.
All groups are regularly available, time limited and structured, and led by qualified staff.
All groups are responsible for cleaning the main building.
All groups are responsible for damage charges.
All groups are responsible for setting up tables and chairs prior to their meetings.
All groups are responsible for their own transportation and meals.
All groups are same-sex groups.
All groups are separate.
All groups are strongly computationally oriented.
All groups are subject to acceptance at the discretion of the insurer.
All groups are supportive of gene therapy to treat disease.
All groups are time limited, and address a variety of issues related to sexual violence.
All groups are to be proportionately represented for testing.
All groups are to register items for sale prior to event.
All groups are very welcome at the breakfast, as well.
All groups are video taped and audio taped, with tapes provided as a compliment to our clients.
All groups are welcome to invite their sponsor to the presentation.
All groups are welcome.
All groups benefit from an experienced facilitator being present and moderating the group.
All groups can ask for critique of their presentation.
All groups can communicate through professional conferences and publications.
All groups can poke fun at particular individuals.
All groups can see and hear a multicast event and experience the reaction of others to the event.
All groups can see the benefits of what they are trying to achieve.
All groups can seek to involve women in developing health policies more proactively.
All groups can share their findings.
All groups can wear their organizations t-shirts and bring in a banner.
All groups clean up their rooms, return keys, and load buses.
All groups come on stage led by pipers, drummers or trumpeters.
All groups come together and share their information.
All groups compete throughout the year.
All groups contain three people.
All groups create and complete the two matrices for human requirements and skills.
All groups demonstrate that they are all equally technophobic and equally technophilic.
All groups devote or plan to devote the fewest hours per week to student clubs and organizations.
All groups eat together in the Pine Lake Dining Hall.
All groups encourage spiritual growth through study, prayer and fellowship.
All groups end eventually.
All groups enjoy freedom of religion.
All groups equally share the tasks and work together as a group.
All groups face the issue of the division of labor in the accomplishment of a complex task.
All groups follow a leader.
All groups follow age appropriate activities.
All groups form for reasons.
All groups function througout the year, some breaking for school holidays.
All groups get their own URLs and a listing in our searchable state-wide directory.
All Groups Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
All groups handle their own program and provide their own staff.
All groups have a clearer sense of where the institution is moving.
All groups have a dynamically created page.
All groups have a leader.
All groups have a level of subscribedness .
All groups have a maturation cycle of infancy, maturity, and old age.
All groups have assistants to help inexperienced riders.
All groups have head offices in Suva with branches and agencies throughout Fiji.
All groups have lots of weapons.
All groups have one or two months follow-up period at the school in Massachusetts.
All groups have one year remaining in their current contracts.
All groups have only two nodes.
All groups have plenty of speaking, listening and pronunciation practice.
All groups have such codes.
All groups have swimmers with a wide range of swimming abilities and ages.
All groups have the options of eating meals served in the dining hall and prepared by our staff.
All groups have the same brand and thickness of foil.
All groups have their own chairman and vice-chairman that coordinate the activities of each.
All groups have to be prepared to present on discussion days.
All groups help assess the work using a shared rubric.
All groups hold open auditions, offer credit, and perform once or twice each term.
All groups indirectly compete with one another.
All groups influence one another to a greater or lesser degree.
All groups jog slowly around the area within the cones.
All groups keep the donations they earn.
All groups listed in the group buffer are solid groups.
All groups live in a wilderness setting, moving from site to site each day.
All groups lose from imposing a tariff in the South or in the North.
All groups love it.
All groups make up some kind of social contract.
All groups meet at the church unless otherwise indicated.
All groups meet during the day.
All groups meet for six sessions unless otherwise noted.
All groups meet in homes.
All groups meet in Northampton.
All groups meet in our chat rooms .
All groups meet in the youth room on the upper level.
All groups meet monthly unless noted.
All groups meet monthly, and all members are strongly encouraged to be in a group.
All groups meet regularly and generally require a minimal amount of time.
All groups meet regularly to help addicts stay clean.
All groups meet two hours per week.
All groups now have four age classes present.
All groups organized by what they are against carry the seeds of their own destruction.
All groups otherwise share the same assumptions about the main driving forces.
All groups paint for pleasure.
All groups participate in a fiesta, with religious services, processions, and ritual dancing.
All groups participate in public performances throughout the year.
All groups pay the return postage.
All groups perceive technology as increasingly important both to the economy and to education.
All groups perform in our five major concerts throughout our Concert Series.
All groups perform on and off campus and regularly tour the states and abroad.
All groups perform on campus, and the music groups also tour extensively.
All groups plan activities and set goals for the upcoming year.
All groups play each day.
All groups prepare solo or etude.
All groups produce a final report, which is defended before an external jury.
All groups provide many activities that cater for the specific age group.
All groups read and discuss Russian prose of different genres.
All groups receive a certificate.
All groups receive a model rocket kit, and a certificate of participation.
All groups receive a public address welcome and their group name scrolled on the massage center.
All groups receive a warm colonial welcome.
All groups receive conventional therapeutic modalities for dysphagia.
All groups receive full academic credit.
All groups receive full on-river safety instruction.
All groups rehearse regularly and prepare concerts for public presentation.
All groups remain unassimilated in the same ratios.
All groups report back.
All groups report feeling uncomfortable at Greek system events.
All groups require a structure of obedience however informal.
All groups require an advance reservation.
All groups require an intake assessment interview prior to attending.
All groups require pre-group screening .
All groups require pre-screening.
All groups review All of the listed questions.
All groups rotate clockwise to the next sheet of paper.
All groups rotate until each has a score.
All groups run for average duration of one and a half hours.
All groups save on service fees.
All groups seem to be at varying levels of activity.
All groups seem to co-exist in the neighborhood with little friction.
All groups share aspects of their personal lives with one another at group meetings.
All groups share in an umbrella insurance policy which saves on the cost of coverage.
All groups share their proceedings with the full committee at all times.
All groups show clear alternation of generations.
All groups sponsor a variety of conference programs, projects, and publications.
All groups start with no members, or have to deal with loosing membership.
All groups start with the same number of influence points.
All groups strive for a high degree of technical proficiency and ensemble skill.
All groups take part in anti-Jewish attacks, looting and murder.
All groups tend to teach.
All groups then list their best testable questions on the board.
All groups then run all versions of the topics.
All groups travel in modern, air-conditioned buses.
All groups use some form of written presentation.
All groups use their fraction circles to verify the response.
All groups using library kitchen equipment are responsible for cleaning it up.
All groups using mature process are closest to optimal efficiency.
All groups using the building are responsible for locking up after themselves.
All groups welcome alumni from different classes.
All groups welcome back their friends in their own way with deep love and camaraderie.
All groups welcome inquiries and applications for membership.
All groups welcome new members and adhere to the college's anti-discrimination policies.
All groups welcome new members and encourage students to join.
All groups welcome new members, graduate and undergraduate alike.
All groups welcome new members.
All groups welcome, for any reason.
All groups welcome.
All groups work according to a set of unspoken ground rules.
All groups work on similar projects during class periods.
Any group can also submit their group information through a form on the library web page.
Any group can book the portable equipment for a period of up to one day.
Any group can give itself an official sounding name or logo.
Any group can give itself an official-sounding name or logo.
Any group can go into Russia and claim to be a Bible church.
Any group can have a calendar associated with it.
Any group can have a customized version.
Any group can order bulk amounts of publications for their group.
Any group can prejudge or be prejudiced toward another group.
Any group can qualify as long as the logo or group of logos represents one company.
Any group can take part.
Any group can use joint tenancy.
Any group exceeding maximum length is subject to disqualification.
Any group forms a system in itself.
Any group has the right to believe what it wants, but student groups have to follow student rules.
Any group has the right to determine what it is they believe.
Any group is free to establish any system of governance within their group that they desire.
Any group organizing for change can expect late e-mail.
Any group playing a full round is entitled to pass a player playing a shorter round.
Any group renting the facility is responsible for damages to facilities by their party.
Any group respecting the aforementioned criteria is a potential partner of the fair trade movement.
Any group working together for a common goal requires the same relationship and functional skills.
Any groups choosing to remain local are no longer able to accept new members.
Any groups finishing early can turn reports in early.
Every group begins with a review of group rules .
Every group begins with a review of group rules.
Every group belongs to a group class called an abstract group.
Every group can have a bad night.
Every group can have a different admin-password.
Every group can sing and sing well.
Every group considers themselves collaborative.
Every group contains a maximal abelian subgroup.
Every group decides how to handle it in a different way.
Every group develops a unique linguistic shorthand.
Every group develops independently.
Every group disagrees at some point.
Every group does that.
Every group explains to the rest the nature of the activities they have been engaged in.
Every group follows a unique training protocol designed to meets the needs every athlete.
Every group gets a chance to use the lounge to host meetings.
Every group gets a month.
Every group gets an article and an algorithm to be studied and explained.
Every group gets half an hour to teach the other groups some of their dances.
Every group goes through stages, very predictable stages.
Every group has a certain style.
Every group has a couple of experts.
Every group has a culture of some sort.
Every group has a detailed strategic plan and workplan.
Every group has a different shaped cylinder.
Every group has a different story of how they became a band.
Every group has a distinct, complex personality.
Every group has a dominant and submissive person.
Every group has a faithful action of each variance.
Every group has a particular health issue, above and beyond language.
Every group has a right and prerogative to name itself as it chooses.
Every group has a right to be heard, but every citizen has a right to know who is being heard.
Every group has a sex symbol.
Every group has a slightly different itinerary.
Every group has a smart guy, a dumb guy, the funny guy.
Every group has a story.
Every group has a topic.
Every group has ample justification for hating their neighbors, if they want to hate someone.
Every group has an atmosphere or climate of some type.
Every group has an identity and an atmosphere.
Every group has different musical talent.
Every group has it happen.
Every group has it's own fighting style.
Every group has lots of cost share.
Every group has needs.
Every group has one person who decides the amount and taste to add.
Every group has one truly special person.
Every group has only one representative to input the schedule.
Every group has questions.
Every group has several items of discussion going on at the same time.
Every group has some bad apples.
Every group has some jokes to recall.
Every group has something for everyone.
Every group has subgroups, since G and are both subgroups of G .
Every group has their original theme to study and cooperate each other.
Every group has to accomplish tasks and maintain itself if it is going to continue to function.
Every group has to do fundraisers to stay in the black.
Every group has to do what it has to do.
Every group has two group counselors who live in the cabin with their group.
Every group has untapped potential for excellence.
Every group is a cell of the whole.
Every group is a little different, with different activities, kinds of people, etc.
Every group is accompanied by experienced guides and a cook.
Every group is accompanied by experienced guides, sportsmen-instructors and a cook.
Every group is allocated a certain amount of money by the group above it.
Every group is angry at some other group.
Every group is as unique as the members of which it is comprised and an entity unto itself.
Every group is bound to have a few dummies running around.
Every group is different, therefore, the answer is different for each group.
Every group is different.
Every group is ethnocentric.
Every group is held back or slowed by lack of enough leadership.
Every group is isomorphic to a group of permutations.
Every group is isomorphic to a permutation group.
Every group is one more to look after so generally having less groups saves time for other things.
Every group is passionate, and narrow in focus.
Every group is precious.
Every group is responsible for evaluating the presenter groups.
Every group is so different.
Every group is strengthened and inspired by the other groups' spiritual development.
Every group is to be commended, if only for the fact that they are in existence.
Every group is unique in both focus and type of work undertaken.
Every group is unique.
Every group is urged to explore all other funding opportunities.
Every group is welcome.
Every group likes to grab a microphone.
Every group makes decisions.
Every group needs a high reader and a creative child.
Every group needs a method of getting the word out to the world at large.
Every group needs ad specialties at some point.
Every group needs help in activities.
Every group needs leaders yet often jealousy is a by product of it.
Every group needs someone from each school.
Every group needs someone to push hard and think big things.
Every group needs to have an old man.
Every group needs to reapply for space each year.
Every group now has a private chatroom.
Every group occasionally has a bad performance.
Every group ought to be fully self-supporting, declining outside contributions.
Every group ought to be like that, and our relationships between our groups ought to be like that.
Every group overlaps genetically with every other.
Every group participating in Homecoming creates a banner.
Every group passes laws, rules, edicts and pronouncements which everyone ignores.
Every group renews their organization annually.
Every group represents diversity.
Every group runs a weekly seminar through all the academic year.
Every group seeks others.
Every group seems to get the weird notion they are immune.
Every group seems to have some very scary and violent people lurking in the background.
Every group serves itself.
Every group turns in a sheet with the names and phone numbers of each member.
Every group uses different passages and versions of the Bible to support their claims.
Every group wants to be made to feel that they are the only meeting in town.
Every group wants to have a sense of belonging.
Every group wants to see itself as the victim of other groups.
Many group processes pursue consensus in a simple minded way.
Many groups add a pleasant river cruise to their day in Greenwich.
Many groups advertise their meetings.
Many groups also hold self-defense training for the community.
Many groups also make time for sightseeing in downtown Chicago, just a short subway ride away.
Many groups also offer classes for interested students.
Many groups also publish educational journals, newsletters, and books.
Many groups also question the independence of Turkey's courts.
Many groups also receive additional income by holding a raffle or silent auction.
Many groups also send their newsletters to the media.
Many groups also teach daytime workshops and seminars which are a popular addition to an event.
Many groups also use the sansa and xylophones.
Many groups apply quotas to affirmative action as a form of self-regulation.
Many groups are able to coordinate great research with smaller amounts of funding.
Many groups are ad hoc and temporary, never outliving the issue that inspired their creation.
Many groups are already committed to the project.
Many groups are also active in the summer months, although on a less formal basis.
Many groups are also interested in consumer rights.
Many groups are at particular risk.
Many groups are concerned that that kind of free trade chips away at human rights.
Many groups are devoted to representing the political and social interests of particular age-groups.
Many groups are free, but some require a fee.
Many groups are in two to three pieces with recliners, love seats, or sofas.
Many groups are likely to have similar categories, perhaps with different names.
Many groups are local, or exclusive to particular countries.
Many groups are now extinct and are known only as fossils.
Many groups are secular.
Many groups are still open to new members.
Many groups are underrepresented and underserved.
Many groups are under-represented in traditional and new information sources.
Many groups are under-resourced and pressed for time.
Many groups are very eager to connect with young people.
Many groups are vocal on the subject, and arson figures prominently in popular fiction.
Many groups are willing to compromise on their noncompete provisions.
Many groups are worried about the future of biotechnology and some talk about genetic piracy.
Many groups arrange for sightseeing and other activities for spouses and, sometimes, children.
Many groups arrange to visit both gardens for an hour or more each with or without a guided tour.
Many groups become stagnant and do the same activities year after year.
Many groups begin their work centering on life review or reminiscence.
Many groups believe that agencies are making the wrong decisions.
Many groups blend traditions.
Many groups bring a bag lunch and picnic in the pavillion.
Many groups bring a brown bag lunch.
Many groups bring outside speakers to share tinnitus treatments, coping skills, and success stories.
Many groups bring their own retreat directors.
Many groups camp out in Blue Springs.
Many groups can adopt neighborhood sites to keep clean.
Many groups can benefit by bringing a neighbourhood reuse web site to their community.
Many groups can benefit from training about fair housing rights.
Many groups can benefit from understanding how state registered apprenticeship programs work.
Many groups can now send and receive email including attachments with relative success.
Many groups can provide valuable experience and connections to the job market.
Many groups can put the power of their money behind their issues.
Many groups charter the train for special events.
Many groups choose to give out free gifts , such as lollies and stickers .
Many groups choose to give out free gifts, such as lollies and stickers.
Many groups choose to maintain a status quo and don t actively seek changes.
Many groups choose to meet outside the home, in which case there are several options available.
Many groups choose to move from discussion and reflection to local community action.
Many groups claim such a struggle as an integral part of their American heritage.
Many groups cohere well and often they have their own further meetings and social occasions.
Many groups combine backpacking with river float adventures.
Many groups come together in the face of a short-term crisis and then disband.
Many groups concentrate on a single spectroscopic technique.
Many groups conduct Civil War reenactments that are open to the public.
Many groups conduct extensive interviews, draw up detailed contracts and even do home inspections.
Many groups create a government to decide how things are to be done .
Many groups create a government to decide how things are to be done.
Many groups create awards simply to attract celebrities.
Many groups currently reserve meeting room space on a daily, weekly or monthly basis.
Many groups dance on the carpet or rent a dance floor from outside sources.
Many groups deal with issues such as teen health, smoking and racism.
Many groups defend slavery, as well.
Many groups develop their own traditions such as holiday parties or hobby nights.
Many groups divide up problem sets and each member presents something at each meeting.
Many groups do it and do it well.
Many groups do it.
Many groups encourage families and friends to participate along with the patient or survivor.
Many groups even bring gas stoves for cooking oden, sukiyaki, ramen and much more.
Many groups exist elsewhere that already are working to control or limit small arms transfers.
Many groups exist for all kinds of people.
Many groups exist in many countries, and are currently in a ferment world-wide.
Many groups face the same problems.
Many groups feel normal water flows provide the most enjoyable ride.
Many groups find that meeting in a group member's home works best.
Many groups find that they are constantly in a hiring mode because of the rapid turnover of staff.
Many groups find themselves constantly reacting to circumstances beyond their control.
Many groups focus on butterflies, moths and beetles.
Many groups focus on particular childhood illnesses or populations.
Many groups follow FIPG guidelines for their risk management policies.
Many groups function successfully with co-leaders or a committed core team.
Many groups gather before families are awake.
Many groups get tee sponsors for additional funds.
Many groups get too big and lose touch with their goals in the first place.
Many groups give food, mentoring, shelter, and other services but go no further.
Many groups go all out for it.
Many groups have a FAQ sheet which new users can peruse.
Many groups have a religious affiliation.
Many groups have a sense of at least a partial common history.
Many groups have an even better ratio.
Many groups have announced intentions to protest the Sydney games, police officials say.
Many groups have difficulties because of miscommunication about what was decided.
Many groups have grave concerns about environmental repercussions from the pipeline as well.
Many groups have ideas about improving participation rates and can offer assistance.
Many groups have informational meetings at the beginning of each school year.
Many groups have informational meetings at the beginning of each semester.
Many groups have more, making the cost considerably less than two dollars per ad.
Many groups have one person who is designated the group leader.
Many groups have payment plans or fundraising opportunities to try to offset some of the costs.
Many groups have personnel who can communicate in languages other than their native tongues.
Many groups have potluck-type events.
Many groups have program chair who is often desperate to find speakers.
Many groups have several CDs to their credit, too.
Many groups have state and national affiliation.
Many groups have to do additional fundraising.
Many groups have volunteer mentors who are experts on a particular product.
Many groups here offer ambitious crafts programs as part of their missions.
Many groups here offer ambitious literary arts programs as part of their missions.
Many groups here offer ambitious visual arts programs as part of their missions.
Many groups here work to similar ends.
Many groups hire a professional planner or project coordinator to deal with the agencies involved.
Many groups hold meetings in the areas surrounding their boards.
Many groups hold weekly seminars concerned with recent developments in their area of research.
Many groups intend to use the network that has been created through the march to further their work.
Many groups invite speakers or hold educational meetings.
Many groups just have their names listed.
Many groups lack the know-how, tools, and confidence to properly evaluate programs.
Many groups like to offer some off-mountain options to add extra spice and variety to the trip.
Many groups like to offer their guests a tour of the house during their event.
Many groups lip sync to their favorite songs . . .
Many groups lobby for money while legislators are in Atlanta figuring out what to fund.
Many groups look alike and have similar structures due to convergent evolution.
Many groups look back to the past and romanticize it.
Many groups maintain informative websites and mailing lists to share technical information.
Many groups make a diagram with the children's name and position.
Many groups make a long-term commitment to raise funds through work projects and church activities.
Many groups make favors or craft items to send along with the meals.
Many groups make use of multiple services.
Many groups meet at regular coffee mornings in each other's homes.
Many groups meet during lunch.
Many groups meet endlessly without ever translating ideas into a plan of action.
Many groups meet for a weekly play date at each other s homes.
Many groups meet in homes, community centers, churches, and quilt and fabric shops.
Many groups meet in private homes.
Many groups meet in the morning before their first appointments.
Many groups meet monthly and usually calendar events in advance so that everyone can participate.
Many groups meet more often throughout the year by mutual decision of the group members.
Many groups meet once a month.
Many groups meet once a week, but sometimes groups meet in privat homes.
Many groups meet regularly in the meeting room.
Many groups meet regularly, once or twice a month.
Many groups meet throughout the city and at our offices.
Many groups now benefit from programs designed to meet their needs.
Many groups now offer on-line ticketing through their Web sites.
Many groups object to zoos because they keep animals in unnatural conditions alien to their habitat.
Many groups offer a number of tools and checklists to help guide and prompt conversations.
Many groups offer free towing.
Many groups offer scholarships through their programs.
Many groups offer short trips to various Central American countries.
Many groups offer special invitations and offers to members.
Many groups offer the safety talk in conjunction with their monthly meeting.
Many groups offer wilderness and advanced first aid classes.
Many groups offer written materials, programs, and advice to help smokers quit for good.
Many groups only serve women and children.
Many groups opt to sponsor an entire home.
Many groups organize to attend as whole colleges, religious sects, and organizations.
Many groups overlap in their activities, doing both re-enactments and serious fighting.
Many groups permit their members to save for a particular purpose - eg.
Many groups plan a picnic after they clean along the highway in order to combine work and fun.
Many groups plan and eat a meal together.
Many groups plan on having shoe or boot collections as a regular annual event.
Many groups plan other social activities and outings together.
Many groups play Baroque music by combining modern strings and winds with the harpsichord.
Many groups post signs around campus with activities that are going on.
Many groups prefer to have a private party at one of our historic locations on the park property.
Many groups prefer to schedule their work around the times that they can most easily get subjects.
Many groups prohibit sexual activity at their events.
Many groups provide a small gift.
Many groups provide general or specific advice on eye problems, support and, sometimes, advocacy.
Many groups provide written statements concerning activities, finances and policies.
Many groups raise funds for their own activities and for national research projects.
Many groups recognize the disparity and are enjoying the direct benefits of audience growth.
Many groups regularly conduct canoe trips down local rivers to note every discharge into the river.
Many groups rely on the latter second as a means of control over their patients.
Many groups remain small or medium sized and informal.
Many groups remain to be discovered, especially in the marine fauna.
Many groups report lower rates.
Many groups report that most of their time wasting occurs during late night sessions.
Many groups representing the performing arts within the city also participate.
Many groups request a storytime program during their visit.
Many groups run their own individual lists for the benefit of their members.
Many groups say increased fees are keeping people with lower incomes out of the parks.
Many groups say most people are in low-paying savings accounts out of choice.
Many groups say they represent the fire code.
Many groups secrete a chitinous skeleton in the polypoid stage.
Many groups see race as an important element of their cultural identity.
Many groups seek out entertaining lecturers for meetings and special events.
Many groups seek to overcome their anxieties about rejoining China by stressing common bonds.
Many groups seem to be more willing to work against each other, then for the common good.
Many groups seem to go well together.
Many groups send outside experts.
Many groups serve the community as well as a way to better ones self.
Many groups sing about sexually immoral issues.
Many groups spend an idyllic week golfing in Scotland without stepping outside the Kingdom of Fife.
Many groups spend the afternoons in an activity.
Many groups spend time re-inventing the wheel, leaving a rich resource untapped.
Many groups sponsor job fairs and workshops.
Many groups sponsor talks and presentations by leaders in particular business fields.
Many groups still advocate repealing the law.
Many Groups take advantage of our regularly scheduled shows.
Many groups take advantage of the space by planning an outdoor activity or reception.
Many groups tour the fire stations each year.
Many groups travel and some stay on campus.
Many groups try to bring people together and create a sense of community.
Many groups try to rouse support from the apathetic general population on campus.
Many groups try to work with the media only to discover that their campaign goals are unclear.
Many groups use a one day hike in combination with other adventure activities.
Many groups use a symbol to identify their members.
Many groups use alternative tuning.
Many groups use Central Park for their activities throughout the year.
Many groups use free tokens to maximize fundraising.
Many groups use it as a farewell song at the end of a performance.
Many groups use our parlor and fellowship hall for functions.
Many groups use the church as a meeting place.
Many groups use the library for field trips.
Many groups use the lovely facility.
Many groups use the meeting rooms available upstairs over the library.
Many groups use the Web to publish documentation.
Many groups use three levels of priority.
Many groups use unethical persuasion tactics in recruiting and retaining members.
Many groups utilize multiple platforms for communication.
Many groups utilize music to focus emotional energy on themselves.
Many groups videotape their symposia for various purposes.
Many groups view the program that resulted as too small.
Many groups visit Boston during the same vacation weeks.
Many groups wish to have shorter trips, and stay mainly in the area around Reykjavik.
Many groups work cooperatively to achieve their goals of fund-raising and other support.
More groups are available.
More groups are formed daily, so contact our sales department for the most current information.
More groups are in the process of forming.
More groups exist for specialized topics such as comp.ai.neural-nets.
More groups means more flexibility, so armies with superior control can maneuver more.
More groups struggle because of poor communication than for any other reason.
Most groups accept student members from any major.
Most groups aim to work alongside professional services.
Most groups also have an anti-group.
Most groups also have listings of the types of businesses that benefit most from networking.
Most groups also have membership directories which can also be helpful in making contacts.
Most groups also record in the minutes who attended the meeting, and who was absent.
Most groups also require a pre-group interview with the leader or leaders.
Most groups also require study hours each week.
Most groups appear to be monogamous , with only one reproductively active male and female.
Most groups are able to obtain local grants to help cut the costs even further.
Most groups are by audition.
Most groups are co-ed with a senior staff psychologist.
Most groups are co-educational, and have an equal number of young men and women.
Most groups are concerned with developing or maintaining neighbourhood recreation facilities.
Most groups are decidedly less ambitious about breaking new ground.
Most groups are Denver, Colorado based.
Most groups are free but some charge a fee.
Most groups are free or very low cost and meet weekly, or at least regularly.
Most groups are free, meet monthly, and have up to fifteen members.
Most groups are large and employ a range of techniques.
Most groups are mixed although there are some single sex groups available.
Most groups are open to both men and women on an equal basis.
Most groups are open to new members.
Most groups are open to people of any race or gender.
Most groups are open to receiving new members at any point in their process.
Most groups are opposed to specific aspects of contemporary society.
Most groups are simply small groups of people that have agreed to work together.
Most groups are somewhere in between.
Most groups are split into subgroups.
Most groups are still off line.
Most groups are student-led and the participants pick the topic.
Most groups are surprised at how much they agree upon and how many values they hold in common.
Most groups are temporary associations, without regard to sex or age.
Most groups are temporary, and very few have web-sites.
Most groups are the creation of one or two dedicated individuals.
Most groups are unmoderated.
Most groups arrange lectures and computer demonstrations.
Most groups ask for a contribution towards the cost of transport.
Most groups can benefit from links into our online campus telephone and email directories .
Most groups care mostly about their own problems.
Most groups charge a per head fee in addition to reimbursement of travel expenses.
Most groups choose bright safety orange whistles with their logo or name imprinted on it.
Most groups choose to allot more time for their keynote speaker than for other speakers.
Most groups choose to arrive in Lincolnshire the afternoon or evening before their site visit.
Most groups choose to camp out.
Most groups choose to meet in the home of one of the members.
Most groups choose to start with a black and white map which can be done very cheaply.
Most groups choose to take two classes during the school year and as many as three in the summer.
Most Groups conduct regular meetings, reunions, or some sort of get together.
Most groups dedicate time to improving parts of their experiments after they are completed.
Most groups demand some degree of allegiance of their members.
Most groups designate a board of directors and divide the responsibilities.
Most groups distinguish red , white , blue and yellow stars .
Most groups distinguish red, white, blue and yellow stars.
Most groups do a mixture of bi-related discussions and social events.
Most groups do a poor job keeping track of their non-cash gifts.
Most groups do at least some planning prior to their demonstration.
Most groups do contain more than two people.
Most groups do have rules of etiquette, but it is up to everyone involved to follow the rules.
Most groups eat together before or after the Bible study.
Most groups emerge with the continued promotion of cultural awareness.
Most groups encourage the use of the Internet.
Most groups exhibit nonrandom evolutionary dynamics over long periods of time.
Most groups expect inflation and interest rates to remain low.
Most groups find a piece they like and the anonymous aspect takes away the pressure.
Most groups find a way of growing.
Most groups find out about the ministry through word of mouth.
Most groups find that meeting monthly is sufficient.
Most groups find that once a month is ideal.
Most groups formally adopt written rules of parliamentary procedure.
Most groups formally adopt written rules of procedure.
Most groups have a handwritten collection of rituals and lore, known as a Book of Shadows .
Most groups have a handwritten collection of rituals and lore, known as a Book of Shadows.
Most groups have a mix of ages.
Most groups have a mix of published and unpublished writers.
Most groups have a nominal membership fee.
Most groups have a one-time pledge and initiation fee plus semester dues.
Most groups have a strong tendency toward regional body specialization or tagmosis.
Most groups have access to someone who has HTML experience or can readily learn HTML markup.
Most groups have an automatic mailing list system for redistributing information.
Most groups have both an instrumental leader and an expressive leader.
Most groups have distinct agendas when it comes to management of the river.
Most Groups have from six to ten TPs and AGs.
Most groups have general meetings at the beginning of fall term.
Most groups have help files which shouold be read before posting for the first time.
Most groups have legal, social support networks.
Most groups have no membership fees and are open to all ages and skill levels.
Most groups have no physical significance.
Most groups have one.
Most groups have programs to help beginners get started.
Most groups have ritual practices of some kind or another.
Most groups have rules and restrictions on advertisements.
Most groups have similar costs.
Most groups have some sort of periodic posting that explains the group.
Most groups have student memberships.
Most groups have success stories, authors whose works have made it into publication.
Most groups have their own fiscal agents and staff who write grants and pursue fund raising.
Most groups have very specific purposes and rules.
Most groups hold many events that welcome interested members throughout the year.
Most groups hold regular meetings at local centers or restaurants.
Most groups keep the same plan design from year to year.
Most groups lack a formal list of species.
Most groups like to include a cartoon or some other humor.
Most groups maintain a list for daily support as needed.
Most groups meet during the school year, and some meet year-round.
Most groups meet evenings and weekends, but mid days and mornings are also an option.
Most groups meet fortnightly in the evening.
Most groups meet in homes where a warm, informal environment can be established.
Most groups meet in local schools or other place familiar to children.
Most groups meet in people's homes and a few meet at the church.
Most groups meet in private homes.
Most groups meet in the evening, but a few groups meet during the early afternoon.
Most groups meet in the same place on the same day every month.
Most groups meet monthly during the school year and weekly during the summer.
Most groups meet once a month for a time of fellowship, Bible study and prayer.
Most Groups meet once a month, however some groups meet twice a month or even weekly.
Most groups meet once a month, usually at the home of one of the members.
Most groups meet once a week to offer support and encouragement.
Most groups meet once each week for two to three hours.
Most groups meet once or twice a month and have two different program agendas.
Most groups meet once or twice weekly, led by a lay coordinator.
Most groups meet one evening on a weekly basis, some biweekly, usually in the leader's home.
Most groups meet regularly once a month and the discussions last between one and two hours.
Most groups meet three times a month and take the fourth week off.
Most groups meet twice weekly for five weeks.
Most groups meet two hours a day, though more or less hours can be arranged.
Most groups meet weekly for six to eight weeks, and all groups are strictly confidential.
Most groups meet weekly or biweekly.
Most groups offer a companion children's group.
Most groups offer students exactly what they advertise.
Most groups offer their services free of charge and registration is simple.
Most groups only sponsor one event every other month, once a quarter, or even twice annually.
Most groups operate during school terms - call for further information.
Most groups operate on a non-hierachical basis and many even refuse to have official spokespeople.
Most groups operate on bare bones budgets.
Most groups organise training, especially for people who wish to become licensed as a bat worker.
Most groups participate in the three-day program.
Most groups perform three to four times a year for several weekends.
Most groups physically build a section of a school, usually without electricity.
Most groups plan a symposium because they have a specific topic in mind.
Most groups planning a food function utilize a caterer.
Most groups practice infanticide, either of unwanted females or deformed infants.
Most groups provide greatly reduced rates for students.
Most groups provide training.
Most groups publish a more extensive newsletter, including articles, advertising, and letters.
Most groups qualify for special pricing.
Most groups read fiction, most of the time.
Most groups request the eviction of a problem tenant.
Most groups require advance registration.
Most groups require members to subscribe, though there is no fee.
Most groups require membership at the pool to participate.
Most groups require that everything discussed at the group remains confidential.
Most groups reserve the right to reject or deny any application for whatever reason.
Most groups say that it is a lot of fun to get together and feed so many at such a low cost.
Most groups say their greatest needs are volunteers and foster homes.
Most groups schedule a two and one-half hour trip.
Most groups schedule their visits so that they can see the clock chime at least once.
Most groups seem very focused on getting through the worksheet.
Most groups select a leader early on, especially if the work is a long-term project.
Most groups send out an allpluto email to inform students what s happening.
Most groups simply let the moment pass by.
Most groups spend approximately two hours touring the exhibition.
Most groups sponsor talks and presentations by business leaders in particular fields.
Most groups start the third week of the semester.
Most groups start with their most difficult pieces, then ease up as they go.
Most groups take a little more than an hour to see the museum.
Most groups takes five days, four nights.
Most groups teach some beginner steps at the start of the session.
Most groups tend to be fairly short-term, ranging from three to eight sessions.
Most groups tend to govern themselves along the leader's guidelines.
Most groups use a combination.
Most groups use fax technology in some way or another.
Most groups use it as an independent study like the others.
Most groups use school buses or charter buses.
Most groups use some form of parliamentary procedure for their meetings.
Most groups use video for presence detection.
Most groups vary in their sophistication with every topic.
Most groups wash the dogs in good flea shampoo and trim nails.
Most groups welcome new members at any time of year.
Most groups welcome new members.
Most groups welcome people without regard to sexual orientation.
Most groups welcome people without regard to their sexual orientation.
Most groups welcome visitors.
Most groups worm for hook, whip, and tape.
Some groups always seem to be playing.
Some groups often live by some handouts from the humans when it comes to food sources being scarce.
Some group extend through time.
Some group is sure to find that the most paperclips are attracted to the ends of the magnet.
Some group needs to take the first step.
Some group quizzes.
Some group reading activity takes place on occasion, for book discussions.
Some group reads occur once in a while for discussion purposes.
Some group thinks their gods are the real ones, so some other group has to renounce their own.
Some groups actively promote intolerance, hatred and even violence toward non-members.
Some groups actually destroy test crops.
Some groups allow alters to explore their own thoughts and feelings and have body time.
Some groups allow anyone at all to post a message.
Some groups allow fantasy characters e.g. elves, vampires, characters from Tolkien novels etc.
Some groups allow only generic drugs as maintenance.
Some groups allow speakers to sell their works at the event.
Some groups allow team freestyling as well.
Some groups also communicate via an online discussion group.
Some groups also do fundraising projects together.
Some groups also exist for stepfamilies.
Some groups also form email groups among themselves for support between telephone sessions.
Some groups also have active collaborations and support from the pharmaceutical industry.
Some groups also have by-laws governing meeting process, etc.
Some groups also have very high volume.
Some groups also incorporate educational speakers on topics of interest.
Some groups also like to plan one or two outings each year, such as a picnic in the summertime.
Some groups also maintain shelters, though there are few such facilities.
Some groups also meet at the dark of the moon.
Some groups also offer a discount on their normal unit trust initial charges.
Some groups also offer discounts for families on a low income.
Some groups also offer free resources via their web sites.
Some groups also participate in some form of ministry outside the church.
Some groups also plan special service and outreach projects.
Some groups also play other sports.
Some groups also provide free testing for poor inmates.
Some groups also rate various Internet sites as being kid-friendly or for adult only.
Some groups also require a password.
Some groups also reserve reverence for the moon.
Some groups also revere the moon.
Some groups also run charters on non-scheduled airlines.
Some groups also run their own file and mail servers with links to the desktop.
Some groups also show negro blood.
Some groups also use a hand accordion.
Some groups alternate responsibilities on each cycle so that everyone takes on different roles.
Some groups appear in films.
Some groups appear only on research machines, others only within the instructional domain.
Some groups appear to be especially hurt by the old standard.
Some groups appear to have already taken the armed option.
Some groups are a bit large for the average living room and so gather in a hall or some such.
Some groups are accountability focused and include a higher relational and prayer component.
Some groups are actually difficult to volunteer for.
Some groups are all males, some all females, and some are mixed.
Some groups are also open to friends and family members.
Some groups are an overnight success, while others struggle along for months or years.
Some groups are as small as ten adults, others as large as twenty.
Some groups are associated with religious denominations - others are secular.
Some groups are at greater risk.
Some groups are at higher risk for TB than others.
Some groups are at increased risk for cancer.
Some groups are Bible oriented, as the emphasis is on teaching the Bible.
Some groups are Bible Study oriented, and others do such things as regular service projects.
Some groups are by invitation only, tapping waiting lists only when members die.
Some groups are by state and others by city or metropolitan area.
Some groups are concerned about environmental damage.
Some groups are concerned about the control the Palestinian political leadership has over funds.
Some groups are effective, while others are ineffective at performing the tasks at hand.
Some groups are especially at risk of poverty.
Some groups are even plumper.
Some groups are explicitly about jobs and vacancies.
Some groups are famous for spray-painting expensive fur coats.
Some groups are finite.
Some groups are for large clients, in the thousands of dollars.
Some groups are formal and focus on learning about cancer or dealing with feelings.
Some groups are general, but most focus on an area that all group members have in common.
Some groups are general, others are specific to certain topics or vendors.
Some groups are harder hit.
Some groups are heavier on Bible study, others on sharing.
Some groups are heavily armed and train their members, even small children, to use weapons.
Some groups are highly competitive while others are more laid back.
Some groups are highly organized, but others meet once a month at local bookstores or restaurants.
Some groups are highly productive and others less so.
Some groups are in uniform costume and others have varied dress.
Some groups are inactive or have few contributors.
Some groups are infinite.
Some groups are just a bunch of patients sitting around talking.
Some groups are known to use traditional nesting trees.
Some groups are large, and some are small.
Some groups are larger and have more experience, some are smaller and just getting started.
Some groups are less well prepared.
Some groups are liberal on some issues and practices and conservative on others.
Some groups are limited to a specific type of loss while others are general bereavement groups.
Some groups are limited to as few as nine people.
Some groups are long-term and others are created and dissolved, according to research needs.
Some groups are loose and open, whereas others are rigid hierarchies.
Some groups are lucky to have members who can whip up tasty meals in a flash.
Some groups are modelled on twelve-step programs, while others are quite informal.
Some groups are more at risk of diabetes than others.
Some groups are more at risk than others.
Some groups are more at-risk than others.
Some groups are more charitable than others.
Some groups are more prone to extinction that others by nature of their biology.
Some groups are more prone to hypertension than others.
Some groups are more standoffish than others, tending to live in denominational ghettos.
Some groups are more structured with studies, others just discuss a particular topic.
Some groups are more tolerant than others and have different expectations.
Some groups are more violent than others leading to increased concern.
Some groups are nascent, some a bit more advanced.
Some groups are nomadic, while others have started small agrarian communities.
Some groups are of mothers and their young, others include bull males.
Some groups are off the patty.
Some groups are on the air already.
Some groups are on the patty.
Some groups are ongoing and others are active only as needed.
Some groups are ongoing and others are offered at various times throughout the year.
Some groups are ongoing, others meet for a number of weeks.
Some groups are ongoing, with individual stays varying according to their needs.
Some groups are only regional in nature.
Some groups are open exclusively to women or to men.
Some groups are open on a continuing basis, but others receive new members only periodically.
Some groups are open to both men and women while others are for men only.
Some groups are open-ended and unmoderated, allowing users to solicit information from each other.
Some groups are opposed to any kind of fluoride exposure in humans.
Some groups are opposed to the legislation.
Some groups are opposed to U.S. presence.
Some groups are parasitic and some travel in large groups at night.
Some groups are part of national organizations.
Some groups are particularly interested in environmental estrogens .
Some groups are particularly vulnerable to fuel poverty.
Some groups are peaceful, Amish types who practice what they preach.
Some groups are purely nationalistic.
Some groups are quite large, and organize conferences, workshops, newseltters and websites.
Some groups are reluctant to release precise fund-raising data.
Some groups are results oriented.
Some groups are selective about the diseases that are monitored.
Some groups are short-lived, while others are ongoing.
Some groups are simply homicidal.
Some groups are so good, they implicitly deserve recognition and a following.
Some groups are so strict and demanding, that it takes all the fun out of being in a group.
Some groups are still very vulnerable.
Some groups are strategic in nature while the majority are new knowledge and application developers.
Some groups are strong backers of the exchange.
Some groups are through a program called a listproc.
Some groups are tiny parasites on mammals and lack the typical pincers.
Some groups are very active and contain many hundreds or even thousands of messages.
Some groups are very active and generate a great deal of mail.
Some groups are very big, including hundreds of people.
Some groups are very informal and some are quite structured.
Some groups are very informal whereas others prefer a more formal approach.
Some groups are well known for example birds and the higher plants.
Some groups are well-known for being surrounded by controversy.
Some groups are wholly local in terms of membership and financial support.
Some groups are willing to put a cammera in everyones home.
Some groups attempt to pick up poisonous snakes without being harmed.
Some groups become active for short periods of time, and then become very quite.
Some groups become multicultural and embrace the works of writers from Africa and South America.
Some groups begin their meetings with worship.
Some groups begin their session by comparing lecture notes.
Some groups begin to focus on the division of research work.
Some groups begin with a discussion about why they feel having such a group is important.
Some groups believe that it lies with equipment and software manufacturers.
Some groups benefit more from folic-acid containing vitamins than others.
Some groups bring a barbeque and spend the day.
Some groups bring in-kind contributions of time, staff, equipment, etc.
Some groups bring sandwiches, others bring more, but all bring their love.
Some groups build and financially support social halls and activities from the church treasury.
Some groups buy movie-theater style popcorn poppers.
Some groups buy turkeys.
Some groups call for more birth control information, while others prefer lessons on abstinence.
Some groups call for violent retaliation, but most for peaceful protests.
Some groups can allow people to post messages, i.e., produce an event, as well as receive messages.
Some groups can get away with so much.
Some groups can have several teams.
Some groups can provide the manpower for door-knocking and putting out yard signs.
Some groups can then offer feedback to the whole class.
Some groups change their name when a person leaves.
Some groups channel their volunteer activities through an organized and affiliated auxiliary.
Some groups charge a small ride fee to non-members.
Some groups choose to alternate program meetings with social or informal discussion gatherings.
Some groups choose to collect contributions at the beginning of the meeting.
Some groups choose to divide each assignment in half, to cover course content in one school year.
Some groups choose to go through a lesson plan as provided by a study guide.
Some groups choose to have an academic presentation along with their tour.
Some groups choose to meet every other week.
Some groups choose to meet in restaurants.
Some groups choose to rent all three cabins for family get-togethers.
Some groups choose to travel in a short way, then base camp for the week.
Some groups choose to use name tags.
Some groups choose to waive activities altogether.
Some groups claim it is an opportunity.
Some groups claim the ads are pornographic and anti- feminist.
Some groups claim the ads are pornographic and anti-feminist.
Some groups claim to have discovered procedures by which any believer can obtain spiritual gifts.
Some groups clean ears and express anal glands, too.
Some groups collect canned foods during their fast to donate to a local food pantry.
Some groups come for fun and camaraderie, some come to learn how to work together more effectively.
Some groups come out the same entry point, and others come out a different entry point.
Some groups come together as friends.
Some groups compensate member and non-members differently.
Some groups concentrate on cultural events while others prefer social events.
Some groups conclude that a further task needs to be put to the young men.
Some groups conduct on-site research.
Some groups consist of a handful of people while others have hundreds of active members.
Some groups consist of several hundred.
Some groups consist of single-celled organisms that have a single nucleus per cell.
Some groups contain sub-groups.
Some groups contain subgroups.
Some groups continue all year.
Some groups continue to do substantially worse than others.
Some groups continue to meet after formal sessions have ended.
Some groups contractually exclude coverage.
Some groups converse as they roll along.
Some groups deal with the problems associated with early marriage and early pregnancy.
Some groups define their purpose broadly and others are quite specific.
Some groups define themselves narrowly enough to survive the challenge of established groups.
Some groups demand a strict level of authenticity in their modern reproductions.
Some groups deny the burial of an uncircumcised woman.
Some groups devote a portion of every staff meeting to it.
Some groups differentiate between what kinds of money are eligible for which returns.
Some groups dislike giving up their autonomy.
Some groups display a few symptoms of cults to a lesser degree and do relatively little harm.
Some groups display a flag.
Some groups do follow other schedules.
Some groups do it in colours.
Some groups do it, others seem less interested.
Some groups do keep a list of e-mail addresses for sending out news and other information.
Some groups do know what it means to work safely.
Some groups do make it hard to understand the lyrics of their music due to heavy artistic style.
Some groups do provide transportation, so ask.
Some groups do, however, meet including their children.
Some groups don bathing suits and have water play.
Some groups don t have limits on how much money can achieve a certain rate of return.
Some groups drink more, some less.
Some groups elect to bring their own box lunches and picnic on the lawn.
Some groups emphasize education over activism, or the other way around.
Some groups emphasize family activities to ensure that their young kids are involved.
Some groups employ more coercive mind control techniques than others.
Some groups enjoy mysteries and puzzle-solving.
Some groups essentially ignore the issue assuming their efforts are as effective as they can be.
Some groups establish a covenant which lists the expectations of the group.
Some groups establish and staff an information center throughout their stay on campus.
Some groups even argue about the definition and reality of the mechanism of repression.
Some groups even ask their workers to sign the policy before signing on to a stint overseas.
Some groups even become involved in the community through various service projects.
Some groups even block the exits to keep people from leaving during the sermon.
Some groups even conduct art classes and, weather permitting, picnic on our extensive grounds.
Some groups even conduct investigations.
Some groups even conduct special programs for agency owners.
Some groups even find themselves in competition with each other.
Some groups even go to protest sites armed.
Some groups even have a small collapsible platform that they set up just for the meeting.
Some groups even have e-mail addresses.
Some groups even have their own web sites.
Some groups even produce and record their own compact discs.
Some groups even run informants inside the police.
Some groups even take breaks in the summer.
Some groups even use food control, specifying meal times and content, to exert influence.
Some groups exchange more than information with each other.
Some groups exist in order to hurt other groups.
Some groups exist intermittently or for a single term.
Some groups explicitly list a large number of techniques that are illegal in their derby.
Some groups explore relationships.
Some groups face an increased risk for developing latex allergy.
Some groups fail, and others work together wonderfully and never, ever break up.
Some groups fall into both categories.
Some groups farm with horses and live without electricity, telephones and cars.
Some groups favor tattoos or large pierced earlobes.
Some groups find it helpful to hire a professional leader, at least to get started.
Some groups find other structures easier.
Some groups find their self-interest in development, while others resist.
Some groups fish diligently but they are clumsy.
Some groups fit their environment like a letter in an envelope.
Some groups flourish with active participation throughout the year.
Some groups focus equally in the purchasing and marketing areas.
Some groups focus of specific needs for a definite time span.
Some groups focus on a geographic area, getting together for lunch, dinner, or golf tournaments.
Some groups focus on addressing conservation and environmental concerns.
Some groups focus on Bible study.
Some groups focus on housing, food or social services for survivors.
Some groups focus on issues such as eating disorders, self-esteem, grief and loss.
Some groups focus on one or two writers per session.
Some groups focus on special topics with limited distribution.
Some groups focus on specific topics such as parenting or marriage.
Some groups focus on specific topics.
Some groups focus solely on a particular science activity ham radios, for instance, or computers.
Some groups focus solely on an individual country.
Some groups focus strictly on the Bible while others rotate through Biblical and topical studies.
Some groups follow cheetahs.
Some groups form a social committee to plan parties, dinners, and trips.
Some groups form because of a shared prejudice.
Some groups form in cyberspace.
Some groups form spontaneously, such as a group of friends.
Some groups function best if they decide the roles themselves.
Some groups gain from conflict and then have a motive for sustaining it.
Some groups gather in early evening when participants can share a meal together.
Some groups gather information on how well hospitals perform and how satisfied their patients are.
Some groups get so friendly that they socialize together.
Some groups get together every now and then to swap books and copy from one another.
Some groups go around the circle each reading one paragraph.
Some groups go skiing or go bowling or have a cookout.
Some groups go so far as to support denying gays access to their own children.
Some groups handle the Bible in much the same way.
Some groups have a cr che.
Some groups have a home Bible study as well during the week.
Some groups have a limited life span.
Some groups have a meeting once a year just to choose books for the coming year.
Some groups have a mixture of zones in their actions.
Some groups have a new, genuine sound.
Some groups have a newsletter coordinator .
Some groups have a puparium formed by shed last larval cuticle .
Some groups have a recording secretary and a corresponding secretary.
Some groups have a representative organism highlighted.
Some groups have a set fee based on the average amount of money put into each rescue dog.
Some groups have a set plan from the beginning, and others create their devices as they go along.
Some groups have a similar naming convention for machines, such as the trees or vegetables.
Some groups have a single address and mail goes to all members on the list.
Some groups have a social focus while others focus on service and support.
Some groups have a table set aside to swap supplies.
Some groups have a tendency to use the cash that comes in to pay small expenses.
Some groups have a transport roster system for older people.
Some groups have active links to their own Web pages.
Some groups have an editor.
Some groups have annual cookouts or other neighborhood activities during the year.
Some groups have annual Unity celebrations or picnics.
Some groups have associate members get pre-approved for a mortgage of their target unit.
Some groups have benefits that vary from the model provided above.
Some groups have branches in Hawaii or other parts of America.
Some groups have combined salvation with doing physical labor.
Some groups have daily or weekly contact, some never make contact at all.
Some groups have disproportionately high levels of health problems.
Some groups have formal worship services or similar group meetings.
Some groups have formalworship services or similar group meetings.
Some groups have hardware that needs maintaining and servicing.
Some groups have higher infection rates, however.
Some groups have implementation experience with a limited form.
Some groups have innocent sounding names they use as a front.
Some groups have limited space.
Some groups have membership fee to cover administration, postage and newsletters.
Some groups have monthly newsletters, which can be especially helpful for absentee owners.
Some groups have more than one mode, of course.
Some groups have no sources of income adequate to pay the cost of even a fairly modest free event.
Some groups have one, others have two.
Some groups have only one or two students and none are larger than five students.
Some groups have other positions as well.
Some groups have periodic meetings, others meet sporadically.
Some groups have professional facilitators.
Some groups have reading and discussion sessions.
Some groups have recitals in which members of the group read their work to an audience.
Some groups have reunions each year.
Some groups have separate pages with more detail.
Some groups have some rules of thumb to make life easier for the people reading the group.
Some groups have special get-togethers or activities throughout the month.
Some Groups have special tasks to fulfil.
Some groups have telephone trees to alert their membership.
Some groups have their own personal disk space for their work.
Some groups have thousands of messages each day.
Some groups have to hold meetings and work at home.
Some groups have trouble just coming up with a credible ringing telephone.
Some groups have work which automatically confines their attention to mental levels.
Some groups have youngsters with dark feet in the nest, some with light.
Some groups hold a year-end holiday party where they offer their members many door prizes.
Some groups hold workshops.
Some groups however grow to large sizes and have spectacular shapes.
Some groups incorporate a fifth type of function into their mission - that of civic promotion.
Some groups invite guest speakers for additional education.
Some groups invite speakers, some include relaxation sessions and organise social activities.
Some groups invite underclass students to participate in their service projects.
Some groups involve couples, others involve singles, and others are mixed.
Some groups involve others' mere presence.
Some groups issue annual reports based on the data.
Some groups just hold hands with a friend as they walk.
Some groups just use any opportunity as a soap box, as did our friend from the Long Beach area.
Some groups keep their lists open to members only, while others let anyone join.
Some groups keep waiting lists.
Some groups kill bison.
Some groups kill mallards.
Some groups lean toward electoral politics and some head forclandestinity-just like on the left.
Some groups like to have a specific theme for discussion at each meeting.
Some groups like to meet at coffee or tea houses, churches, or even restaurants.
Some groups limit participation.
Some groups linger, talking and praying for a while.
Some groups listed below do no t currently have meetings scheduled.
Some groups live in the forest , but many live in countryside and in the cities .
Some groups live in the forest, but many live in countryside and in the cities.
Some groups live their lives attached to marine mammals.
Some groups maintain a job bank.
Some groups maintain a presence in nations bordering Iraq, such as Jordan.
Some groups maintain facilities that are geographically removed from the beaten path.
Some groups maintain their own databases.
Some groups make announcements towards the end of the meeting.
Some groups make donations tax deductible by registering as a charity with the federal government.
Some groups make process a topic of discussion by appointing a process watcher.
Some groups make T-shirts.
Some groups manage to be on the water one or two evenings a week during the summer.
Some groups meet as often as every month, others twice a year.
Some groups meet at church and others in homes.
Some groups meet during the day whole others hold nighttime meetings.
Some groups meet during the day, others meet in the evening.
Some groups meet during the evenings and on weekends.
Some groups meet early in the morning while others meet at night.
Some groups meet every week while others meet every other week.
Some groups meet for a predetermined number of weeks, while others are open-ended.
Some groups meet for only three or four weeks and have no 'outside' homework required.
Some groups meet here at church.
Some groups meet in a church.
Some groups meet in a favourite restaurant or cafe.
Some groups meet in homes and others meet at different restaurants.
Some groups meet in homes, but many groups meet in a designated hogan or tepee.
Some groups meet in homes, others in churches, and still others in bookstores.
Some groups meet in libraries, schools or churches.
Some groups meet in other locations where noted.
Some groups meet in private homes.
Some groups meet in schools or other public buildings until they find or build a permanent facility.
Some groups meet in the home, some in a public location.
Some groups meet less frequently but the norm is every week or every fortnight.
Some groups meet monthly, some every other week, some each week.
Some groups meet more regularly than others.
Some groups meet more than the required hours depending on the group needs and dynamics.
Some groups meet on scheduled days and times.
Some groups meet once a week and others meet more often.
Some groups meet once a week with a different parent in charge for each session.
Some groups meet once or twice a year at the home of one member for a meal or light refreshments.
Some groups meet only during hospitalization, while others are long-term.
Some groups meet outdoors in secluded parts of nature where they can worship undisturbed.
Some groups meet quarterly, others monthly or weekly.
Some groups meet regularly and then stop when there are no serious issues to address.
Some groups meet regularly in one member's home.
Some groups meet regularly.
Some groups meet to learn about one project.
Some groups meet to review papers in a peer editing format.
Some groups meet weekly and others meet less frequently depending on their unique needs.
Some groups meet weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly.
Some groups meet weekly, some meet twice a month.
Some groups meet weekly, understanding that people come when they can.
Some groups meet weekly.
Some groups meet with children and some without.
Some groups meet year round.
Some groups move around each meeting to a different member's home.
Some groups now say the possums can only be controlled if they are commercialised once again.
Some groups object to trading away any old-growth or mature forests on public land.
Some groups obtain foundation and corporate funding to convert existing space.
Some groups occupying unregulated rentals likewise face severe affordability problems.
Some groups offer a discount for buying a block of tickets.
Some groups offer a stipend.
Some groups offer activities for neighborhood youth and senior citizens.
Some groups offer free child care and children support groups.
Some groups offer free childcare, even free meals.
Some groups offer respite care during the meetings.
Some groups offer services such as summer camps for kids while on chemo and much more.
Some groups offer specific guidelines for the content of postings.
Some groups offset expenses by selling subscriptions, or advertising space.
Some groups omit on their tax returns that they used a solicitor at all.
Some groups only take it once or twice a year.
Some groups operate on a shoestring - the fees are a few hundred dollars a year.
Some groups opt for purchasing peanuts and doing their own roasting or candy making.
Some groups opt to collect a small fee to cover simple snacks like bagels.
Some groups order the paper's authors in alphabetical order.
Some groups perfer to meet without professional involvement.
Some groups perform task functions and others perform social functions.
Some groups permit submissions as often as once a week.
Some groups plan one major stop in the morning and another in the afternoon with lunch in between.
Some groups plan to oppose the project.
Some groups plan weekend retreats for moms only.
Some groups play bingo, some sing and socialize and some bring refreshments.
Some groups possess frogs.
Some groups possess pigeons.
Some groups post detailed schedules at their sites.
Some groups post the minutes to their meetings on our site.
Some groups practice a less strict degree of confidentiality.
Some groups practice kidnapping and brainwashing for large sums of money.
Some groups practice that too, occasionally with fatal results.
Some groups prefer a setting a bit more casual, and choose to meet in someone's home.
Some groups prefer their own separate events.
Some groups prefer to book the entire lodge, other mix with the other anglers.
Some groups prefer to conclude by written responses.
Some groups prefer to have only a social meeting with a time to share and get to know other guests.
Some groups prefer to have separate men's and women's groups.
Some groups prefer to take turns choosing what to read.
Some groups prescribe a particular pattern for the baptism rite itself.
Some groups present the abstinence message to teens.
Some groups present their project plans to the class.
Some groups present their reports to the class, or exchange written reports, and compare results.
Some groups probably have a nomadic life-style in the central and northern mountains.
Some groups produce newsletters and monthly mailings.
Some groups promote the capitation method of physician payment.
Some groups propose an extreme solution.
Some groups provide a more hands-on approach to community service.
Some groups provide coverage for new associates.
Some groups provide Internet access for their members.
Some groups provide interpersonal encounters, self help, support, or even entertainment.
Some groups provide newsletters and other association benefits.
Some groups provide respite care, which requires advance notice.
Some groups purchase an insurance policy to protect themselves against misuse of funds.
Some groups purposely pick a name that sounds similar to a reputable organization.
Some groups raise camels.
Some groups raise support for wild whales by setting up so-called whale adoption programs.
Some groups receive even more stringent treatment.
Some groups receive free use of space.
Some groups receive large amounts of donated goods and services.
Some groups recommend even lower levels of dietary fat.
Some groups register their titles as much as a year in advance, but most choose month by month.
Some groups regularize second marriages between divorced people.
Some groups rent a whole movie theater for a private screening of their favorite movie.
Some groups represent people collectively dependent on a sizable stretch of watershed.
Some groups require all volunteers to subscribe to a list as part of their commitment.
Some groups require all volunteers to subscribe to a list.
Some groups require an audition.
Some groups require childcare, which is provided by the group.
Some groups require members to send the work to others in advance of the meetings.
Some groups require minamal fees for lessons, texts and materials.
Some groups require regular attendance and others can be attended on a drop in basis.
Some groups require sponsorship for guests.
Some groups require weekly posting and others are even more active.
Some groups respond better to didactic presentation, while others prefer experiential exercises.
Some groups return year after year.
Some groups revolve around on person.
Some groups run charitable projects such as outreach programs for cancer patients.
Some groups say employers are in fact spending enough on training.
Some groups schedule an early crew and a late crew each day to speed up the production.
Some groups see genetic manipulation as an unacceptable exploitation of nature.
Some groups see it as too little too late.
Some groups see no basis for even trying and construct a world apart.
Some groups see the bonding of both men s and women s rights.
Some groups seek political or personal gain by opposing church projects.
Some groups sell access to netnews.
Some groups serve as modern versions of traditional trade associations.
Some groups share duties and avoid titles.
Some groups share in meal preparation and all have the opporutnity to try the flavors of local food.
Some groups show photos of past litters by the parents listed.
Some groups shun members who leave.
Some groups simply come and help build for a day.
Some groups simply favor deletion within the sections wherever possible.
Some groups sit in a circle, allowing each member in turn to talk or pass.
Some groups solicit funds through newsletters, others sell or raffle off dog related items.
Some groups speak louder and more effectively than others.
Some groups specialize in serving others.
Some groups sponsor book tables addressing topics covered by speakers the group has brought in.
Some groups sponsor family dances.
Some groups stage acts of lawlessness merely for publicity purposes.
Some groups start with a chance meeting, two people discovering a common interest in Holmes.
Some groups stay for a day or just overnight, and others for a week to a month.
Some groups steal rabbits.
Some groups stress cultural purity and self-reliance.
Some groups study chimpanzees.
Some groups study coyotes.
Some groups study insects.
Some groups study sharks.
Some groups suffer much higher rates.
Some groups supporting privatization are also worried about the image they are projecting.
Some groups survive and then fade away afterwards.
Some groups take all their major officers to in-services.
Some groups take explicit advertising some discourage it.
Some groups take stellate forms or make twisted spiral patterns.
Some groups talk too much.
Some groups teach that the baptism is accompanied by such signs as speaking in tongues.
Some groups tend to be more skeptical than others.
Some groups tend to divide patrols along gender lines.
Some groups tend to drink primarily for entertainment.
Some groups then have some input from a tape or a book.
Some groups then have their own service and some join the main one.
Some groups think so.
Some groups trade with others for important products but still maintain their culture.
Some groups transfer embryos at the blastocyst stage.
Some groups transport heroin from the border directly to cities in Northern California.
Some groups try to build the single-server model on pp.
Some groups turn themselves around.
Some groups urge the state to seize all power plants.
Some groups use a verbatim style of preparation for supervision.
Some groups use adventure to raise funds, publicity Article text goes here.
Some groups use car axles.
Some groups use co-leading, a process in which two people lead a discussion together.
Some groups use first names only for the sake of suggesting relative anonymity.
Some groups use gold or silica clusters for their work.
Some groups use only one transmitter while many others use several.
Some groups use percent discounts instead of dollar credits, but that doesn t seem fair.
Some groups use the Internet to mobilise quickly to respond to international events.
Some groups use the whole house for informal mixers.
Some groups visit or eat with local families.
Some groups volunteer for a day or a few weeks, offering in-class lectures or field trips.
Some groups walk up and down the streets singing the contrada song.
Some groups watch dolphins.
Some groups watch mice.
Some groups wave flags wildly, some break into their national anthems.
Some groups wear a brimless blue cap.
Some groups welcome families, and a few are for teens or children only.
Some groups wish to control who can put things in their rooms.
Some groups withdraw into isolation.
Some groups work on specific chromosomes.
Some groups work on their task or mission at the group meetings.
Some groups work very well and others fail.
Some groups work well all time, but most work very differently.
Some groups work well, others are difficult.
Some groups work with dolphins.
Some groups work with families and do antibias training with teachers.
Some groups work with people who have both mental illness and a substance abuse problem.
Grouped designs are easier for the customer to understand.
Grouped flowers grace a rounded shrub at home in the landscape or rose garden.
Grouped information is easier to identify.
Grouped multiplexes are throws that deliver all balls to a single hand.
Grouped objects act as one object for the purposes of selection.
Grouped units have a unit commander that runs the combat for that group.
A grouper is sea bass
Grouper diseases already cause substantial economic losses during grow-out.
Grouper hide in the rocks on the south side when divers are on the wreck.
Groupers are born as females and then later some change sex to become males.
Groupers are carnivorous and have mouths that are very large in proportion to their size.
Groupers are fish.
Groupers are part of groupers.
Groupers are saltwater fish.
Groupers are sea bass.
Groupers are the largest fishes that actually live in the coral reef.
Groupers are very versatile fish they lend themselves to many methods of cooking.
Groupers begin life as females, and can lay eggs.
Groupers just seem more intelligent, more filled with personality than other fish.
All groupers are carnivorous, feeding on invertebrates and other fish.
A groupie is a fan
Groupies start to get dorky when they have choreographed dances for every song.
Grouping are activities.
Grouping are classification systems.
Groups lessons are also available.
Groups size varies after each concept.
Groups sizes are limited.
Groups tours are available on a pre-arranged basis.
Groups tours are by appointment only and admission is always free.
A groupthink is a process
Groupthink becomes more likely when the group is stressed, particularly by time pressures.
Groupthink can lead to bad judgments and decisions being made.
Groupthink causes more fatalities and un-necessary injuries than does smoke or fire.
Groupthink creates an atmosphere in which a. discordant information is ignored.
Groupthink creates havoc.
Groupthink is a dysfunction of highly cohesive groups.
Groupthink is a problem that can have destructive consequences.
Groupthink is a term describing a type of thinking that leads to poor decisions.
Groupthink leads to poor decision making and results in a lack of creativity.
Groupthink occurs in groups that have a history of conflict and disagreement.
Groupthink only occurs in cohesive groups.
Groupware meetings have no parallel.
Many groupware products incorporate their own whiteboard facility.
Most groupware products offer features beyond simply forwarding documents from a database.
Some groupware products limit access to a document to one member at a time.
Some groupware tools are far more sophisticated than others.
A groupware is a package
Any groupware distributes information far and wide, potentially connecting an entire work force.
Groupwide communication is now both rapid and reliable.
A grouse is a game bird
Grouse are common trail crossers, leaving their four-toedfootprints close together.
Grouse are henlike terrestrial birds, protectively plumaged in shades of red, brown, and gray.
Grouse come in two different color phases- red and gray.
Grouse depend on buds for winter food.
Grouse depend on the buds for winter food.
Grouse find food in the youngest forest stages but winter in mature forests.
Grouse occupy a wide range of habitats of Eurasia and North America.
Grouse prefer denser forests and abandoned farms covered with brush.
Grouse still seem to be scarce.
Grouses are birds.
Grouses are game birds.
Grouses are part of grouses.
All grouse are to be monitored twice per week throughout the year using radio telemetry equipment.
Many grouse have a reputation for being a little slow.
A grout is plaster
Grouts are plaster.
Grouts are sediments.
Most grouts are mixed to the consistency of peanut butter or toothpaste.
Some grout is a cement material which is mixed with water.
Some grouts are more like an epoxy.
Some grouts cure to a solid foam, while others to a flexible gel.
Groves of trees create shady glens and secluded hideaways, and complete the mountain setting.
Groves of trees provide food and cover for larger mammals, such as raccoons and deer.
A grove is woods
Grove allows concept searches, pattern searches and Boolean searches.
Grove also baosts of many restaurants and unique resorts and bed and breakfast inns.
Grove also helps with marginal terminology.
Grove also offers a variety of performing arts.
Grove calls the shots in the high-tech world.
Grove exemplifies the more intellectually and doctrinally tolerant of eighteenth-century divines.
Grove has a strong voice and an authoritative stage presence.
Grove has several park buildings that are available for rental.
Grove has several shelters that are available for rental.
Grove holds to the insidious patriarchal myth that menstrual blood is unseemly.
Grove includes abundant online help.
Grove is a specialist in fresh juice processing.
Grove is equally adept at painting scenes of Oklahoma and New Mexico horse country.
Grove is free for graduate students, a minimal charge per semester for undergraduates.
Grove is host to numerous special events throughout the year.
Grove is just a manager.
Grove is located in area of rapid development, approx.
Grove is located in Delaware County Oklahoma.
Grove is nice for extensive research.
Grove is the gateway to the lake and a nationally recognized excellent place for retirement.
Grove is unique in that the dorm is physically divided into two separate houses.
Grove notes that the committee has only expanded user access.
Grove offers an About the Dictionary page which describes what is available in the database.
Grove offers many conveniences.
Grove points out that, managed wrongly, a strategic inflection point can mean the end of the game.
Grove possesses a truly rich true mezzo voice of stunning quality.
Grove runs past old Drake rushing record.
Grove seems to recognize the importance of reading and writing for engineering.
Grove uses a simple test before relying on a Web site for information.
Grove wears a green polo shirt, blue trousers and brown suede shoes.
Groves allow that to happen.
Groves are a central concept, abstract rather than inherently difficult.
Groves are apparent on each side of a conspicuous midrib.
Groves are forests.
Groves are gardens.
Groves are more powerful, general and sophisticated.
Groves are too heavy for that.
Groves beats a nobleman's time and gets caught in the sack with the missus.
Groves burst into blossom, townships grow fair, the meadows are shining, mankind is bestirred.
Groves can see both sides of the issue.
Groves can strategically place windbreaks to maximize their usefulness.
Groves cover about one-tenth of the surface area.
Groves has great range, but hopes for a little more consistency in the field.
Groves is in default.
Groves is married and has a son.
Groves is present.
Groves quickly die through lack of communication.
Groves stays on as a non-executive director and consultant.
Groves subsumes A. s. amazonica and A. s. puruensis under A. s. juara.
Most groves are in the various stages of open bloom.
Most groves emphasize fellowship and harmony of mind between their members.
Most groves grow on limestone or dolomite.
Some groves are on glacial outwash from granite.
Some groves contain only a few trees, others several thousand.
Grow algas cause contamination.
Grow algas cause minor contamination.
Grow children need adults.
Grow children require calories.
Grow children require more calories.
Grow companies use analyses.
Grow conditions influence choices.
Grow conditions lead to growth.
Grow cycads adapt to drought.
Grow embryos receive nourishment.
Grow fruit has seeds.
Grow hollyhocks benefit from fertilizer.
Grow industries create jobs.
Grow industries specialize in customer services.
Grow industries specialize in services.
Grow larvae have habits.
Grow papaya trees tolerate wet conditions.
Grow plants accumulate nitrate.
Grow plants expose to sunlight.
Grow plants need moisture.
Grow plants need soil moisture.
Grow plants need water.
Grow plants produce seeds.
Grow plants reach height.
Grow plants require abundant sunlight.
Grow plants require amounts.
Grow plants require sunlight.
Grow plants survive in conditions.
Grow problems require attention.
Grow season fire kills foliage.
Grow seasons affect germination.
Grow seasons affect wheat germination.
Grow seasons last for weeks.
Grow shade trees grow to feet.
Grow trees grow to feet.
Grow trees have resources.
Grow trees produce crops.
Grow trees produce fruit.
Grow trees provide habitats.
Grow trees reach maximum size.
Grow trees reach size.
Grow trees retain foliage.
Grow turnips thrive in cool temperature.
Grow turnips thrive in temperature.
Grow vines bear flowers.
Grow young trees produce fruit.
Growable garments are truly what moms around the world have been waiting for.
A grower is a farmer
Grower fails to employ above average sanitation practices.
Grower is designed to allow multiple growth opportunities to be valued.
Grower prepares a strawberry tissue sample by separating the leaf from the petiole.
Growers add up their points from seven questions on the weighted system.
Growers agree to deliver the specified amount of grain to an elevator in their area.
Growers agree to follow the program in the enrolled fields.
Growers already know that they're in for a rough time.
Growers also are concerned about soybean aphids transmitting diseases to the crop.
Growers also attend a winter meeting without extension agents accompanying.
Growers also can expect a significant decrease in pesticide costs.
Growers also face intense competition from from abrord.
Growers also face the challenge of competition from Europe.
Growers also have access to more and better information about non-chemical farming.
Growers also hope to sell to companies that sell citrus as a holiday gift item.
Growers also receive a copy of the report in the mail.
Growers also receive a printed copy of the report in the mail.
Growers also report displeasure at working in orchards with sticky leaves caused by the honeydew.
Growers also use a device to measure the apple's sugar percentage.
Growers also use a device to measure the sugar percentage of the apple.
Growers also use plastic mulch to reduce weed growth and cultivate row middles.
Growers also use straw on the mounds to further reduce contact with the soil.
Growers also use various other types of benches, that support trays at various heights.
Growers appear more ready to accept honey bee pollination as a legitimate agricultural input.
Growers apply two to four insecticide applications to control onion thrips.
Growers are able to automate seedling, growing, and planting.
Growers are alerted to different pests to scout for at different times during the season.
Growers are already eligible for federal aid.
Growers are also concerned about worms moving into young rice fields.
Growers are also interested in estimating the yield of their crop prior to harvest.
Growers are also leery of the cost.
Growers are also responsible for ensuring a safe work environment.
Growers are aware of our work and are anxious for the results.
Growers are busy reseeding and overseeding winter damaged alfalfa fields.
Growers are busy spraying, fertilizing, and applying herbicides.
Growers are certain to continue calls for more uniform quality testing procedures.
Growers are concerned about development of phytophthora with all the rain.
Growers are concerned about mildew and bunch rot.
Growers are concerned about producing a high quality crop while maintaining environmental quality.
Growers are concerned about the effect of discoloration on seed quality.
Growers are concerned with a number of factors related to fumigant alternatives to methyl bromide.
Growers are constantly on guard and digging in their pocket-books again and again.
Growers are excited about the quality already.
Growers are exempt from licensing if they sell only products of their own raising.
Growers are frequently unaware of potential pest problems and management options.
Growers are happy with yield and quality.
Growers are keenly aware of the status of methyl bromide alternatives.
Growers are merely contractors who are paid by the pound.
Growers are more likely to adopt a practice if it can be made simpler and easier to perform.
Growers are mostly busy cleaning up fields and removing stakes, plastic, and planting cover crops.
Growers are normally large scale and located near by for easy transportation of produce.
Growers are now busy planting cover crops.
Growers are obviously a critical part of the industry.
Growers are reluctant to start the pumps.
Growers are responsible for transportation and other costs.
Growers are salvage harvesting.
Growers are the eternal optimists.
Growers are the only people who can do anything about the problem.
Growers are understandably less strict when using media or soil terminology.
Growers are worried.
Growers ask if a copper fungicide can be used to control bacterial brown spot.
Growers avoid walking on finished beds to reduce compaction.
Growers become much more active in both call and fixed price contracts as prices move upward.
Growers begin to grow food for shipment to processors instead of providing food for local outlets.
Growers believe they've found the answer in ethanol.
Growers benefit because they have a place they can take products to sell.
Growers benefit from using no-till because it offsets production costs and reduces soil erosion.
Growers can access some publications on the web, thus decreasing time from the press to the mailbox.
Growers can accumulate up to four year's credit.
Growers can actually practice biologically based integrated pest management.
Growers can also affect media pH by selecting specific forms of nitrogen.
Growers can also comment on proposed regulations via e-mail.
Growers can also evaluate grain yield variability due to spatial differences in a field.
Growers can also expect a significant decrease in pesticide costs.
Growers can also monitor moth presence by placing pheromone traps near squash or pumpkins.
Growers can also take out multiple lock-in dates by locking in PCPs on a portion of their grain.
Growers can apply three sprays at the lower rate or two sprays at the higher rate.
Growers can assist beekeepers by setting out hive stands ahead of time.
Growers can be reluctant to contribute portions of their acreage for demonstration projects.
Growers can buy big from south, hold and grow, and sell.
Growers can buy insurance under that or leave it uninsured.
Growers can choose from a long list of new herbicides with fewer environmental risks from runoff.
Growers can choose the planting method that best fits their operation.
Growers can diversify their crop productiohn and increase their income.
Growers can enroll in either program or in both.
Growers can enter specific crop areas for multiple-crop operations.
Growers can expect a variety of benefits from using Grow More Seaweed Extract.
Growers can focus first on planting, then worry later about putting down their weed control.
Growers can have a line of nursery trees tested for percentage off-type prior to purchase.
Growers can help, too.
Growers can learn a lot from each other.
Growers can lower harvest costs by harvesting fewer times by combining stalk positions.
Growers can modify existing structures to enhance ventilation.
Growers can now choose from a variety of non-chemical insect and disease control options.
Growers can open the roof to any width, and can keep it closed during storms.
Growers can produce the best sugar beets, or wheat, or cattle.
Growers can prune off scorched foliage.
Growers can receive disaster assistance payments if they agree to destroy contaminated grain.
Growers can recognize the problem by the reduced stands or the wilted seedlings.
Growers can remove the pipes after about a year.
Growers can request training and field scouting assistance from technicians.
Growers can respond to market opportunities by diverting produce from one market to another.
Growers can rotate to any crop the following season.
Growers can select among granular insecticides, liquid insecticides or seed treatments.
Growers can spread the disease through pruning and general cultural activities.
Growers can start a claim by requesting an appraisal anytime they feel there is a covered loss.
Growers can start, stop, change speed, change direction and run wet or dry.
Growers can take advantage of night cooling by harvesting fruit as early in the morning as possible.
Growers can take precautions to avoid transport of pesticides from the orchard.
Growers can take several steps to help match fertilizer rates to crop needs.
Growers can take several steps to prevent crop damage, starting with thinning their chile.
Growers can take the following steps to improve their position.
Growers can then greatly reduce the time spent counting insects and reduce their monitoring costs.
Growers can then maximize crop yield and quality while protecting land and water resources.
Growers can then target control methods and frequently can use less toxic pesticides.
Growers can use help-guides to effectively consider all of the options.
Growers can use natural flowering or controlled flowering for producing holiday cactus.
Growers can use several measurements to pinpoint optimum harvest time.
Growers chop down the spent plant and remove the waste.
Growers claim they lack the resources to check the validity of the work papers.
Growers compete within a broad range of corn production classes.
Growers complain that fewer familiar faces return to the fields and orchards each year.
Growers conduct the tests on their farms with their own equipment.
Growers consider it a horticultural treasure.
Growers continue field preparations for planting tomatoes, snap beans, eggplant, and squash.
Growers continue to be concerned about disease pressure.
Growers continue to clean acreage completely picked.
Growers continue to clean up acreage completely picked.
Growers continue to clear acreage completely harvested.
Growers continue to combat spider mites on tomatoes and cucurbits in several locations.
Growers continue to cultivate and fertilize as needed.
Growers continue to harvest cotton, sugarcane, and soybeans.
Growers continue to harvest tobacco with some areas reporting late harvesting.
Growers continue to harvest tobacco.
Growers continue to irrigate as needed.
Growers continue to irrigate to provide adequate moisture to crops.
Growers continue to make salvage harvests.
Growers continue to make scheduled plantings and to replant acreage lost to the storm.
Growers continue to prune and apply herbicides to stone fruit orchards.
Growers continue to report high incidence of fusarium crown rot in tomato .
Growers continue to seed transplants for later plantings.
Growers cultivate moth orchids by taking cuttings, which ensures a match with the parent plant.
Growers currently apply the insecticide lindane to control pine root weevils.
Growers currently continue to prune trees heavily to maintain the required height.
Growers currently spray by calendar dates.
Growers desire a tool to suppress disease more effectively and more efficiently.
Growers disk under any volunteer wheat or grass plants at least two weeks before sowing.
Growers do have rights, even in bankruptcy.
Growers do more than just help train deputies.
Growers employ casual labour in peak harvesting periods.
Growers enjoy the convenience of marketing and financing their cotton under one roof.
Growers enter their best strawberry flat, which is then judged.
Growers expect good supplies for the next six weeks.
Growers expect large fruit size and excellent quality.
Growers expect to complete harvest in the next five to seven days.
Growers expect to replant most of the lost acreage.
Growers face a new disease and are receptive to implementing and integrating new control strategies.
Growers face months of uncertainty each season as the crop grows to maturity.
Growers fear they'll be vulnerable once more.
Growers feel more financially secure than they have in previous years.
Growers feel that the jump on the market is worth the risk of frost.
Growers fertilize in several ways and each can produce good results.
Growers find it difficult to compete with cheap imports, especially from China.
Growers find our group program consistently offers the best value.
Growers generally accept some risk of early frost damage and plant early.
Growers generally consider the fruit ready for harvest if it makes a metallic sound when tapped.
Growers generally desire to manage the night temperature so as to minimize excess respiration.
Growers generally retain a part of each crop for replanting the following season.
Growers generally take for granted the micronutrients present in irrigation water.
Growers get creative That puts medicinal marijuana growers in a bind.
Growers have a large investment in specialized machinery to produce and harvest the crop.
Growers have a positive record using scouting, non-chemical measures, and judicious applications.
Growers have a price incentive to keep their alfalfa free of weeds.
Growers have access to the expert system at cooperative extension offices throughout the state.
Growers have different fertilization schemes.
Growers have either demonstration or experimental plots.
Growers have more acres to plant, and less time.
Growers have no say over the quality of supplies they receive or the schedules they follow.
Growers have several options for managing blight.
Growers have the opportunity to add value to their produce.
Growers have to grow ginseng in total secrecy.
Growers have to totally readjust their fertility programs.
Growers have to use significantly more feed to produce the same broiler.
Growers have to wait to see what they can do with fall seeded small grains.
Growers have two options.
Growers have utter contempt for their field crews.
Growers have very few options for pre-emergence weed control during the growing season.
Growers have widely, make that wildly, different ideas about fertilizing hardshells.
Growers hope for warm days and a late frost to keep the crop maturing.
Growers inadvertently affect predator populations through management practices.
Growers increasingly use state and federal lands to cultivate cannabis.
Growers just call it a good deal.
Growers keen on kiwigreen.
Growers know castings to be the most nutrient-dense compost available.
Growers know that the methods and results they see are readily transferrable to their own farms.
Growers know the union can turn the pledge into a boycott.
Growers knows that each species or hybrid, or even each plant, is an individual.
Growers lack planning for placements for the hives.
Growers like to use adjuvants that are based on the products they sell.
Growers looking for new markets check out trade shows and mass media outlets.
Growers looking for short cuts can buy seedlings in garden shops and at plant sales.
Growers love it because it is very high yielding.
Growers maintain and replenish the fertility to the soil without artificial ingredients.
Growers mitigate the risk of flooding by tiling their field to help with drainage.
Growers monitor insect populations within the marsh using pheromone traps and by sweep netting.
Growers normally burn considerably less than what is actually registered.
Growers now are exempt from both taxes.
Growers now glue tarps together to cover fields.
Growers now have a basis for computing costs of a wide variety of liming materials.
Growers now have a number of thinning materials of which to choose from.
Growers now have an answer to hazardous chemical and increased productivity.
Growers now mow and spray the corners.
Growers now use dwarf trees in high-density plantings to bring new orchards into production faster.
Growers offer a variety of fresh produce, flowers, nuts, baked goods, herbs and spices.
Growers ordinarily harvest alfalfa fields in a fixed order.
Growers own the reserves even though they are accumulated from a number of sources.
Growers pay a premium price for high-quality marigold seeds.
Growers plant high-quality seed, but only half germinate and survive to harvest.
Growers plant sweet corn under contract.
Growers prefer cost of production insurance as it more accurately reflects their investment risk.
Growers prefer hybrid seed because of higher yields and consistent quality.
Growers prefer muskmelon fruit that is produced near the base of the plant.
Growers produce a wide variety of species to satisfy customers.
Growers produce feed barleys for livestock and malting barleys for use in the brewery industry.
Growers producing transplants for themselves have the same investment and loss potential risks.
Growers prosper by having a regulated labor supply.
Growers provide their own traps.
Growers raise the hogs in their own facilities and are compensated on a fee basis.
Growers realize that maximum yields are obtained with early planting.
Growers receive a base level for their produce plus a designated amount based on tonnage.
Growers receive a premium for fruit sold to gift companies because of the extra work involved.
Growers receive a premium price in the fresh market.
Growers receive the best prices when less of the crop is being sold in the market.
Growers receiving crop disaster payments are still eligible for the market loss payments.
Growers recommend calling first to make sure strawberries are available.
Growers recommend weeding beds routinely, removing flowers as desired and applying pesticides.
Growers refuse to negotiate.
Growers reject all farm worker advocacy groups.
Growers rely heavily on electricity to grow the drug.
Growers remove the sheep before they trample the wheat stubble.
Growers remove the snails by hand.
Growers report a light fragrance at night which is another asset.
Growers report a more uniform color with less green - just what buyers want.
Growers report Chinese chard is relatively easy to grow.
Growers report large leafy ground cover can help manage weed growth later in the season.
Growers report mineralized cucumbers are large and plentiful.
Growers report reasonable demand.
Growers report that they like the digital readout that records yield as the crop is harvested.
Growers report update.
Growers routinely sell their apples at a loss.
Growers save seed from year to year without having to purchase new seed.
Growers say a bad year happens about one year in ten.
Growers say low labor costs ensure low prices at the supermarket.
Growers say the high winds in the growing areas a few weeks ago did little damage.
Growers say the increase is due to more farmers growing more apples.
Growers say the prices they earn for their fruit have improved recently.
Growers say the smaller leafed varieties are hardier plants.
Growers say their energy bills have tripled.
Growers say they want graduates with practical experience.
Growers say they're uneasy that illegal immigrants make up an ever-larger share of their workers.
Growers see water sales as a way to offset mounting losses in a depressed economic climate.
Growers seem to worry most about if they are putting on enough fertilizer.
Growers select the most effective and appropriate pesticide and properly calibrate sprayer.
Growers select the most effective and appropriate pesticide and properly calibrate sprayers.
Growers select the most effectivve and appropriate pesticide and properly calibrate sprayers.
Growers simply buy the spawn from the experts.
Growers simply move on and clear more jungle for new coca crops.
Growers skillfully prune each tree to enhance the root and tree structure for ideal fruiting.
Growers stand to benefit from unique traits of each new variety.
Growers still plant vines.
Growers stop in to talk to exhibitors and pick up literature at meetings and shows.
Growers strive for high yields of good quality hay.
Growers struggle to stagger harvests so they can have full shipments for produce buyers every week.
Growers suggest buying in whole bean form and grinding just before brewing each pot.
Growers suggest refrigerating the onions after purchase.
Growers suspend the little bags under their fluorescent lights.
Growers tend to view quality in terms of vine balance.
Growers then identify and monitor pests.
Growers then report that their herbicide use often declines in zero tillage systems.
Growers then use water-reel harvesting machines to loosen the cranberries from their vine.
Growers there are the first in the United States to plant their cotton.
Growers tie pheromone dispensers on trees to confuse codling moth males.
Growers track total sales, turns and dollars per square foot of bench space.
Growers try exceedingly hard to see that their trees are fresh when they reach the marketplace.
Growers try to harvest during optimum soil conditions.
Growers typically flood harvested fields, then roll and crush the straw to enhance decomposition.
Growers typically pack their celery in wax treated corrugated cartons.
Growers typically plant cotton on the best land, which also rents for higher prices.
Growers typically raise the pigs in their own facilities and are compensated on a fee basis.
Growers typically raise the pigs in their own facilities, and are compensated on a fee basis.
Growers typically use two applications of glyphosate and have excellent weed control.
Growers use a range of seed treatments to overcome dormancy.
Growers use different methods to mimic the natural wooded habitat, with varying degrees of success.
Growers use disease resistant varieties where possible.
Growers use hand-held refractometers to check the soluble solids level before harvest.
Growers use information gathered from scouting to select and schedule appropriate control tactics.
Growers use insecticides like chlorpyrifos to kill the pests.
Growers use no synthetic herbicides, pesticides or fertilizers in the cultivation process.
Growers use overhead irrigation systems and keep the plants well watered.
Growers use suckers and corms trimmed from the sword suckers to produce new plants.
Growers use the information to regulate the quantity of water they put on crops accordingly.
Growers use three methods to sand.
Growers use vinclozolin to control fungi on grapes, strawberries and the like.
Growers use water management to reduce dependence on chemical insecticides and miticides.
Growers utilize many of the same cropping techniques and equipment used for agronomic crops.
Growers value the quality of fresh rain water.
Growers vary in the services that they offer to customers.
Growers voluntarily enter the program.
Growers yield larger crops due to pesticides.
Growers frequently ask if synthetic chemicals are appropriate in a sustainable farming system.
Growers frequently attribute nematode-related growth reductions to nutrient or water deficiencies.
Growers frequently use carbon scrubbers and ventilation to control odors.
Growers often find that just by instituting a monitoring program they use fewer sprays.
Growers often mention maintaining good plant nutrition as a key element in pest management.
Growers often plant before optimum temperatures are obtained in order to get an early harvest.
Growers often sample by tapping the blossom clusters of strawberry plants into shallow trays.
Growers often see areas of poor growth or abnormal plants in their fields.
Growers often specialize, providing only one or two crops.
Growers often turn to combine yield monitors to map yield variations.
Growers often use more than one type of system depending on their chosen crops.
Growers often use strategic irrigation over summer to increase yields.
Growers sometimes ask what the difference is in taking fertility soil samples and nematode samples.
Growers sometimes judge the degree of drop by what they find on the ground.
Growers sometimes use piece rate to determine pay for farmworkers in place of hourly wages.
Growers usually use multiple plants to get a fuller plant.
All growers are hesitant to plant due to the threat of another freeze in coming weeks.
All growers know that highest market price results from early watermelons.
All growers require a cultivar mix that can be harvested sequentially at the proper time.
Every grower can capture increased value if they are willing to ask their dealer how.
Every grower needs a spread sheet, basic accounting knowledge and a written farm plan.
Every grower wants to produce high yields and good-quality tobacco.
Many growers add an initial macronutrient charge to the medium at the time of mixing.
Many growers already use soil testing, nematode assay, and field services to their advantage.
Many growers also are interested in methods that adhere to organic farming standards.
Many growers also conduct on-farm tests to evaluate hybrids under their own conditions.
Many growers also have out grapes drying for raisins.
Many growers also train and hire workers for shearing.
Many growers apply fertilizer to dry soil and note the disappearance of granules before any rain.
Many growers apply night-break lighting year round as insurance.
Many growers are active in cooperatives, partnerships, and alliances.
Many growers are also hard at manure application.
Many growers are concerned about next year's crop.
Many growers are concerned about small sizes.
Many growers are dependent on the prune shakers for harvesting their crop.
Many growers are intolerable of the mere presence of whiteflies.
Many growers are now in the process of cluster thinning, doing their final adjustments to the crop.
Many growers are unsure of the effectiveness of their previous thinning sprays.
Many growers believe inside pens with outside runs are required for proper growth in ratite chicks.
Many growers believe that plant disease can be spread from seeds.
Many growers bring workers to the clinic.
Many growers choose endosulfan for the second insecticide on strawberries for tarnished plant bug.
Many growers combine tillage and herbicide to control early emerging weeds.
Many growers continue to use sulfur-coated urea in addition to a complete fertilizer in the fall.
Many growers decide when to apply pesticides based on the calendar, instead of scouting for pests.
Many growers divide their roots in the fall.
Many growers elect to pick each bud individually, as it reaches it prime.
Many growers elect to submit a second sample during the season to monitor changes in the media.
Many growers feel that the bigger the peanut seed, the better.
Many growers feel that the tariffs are too high.
Many growers find commercially bagged potting mixes satisfactory.
Many growers find that treated fruit ripens faster than untreated fruit.
Many growers follow a regular monthly feeding program during the growing season with good results.
Many growers grow all plants in the same temperature range with excellent results.
Many growers grow all plants in the same temperature range with excellent success.
Many growers have a tree or two producing a small quantity of fruit.
Many growers have both hot and sweet peppers.
Many growers have real and critical needs to measure the elements.
Many growers have special ingredients they like to add to tea.
Many growers hire labor at harvest time and transport the harvested fruit to a packing house.
Many growers install hot water lines below the tomato plants to dry the foliage.
Many growers keep their methods secret.
Many growers know it.
Many growers love coco.
Many growers make a special trip to deliver their own samples.
Many growers now know what to look for.
Many growers overwater their container crops.
Many growers place flats of cuttings or seeds directly on the bench.
Many growers plow down winter cover crops in late winter or very early spring.
Many growers prefer a commercial formulation containing both boron and calcium.
Many growers prefer fir bark to support the orchid roots in growing containers.
Many growers prefer to avoid risks.
Many growers prefer to stratify beech tree seeds in the refrigerator.
Many growers prefer to use common vetch because it has fewer hard seeds.
Many growers produce only one crop, or somethimes even just one cultivar.
Many growers produce vegetable transplants for their own field production or for sale.
Many growers raise the mushrooms on hardwood logs inoculated with the spores.
Many growers rely on Miami contacts for critical market information.
Many growers replace woodsgrown ginseng beds with goldenseal after harvesting there root.
Many growers routinely wash eggs with water and sanitizers.
Many growers say the price tag to convert is too high.
Many growers simply leave the sale of the seed or oil in the hands of their brokers.
Many growers simply visit their local garden store for seedling to transplant.
Many growers struggle from season to season, subject to the whims of the market.
Many growers struggle to keep growroom temperatures within acceptable limits.
Many growers supplement the native pollinators with commercial honeybee colonies.
Many Growers talk about the number of leaves out perpendicular to the shoot.
Many growers throw up the soil on both sides of the row.
Many growers treat damage after the beetle is gone.
Many growers underestimate their pollination needs.
Many growers use a bamboo stake to help in shipping.
Many growers use a combination of tillage and burndown herbicides to control early emerging weeds.
Many growers use a stale seedbed technique followed by cultivation, except in excessively wet years.
Many growers use blooming plants as living centerpieces in their home.
Many growers use blooming plants as living centerpieces in their homes.
Many growers use crop rotation as the main form of cultural nematode control.
Many growers use disinfectants prior to incubating.
Many growers use dwarf apple trees.
Many growers use float systems to produce vegetable transplants.
Many growers use fowl manure to provide nutrients to their crops.
Many growers use heat lamps.
Many growers use kestrels, also known as sparrow hawks, to keep unwanted birds away.
Many growers use pheromone or sex-lure traps to monitor peak insect activity.
Many growers use special bulb fertilizer at planting, following label directions.
Many growers use the pole method of thinning peaches.
Many growers view pesticide suppliers as a source of information on protective clothing.
Many growers wait too long before applying water.
Most growers adjust planting depth so that seed is placed in moist soil.
Most growers also say that acreage in the Westside District is just about the same as last year.
Most growers apply sulfur, oils and mostly chemical miticides in an attempt to control spider mites.
Most growers are into their best corns now.
Most growers are leery.
Most growers are more than happy to help.
Most growers are only interested in growing female plants so they can harvest the bud.
Most growers are plastic, and metal in usually be used because it can poison the plants.
Most growers are under a three or four spray program for field rot control.
Most growers are, however, aware of other considerations.
Most growers base their fertilizer programs on soil tests.
Most growers call for more labor than they require.
Most growers can produce certified seed if they are willing to make the extra effort.
Most growers can recognise the overall pale green colour of a nitrogen deficient citrus tree.
Most growers determine harvest by fruit taste and color.
Most growers disk in two directions.
Most growers feel there is benefit from use of a rooting hormone.
Most growers fertilize with a diluted concentration every week to two weeks.
Most growers fertilize with diluted concentration every week to two weeks.
Most growers finance through their local bank, where they have their home mortgaged.
Most growers find that it takes only minor shearing to produce a marketable tree.
Most growers handle their own seed stocks.
Most growers have a pager number and a voice number programmed.
Most growers have irrigation systems they use to insulate the plants in a coat of ice.
Most growers have pretty good guess.
Most growers invest in an oil press to maximize their returns.
Most growers leave the gourd intact until it is dry and the seeds rattle inside when shaken.
Most growers located near metropolitan areas tend to take advantage of the market.
Most growers modify the standard program to best fill their individual needs.
Most growers now use bumblebees for pollination.
Most growers pay pickers by the pint.
Most growers plant extra crops to allow for poor weather or pest problems.
Most growers plant more than one variety.
Most growers prefer pots that are deeper than they are wide.
Most growers prefer preemergence sprays and depend on timely moisture for herbicide activation.
Most growers prefer the ease of using polytape.
Most growers prefer to feed the heavy appetite of the U.S. market first.
Most growers recognize powdery mildew when it occurs on their crops.
Most growers remove and repot keikis after potting, water sparingly until new roots take hold.
Most growers report good quality in their production.
Most growers report success by straight cutting the crop as soon as shattering begins.
Most growers say the finest sounds they can hear are the sounds of hammers hitting nails.
Most growers seem to agree on the following principles, although there is no one 'method'.
Most growers seem to be conservative in that they expect the worse while hoping for the best.
Most growers sell their commodities at the same time, which drives price levels down.
Most growers start seeds either in flats or in cell packs.
Most growers take action if any slugs are observed.
Most growers take some steps to see that bee colonies are in or near their orchards.
Most growers tend to err on the side of excess when it comes to irrigation.
Most growers tend to specialize in a particular area.
Most growers treat crops such as plants in the Ericaceae three to four times per year.
Most growers use a combination of the two approaches.
Most growers use a rotation of fertilizers to complement key growth stages.
Most growers use a soilless mix, which had the advantage of being lightweight and disease-free.
Most growers use about the correct amount of water per acre each year.
Most growers use drilling rigs or backhoes to check soil depth when assessing sites.
Most growers use drip irrigation - the type of dripper depends on soil type and ground slope.
Most growers use irrigation.
Most growers use some form of control against aphids, blackfly and earwigs.
Most growers use standard, non-precocious rootstocks and prune to an open vase style system.
Most growers use the village name if the wine is entitled to it.
Most growers use the wet-pick method.
Most growers weigh eggs weekly to monitor water loss.
Some growers add a systemic insecticide to the dip.
Some growers advise covering the rose beds with manure in autumn when planting is finished.
Some growers allow a limited number of skipped shipments during the year.
Some growers allow the first growth to set seed.
Some growers allow their birds access to forage, while others provide only the prepared feed.
Some growers also have good luck with routine overhead watering to minimize mite infestations.
Some growers also recycle and reuse water.
Some growers appear to work under contract to specific traffickers.
Some growers apply nitrogen in split applications.
Some growers apply phosphorus as a starter fertilizer, although none is recommended by soil test.
Some growers are able to market their product directly to large volume chain stores.
Some growers are able to prevent plant injury through careful timing of their cropping cycle.
Some growers are fall-planting garlic in the hope of increasing their yields.
Some growers are interested in crabapple pollenizers.
Some growers are willing to trade off the higher energy costs for the savings in labor costs.
Some growers attach labels with wires to mark each tuber.
Some growers believe that a limey, loose soil is necessary for success.
Some growers bottle their own and many more still belong to cooperatives.
Some growers charge half the retail price, others charge slightly over the wholesale market price.
Some growers claim growing cannabis in soil produces the best smelling and tasting buds.
Some growers claim that anti-transpirants are effective.
Some growers complain about the light red exterior and light pink to white interior color.
Some growers consider themselves entertainment farmers.
Some growers continue spraying to prevent brown rot.
Some growers contribute financially to the clinic.
Some growers control mildew with fungicide.
Some growers cover their seed beds with clear plastic as soon as they sow the seeds in the spring.
Some growers culture the crop on polyfoam blocks which are floated on nutrient solution.
Some growers deliver their produce in already bagged or boxed shares.
Some growers dig a trench around the plant and than flood the hole.
Some growers dip the base of the cuttings into a rooting hormone.
Some growers do mulch their garlic at the time of planting in the fall.
Some growers even use it alone with great success.
Some growers even use plastic red flowers, pinned to a weed plant, disguising it as a flower bush.
Some growers favor growing more than one selection in a commercial orchard.
Some growers feel that graphing daily readings is a good way to track moisture status.
Some growers feel that the higher the protein the better.
Some growers fertilize with leaves or old hardwood sawdust or with ground-up rotted hardwood.
Some growers find that alcohol wiped or sprayed on mealy bugs halt the invasion.
Some growers find the test kits to be a convenient and valuable tool.
Some growers get around that problem by removing every other tree.
Some growers get very lucky with bagseed, and end up with great results.
Some growers graze sheep under the trees in autumn or winter which eat the fallen apple leaves.
Some growers grow their own rye crop for mulch.
Some growers have a small charge for their catalog or price list.
Some growers have existing facilities that are usable for raising heifers.
Some growers have great success with pro-mix.
Some growers have partial orders contracted and some only have a promise of a contract.
Some growers have success with it in a large pot.
Some growers head off freezes by stirring up artificial gusts with giant propellers.
Some growers keep the light female hermaphrodite plants to collect the pollen.
Some growers leave long framework branches when pruning freeze-damaged trees.
Some growers leave their lights off for several days before harvest to increase potency.
Some growers like to offer plants in flats without individual cells.
Some growers like to surround the tubers with sharp sand or Cornish grit.
Some growers maintain seed stocks of their own open-pollinated varieties.
Some growers make the diagonal cut on the bottom.
Some growers mistakenly believe that soil loses more moisture when cultivated.
Some growers mix grain sorghum with soybeans to produce a higher protein silage crop.
Some growers mix in additional perlite to better aerate the soil.
Some growers mow every other row, while some alternate blocks.
Some growers never pot or mount their orchids.
Some growers now make dry versions to go with food.
Some growers place individual nets over spider mum buds in the greenhouse.
Some growers place screens on the flower to protect the seeds from birds.
Some growers plan regular spray programs to control insects and diseases.
Some growers plant their young seedlings in the ground in their own bed.
Some growers prefer black trays to reduce algae growth.
Some growers prefer to leave several inches of the plant intact and cover the stump with coal ash.
Some growers prefer to plant in a plow furrow.
Some growers prefer to produce their own cuttings.
Some growers prefer to use a fluted coulter to disturb a wider band of soil in the row area.
Some growers prefer to use a slightly longer cutting for direct stick.
Some growers prefer trees that already have branches even when they are planted at lower densities.
Some growers prefer white trays to maximize light reflectivity.
Some growers prescribe to no pruning at planting time.
Some growers provide constant bottom heat by means of electric pads on their benches.
Some growers prune dwarf apple trees to the strong central leader system.
Some growers raise clams in big net bags that make it easier to harvest.
Some growers rave about golden-rain tree's durability and attractiveness.
Some growers recommend even deeper planting of up to five times the size of the bulb.
Some growers recommend mounting on cork or firm tree fern slabs.
Some growers recommend repotting phrags twice a year.
Some growers recommend soil from the surrounding area.
Some growers remain skeptical , however.
Some growers report different experiences with the same species of palm after a cold spell.
Some growers report the removal of individual hemp plants by inquisitive persons.
Some growers say it was the first one they saw.
Some growers say never to divide with less than four pseudobulbs because it can inhibit flowering.
Some growers say the new product is killing crawfish.
Some growers scour the field.
Some growers sow into small-celled trays and then transplant to larger trays or pots.
Some growers spray fields after they notice the distinctive, yellow pattern on the leaves.
Some growers spray or otherwise treat for the pest.
Some growers start sorting for uniformity of flowering and growth regulator applications.
Some growers start with spores, which are more like seeds.
Some growers still use multi-plier onions.
Some growers supplement drip irrigation with overhead systems.
Some growers switch at two weeks to create small, single bud cannabis plants.
Some growers take samples about once per month and send the samples to the lab for analysis.
Some growers take whole plant samples early and monitor the ear leaf nitrogen at tasseling.
Some growers think about calcium only to avoid the latter problem ignoring the former.
Some growers think it works well.
Some growers tie plants to a trellis.
Some growers treat whenever they discover pests.
Some growers trim the lower hands of bunches to increase the size of remaining hands of fruit.
Some growers tuck leaves away, while other remove leaves that are covering buds sites.
Some growers use a low protein, commercial fish feed.
Some growers use a rope with three knots whenever a tree needs to be placed.
Some growers use a separate bag for each clump.
Some growers use about half the recommended rate to maintain more flexibility in fertilization.
Some growers use beneficial organisms for biological control where appropriate.
Some growers use booby traps and weapons to protect their crops from rangers and law officers.
Some growers use conventional film-based aerial photography.
Some growers use custom soil mixes which they have prepared themselves.
Some growers use hydraulic or pneumatic pruners to increase speed.
Some growers use liquid feeds whilst others use powders.
Some growers use long, narrow pens, while others are successful with square pens.
Some growers use only the white seeds, others prefer the thick brown seeds.
Some growers use pure peat moss with no sand.
Some growers use rock wool in the mix to help retain water.
Some growers use rotted sawdust, bark mulches, wood chips, spoiled hay and straw.
Some growers use transplanters, but many plantings are made by hand.
Some growers use vaseline to maintain a seal between the lid and the container.
Some growers using raised beds frame their beds with wood.
Some growers wary Other growers remain wary.
A growl is a cry
Growls are obvious.
Growls are rare or absent in black bears.
A growler is a berg
Growlers are alien life-forms of remarkable complexity and strength.
Growlers are almost impossible to detect by radar.
Growlers are extremely suspicious.
Growlers are icebergs.
Growlers are speakers.
Growlers are very likely to complain.
Growlers can range from a small car to a large house in size.
Growlers expect the rules to be followed.
Growlers hate to wait for anything.
Growlers mature rapidly, taking about eleven months to go from pup to full-grown adult.
Growlers reproduce sexually, and have males and females called bulls and mommas, respectively.
Grown adults can decide for themselves.
Grown adults require forty or more pounds of food per day.
Grown caterpillars are two inches long and covered with branched, black-pointed green spines.
Grown children can also create accessory apartments in their homes for elder parents.
Grown children leave home sooner and life expectancy is longer.
Grown children roam the country in search of better careers and different ways of life.
Grown men can be fairly stupid at times.
Grown men cry.
Grown men faint, and women scream.
Grown men have more strength to go ahead than children.
Grown men knelt down at the pitcher's mound, scooping up dirt with cola cups.
Grown men scream.
Grown men stick fingers in their mouths like sucking infants.
Grown moose can swim five or ten miles.
A grownup is a person
Grownups also remember.
Grownups are important role models.
Grownups are in toy stores.
Grownups are often playful in a caress with their loved ones or indulge in wordplay, like puns.
Grownups are welcome, too, as long as they promise to behave.
Grownups become part of the educational process as explainers and encouragers.
Grownups can cook, talk on the phone, and get jobs.
Grownups can dress, eat and play hilarious games like kids.
Grownups can get married, get their hair cut, and buy pizza.
Grownups can take care of themselves.
Grownups deserve toys.
Grownups do it for the money.
Grownups do it.
Grownups drink champagne or martini but children drink juice.
Grownups enjoy the show as much as the youngsters.
Grownups have attitude problems also.
Grownups have between four and five litres.
Grownups have the pleasure of showing kids how it's done.
Grownups have to do that.
Grownups hurt kids.
Grownups interrupt children all the time and think nothing of it.
Grownups know that assuring adequate supplies is the higher priority.
Grownups love it.
Grownups never understand how much children want a certain thing a certain color or shape or size.
Grownups really care about and for each other.
Grownups tend do that.
Grownups think so, too.
Grownups use glue for mending or making decorations for their home.
Grownups often know what they're talking about.
Grownups usually are the first ones to poop out.
Every grownup has a personality, but an adult has character.
Many grownups have it as well .
Most grownups love spies, too.
Growth charts are another resource.
Growth charts are guidelines only.
Growth charts can also make it easy for parents to follow their children's growth.
Growth charts help pediatricians figure out if children are growing and gaining weight well.
Growth charts show that none of the village's children are under-sized.
All growth charts are printed on a durable canvas material and include grommets in each corner.
All growth charts come with adorable Oopsy daisy gift packaging.
Growth companies can produce eye-popping returns.
Growth companies have sales increasing faster than the economy as a whole is growing.
Growth companies have to earn above-average profits.
Growth companies report that ongoing maintenance is essential if a Web site is to succeed.
Growth companies understand what branding means in today s market.
Some growth companies operate dominant market positions.
Some growth companies operate dominant positions.
Some growth companies operate market positions.
Some growth companies operate positions.
Growth conditions require special treatments.
Growth conditions result in production.
Growth cones can simultaneously respond to both ligands in a cell-specific fashion.
Growth cones turn up concentration gradients of diffusible peripheral target-derived factors.
Growth cones utilize both widespread and local directional cues in the zebrafish brain.
Some growth cones consist of actin filament.
Some growth cones consist of filament.
Growth curve is flat over a period of time.
Growth curve is flat over period of time.
Growth curves can help identify trends and control for some error.
Some growth curves are below curves.
Some growth curves are below standard curves.
Some growth curves indicate growth.
Some growth curves indicate indeterminate growth.
Some growth curves show differences.
Some growth curves show growth.
Some growth curves show little differences.
Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor .
Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor.
A growth factor is a protein
Growth factor see colony stimulating factor.
Growth factors act to overcome the suppression of axon growth.
Growth factors appear as a clear solution in a small glass bottle, or pre-loaded syringe.
Growth factors are a hot area of research.
Growth factors are a major class of molecules involved in maintaining tissue homeostasis and repair.
Growth factors are also paracrine signal molecules.
Growth factors are essential for the growth of mammalian cells.
Growth factors are extracts from human skin, platelets, or collagen.
Growth factors are important in regulating many types of cell division.
Growth factors are only a part of a complex system regulating hematopoiesis.
Growth factors are peptide hormones that regulate the growth of cells and tissues.
Growth factors are proteins.
Growth factors are well known for their different regulatory roles in the body.
Growth factors boost heart's blood flow.
Growth factors can also stimulate cell division.
Growth factors can speed and enhance healing of the wound.
Growth factors cause growth.
Growth factors control growth.
Growth factors fail to protect oligodendrocytes against humoral injury in vitro.
Growth factors have effects.
Growth factors immobilized on artificial matrices show mitogenic effects.
Growth factors make cells divide.
Growth factors prevent glucose-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction in glia.
Growth factors promote cell growth.
Growth factors promote cell survival by inhibiting cellular apoptotic processes.
Growth factors promote development.
Growth factors promote growth.
Growth factors regulate cell growth.
Growth factors regulate defined phases of the cell cycle.
Growth factors regulate growth.
Growth factors reverse the impaired sprouting of microvessels from aged mice.
Growth factors stimulate bone growth.
Growth factors stimulate cell growth.
Growth factors stimulate cells to multiply and mature.
Growth factors stimulate growth.
Growth factors stimulate the maturation and proliferation of all blood cells.
Growth factors stimulate tissue repair and recovery through cellular growth.
Growth factors trigger activations.
All growth factors are ligands that act locally to amplify or attenuate cellular responses.
Most growth factors are polypeptides, similar in many respects to hormones.
Most growth factors cause growth.
Most growth factors control growth.
Most growth factors have effects.
Most growth factors promote cell growth.
Most growth factors promote development.
Most growth factors promote growth.
Most growth factors regulate cell growth.
Most growth factors regulate growth.
Most growth factors regulate only certain types of cells and tissues.
Most growth factors stimulate bone growth.
Most growth factors stimulate cell growth.
Most growth factors stimulate growth.
Some growth factors can tell breast cells to grow and divide.
Some growth factors influence osteoblast replication.
Some growth factors involve in determination.
Some growth factors involve in development.
Some growth factors involve in sex determination.
Some growth factors stimulate synthesis.
Growth failure is the primary abnormality.
Growth faults develop along the prograding delta front.
Growth form is upright and somewhat conical, keeping a neat shape without trimming.
Growth form varies considerably between species, altitude and site conditions.
Growth forms belong to the same species but look and function differently.
Growth formulas have more protein than the maintenance formulas, essential for growing kittens.
Growth formulas have more protein than the maintenance formulas, essential for growing puppies.
Growth groups meet in a member's home.
Growth groups provide support and fellowship.
Growth habit appears to be fairly loose when young, then very upright with age.
Growth habit can range from wide spreading to narrowly upright.
Growth habit is a combination of stem growth orientation plus overall growth shape.
Growth habit is a dormant.
Growth habit is aggressive to say the least.
Growth habit is broadly upright with fairly fast growth rate.
Growth habit is bushy and vigorous.
Growth habit is bushy on a nicely formed shrub.
Growth habit is bushy, and disease resistance is good.
Growth habit is bushy, covered with medium green foliage.
Growth habit is bushy, with bright green foliage.
Growth habit is compact and bushy, to three feet.
Growth habit is erect in the summer, and semi-erect in the fall.
Growth habit is fairly upright and branched heavily even when young.
Growth habit is fairly upright.
Growth habit is full and upright to four feet or more, with excellent disease resistance.
Growth habit is highly variable within cultivars.
Growth habit is lax.
Growth habit is low and bushy, and the foliage is disease resistant.
Growth habit is low and bushy.
Growth habit is moderately prostrate early in the season, but becomes more erect in spring.
Growth habit is more roundish with abundant pinkish flowers.
Growth habit is most often rosette .
Growth habit is narrowly upright and formal in appearance.
Growth habit is rounded and bushy with disease resistant dark green foliage.
Growth habit is rounded with medium growth rate.
Growth habit is rounded.
Growth habit is semi-bush.
Growth habit is semi-evergreen.
Growth habit is slow, compact and upright with small attractive leaves.
Growth habit is strong and healthy.
Growth habit is strong, and disease resistance is good.
Growth habit is tall and upright, and the canes take on an arching form as they mature.
Growth habit is the same as 'hidcote', except the flowers are pink to white.
Growth habit is upright and pyramidal.
Growth habit is upright and well-branched.
Growth habit is upright to four feet or so.
Growth habit is upright to four or five feet.
Growth habit is upright with fairly fast growth rate.
Growth habit is upright with very fast growth rate.
Growth habit is upright, and canes are covered with crinkled, dark green leaves.
Growth habit is upright, and the dark green foliage is lovely when healthy.
Growth habit is upright, and the large, semi-glossy leaves are disease resistant.
Growth habit is upright, semi-weeping stems forming a dense crown surrounded by root suckers .
Growth habit is vigorous and spreading, and the foliage is dark and disease resistant.
Growth habit makes it difficult to maintain legumes in the sward, thus it becomes sod-bound rapidly.
Growth habit refers to the outline or branching pattern.
Growth habit remains typical of other var.
Growth habit resembles mint, with luxurious foliage for a moist location.
Growth habit varies from small tree to multi-stemmed shrub.
Growth habits range from the diminutive to the tall and billowy.
Growth habits range from trailing vine types to upright garden forms.
Growth habits vary from a compact shrub to having long arching branches.
Growth habits vary from low growing to upright or spreading shrub to small tree.
Some growth habits make choices.
Some growth habits make good choices.
Growth hormone deficiencies can have different symptoms.
Growth hormone deficiencies can have symptoms.
Growth hormone deficiencies occur at ages.
Growth hormone stimulation tests measure capacity.
Growth hormone tests measure blood.
Growth hormone tests measure growth hormone blood.
A growth hormone is a hormone
Growth hormone acts on a wide variety of tissues to promote protein synthesis and growth .
Growth hormone affects many of the tissues in the body, including bone, fat and muscle.
Growth hormone can actually change that message.
Growth hormone can also increase muscle mass over the short term.
Growth hormone can help build height and weight.
Growth hormone can reverse the symptoms of loss of bone, muscle, energy, and libido.
Growth hormone causes hypertrophy of the kidney after one was removed.
Growth hormone causes mammary growth in combination with other hormones.
Growth hormone comes from two manufacturers.
Growth hormone controls somatic growth, tissue anabolism, and metabolic homeostasis.
Growth hormone declines with age in every animal species that has been tested to date.
Growth hormone decreases protein catabolism in children with cystic fibrosis.
Growth hormone encourages the body to put on muscle and use fat as a fuel.
Growth hormone enhances reepithelialization of human split - thickness skin graft donor sites.
Growth hormone enhances reepithelialization of human split-thickness skin graft donor sites.
Growth hormone fails to reverse effects of aging, researchers say.
Growth hormone fuels childhood growth and helps maintain tissues and organs throughout life.
Growth hormone gives an imperial calmness.
Growth hormone has a strong effect on bone growth, including the bones of the upper and lower jaws.
Growth hormone has no specific target tissue.
Growth hormone has pivotal role in influencing protein, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism in adults.
Growth hormone has powerful effects on the body.
Growth hormone has the same effect on tadpoles and frogs as it does on mammals.
Growth hormone has two distinct binding sites for growth hormone receptors.
Growth hormone helps to maintain youthful protein synthesis within cells.
Growth hormone helps to trigger fat metabolism for energy use in the muscle growth process.
Growth hormone increases rate of pubertal maturation.
Growth hormone increases the collagen supporting tissue of bone.
Growth hormone is a chemical normally made in the pituitary gland located at the base of the brain.
Growth hormone is a hormone that is produced and released by the pituitary gland in the brain.
Growth hormone is a key factor in body growth and organ development.
Growth hormone is a natural hormone of the body which is necessary for normal linear growth.
Growth hormone is a potent modulator of protein synthesis.
Growth hormone is a protein made by the pituitary gland and released into the blood.
Growth hormone is a protein that is necessary for the normal growth of the body's bones and tissues.
Growth hormone is a very specific chemical, with a very specific job.
Growth hormone is also an important factor in regulating bone growth.
Growth hormone is also of considerable interest as a drug used in both humans and animals.
Growth hormone is an important hormone that declines with aging.
Growth hormone is at times given to girls to help a child achieve a greater height.
Growth hormone is critical in maintaining and repairing muscle.
Growth hormone is essential for wound healing, necessary for repair.
Growth hormone is essential to growth.
Growth hormone is fragile.
Growth hormone is given by twice per day self administered injections.
Growth hormone is given to cattle to increase milk production.
Growth hormone is in many ways an anti-aging hormone.
Growth hormone is known for burning body fat.
Growth hormone is made by the pituitary.
Growth hormone is made in the pituitary gland and controls the growth of the bones.
Growth hormone is manufactured here.
Growth hormone is necessary to repair the connective tissue in order to prevent aches and pains.
Growth hormone is now available in an orally-absorbed spray.
Growth hormone is partially responsible for keeping bones and muscles strong.
Growth hormone is produced by the pituitary gland.
Growth hormone is produced by the pituitary, the body's master gland.
Growth hormone is produced during deep sleep, meaning less of the hormone is produced.
Growth hormone is released, which causes tissues to heal and regrow.
Growth hormone is replaced in twice daily self-administered injections.
Growth hormone is secreted at night, and children are on medications during the day.
Growth hormone is secreted during deep sleep.
Growth hormone is secreted during deep, slow-wave sleep.
Growth hormone is secreted in bursts.
Growth hormone is taken by twice per day, painless and easy, self-administered injections.
Growth hormone is the most abundant hormone made in the pituitary gland in the brain.
Growth hormone is the most vital.
Growth hormone is the only anti-aging treatment known that actually makes people look younger.
Growth hormone is used for muscle development and building new muscle mass.
Growth hormone occurs naturally within the body and is necessary for normal growth.
Growth hormone plays a counter regulatory role in glucose regulation.
Growth hormone plays a role in bone development, muscle development, and fat and weight gain.
Growth hormone primes the oxidative burst of human neutrophils.
Growth hormone promotes growth of the body.
Growth hormone promotes healthy anabolic metabolism throughout the body.
Growth hormone promotes protein metabolism and muscle development.
Growth hormone pushes the cell so it goes into the repair and reproductive stage more quickly.
Growth hormone pushes the cell so that it goes into the repair and reproductive stage more quickly.
Growth hormone reduces adipocyte sensitivity.
Growth hormone rejuvenates the immune system.
Growth hormone results in reduction in body fat with increased muscle growth development.
Growth hormone reverses age-related cardiac myofilament dysfunction in rats.
Growth hormone stimulates body cells to synthesize proteins and .
Growth hormone stimulates growth in children and muscle synthesis in adults.
Growth hormone stops the sagging, helps the immune system, the muscle mass and the sex drive.
Growth hormone upregulates gastrin and peptide yy gene expression.
Growth hormones are produced by the anterior pituitary gland of vertebrates.
Growth hormones are proteins, similar to insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
Growth hormones are proteins.
Growth hormones are species-specific.
Growth hormones cause effects.
Growth hormones control childhood development and maintain certain tissue structure in adults.
Growth hormones have benefits.
Growth hormones have effects.
Growth hormones have impact.
Growth hormones have positive effects.
Growth hormones have positive impact.
Growth hormones help growth.
Growth hormones help muscle growth.
Growth hormones improve performance.
Growth hormones increase chances.
Growth hormones induce growth.
Growth hormones induce normal growth.
Growth hormones play major roles.
Growth hormones play roles.
Growth hormones play vital roles.
Growth hormones promote differentiations.
Growth hormones provide benefits.
Growth hormones provide other benefits.
Growth hormones seem to be safe, at least for the first few years.
Growth hormones stimulate growth.
Growth hormones stimulate production.
Growth hormones stimulate root growth.
Growth hormones trigger responses.
Most growth hormone tests measure blood.
Most growth hormones cause effects.
Most growth hormones have benefits.
Most growth hormones have effects.
Most growth hormones have impact.
Most growth hormones have positive effects.
Most growth hormones have positive impact.
Most growth hormones help growth.
Most growth hormones help muscle growth.
Most growth hormones improve performance.
Most growth hormones increase chances.
Most growth hormones induce growth.
Most growth hormones induce normal growth.
Most growth hormones play major roles.
Most growth hormones play roles.
Most growth hormones play vital roles.
Most growth hormones promote differentiations.
Most growth hormones provide benefits.
Most growth hormones provide other benefits.
Most growth hormones stimulate growth.
Most growth hormones stimulate production.
Most growth hormones stimulate root growth.
Some growth hormones are produced by cows.
Some growth hormones cause tumors.
Some growth hormones find in blood.
Some growth hormones help children.
Some growth hormones help metabolism.
Some growth hormones increase food intake.
Some growth hormones increase intake.
Some growth hormones used in meat production are human carcinogens.
Growth investing is a matter of expectations.
Growth investing is like picking favorites at the racetrack.
Growth investing is very different.
Growth lines appear as distinct elevated ridges.
Growth lines are assumed to be annually formed.
Growth lines are essentially straight and directly transverse on the umbilical walls.
Growth lines are prominent.
Growth management can also help strengthen and diversify the County's economy.
Growth management continues to be an important issue.
Growth management depends on developing minimum level of service standards that can be maintained.
Growth management is a planning approach that addresses the problems of rapid development.
Growth management is difficult because it requires new thinking.
Growth management is the primary area of concern.
Growth media is a mixture of sugar, proteins and minerals that allows microscopic life to grow.
Growth mindset is dead.
Growth models measure the amount of academic progress students make between two points in time.
Growth of knowledge leads to specialization and branching.
Growth plates are areas of the bone, usually near the ends, from which the bone grows in children.
Growth plates are responsible for growth of the bones.
Growth plates are soft areas of the young bone that grow and add length to the bones.
Some growth plates affect development.
Some growth plates are more responsible for extensive bone growth than others.
Growth potential has effects.
Growth potential has negative effects.
Growth promoters are usually plant hormones.
Growth promoters have effects.
Most growth promoters have effects.
A growth rate is a rate
Growth rate bears an inverse relationship to number of rings per inch.
Growth rate can also be dependent on the general conditions in which it is grown.
Growth rate decelerates in the second year of life, as do caloric requirements.
Growth rate declines rapidly with increasing age and is similar in males and females.
Growth rate declines, while feed consumption rises.
Growth rate depends on both feeding conditions and water temperature.
Growth rate depends on temperature.
Growth rate depends upon factors such as moisture, light, nutrients, space, and insect infestation.
Growth rate exceeds the industry standard.
Growth rate is affected by soil productivity and fertility levels.
Growth rate is another important factor when choosing a tree.
Growth rate is consider medium, yet provides excellent shade.
Growth rate is controlled mainly by the amount of rainfall, plant size, and soil type.
Growth rate is dependent on temperatures and food supply available.
Growth rate is designed to keep pace with funeral costs over time.
Growth rate is fairly rapid, partial shade tolerance.
Growth rate is fairly rapid.
Growth rate is fast at first and then slows down.
Growth rate is fast.
Growth rate is generally slow but is related to moisture conditions.
Growth rate is greatest during the first two years of life and during adolescence.
Growth rate is higher in developing countries.
Growth rate is inversely proportional to the translation distance.
Growth rate is less than one inch per year.
Growth rate is measured as growth occurring in the first five summers of life.
Growth rate is medium fast.
Growth rate is medium slow.
Growth rate is medium to fast.
Growth rate is medium to rapid depending on water and environment.
Growth rate is medium.
Growth rate is middle.
Growth rate is moderate to fast.
Growth rate is moderate to rapid, plant in full sun to half shade.
Growth rate is moderate to rapid.
Growth rate is moderate, perhaps a foot or two per year, more when young and less when old.
Growth rate is moderate.
Growth rate is much slower until the individual reaches the adolescent period.
Growth rate is partly a reflection of environmental conditions, and partly genetics.
Growth rate is rapid by means of underground stems.
Growth rate is rapid.
Growth rate is reduced but food conversion tends to improve, when muskellunge are reared in tanks.
Growth rate is reportedly four times faster than red maple cultivars.
Growth rate is slow at first but becomes moderate to fast once established.
Growth rate is slow to moderate, texture is medium to coarse.
Growth rate is slow until the root system is well established, increasing rapidly subsequently.
Growth rate is slow, root systems are poorly developed, weak stalks, and lodging often occurs.
Growth rate is slow, texture is medium to course.
Growth rate is slow.
Growth rate is the change in cell number or mass per unit time.
Growth rate is the change per unit time.
Growth rate is the consensus long-term earnings growth rate.
Growth rate is usually low.
Growth rate is variable, but generally rapid.
Growth rate is varied, depending on the species.
Growth rate represents the benefits accrued by the fish from living in one or another habitat.
Growth rate seems to be dependent on the amount of food available for ingestion.
Growth rate slows dramatically during late summer while mineralization of the antler is completed.
Growth rate tends to vary according to site characteristics, however.
Growth rate varies depending on the species.
Growth rate varies widely among cod stocks.
Growth rate varies with factors in the environment.
Growth rate varies with location, and is dependent upon temperature and food supply.
Growth rates are constant.
Growth rates are dependent on season, age, water and ambient air temperatures, and flow rates.
Growth rates are determined by water temperature and the amount of available food.
Growth rates are extremely slow.
Growth rates are faster for populations of underdeveloped nations.
Growth rates are high.
Growth rates are highly variable in children.
Growth rates are in parentheses.
Growth rates are measured in terms of how much a child grows within a specified period of time.
Growth rates are much slower than for pines, particularly during the first few years.
Growth rates are nowhere near the doubling that took place in utero.
Growth rates are positive in both parcels since each population is below carrying capacity.
Growth rates are rates.
Growth rates are significantly faster when weed barrier is used.
Growth rates are slow compred to other species.
Growth rates are slower in southern latitudes and maximum size is larger in northern latitudes.
Growth rates are, in general, negatively affected by turbulence.
Growth rates can be dramatic, particularly in warm, humid and dark places.
Growth rates can be slower in exposed areas and faster in protected sites.
Growth rates can be very slow if grown away from deep river bottoms or stream banks.
Growth rates change.
Growth rates contain several sets of information.
Growth Rates Enter symbol.
Growth rates equal or exceed that of other areas of Oregon or Washington.
Growth rates reduce with age.
Growth rates shown are annual compound rates.
Growth rates slow down as alligators become older.
Growth rates vary across the land.
Growth rates vary from bird to bird, but the general process remains the same.
Growth rates vary greatly.
Growth rates vary over time, with least growth occurring in winter as air and sea temperatures fall.
Growth rates vary seasonally and with location.
Growth rates vary widely, depending upon substrate, clam densities, tidal level, and location.
Growth rates vary with age, season and nutrition.
Growth rates vary with local conditions.
All growth rates reflect income before adjustment for inflation.
Most growth rates are written as percents.
A growth regulator is a material
Growth regulator herbicides control broadleaf weeds and can injure sugar-beet.
Growth regulators affect post-transplant growth of bedding plants.
Growth regulators are how one part of a tree communicates with other parts.
Growth regulators can increase tuber initiation.
Growth regulators facilitate harvesting of oranges .
Growth regulators increase resistance.
Growth regulators mimic naturally occurring plant hormones and cause uncontrolled growth.
Growth regulators provide a degree of temporary control but repeated applications are required.
Many growth regulators deteriorate rapidly, and fresh solutions are made up as needed.
Most growth regulators increase resistance.
Some growth regulators have modes.
Some growth regulators have survival.
Some growth regulators offer options.
Some growth regulators offer other options.
Some growth regulators prevent maturation.
Growth retardation continues after birth as failure to thrive.
Growth retardation is a common sign in children.
Growth retardation is evident in length, weight, and head circumference.
Growth retardation is present in some patients who have an early onset of disease.
Most growth retardation begins much earlier.
A growth ring is a natural phenomenon
Growth rings are clearly evident in most individuals, but become worn smooth with age.
Growth rings are prominent due to darker latewood.
Growth rings are usually well defined by light colored wood cells.
Growth rings distinct, particularly on end grain.
Growth spurt occurs, on average, two years earlier in females than males.
Growth spurts can vary.
Growth spurts occur much later in puberty for boys than girls.
Growth spurts require increased amounts of iron.
Growth spurts seem to occur around five days, three weeks, three months, and other times.
Growth stock has incredible potential.
Growth stock has potential.
Growth stock is stock
Growth stock is stock.
Growth stock is the second level of stock.
Growth stocks are bodies in motion, kept moving by earnings growth and estimate upgrades.
Growth stocks are growth stocks because the business creates economic value.
Growth stocks are in companies whose stock price appreciates with time.
Growth stocks are often new companies in new industries exploring new markets.
Growth stocks are one of the key elements in the three principles.
Growth stocks are scarce in the Singapore market.
Growth stocks are securities that investors expect to increase in value over the long term.
Growth stocks are still trying to regain a foothold, industry officials say.
Growth stocks are stocks of growth companies.
Growth stocks are the comfort zone for baby boomers.
Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.
Growth stocks comprise an interesting genre.
Growth stocks deliver consistently high rates of growth in sales and earnings.
Growth stocks fall faster.
Growth stocks have high and rising earnings and sell for high prices, relative to their earnings.
Growth stocks have rates of earnings growth greater than that of the norm.
Growth stocks have the potential for capital gains rather than income.
Growth stocks increase in value by exploiting longer-term fundamental trends.
Growth stocks offer the potential for significant capital appreciation.
Growth stocks represent a step up in risk and potential return.
Growth stocks represent companies with rapidly expanding earnings growth.
Growth stocks tend to be more aggressive and value stocks tend to be more defensive.
Growth stocks tend to be more volatile, but in the long term return more profit.
Growth stocks tend to be priced at a premium compared to what the company's assets are worth.
Growth stocks tend to carry high price tags relative to what they are currently earning.
Growth stocks tend to have high revenue and earning-growth rates.
Most growth stock has incredible potential.
Most growth stock has potential.
Some growth stock comes from companies.
Growth strategy consultants improve effectiveness.
Growth strategies encourage expansion.
Growth strategies encourage population expansion.
Growth strategies encourage rapid expansion.
Growth strategies encourage rapid population expansion.
Growth substances included in the media are used as low as possible.
Growth temperature ranges from cs.
Growth theories include explanations.
Growth theory brings specific ideas into the more conservative and generalized programs.
Growth theory is now a recognized sub-discipline of the economics profession.
Growth theory separates investment in capital and investment in technology.
All growth theories are essentially theories of savings.
Some growth theories focus on input.
Growth according to inherent patterns sets a balance and establishes harmony.
Growth affects almost every aspect of our lives.
Growth affects bear habitats.
Growth affects habitats.
Growth affects the river in many ways.
Growth also brings increased trade flows and opens markets to U.S. exports.
Growth also can incrementally fill-in low areas and alter flood damage risks.
Growth also changes the character of communities.
Growth also creates costs.
Growth also happens here.
Growth also increases the domestic violence incidents, which is already a huge problem.
Growth also is a function of mineral concentration.
Growth also is constrained by limitations on insurance reimbursement for dietetic services.
Growth also means an increasing operating budget.
Growth also means change.
Growth also means financial health and recognition.
Growth also occurs when faith becomes active in love.
Growth also permits a country to distribute foreign aid.
Growth also produces great differences in build.
Growth also spans the medical, financial, retail, and recreation sectors.
Growth also takes place inwardly through spiritual maturity.
Growth anticipated is scholarly.
Growth appears even as fields green.
Growth appears flat for a period of time, then increases rapidly.
Growth appears to be affected only as a result of decreased appetite.
Growth appears to have slowed down somewhat on a monthly basis as the year progressed.
Growth appears to increase the chance of overuse injuries.
Growth are apparent in such hot industries as computer programming, marketing and pharmaceuticals.
Growth arises from chemical saturation, from hunger satisfaction, from eating.
Growth attracts attention.
Growth attracts much attention.
Growth attracts notice.
Growth becomes more challenging as a scale increases.
Growth becomes upright in form with irregular branching.
Growth begins again in the spring or rainy season.
Growth begins at the bottom and rises to the surface as oxygen becomes trapped by the filaments.
Growth begins by being willing to step outside our comfort zone.
Growth begins in early springs.
Growth begins in many ways and in many places.
Growth begins in shoots formed the previous autumn and early winter.
Growth begins in spring and continues through the summer.
Growth begins in spring, and ends in summer or early autumn.
Growth begins in springs.
Growth begins late in the spring but little feed is produced until the summer rains begin.
Growth begins shortly after the egg is fertilized and individual cells divide and multiply.
Growth begins with bud swell in the spring and continues into late summer and fall.
Growth begins with community confidence.
Growth brings growing pains.
Growth brings instability and crime, stagnation stabilizes.
Growth brings many new challenges and opportunities for any business.
Growth brings new roads, redevelopment.
Growth brings results.
Growth brings traffic, and surface streets countywide are feeling the effect.
Growth can allow the countries in question to focus on more than mere survival.
Growth can also bring new problems.
Growth can also come in the form of strategic acquisitions.
Growth can also come when a couple of companies come together.
Growth can also spur the development of financial services.
Growth can be a gift, but at the moment it s become a nuisance.
Growth can be cancerous, disastrous, or growth can be healthy.
Growth can be either horizontal or vertical.
Growth can be frustrating, but it's also exciting.
Growth can be good and growth can be bad.
Growth can be good if it is controlled and planned.
Growth can be good if planned correctly, with the best interest of people and the community in mind.
Growth can be in areas other than acquisitions.
Growth can be much more rapid than exponential.
Growth can be of the fingers, hands, feet, jaw, eye ridges, and head.
Growth can be substantial if the policy and institutional environment is right.
Growth can be towards improvement or detriment.
Growth can be very rapid in small animals, with adult size reached in a few weeks.
Growth can be very slow with seedlings started in nutrient-rich soil doing best.
Growth can begin through the application of excellence and elegance.
Growth can come about by the personality, natural abilities, and winning ways of a pastor.
Growth can come from mitosis, or from changes in cell size or shape.
Growth can continue, since the pig's body can deal with animal source protein and energy.
Growth can destroy differentiation.
Growth can emerge from death and decay.
Growth can exceed management's expertise and ability.
Growth can happen with living organisms.
Growth can hide problems in employees' attitudes, in product quality, and in customer service.
Growth can lift many more people out of poverty if it is pro-poor and sustainable.
Growth can lift many more people out of poverty if it is pro-poor, and sustainable.
Growth can occur in any part of the filament.
Growth can occur in everyday, family or interpersonal situations.
Growth can occur in the connective tissue of the carpal tunnel compressing the median nerve.
Growth can only come if there is something to grow towards.
Growth can only happen from strong roots or a solid foundation.
Growth can only occur where there is a willingness to change.
Growth can only take place while transcending obstacles.
Growth can refer to an increase in cell number or an increase in cell size.
Growth can strain road, water, and sewer systems.
Growth can take off like crazy.
Growth can take place in the interior of the plant with the presence of sunlight.
Growth cares little for sentiment.
Growth causes budget surpluses.
Growth causes change.
Growth causes expansion.
Growth certainly can continue outside of villages.
Growth chronically lags U.S. levels by a couple of percentage points.
Growth clearly is driven by the robust U.S. economy.
Growth comes about after surviving frutrating and limiting situations.
Growth comes at a cost.
Growth comes at a price, and challenge is a major part of that price.
Growth comes from aggregating.
Growth comes from capital accumulation which in turn springs from savings.
Growth comes from change.
Growth comes from commitment.
Growth comes from employment.
Growth comes from experimenting.
Growth comes from innovative firms, particularly SMEs.
Growth comes from love.
Growth comes from new construction and from the rising value of existing property.
Growth comes from nurturing our selves.
Growth comes from stems.
Growth comes in a series of spurts, as a general rule.
Growth comes in all steps, and small steps make a difference.
Growth comes only through reaching.
Growth comes only to the living.
Growth comes out of investment which in turn is fuelled by savings.
Growth comes second.
Growth comes through change.
Growth comes through doing new things, meeting new people and establishing new routines.
Growth comes through facing reality.
Growth comes through painful experiences.
Growth comes with a certain nostalgia for the past.
Growth coming More growth is to come.
Growth commonly creates discomfort.
Growth consists both of convert baptisms and natural growth through the birth of children.
Growth consists in the division of the cells of the filament.
Growth consists of capital accumulation which means expansion of the capital structure.
Growth consists of long, thin trailing stems which root quite freely, woody and creeping.
Growth continues and the future looks bright.
Growth continues as long as there is a supply of hydrothermal fluid.
Growth continues at a pretty healthy pace.
Growth continues at a rate which exceeded demographic projections.
Growth continues at a slower rate throughout life.
Growth continues at an astounding pace.
Growth continues at both locations both numerically and financially.
Growth continues despite the economic slowdown.
Growth continues even after sexual maturity is attained.
Growth continues for forty years.
Growth continues for many more years.
Growth continues for many years.
Growth continues for most of our clients.
Growth continues for years.
Growth continues from the base of the leaf after a portion of the leaf blade is mowed off.
Growth continues in both the owner operator and major fleet segments of the transportation industry.
Growth continues in both the United States and Canada.
Growth continues in the form of interest groups and regional alumni coordinators.
Growth continues in the retail and service sectors, and in the professions.
Growth continues normally.
Growth continues slowly.
Growth continues throughout childhood.
Growth continues throughout their lifespan.
Growth continues to be a concern.
Growth continues to be a primary focus into the millennium.
Growth continues to be the keyword in other city news.
Growth continues to be tremendous, with a near doubling in subscribers reported each year.
Growth continues to decline across the district.
Growth continues to slow despite the view from the rear view mirror.
Growth continues to take place each year.
Growth continues to tax the infrastructure that delivers water and removes waste.
Growth continues unabated.
Growth continues uninterrupted and flowering is faster with higher bud count.
Growth continues with the school district also.
Growth continues, but at a slower ratethan normal.
Growth continues, but now it is at a slower rate.
Growth continues, however, until sometimes as many as twenty flowers are produced.
Growth covers up mistakes.
Growth creates demand for more roads and police.
Growth creates imbalances.
Growth creates jobs that use labor, the main asset of the poor.
Growth creates jobs, profits and higher stock prices.
Growth creates more growth.
Growth creates new wealth.
Growth creates opportunity.
Growth creates problems.
Growth creates profit opportunity.
Growth creates serious problems.
Growth creates the magic and the wonder.
Growth creates weed problems.
Growth decreases in summer and stops altogether in winter.
Growth defines childhood for all species.
Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Growth demands life-long learning.
Growth demands music that challenges the intellect and touches the heart in significant ways.
Growth demands understandings placed in a manageable environment.
Growth depends on climatic conditions.
Growth depends on concentration.
Growth depends on conditions.
Growth depends on consumption.
Growth depends on dietary concentration.
Growth depends on doing a better job of knowing the customer.
Growth depends on environmental conditions.
Growth depends on factors.
Growth depends on forming partnerships with chip vendors and customers from anywhere in the world.
Growth depends on genetics.
Growth depends on government funds.
Growth depends on growth factors.
Growth depends on increasing interest in health and fitness.
Growth depends on investment.
Growth depends on knowledge.
Growth depends on mitosis.
Growth depends on moisture and temperature so be patient.
Growth depends on moisture and temperature.
Growth depends on nutrients.
Growth depends on nutrition and heredity.
Growth depends on pleasant temperature.
Growth depends on rainfall.
Growth depends on several factors, including water temperature and available food.
Growth depends on several factors.
Growth depends on size.
Growth depends on soil conditions.
Growth depends on species, soil and weather.
Growth depends on states.
Growth depends on temperature.
Growth depends on the availability of food, season and water temperature.
Growth depends on the students' development of leadership and organizational skills.
Growth depends on water.
Growth depends on weather.
Growth depends to a significant extent on the resources a country has.
Growth depends upon improving our safety standards.
Growth depends upon light.
Growth depends upon nutrition.
Growth depends, in part, on the ability of a pathogen to obtain essential nutrients such as iron.
Growth depletes natural resources.
Growth determines weight.
Growth does cause some stress, though, especially on the school system.
Growth does occur, however, on special agar plates containing buffered charcoal yeast extract.
Growth does slow if the temperature indoors is colder than that.
Growth drives development.
Growth drives employment.
Growth drives expansion opportunity.
Growth drives opportunity.
Growth emerges from a corm very similar to a bulb.
Growth enables our employees to work on larger, more complex projects.
Growth encompasses how a person s writing evolves over time.
Growth encouraging Despite the apparent odds, though, there is hope.
Growth ends when the plate eventually calcifies.
Growth enhances levels.
Growth entails attracting top talent and providing required infrastructure.
Growth equals growth.
Growth equals victory.
Growth estimates for three species of reef fish in the eastern gulf of Mexico.
Growth exhibits itself in the processes of repair and regeneration.
Growth expands public revenues that can be used for better infrastructure and social services.
Growth features such as adjustable straps.
Growth follows general patterns.
Growth follows major highways and train lines.
Growth follows patterns.
Growth follows same general patterns.
Growth follows same patterns.
Growth follows success, and more bureaucracy follows growth.
Growth follows transportation routes.
Growth follows, and then a second wave of metastasis begins.
Growth generally begins during the first six weeks of life and continues for about one year.
Growth generally continues throughout life, but is very slow in older animals.
Growth generally helps create jobs, and fair competition and trade create better jobs.
Growth generally requires expanding leadership at the top, as well as staffing at the bottom.
Growth generally slows in the beginning of each year and picks up in the second half of the year.
Growth generates trade.
Growth gets a bad rap, both when it happens and when it stops.
Growth gives hope.
Growth gives people the opportunity to lift themselves out of poverty.
Growth gives rise to the 'drive to maturity'.
Growth goes down - and stays down.
Growth gradually slows in the fall because of cooler temperatures and shorter days.
Growth happens at random intervals and is affected by growing conditions.
Growth happens in rings.
Growth happens quickly and seems like overnight.
Growth has a price.
Growth has biological consequences.
Growth has capacity.
Growth has causes.
Growth has characteristics.
Growth has consequences.
Growth has effects.
Growth has general characteristics.
Growth has impact.
Growth has many components and impacts.
Growth has many consequences and influences they way services are allocated and provided.
Growth has no systematic impact on inequality.
Growth has phases.
Growth has positive effects.
Growth has potential.
Growth has priority over storage for carbohydrate use.
Growth has profound effects.
Growth has profound impact.
Growth has similarity.
Growth has social consequences.
Growth has superficial similarity.
Growth has to be equitable and sustainable.
Growth has to do with having an interest in new ideas, findings and opportunities.
Growth has to do with the location of the tree and the type of care it has received.
Growth has to sit comfortably alongside the welfare and prosperity of the local community.
Growth helps generate revenue, and increased revenue can help provide additional programs.
Growth helps nation more easily do environmental cleanup.
Growth helps politicians acquire more governmental revenue and generate electoral support.
Growth here is incremental.
Growth hits schools harder than any other aspect of community life.
Growth holds a significant edge over the three-year period as well.
Growth implies and entails risk.
Growth implies land acquisition for parking and facilities as well.
Growth implies more of the same.
Growth implies spread, and like a cancer, it metastasizes.
Growth improves appearances.
Growth improves general health.
Growth improves health.
Growth includes a volleyball court and a concrete BBQ fire ring in foreground.
Growth includes phases.
Growth increases ability.
Growth increases business productivity.
Growth increases cell numbers.
Growth increases chances.
Growth increases consumption.
Growth increases harvest.
Growth increases importance.
Growth increases production.
Growth increases productivity.
Growth increases sales.
Growth increases survival.
Growth increases the demand for services that require energy.
Growth increases the load on the sewer system and on the transportation system.
Growth increases total consumption.
Growth influences development.
Growth influences factors.
Growth intensifies the consequences of limited resources.
Growth involves both an increase in cell numbers and cell size.
Growth involves giving as well as receiving .
Growth involves quantitative, whereas development is qualitative change.
Growth involves repetition.
Growth involves standards, instruction, modeling, accountability, and encouragement.
Growth involves stretching our mind.
Growth involves the conversion of consumed materials into biomass, new individuals, and waste.
Growth is a bad strategy.
Growth is a big factor here.
Growth is a biological process
Growth is a challenge that effects all Colorado citizens.
Growth is a characteristic exhibited by living organisms.
Growth is a characteristic of all life.
Growth is a combination of knowledge, obedience and time.
Growth is a completely unique process of life.
Growth is a constant lifetime process for all participants in discussion.
Growth is a continuous process.
Growth is a discontinuous process.
Growth is a double-edged sword.
Growth is a fairly complex process.
Growth is a familiar topic here and one of keen importance.
Growth is a function of nutrition.
Growth is a given.
Growth is a good thing from all perspectives.
Growth is a good thing, and brings many positives to the region.
Growth is a good thing, but it's got to be controlled.
Growth is a good thing.
Growth is a good variable to monitor adequate nutrition.
Growth is a highly charged political issue.
Growth is a horizontal extension of the existing structure non-stop.
Growth is a horizontal flow.
Growth is a key economic issue from several perspectives.
Growth is a key part of that commitment.
Growth is a key, especially since many members come and go over time.
Growth is a knee-jerk goal for corporations and for governments.
Growth is a legitimate problem but stopping growth is a faulty solution.
Growth is a meaningful indicator of the overall health of a city.
Growth is a mindset as well as a creative game.
Growth is a multivariant response and therefore it is difficult to sort out.
Growth is a painful, but necessary process.
Growth is a physical change that can be weighed and measured.
Growth is a pre-requisite for addressing the question of poverty.
Growth is a primary goal for Delaware's fund business.
Growth is a priority for most organizations but many fail to achieve their ambitions.
Growth is a process continuing throughout an individual's professional career.
Growth is a process of capital accumulation.
Growth is a process of experimentation, a series of trials, errors, and occasional victories.
Growth is a process of experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error - experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error and experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error, and experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error, experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial and error.
Growth is a process of trial, error and experimentation.
Growth is a process of trial, error, and experimentation.
Growth is a process one that includes setbacks, failures, hard lessons, and yes, brokenness.
Growth is a process or trial and error, experimentation.
Growth is a process, voice is a process, community is a process, so is reading and writing.
Growth is a process.
Growth is a real challenge.
Growth is a reality on Wisconsin.
Growth is a resource generating process.
Growth is a result of individual involvement in and concern for the lives of others.
Growth is a series of steps.
Growth is a sign of life.
Growth is a stupid goal.
Growth is a subjective issue.
Growth is a two-sided coin.
Growth is a very good indicator of how well a management plan is working.
Growth is a very profound experience.
Growth is a vital component of many companies' long-term goals.
Growth is a wonderful experience, but it comes with a price tag.
Growth is a world-wide problem.
Growth is about learning from every experience.
Growth is about to recover in South East Asia.
Growth is above average in Germany and Scandinavia.
Growth is achieved in two ways, organically and by acquisition or development.
Growth is achieved through internal means and strategic add-on acquisitions.
Growth is achieved through investment of human and fiscal capital in productive enterprise.
Growth is achieved through the capital appreciation of common shares.
Growth is achieved through the re-licensing of products as new versions render the old obsolete.
Growth is achieved through the resolution of discordance.
Growth is affected and flowers abort due to the action of toxic saliva.
Growth is affected by many factors including nutrients, temperature, oxygen, pH, and growth itself.
Growth is again an issue in the region.
Growth is also a by-product of innovation.
Growth is also a vital source of financing for targeted social outlays.
Growth is also an issue plaguing planners in almost every municipality.
Growth is also good for our existing customers.
Growth is also impaired.
Growth is also likely in government, education and financial services.
Growth is also necessary to our economy.
Growth is also strategic.
Growth is always a painful process.
Growth is always a tool, never an end in itself.
Growth is always good.
Growth is always hard to predict, but the projections seem reasonable.
Growth is always something that happens from an inner center to an outer center.
Growth is an amazing thing to witness.
Growth is an attractive possibility.
Growth is an especially difficult phenomenon to study.
Growth is an essential component of any successful endeavor.
Growth is an important challenge looking ahead.
Growth is an important part of any business.
Growth is an important way of maintaining and renewing vitality in our company.
Growth is an increase in potential output.
Growth is an increase in size, while development is an increase in quality and diversity.
Growth is an issue in Montana and throughout the West.
Growth is an issue that has recently divided county residents.
Growth is an ongoing process, including more than bricks and mortar.
Growth is an ongoing, lifelong journey.
Growth is an opportunity for every citizen to benefit.
Growth is and has been a concern of the residents of Colorado for a long time.
Growth is another concern.
Growth is another major area of interest.
Growth is anticipated for all networks segments.
Growth is anticipated only in the areas of suffering and mortality.
Growth is apparent in two of the town's six precincts.
Growth is approximated at three percent monthly.
Growth is approximately one percent per month.
Growth is arrested at the root tip and transferred to the attachment point.
Growth is as individual as each child.
Growth is as much about retaining existing customers as it is about gaining new ones.
Growth is assumed to occur at the gel surface.
Growth is assured.
Growth is at a frightening pace.
Growth is at the base, and the tooth is a segment of a true circle.
Growth is at the centre of both engineering stories.
Growth is attributed to both increase in home use and Internet access in corporations.
Growth is available, but any team member is welcome to maintain one position if desired.
Growth is bad.
Growth is based on population growth.
Growth is based upon monthly averages, reducing risk by smoothing out large swings in the market.
Growth is beside the point.
Growth is best at full light intensity.
Growth is best if slow and controlled.
Growth is best in at least partial shade.
Growth is best in full sunlight in deep, rich, moist soils.
Growth is best in moist, fertile, well-drained soils and full sun to partial shade.
Growth is best on deep fertile soils in disturbed or open sites.
Growth is best on moist, well-drained soils in full sun.
Growth is best on moist, well-drained, fertile soils and full sun.
Growth is best on well-drained, sandy loam soils that are somewhat acid.
Growth is best when basal area is reduced by about one-half.
Growth is better in moist conditions.
Growth is better in undisturbed areas than disturbed areas.
Growth is better on young vines as they look after the recent rains.
Growth is bi-directional.
Growth is both internal and external.
Growth is both rapid and differential.
Growth is bushy and disease resistant.
Growth is bushy and vigorous, and performance is best in areas with warm summers.
Growth is bushy, dense and wide to about four feet.
Growth is bushy, with disease resistant, semi-glossy foliage.
Growth is by a gradual metamorphosis.
Growth is by no means the sole objective of aid.
Growth is calculated from constant price GNP in national currency units.
Growth is calculated from constant price GNP per capita in national currency units.
Growth is caused by maturation.
Growth is central to childhood.
Growth is centred in the Helsinki metropolitan area and a few other cities.
Growth is change.
Growth is characteristic of the fourth month.
Growth is checked and trees are dwarfed.
Growth is checked by cool weather.
Growth is checked.
Growth is clearly evident in the sport pilot category.
Growth is completed after two to four years.
Growth is completed by the start of the summer.
Growth is concentrated in a few regions of the country and in one or two manufacturing industries.
Growth is considered a given.
Growth is consistent actions that add up over time.
Growth is constrained by the inability to find adequately trained people.
Growth is continued through the fall and into the winter, although growth in winter is reduced.
Growth is continued until the diamond crystal has reached the desired size.
Growth is continuous through several moultings.
Growth is continuous throughout life, slower in females but steady in males.
Growth is controlled by chemical substances, such as hormones and auxins.
Growth is controlled by growth cones.
Growth is controlled by pruning, which is done in either of two ways.
Growth is controlled by rainfall frequency and degree of protection from evaporation stress .
Growth is controlled by the hormones the body produces.
Growth is costly.
Growth is critical for improving quality and serving people.
Growth is critical.
Growth is currently underway.
Growth is defined as betraying campaign pledges in favor of political correctness.
Growth is definitely an issue.
Growth is dense and branching is irregular, generally in straight, flattish sprays.
Growth is dense and compact.
Growth is dense and symmetrical.
Growth is dense, broad and compact.
Growth is dense, flexible and soft in all parts and quite hardy to local winter conditions.
Growth is dependent on adding new facilities and updating the school's technology.
Growth is dependent on media and a lack of inhibition.
Growth is dependent on the availability of nutrients.
Growth is dependent on the use and accessibility of the program.
Growth is determined directly by measuring bands found the coral skeletons.
Growth is development.
Growth is difficult for the small church.
Growth is directed, orderly, and visually pleasing.
Growth is driven by demographics.
Growth is driven by the structural changes to the visitor facilities and theme parks.
Growth is driven by wireless and bundled service offerings, they say.
Growth is driven mainly by the tourism industry which performed well last year.
Growth is driven mostly by demographics.
Growth is due to the increase in size and multiplication of the cells.
Growth is during the colder parts of the year.
Growth is easier to evaluate if the session has agreed on the goals of a peacemaking ministry.
Growth is effected by the formation of fresh rows of cells at the margin.
Growth is either diffuse or at the meristem .
Growth is encoded into nature.
Growth is encouraged at all levels.
Growth is endless.
Growth is enhanced by low light levels that accompany cloudy or foggy periods.
Growth is enhanced during pregnancy, or in the presence of other local infections.
Growth is erect, bushy, and slightly spreading with awl-shaped thorns.
Growth is essential and the first priority.
Growth is evidence of a positive reaction.
Growth is evidence of life.
Growth is evident everywhere.
Growth is evident, as is the transition to the red varieties.
Growth is excellent and blooms are very attractive.
Growth is exciting and rewarding.
Growth is experienced always in relation to others.
Growth is explosive.
Growth is exponential, and quite rapid.
Growth is exponentially enhanced word of mouth marketing.
Growth is expressed as change in the number viable cells vs time.
Growth is extremely slow.
Growth is facilitated by a series of moults called ecdyses.
Growth is facilitated through human interaction.
Growth is fairly rapid in the south, but slower in more northerly latitudes.
Growth is fairly tall so provide some staking or caging.
Growth is fairly uniform and there are few production problems.
Growth is fast the first year but decreases as the fish becomes older.
Growth is fast, retirees are everywhere, and golf is king.
Growth is fast.
Growth is faster in the spring.
Growth is faster, as is decomposition.
Growth is faster.
Growth is fastest in warm water that is rich in food.
Growth is fastest parallel to the c-axis and slowest normal to it.
Growth is fastest relatively early in puberty, before menstrual periods begin.
Growth is flat on the surface, with scattered specks of conidiation.
Growth is forecasted to be in the telecommunications, semiconductor and software industries.
Growth is found in all life experiences.
Growth is from left to right.
Growth is from the left to right.
Growth is from the left to the right.
Growth is from within and a value centered environment nurtures it.
Growth is fueled by desire and innocence.
Growth is fueled by every-increasing regional and international competition.
Growth is general across the top of the head and becomes visible slowly.
Growth is generally incremental, based on processing demand.
Growth is generally unfavorably related to the genetic potential for heifer pregnancy.
Growth is good for business.
Growth is good for the economy.
Growth is good for the poor'.
Growth is good in Asia, particularly in China.
Growth is good on all but driest and shallowest of soils.
Growth is good on all but the driest shallow soils, but is best on deep, well- drained loamy soils.
Growth is good on most sizes.
Growth is good, but it does come with a price tag.
Growth is good, but unmitigated growth can have a negative fiscal impact on a community.
Growth is good, good, good.
Growth is good, if it's proper and if it's manageable.
Growth is good, it's feasible and can be done without damaging the environment.
Growth is good, recession is bad'.
Growth is good.
Growth is gradual and is accompanied by periodic molting.
Growth is granular.
Growth is great, but in the end profitability is what matters.
Growth is great.
Growth is grounded in struggle.
Growth is hard.
Growth is healthy and robust on a short, bushy, plant.
Growth is healthy and vigorous.
Growth is healthy, but orderly.
Growth is held back by lack of rain.
Growth is helped by a twice-yearly dressing of blood and bone or a general fertiliser.
Growth is here.
Growth is high, although it's come back of recent times through other external matters.
Growth is highly variable, depending upon the habitat.
Growth is highly variable, many things can derail it, and many things can accelerate it.
Growth is horizontal more than vertical.
Growth is hot.
Growth is illnesses.
Growth is implicit in every aspect of a writer s persona.
Growth is implicit in the very name of the group.
Growth is important but balanced growth is desired.
Growth is important but only if it is accomplished through careful planning.
Growth is important to all of, from the entertainment aspect to building of golf facilities.
Growth is important to generate the appropriate cytokine respone.
Growth is impressive across the board billions upon billions of dollars.
Growth is in double digits.
Growth is in rapid transportation systems and highway construction.
Growth is in the air.
Growth is in the Southern Hemisphere especially, notably in Africa.
Growth is In.
Growth is incremental, but compact.
Growth is indeterminate in higher plants.
Growth is indeterminate, but slows as the snake matures.
Growth is indeterminate.
Growth is individual progress, whereas proficiency is achieving some set of standards.
Growth is inevitable, even desirable.
Growth is inevitable, growth is necessary, but how growth is accommodated can be good or bad.
Growth is inevitable, just as our changes with transition are.
Growth is inevitable.
Growth is inherent in all parts of the organism.
Growth is inhibited by cortisol.
Growth is inhibited if contacted on all sides.
Growth is initially slow, but increase rapidly after the first year.
Growth is inseparable from our mission.
Growth is instantaneous.
Growth is intercalary and cell division occurs throughout the plant generally.
Growth is intercalary or apical, and plants are usually perennial.
Growth is jobs, people moving into the city.
Growth is just what it sounds like.
Growth is just what the president ordered.
Growth is key in Va. victories .
Growth is key, with every sector playing a role.
Growth is late starting in spring.
Growth is less robust when dryer.
Growth is life , and life is forever destined to make for light .
Growth is like a pendulum movement which can swing into higher or deeper planes.
Growth is like rain - a little is good, too much is disastrous.
Growth is like the air in a balloon.
Growth is likely similiar to that of other species in the genus Cercocebus .
Growth is likely to continue at a steady pace.
Growth is likely to occur in the central and western parts of the county.
Growth is limited by availability of enough consultants.
Growth is limited by ecological limits.
Growth is limited by the size of the fish habitat, the amount of available food, and other factors.
Growth is limited.
Growth is linked to being part of the body.
Growth is localized in the apices of the branches which spread out in contact with the rock.
Growth is located in fields.
Growth is lush and very vigorous once the rains begin.
Growth is mainly vertical with moderate branching.
Growth is manifestation.
Growth is maximized.
Growth is measured by comparing the total for the year previous to the current year.
Growth is measured by the relative increase in the organizations' revenues and number of employees.
Growth is measured in the demand for telephone numbers.
Growth is measured over the previous year's maximum revenues.
Growth is measured over the three year span.
Growth is measured using the least squares method.
Growth is medium on wetter sites and good on well-drained sites.
Growth is moderate, erect, and bushy.
Growth is monitored by using height and weight charts.
Growth is monitored radiometrically in broth media instead of counting colonies.
Growth is more important than DNA integrity.
Growth is more rapid in a well-fed animal or plant.
Growth is more rapid on the shaded side of the coleoptile than on the lighted side.
Growth is more rapid than when scallops are on bottom, and loss to predators is much reduced.
Growth is more social, proficiency is more academic.
Growth is most robust in the cool spring and fall months and flags in the hot summer.
Growth is much better even for the azaleas with light liming.
Growth is much slower in a natural setting, resulting in lower nutrient needs.
Growth is much slower in total shade.
Growth is naturally stiff and bushy but responds to garden treatment by growing much taller.
Growth is necessary for any real estate company to succeed.
Growth is necessary for survival.
Growth is necessary for trees and other living things.
Growth is needed to reach new levels in life and no growth can come without pain.
Growth is never easy.
Growth is never without pain.
Growth is normal, it is a sign of health.
Growth is normal, too.
Growth is normal.
Growth is now a better bargain than income, taxation-wise.
Growth is now a competitive race.
Growth is now explosive.
Growth is nurtured beyond the classroom.
Growth is objects.
Growth is observed, recorded in tables for mathematical analysis using graphs.
Growth is obviously a financial loser for local governments.
Growth is of the essence.
Growth is often different amongst different cell populations, which is then seen as relative growth.
Growth is often much slower.
Growth is often one-sided.
Growth is often slow.
Growth is often unseen.
Growth is on schedule.
Growth is on the rebound and consumption is creeping back up to precrisis levels.
Growth is one of the first things affected by water stress.
Growth is one of the most conspicuous events in any living organism.
Growth is one phase of development.
Growth is only concerned about how big or massive the organism is.
Growth is only growth when it breaks with the prescribed form.
Growth is only one aspect of the problem.
Growth is only possible as a product of history.
Growth is optional .
Growth is optional.
Growth is our biggest challenge.
Growth is our business.
Growth is our icon, our mantra, our grail.
Growth is our neglected ally .
Growth is our neglected ally.
Growth is our strongest motivator .
Growth is our top priority, growth in sales, in margins and in earnings.
Growth is over three times as great on sunny days as compared with overcast days.
Growth is overpopulation and competition is territory.
Growth is painfully slow until the plant becomes established, then becoming somewhat faster.
Growth is paramount.
Growth is part of life.
Growth is part of the personality of a healthy organization.
Growth is particularly noticeable and rapid during the beginnings of life.
Growth is partitioned into blade, sheath, stem and flower components.
Growth is performed in a novel type of vertical rotating disk reactor.
Growth is performed phototrophycaly in inorganic media at different temperatures and irradiances.
Growth is perhaps the North Mission District's most exciting attribute.
Growth is permanent.
Growth is planned, with updates being developed to meet changing needs and realities.
Growth is poor and foliage chlorotic on alkaline soil.
Growth is poor and winterkill likely in poorly drained wet soils.
Growth is poor on dry sands and where the summer water table is constantly high.
Growth is poor on gravel and dense clay, fair on sand and clay, and good on sandy to clayey loam.
Growth is poor on young vines as they look stressed due to hot, dry weather.
Growth is poor.
Growth is portrayed as a function of a balanced diet.
Growth is positive.
Growth is possible for all types of churches.
Growth is possible in all the sectors, except the electric power and wood- working sectors.
Growth is possible in small steps thus keeping costs related to actual useage.
Growth is possible only by raising the internal saving and improving the capital productivity.
Growth is possible within a broad pH range, though best on acidic soils.
Growth is powered mainly by strong business investment.
Growth is predicted for enrollments, i.e., headcount.
Growth is probably a big issue here.
Growth is profitable and steady.
Growth is progressive and tends to occur between adjacent levels.
Growth is progressive.
Growth is projected and workers are confident.
Growth is projected in all categories of membership.
Growth is projected in both wholesale and retail trade industries.
Growth is projected to continue for the planning period.
Growth is promoted by full sun and retarded by full shade, e.g., close to tree trunks.
Growth is promoted through inconvenience and discomfort.
Growth is promoted through proper environmental stimulus.
Growth is prompted by challenge.
Growth is provided as a basis for an organization's existence and mission.
Growth is rapid and body proportions change considerably.
Growth is rapid and light pruning after flowering helps to maintain bushy and long-lived specimens.
Growth is rapid and nymphs reach maturity within six to seven days following birth.
Growth is rapid and the babies are weaned at three to four weeks.
Growth is rapid and three to four weeks after hatching a juvenile rock beauty settles on the reef.
Growth is rapid at first but slows down with age.
Growth is rapid at first.
Growth is rapid following spring rains and melon production is prolific.
Growth is rapid in all.
Growth is rapid in the first three years, slow thereafter.
Growth is rapid in the system.
Growth is rapid on good soil with no apparent erosion.
Growth is rapid over the first year of life, and reproduction occurs from the second year onwards.
Growth is rapid prior to sexual maturity, and slow thereafter.
Growth is rapid under good conditions.
Growth is rapid up to two and a half inches per month.
Growth is rapid, and by six months of age the frogs are about two inches long.
Growth is rapid, in flushes.
Growth is rapid, often two or three feet the first season.
Growth is rapid.
Growth is rare in Canada.
Growth is really about the customer.
Growth is really more an issue of running connections rather than adding workstations.
Growth is reduced on low pH soils.
Growth is reduced.
Growth is related to great size.
Growth is renewed and the cycle begins anew in the spring.
Growth is reported as soon as detected.
Growth is required in small increments.
Growth is retarded by saline soil or water.
Growth is retarded.
Growth is rewarded.
Growth is robust, bushy and spreading.
Growth is robust, stems are long, and repeat bloom is excellent.
Growth is said to be slowing, at least in the near term.
Growth is same.
Growth is seen as fundamental to existence.
Growth is seen as good both for the individual member and good for the organization as a whole.
Growth is seen in all living things.
Growth is served because reduced costs enable more money to be made.
Growth is short, upright and bushy.
Growth is shown and shared.
Growth is shown by a white dot in the bottom of the well.
Growth is shown in the chart above.
Growth is similar to the spreading form but cane tips bend back towards the ground.
Growth is simply growth.
Growth is simply replication or more of the same, e.g., jobs, income, houses, businesses.
Growth is slender and wiry like the Chinas.
Growth is slow and weak in cold temperatures and wet soils.
Growth is slow at first and plants are tender.
Growth is slow at first but becomes moderate with age.
Growth is slow at first but picks up as the palm matures.
Growth is slow at first for everyone.
Growth is slow at first for two reasons.
Growth is slow at first.
Growth is slow but leaves tend to get brittle and stay narrower than normal.
Growth is slow despite a normal or large appetite.
Growth is slow due to minimal food availability in the desert.
Growth is slow during the colder winter season.
Growth is slow during winter but increases rapidly in warm spring weather.
Growth is slow if at all and there is quite a bit of water damage.
Growth is slow in nutrient poor conditions and recolonization is a long process.
Growth is slow since the caterpillars thaw out and eat only one month a year.
Growth is slow the first years, but increases toward the second and third season.
Growth is slow to moderate, and long-lived.
Growth is slow to normal.
Growth is slow, and it takes a few years for the crop to develop fully.
Growth is slow, and the whole tree dies.
Growth is slow, mainly due to the cold temperatures and low productivity of the lakes they inhabit.
Growth is slow.
Growth is slowed by the resistance of some landowners.
Growth is slower and yields are smaller.
Growth is slower at lower temperatures.
Growth is slower during the winter months, although maturity is reached any month in the year.
Growth is slower in deep shade.
Growth is slower in the lower light intensity inside the house.
Growth is slower in the rural areas to the south dominated by farms.
Growth is slower than most honeysuckles.
Growth is slowest when the weather is the hot or the cold.
Growth is slowing, import prices are falling, money supply is under control.
Growth is sluggish and productivity is rising slowly.
Growth is so dramatic that homes are likely to sell nearly as soon as they go on the market.
Growth is solely due to an increase in the size of individual cells.
Growth is solidly double-digit.
Growth is something that Oregon, like Washington, has plenty of experience with.
Growth is sometimes painful.
Growth is sometimes slow.
Growth is sometimes tough on neighborhoods.
Growth is sometimes uncomfortable and ackward.
Growth is sparse which enables animals to move freely about.
Growth is sparse.
Growth is split into different types and analysed accordingly.
Growth is steady and inflation is in check.
Growth is steady, the volume increases by a constant amount every day.
Growth is still central to solving unemployment.
Growth is still generally good and fears of a recession are exaggerated.
Growth is still good if it is orderly.
Growth is still No.
Growth is still robust, trade balances are mostly positive and inflation is largely under control.
Growth is still strongest in Europe, particularly in the important German market.
Growth is still the pattern of the human system.
Growth is still uncertain.
Growth is stimulated by androgens and inhibited by glucocorticoids.
Growth is stimulated by hydrocortisone and inhibited by cholera toxin.
Growth is stimulated by public policies that lower the budget deficit and the rate of inflation.
Growth is stimulated through interaction with others.
Growth is stopped, needed calcium and nutrients is transferred to the puppies.
Growth is strong and foliage is healthy blue green.
Growth is strong and habit is somewhat upright at the base.
Growth is strong and increase very rapid.
Growth is strong and people feel prosperous.
Growth is strong and the business area continues to capture market shares.
Growth is strong and upright, with the plant forming a slight arching form.
Growth is strong and vigorous.
Growth is strong, corporate earnings are up, inflation is down, job creation is robust.
Growth is strong.
Growth is stronger in older congregations than in newer congregations.
Growth is strongest at present in the area of graduate programs and certificates.
Growth is stunted and malnutrition results.
Growth is stunted and, in bad cases, new buds are poorly formed.
Growth is stunted, and fruit production is reduced.
Growth is stunted, and little or no fruit develops.
Growth is stunted.
Growth is suddenly a hot topic.
Growth is suicidal and high speed takes more resources than low speed.
Growth is superior and quality is higher.
Growth is supported by a combination of directly owned and franchised outlets.
Growth is supported by a large local market and a pervasive drive to export.
Growth is supported by the network.
Growth is suppressed by other microbiota.
Growth is surprisingly good considering the cool temperatures.
Growth is sustained by the development of new varieties of intermediate goods.
Growth is synonymous with learning and includes learning.
Growth is tall, and the foliage is dark green.
Growth is tantamount to our clients' success.
Growth is tax exempt.
Growth is tax-deferred inside the policy.
Growth is the aim and growth in itself is worthy.
Growth is the answer for America.
Growth is the atomic process of migration of an interface.
Growth is the balance.
Growth is the big trend.
Growth is the contributor to that outlook.
Growth is the critical part to any business.
Growth is the culmination for efforts put forth.
Growth is the defining issue.
Growth is the driving force behind the reduction of unemployment.
Growth is the enlargement of a tissue or organism .
Growth is the enlargement of a tissue or organism.
Growth is the essential term.
Growth is the expansion in size and complexity of moving energy.
Growth is the good news.
Growth is the gradual development of qualities and values.
Growth is the increase in size and mass of that organism.
Growth is the increasing accumulation of capital per head of the population.
Growth is the key to continued improvement in service quality and price control.
Growth is the key to prosperity for all sections of North Dakota's economy.
Growth is the key word in Christian life as against stagnancy.
Growth is the key, the only way out of the hole Japan has dug for itself.
Growth is the law of life.
Growth is the lifeblood of the demand for commodities.
Growth is the manifestation of life and is as pronounced as the sun in mid-day.
Growth is the most important aspect of making mistakes.
Growth is the most powerful weapon in the fight for higher living standards.
Growth is the name of our game.
Growth is the new and unwavering demographic constant.
Growth is the next generation's only hope for any progress.
Growth is the number one indicator of good health in childhood.
Growth is the only evidence of life.
Growth is the only goal of a malignant tumour.
Growth is the only way to pay for the graying of our population.
Growth is the passport to higher job creation.
Growth is the people's business.
Growth is the period of time from germination of the seedling to the development of a mature plant.
Growth is the pivotal mechanism of depletion, toxification and ultimate suicide.
Growth is the primary reason for realignment.
Growth is the principal problem insects face during the course of postembryonic development.
Growth is the problem.
Growth is the process by which a plant increases in the number and size of leaves and stems.
Growth is the process by which the size of a tissue gets bigger.
Growth is the process of becoming larger.
Growth is the process of responding positively to change.
Growth is the promise of the future, and the future is the digital economy.
Growth is the quintessence of time.
Growth is the result of effective ministry.
Growth is the result of serious training and a high quality diet.
Growth is the same way.
Growth is the second stage of a product life cycle.
Growth is the sign of a truly healthy group.
Growth is the unquestioned good for all of business, just particularly so for construction.
Growth is the world's only current answer to global mass poverty.
Growth is then rapid.
Growth is then sturdier, and the trees are more drought-resistant.
Growth is thought to occur by alternate cycles of cell wall expansion and accumulation of solutes.
Growth is thus rapid and episodic and only possible during moulting.
Growth is to be managed, directed, controlled.
Growth is to be measured by increases in registered Libertarian voters.
Growth is to extend horizontally what is.
Growth is to four feet in height and spread.
Growth is to four feet, with a spreading habit.
Growth is to increase in size.
Growth is to three feet or so, growing slightly wider than tall.
Growth is too rapid, unemployment too low, stocks too high.
Growth is tough to come by under deflation.
Growth is triggered by particular events in the environment .
Growth is triggered by particular events in the environment.
Growth is triggered by two solutions which slowly approach supersaturation as they diffuse.
Growth is triggered in both boys and girls by increased levels of the sex hormone testosterone.
Growth is typically slow.
Growth is unbelievable.
Growth is uncomfortably dependent on the U.S. appetite for imports.
Growth is undesirable ecologically, however.
Growth is uneven.
Growth is up, repression is down.
Growth is upright and dense, covered with medium green leaves.
Growth is upright and moderately vigorous, without much branching.
Growth is upright and rather stiff.
Growth is upright to five or six feet, and canes are clothed with glossy, dark green leaves.
Growth is upright to four to five feet or so.
Growth is upright to moderately spreading.
Growth is urgent also.
Growth is usually the result of making a choice to change rather than being forced to change.
Growth is variable and factors such as diet, overcrowding, and gender affect growth rates.
Growth is vegetation.
Growth is very aggressive forming dense populations which choke out wildlife habitat.
Growth is very energy consuming.
Growth is very fast once saltwater is reached.
Growth is very important to the speculator.
Growth is very rapid after absorption of the egg sacs.
Growth is very rapid with high daily nutrient demand from the soil.
Growth is very slow compared to other trees under adequate moisture conditions.
Growth is very slow.
Growth is very strong.
Growth is vigorous and bushy with an upright habit.
Growth is vigorous and the foliage is dark green and glossy.
Growth is vigorous but manageable.
Growth is vigorous on three to four foot plants.
Growth is vigorous, and foliage is dark green and semi-glossy.
Growth is vigorous, and the stems are very thorny.
Growth is vigorous.
Growth is visualized by a light microscope with moving stage, with images stored in a computer.
Growth is vital for business.
Growth is way down.
Growth is what it's all about.
Growth is what the Web is all about.
Growth is widespread across sectors.
Growth is wonderful even though it strains facilities.
Growth is wonderful, but the demand for readers has doubled.
Growth is yet to be used producxtively to build computers.
Growth is yin or expansive, while aging is the process in which things become yang or contracted.
Growth is, after all, what living, vital organisms do.
Growth isa process.
Growth knows how to separate the green from the brown.
Growth later slows and continues as oligarchic accretion.
Growth leads to death.
Growth leads to development.
Growth leads to effects.
Growth leads to improvement.
Growth leads to other possible effects.
Growth leads to possible effects.
Growth leads to problems.
Growth leads to value.
Growth lifts people's incomes and makes pharmaceuticals affordable.
Growth makes a lot of things possible but it also means a loss of collegiality.
Growth means change and change involves risk when stepping from the known to the unknown.
Growth means change and change involves risks, stepping from the known to the unknown.
Growth means change and change involves risks.
Growth means change, and some people have a low tolerance for change.
Growth means change, life means change.
Growth means change.
Growth means deepening of character while extending and expanding the horizons of one's concern.
Growth means ever-fresh newness.
Growth means expanding the products or services provided by the business.
Growth means growth of capital.
Growth means lengthening the capital structure by adding more and more complex stages to it.
Growth means more people, and sometimes, more people can mean more problems.
Growth means more regular miles and that, in turn, means more regular runs for our drivers.
Growth means opportunity for developers.
Growth means pounds, and pounds mean dollars.
Growth means progress and progress means more work and responsibility.
Growth means that the network has reached enough mass that businesses and marketers have taken note.
Growth means the physical increase of something.
Growth means the same as education.
Growth means to get wealthier.
Growth means vitality.
Growth moves at a faster rate.
Growth needs re-energized reforms.
Growth needs to be characterized by the composition of gain.
Growth needs to be confined to developed areas already served by public facilities and mass transit.
Growth needs to be established in Japan and reestablished in Europe.
Growth needs to be left in the hands of local government.
Growth needs to be managed.
Growth needs to be tied directly to water that is available.
Growth needs to happen where the town is.
Growth needs to have progression and order so that one piece can build on the next.
Growth occurs after rainfall.
Growth occurs along corridors.
Growth occurs as a result of changes and challenges.
Growth occurs as more units are started.
Growth occurs at levels.
Growth occurs at lower levels.
Growth occurs at optimal levels.
Growth occurs at the apex, and the plant is anchored in mud or silt by translucent rhizoids.
Growth occurs at the base of the meristem , where the blades and stipe meet.
Growth occurs at the upper and lower end of the long bones of the skeleton.
Growth occurs best on agars enriched with human or rabbit blood.
Growth occurs by apical elongation or extension from the tip of the hyphae.
Growth occurs by cell division.
Growth occurs by means of an intercalary meristem usually between the stipe and the blade.
Growth occurs by the formation of new cells and more extracellular matrix.
Growth occurs during adolescence.
Growth occurs during adolescence.
Growth occurs during and shortly after shedding.
Growth occurs during infancies.
Growth occurs during maturity.
Growth occurs during periods.
Growth occurs during prenatal periods.
Growth occurs during rainy seasons.
Growth occurs during rainy summer seasons.
Growth occurs during seasons.
Growth occurs during sexual maturity.
Growth occurs during springs.
Growth occurs during subsequent periods.
Growth occurs during summer seasons.
Growth occurs during summer.
Growth occurs during the nymph stage, with the animal molting several times.
Growth occurs during years.
Growth occurs for same period as in larger mice but at greatly reduced rate.
Growth occurs in a predictable and linear manner.
Growth occurs in a predictable pattern predetermined by an organism's genes.
Growth occurs in bones.
Growth occurs in environments.
Growth occurs in few years.
Growth occurs in last few years.
Growth occurs in last years.
Growth occurs in life.
Growth occurs in meristems.
Growth occurs in plants.
Growth occurs in regions.
Growth occurs in roots.
Growth occurs in several stages.
Growth occurs in springs.
Growth occurs in spurts and varies between siblings.
Growth occurs in spurts, with most of it taking place in the summer rainy season each year.
Growth occurs in stages.
Growth occurs in the unofficial web sties.
Growth occurs in tissue.
Growth occurs in uneven spurts with occasional reversals that can make it seem as if all is lost.
Growth occurs in unpredictable spurts.
Growth occurs in years.
Growth occurs mid-winter to spring.
Growth occurs near the tips.
Growth occurs on the two outer margins of the vein.
Growth occurs on tips of hyphae, and can occur rapidly.
Growth occurs on tops.
Growth occurs one or two years earlier in females than in males.
Growth occurs only along a single axis.
Growth occurs over years.
Growth occurs parallel to the suture.
Growth occurs per degree-day above developmental threshold of grapewine.
Growth occurs through a combination of cell division and cell expansion.
Growth occurs through cell division, yet the body remains one.
Growth occurs through inner self-guidance.
Growth occurs throughout the winter, the plants becoming mature in early summer.
Growth occurs throughout the year in South Carolina.
Growth occurs under conditions.
Growth occurs when people stretch themselves and their boundaries.
Growth occurs with lengthening of the stipe, and splitting of the blades.
Growth occurs within day periods.
Growth occurs within periods.
Growth oftentimes causes pain and it changed the course of American history forever.
Growth only flourishes where there are believers.
Growth oriented company needs career oriented person.
Growth oriented funds, small cap funds, and dividend funds are the most affected.
Growth originating at root and shoot tips is labeled primary growth.
Growth pays for itself.
Growth permits the development of a strong military or national defense system.
Growth permits the formation of social overhead capital or infrastructure.
Growth polarizes the lowest and the highest income recipients.
Growth presents challenges to our schools.
Growth presents opportunities, but also challenges.
Growth presents unique challenges in accommodating new demands for service and volume.
Growth proceeds from the extremities to the core.
Growth proceeds step by step.
Growth produces estrogen hormones.
Growth produces hormones.
Growth produces large mass.
Growth produces mass.
Growth progresses from the center of the body toward the periphery.
Growth provides information.
Growth provides needed tax revenues.
Growth provides opportunities.
Growth pushes the hypocotyl above ground.
Growth puts tremendous strain on an organization and needs to be managed carefully.
Growth raises other issues for organizational consideration as well.
Growth raises tax revenues and reduces the deficit which promotes stability.
Growth raises taxes.
Growth reaches plateaus.
Growth really threatens that feeling of family.
Growth reduces cost.
Growth refers to the stimulus for growth the setting gives the user . . .
Growth refers to the training and development of staff.
Growth reinforces urban amenities, but growth compromises rural amenities.
Growth related to diverse populations and groups or special stresses is also a focus.
Growth remains solid.
Growth remains strong and inflation modest.
Growth remains the best, indeed the only, hope for the world s poorest.
Growth remains unchallenged by our practice.
Growth remains very slow for several to many years.
Growth remains well in line with potential output.
Growth requires a certain investment.
Growth requires a substantial quantity of nutrients to support tissue maintenance and deposition.
Growth requires both nutrients and oxygen.
Growth requires careful attention and proceeds in fits and starts.
Growth requires change, curiosity, stretching one's mind and willingness to risk making mistakes.
Growth requires contributions.
Growth requires converting solutions into future opportunities.
Growth requires development.
Growth requires effort and often a bit of discomfort.
Growth requires extra amino acids and energy than levels needed for normal body maintenance.
Growth requires fertilization.
Growth requires food intake.
Growth requires food.
Growth requires for development.
Growth requires improvement.
Growth requires increased services.
Growth requires intake.
Growth requires investment in productive physical capital.
Growth requires management, and that management is rapidly becoming a full-time job.
Growth requires metabolism.
Growth requires nutrients.
Growth requires nutrition.
Growth requires proper nutrition.
Growth requires proper nutrition.
Growth requires proteins.
Growth requires public involvement.
Growth requires successfully adapting and personally growing.
Growth requires synthesis.
Growth requires the business to expand into new warehousing.
Growth requires two to four months, depending on availability of prey.
Growth requires two to three months, with older females dying in autumn after egg laying.
Growth resembles a broom.
Growth restores the original size.
Growth results from growth.
Growth results from productivity growth.
Growth results in development.
Growth results increases of mass.
Growth resumes again in the spring as temperatures increase.
Growth resumes early in spring and rhizome development increases.
Growth resumes in late winter.
Growth resumes in the spring with increases in temperature.
Growth resumes when the problems are relieved and the stress is gone.
Growth returns to normal when homeostasis is accomplished.
Growth rings one half inch in thickness are common in young giant sequoias under optimal conditions.
Growth runs the risk of taking place on only one side of the relationship.
Growth Seek high returns, yet have less volatility than aggressive growth.
Growth seems inevitable.
Growth seems to be controlled, seems to be.
Growth seems to be the solution.
Growth seems to make the systems increasingly harder to use.
Growth seems to slow or cease in response to the combination of low rainfall and cool temperatures.
Growth serves purposes.
Growth shows evidence.
Growth shows in the form of internode extensions, new leaf formations and overall fullness.
Growth shows itself in many ways.
Growth shows major phases.
Growth shows patterns.
Growth shows phases.
Growth shows production.
Growth slows after the juvenile stage, the decrease beginning much sooner on poor sites.
Growth slows and stops.
Growth slows as they age and molting becomes infrequent.
Growth slows as trees age and the single leader trunk branches into a spreading crown.
Growth slows because the demand has peaked.
Growth slows considerably after crayfish attain maturity.
Growth slows down and the plant gives a poor yield of fruit and seeds.
Growth slows down and unemployment and inflation rise.
Growth slows down or stops.
Growth slows down progressively as the juvenile lobster grows to adulthood.
Growth slows down.
Growth slows for most plants as the days shorten and grow colder.
Growth slows in winter.
Growth slows somewhat during the toddler years, but nutrition remains a top priority.
Growth slows with the arrival of cooler temperatures in late summer.
Growth slows, and the plant needs less fertilizer and water.
Growth slows, oxygen is used, and carbon dioxide is released.
Growth spreads our fixed operating costs over a larger base of customers.
Growth spurs profit.
Growth stands for form.
Growth starts and ends earlier in girls than in boys.
Growth starts early in spring and continues through the summer when moisture is available.
Growth starts early in spring and continues throughout the summer if moisture is sufficient.
Growth starts early in spring and remains green through summer if moisture is favorable.
Growth starts early in spring.
Growth starts early in the spring and continues through summer when moisture is available.
Growth starts early in the spring, producing much leafy forage relished by livestock.
Growth starts in late fall, winter, or early spring, depending on locality, species, and moisture.
Growth starts in the fall and continues through winter and spring in mild climates.
Growth starts later in the spring than quackgrass.
Growth starts slowly but soon occurs rapidly.
Growth starts with theories, granted.
Growth still beats value Over time, though, the numbers show that growth beats value.
Growth stimulates local economies and helps provide jobs.
Growth stops after puberty, but bone resorption and production continue, balancing each other out.
Growth stops during the winter and begins again in spring.
Growth stops in the winter and begins again in spring.
Growth stops, but enzymes continue to act, altering nutrient content along with texture and taste.
Growth strains companies in other ways too.
Growth strains resources, especially human resources.
Growth subsequently slows.
Growth sustains growth.
Growth takes cash, and lots of growth takes lots of cash.
Growth takes considerable time.
Growth takes dedication.
Growth takes investment.
Growth takes on a different form after crystallization.
Growth takes place at the ends of the branches and stems.
Growth takes place at the margins, and the margins are usually lobed.
Growth takes place evenly in all directions.
Growth takes place faster and farther along the railroad or highway.
Growth takes place from a central, subcentral, or posterior nucleus by increase at the periphery.
Growth takes place in many ways.
Growth takes place in the martix, the hidden part of the nail under the cuticle.
Growth takes place in the middle, by the successive division of the older rings.
Growth takes place quickly.
Growth takes place when collaborative problem solving begins to have a community-building effect.
Growth takes time and biblical ingredients.
Growth takes time, effort, and patience.
Growth takes time.
Growth takes time.
Growth takes weeks, but very few dishes become contaminated.
Growth tapers off and the population remains constant for a time.
Growth tend to be very slow during winter.
Growth tends to be less at higher latitudes.
Growth tends to make currencies unstable.
Growth tends to run in ten-year cycles.
Growth then becomes apical and marginal.
Growth then stops and the seeds dry off.
Growth though is rapid.
Growth threatens habitats.
Growth trades off with habitat specialization.
Growth transforms almost everything in a business.
Growth translates into a future.
Growth triggers an increase in technology spending to support the new hires.
Growth truly is green, and it's too bad California has to learn that lesson the hard way.
Growth uses energy.
Growth varies between spike and two leaf stage.
Growth varies from season to season and from variety to variety.
Growth works slowly.
Growths can be benign tissue, such as a scar or a wart, or can be cancers.
Growth always brings about challenges to the internal organization of companies.
Growth always brings confusion.
Growth always comes at a cost.
Growth always helps deal with dependence.
Growth always indicates change and adjustment.
Growth always involves some discomfort, some risk, some uncertainty.
Growth always involves some kind of change.
Growth always puts a new face on companies.
Growth always requires change, expansion, and motion.
Growth often follows when someone takes a risk and declares to the world a grand, proud vision.
Growth often is far more valuable than managers think.
Growth often is greeted as a sign of vitality and prosperity.
Growth often is in the west and school districts have to meet the demands.
Growth often occurs in spurts.
Growth often occurs when that happens.
Growth often requires wider supply pipelines.
Growth often varies according to the type and severity of heart disease.
Growth sometimes occurs on less than perfect locations and in areas that are prone to flooding.
Growth sometimes requires more then just confirming for refuting a stance.
Growth usually begins on shoreline mud and the plants gradually creep into open water.
Growth usually catches up once medication is stopped.
Growth usually ceases with puberty.
Growth usually involves growing pains, and that's what they're experiencing now.
Growth usually is what is needed and probably time.
All growth affects the environment.
All growth depends on activity.
All growth depends upon activity.
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benfit of experience.
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous, unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.
All growth is ambivalent.
All growth is as an adult, a cephalium.
All growth is customer-focused and never at the expense of flexibility or responsiveness.
All growth is funded from profits.
All growth is good.
All growth is horizontal.
All growth is in some way painful.
All growth is the result of risk taking.
All growth is the result of risk-taking, all success is the result of failure.
All growth leads to larger numbers of luxury seekers.
All growth means change and change involves risk.
All growth requires a loss.
All growth spreads outward from a fertile and potent nucleus.
All growth takes place from there.
Any growth has to be sustained and controlled.
Any growth is considered resistant.
Any growth is good growth.
Any growth is hard to finance strictly from retained earnings.
Any growth is tax-free.
More growth helps too.
More growth is anticipated as major airlines expand regional jet operations.
More growth is anticipated for the durable goods component of wholesale trade than the nondurable.
More growth is headed for suburbia, diocese officials report.
More growth is in our plan.
More growth is needed to find a decisive breakthrough against poverty.
More growth lies ahead.
More Growth Means More Schools.
Most growth affects bear habitats.
Most growth affects habitats.
Most growth attracts attention.
Most growth attracts much attention.
Most growth attracts notice.
Most growth begins in early springs.
Most growth begins in springs.
Most growth brings results.
Most growth causes expansion.
Most growth comes from employment.
Most growth comes from stems.
Most growth continues for many more years.
Most growth continues for many years.
Most growth continues for years.
Most growth creates imbalances.
Most growth creates opportunity.
Most growth creates problems.
Most growth creates profit opportunity.
Most growth creates serious problems.
Most growth creates weed problems.
Most growth depends on climatic conditions.
Most growth depends on concentration.
Most growth depends on conditions.
Most growth depends on consumption.
Most growth depends on dietary concentration.
Most growth depends on environmental conditions.
Most growth depends on factors.
Most growth depends on genetics.
Most growth depends on growth factors.
Most growth depends on knowledge.
Most growth depends on mitosis.
Most growth depends on nutrients.
Most growth depends on pleasant temperature.
Most growth depends on rainfall.
Most growth depends on several factors.
Most growth depends on size.
Most growth depends on soil conditions.
Most growth depends on states.
Most growth depends on temperature.
Most growth depends on water.
Most growth depends on weather.
Most growth depends upon light.
Most growth depends upon nutrition.
Most growth determines weight.
Most growth drives development.
Most growth drives employment.
Most growth drives expansion opportunity.
Most growth drives opportunity.
Most growth equals growth.
Most growth follows general patterns.
Most growth follows patterns.
Most growth follows same general patterns.
Most growth follows same patterns.
Most growth has biological consequences.
Most growth has capacity.
Most growth has characteristics.
Most growth has consequences.
Most growth has effects.
Most growth has general characteristics.
Most growth has impact.
Most growth has phases.
Most growth has positive effects.
Most growth has potential.
Most growth has profound effects.
Most growth has profound impact.
Most growth has similarity.
Most growth has social consequences.
Most growth has superficial similarity.
Most growth improves appearances.
Most growth improves general health.
Most growth improves health.
Most growth includes phases.
Most growth increases ability.
Most growth increases business productivity.
Most growth increases chances.
Most growth increases consumption.
Most growth increases harvest.
Most growth increases importance.
Most growth increases production.
Most growth increases productivity.
Most growth increases sales.
Most growth increases survival.
Most growth increases total consumption.
Most growth is caused by maturation.
Most growth is concentrated in the Atlantic lowlands.
Most growth is concentrated in the eastern part of the county.
Most growth is projected to be in the employment services industry.
Most growth leads to death.
Most growth leads to development.
Most growth leads to effects.
Most growth leads to improvement.
Most growth leads to other possible effects.
Most growth leads to possible effects.
Most growth leads to problems.
Most growth occurs after rainfall.
Most growth occurs at levels.
Most growth occurs at lower levels.
Most growth occurs at optimal levels.
Most growth occurs at the terminal bud.
Most growth occurs during adolescence.
Most growth occurs during infancies.
Most growth occurs during maturity.
Most growth occurs during periods.
Most growth occurs during prenatal periods.
Most growth occurs during rainy seasons.
Most growth occurs during rainy summer seasons.
Most growth occurs during seasons.
Most growth occurs during sexual maturity.
Most growth occurs during springs.
Most growth occurs during subsequent periods.
Most growth occurs during summer seasons.
Most growth occurs during summer.
Most growth occurs during the spring and summer months.
Most growth occurs during years.
Most growth occurs in bones.
Most growth occurs in environments.
Most growth occurs in few years.
Most growth occurs in last few years.
Most growth occurs in last years.
Most growth occurs in plants.
Most growth occurs in regions.
Most growth occurs in roots.
Most growth occurs in several stages.
Most growth occurs in springs.
Most growth occurs in stages.
Most growth occurs in tissue.
Most growth occurs in years.
Most growth occurs on tops.
Most growth occurs over years.
Most growth occurs under conditions.
Most growth occurs within day periods.
Most growth occurs within periods.
Most growth produces estrogen hormones.
Most growth produces hormones.
Most growth produces large mass.
Most growth produces mass.
Most growth provides information.
Most growth reaches plateaus.
Most growth requires contributions.
Most growth requires development.
Most growth requires fertilization.
Most growth requires food intake.
Most growth requires for development.
Most growth requires improvement.
Most growth requires intake.
Most growth requires metabolism.
Most growth requires nutrients.
Most growth requires nutrition.
Most growth requires proper nutrition.
Most growth requires proteins.
Most growth requires synthesis.
Most growth serves purposes.
Most growth shows evidence.
Most growth shows major phases.
Most growth shows patterns.
Most growth shows phases.
Most growth shows production.
Most growth sustains growth.
Most growth takes considerable time.
Most growth takes time.
Most growth threatens habitats.
Most growth uses energy.
Much growth occurs during regular visits in which children learn speech and listening skills.
Much growth rests on what pops up from inside.
Much growth takes place as a result of learning and imitating the behavior of others.
Some growth accelerates germination.
Some growth affects biodiversity.
Some growth affects markets.
Some growth affects piranhas.
Some growth approaches limits.
Some growth attracts aphids.
Some growth becomes problems.
Some growth becomes regeneration.
Some growth becomes tissue regeneration.
Some growth causes growth.
Some growth causes health problems.
Some growth causes inductions.
Some growth causes infection.
Some growth causes inflammation.
Some growth causes problems.
Some growth causes resistance.
Some growth causes respiratory infection.
Some growth causes serious health problems.
Some growth causes serious problems.
Some growth comes from continue emphasis.
Some growth comes from emphasis.
Some growth comes from experience.
Some growth comes from plants.
Some growth comes from wind.
Some growth comes only through suffering.
Some growth contains nitrogen.
Some growth contributes to lack.
Some growth creates pressure.
Some growth creates shades.
Some growth creeps on the ground and some sends long branches up.
Some growth depends on availability.
Some growth depends on density.
Some growth depends on functions.
Some growth depends on intensity.
Some growth depends on light.
Some growth depends on nutrient availability.
Some growth depends on population density.
Some growth depends on productivity.
Some growth depends upon quality.
Some growth destroys sources.
Some growth equals consumption.
Some growth exceeds growth.
Some growth follows rain.
Some growth follows recent rain.
Some growth has applications.
Some growth has beans.
Some growth has evidence.
Some growth has have impact.
Some growth has obvious upside.
Some growth has protection.
Some growth has trouble.
Some growth has upside.
Some growth impedes development.
Some growth impedes economic development.
Some growth impedes sustainable development.
Some growth impedes sustainable economic development.
Some growth improves markets.
Some growth includes germination.
Some growth includes reproduction.
Some growth includes seed germination.
Some growth indicates air pollution.
Some growth indicates pollution.
Some growth involves interaction.
Some growth is also due to more aggressive marketing to students.
Some growth is caused by fungi.
Some growth is caused by pathogenic fungi.
Some growth is caused by pathogenic plant fungi.
Some growth is easy and rather painless, some comes only after much trial and tears.
Some growth is produced by removals.
Some growth is underway in all three regions.
Some growth kills plants.
Some growth kills seedlings.
Some growth lasts for years.
Some growth leads to consumption.
Some growth leads to crops.
Some growth leads to degradations.
Some growth leads to depletion.
Some growth leads to destruction.
Some growth leads to legume crops.
Some growth leads to tumors.
Some growth limits economic opportunity.
Some growth limits opportunity.
Some growth occurs at temperature.
Some growth occurs at tips.
Some growth occurs at weeks.
Some growth occurs during winter.
Some growth occurs in adults.
Some growth occurs in cases.
Some growth occurs in chinas.
Some growth occurs in deserts.
Some growth occurs in light.
Some growth occurs in men.
Some growth occurs in meristems.
Some growth occurs in organs.
Some growth occurs in ponds.
Some growth occurs in small ponds.
Some growth occurs in snow.
Some growth occurs in summer.
Some growth occurs in uteruses.
Some growth occurs in women.
Some growth occurs normally in loaded joints in elderly people.
Some growth occurs on leave sides.
Some growth occurs on sides.
Some growth occurs within months.
Some growth occurs within weeks.
Some growth precedes emergence.
Some growth precedes growth.
Some growth prevents erosion.
Some growth prevents soil erosion.
Some growth produces buds.
Some growth produces flowers.
Some growth produces hard wood.
Some growth produces summer flowers.
Some growth produces wood.
Some growth promotes effects.
Some growth promotes resistance.
Some growth provides jobs.
Some growth provides many new jobs.
Some growth provides new jobs.
Some growth reduces light.
Some growth reduces markets.
Some growth reduces photosynthesis.
Some growth reflects status.
Some growth requires constraints.
Some growth requires decisions.
Some growth requires difficult decisions.
Some growth requires drainage.
Some growth requires functions.
Some growth requires mitosis.
Some growth requires moisture.
Some growth requires rapid mitosis.
Some growth requires soil drainage.
Some growth requires structural constraints.
Some growth shows expression.
Some growth shows gene expression.
Some growth takes places.
Some growths are quicker than others, but in all there is growth.
Some growths require surgical removal.
A groyne is a barrier
Groynes prevent longshore drift from the west .
Grub damage can vary from year to year.
Grub damage is most severe during droughts.
Most grub damage comes the year following heavy beetle flights.
A grub is a fare
Grub isa food.
Grub isa nutrient.
Grubs are beetles.
Grubs are common in composting material.
Grubs are common in old pastures or where grass is kept short through mowing.
Grubs are easy to identify but often go unnoticed because they live underground.
Grubs are full-grown in the spring.
Grubs are high in fat and nutrition.
Grubs are larvae.
Grubs are larvas.
Grubs are most active in the summer months.
Grubs are off-white with a dark line along their back and a small, light brown head.
Grubs are plump and red, with black spots and a black head.
Grubs are soft, worm-like lava of beetles.
Grubs are up near the soil surface now.
Grubs are very small and tough to detect.
Grubs begin to move downward during the first freezing air temperatures in the fall for hibernation.
Grubs eat the roots of the grass, causing the grass to die.
Grubs feed by separating grass blades.
Grubs feed during the summer and move deep in the soil to overwinter.
Grubs feed on grass roots and damage lawns, golf courses and pastures.
Grubs feed on grass roots and other crops.
Grubs feed on grass roots leaving brown patches of lawn.
Grubs feed on grass roots until the grass dries out and dies.
Grubs feed on grass roots, adults feed on a variety of plants.
Grubs feed on grass roots.
Grubs feed underground on the roots of grasses and a wide range of other hosts.
Grubs frequent the best looking lawns, which tend to be more suitable for egg laying.
Grubs have dark brown heads.
Grubs have heads.
Grubs move from seed to seed within the pod, where they are protected from insecticides.
Grubs return to the root zone and feed throughout the following summer.
Grubs soon hatch and feed on roots of plants until cold weather approaches.
Grubs spend all of the next summer feeding on the roots of plants.
Grubs spend the entire larval life in the soil.
Grubs survive in soil and damage turf by feeding on the turfgrass roots.
All grubs are fed royal jelly at first, but only the future queens are continued on the diet.
Many grubs are stung, but only a few eggs are laid.
Most grubs do become adults.
Most grubs have dark brown heads.
Most grubs have heads.
Some grubs affect animals.
Some grubs affect cattle.
Some grubs affect domestic cattle.
Some grubs affect other animals.
Some grubs are eaten by pigs.
Some grubs cause damage.
Some grubs cause serious damage.
Some grubs eat dungs.
Some grubs eat insects.
Some grubs have large mandibles.
Some grubs have legs.
Some grubs have mandibles.
Some grubs have spines.
Some grubs produce reaction.
Some grubs simply burrow deeper into the soil to escape the cold.
A grubstake is interest
Grubstake is also one of Colorado's best-known folk trios.
A grudge is bitterness
Grudges are films.
Grudges are like little nails that cause the foundations of a good marriage to rust.
Grudges are resentment.
Grudges block the positive.
Grudges build up with the bruises.
Grudges can last a lifetime.
Grudges drain creativity and diminish productivity.
Grudges generate guilt.
Grudges grow so easily in our hearts.
Some grudges are more recent.
Some grudges are the result of physical and psychological abuse.
Gruel is a dish
Gruel is a thickened cereal broth.
Gruel is a thin, watery porridge that is the main food staple of the lower class.
Gruel is food.
Gruel is microwaveable and comes in five different flavors.
Gruel is similar to porridge but is much more like a drink .
Gruel is similar to porridge but is much more like a drink.
Gruel is soup.
Gruesome ads help firms to grab the eyes of readers Advertisers are pushing the threshold for pain.
Gruesome images flood our TV screens every night.
Gruesome murders add their bit as well, with plenty of bad language.
Gruesome pics follow .
A grump is a person
Grumps are also fun to annoy.
Grumps are often irascible, curmudgeonly and much-loved.
Every grump needs that once in a while.
Grumpy boss equals low morale, equals high staff turnover.
Grumpy people like to . after eating .
Grundtvig contact seminars In Ireland and Portugal.
Grunge look makes it tough to tell living from the undead.
Grunge look makes it tough to tell living from undead.
Grunge look makes it tough to tell the living from the dead.
A grunt is noise
Grunt isa noise.
Grunts are first and foremost on The Wall.
Grunts are made by adults and young and before running, they often make a nasal hiss as an alarm.
Grunts are no longer savage and bloodthirsty warriors.
Grunts are noise.
Grunts are yet another way the Pilgrims and first settlers found to use cranberries.
Grunts arrive hours before a race to set up the finish area, including the chutes and barricades.
Grunts dove for cover, grabbing weapons as they sought the protection of the now-darkened flick.
Grunts fill the air.
Grunts have an over all calming affect, but like any calling can simply be ignored.
Grunts keep the herd together while feeding.
Grunts move softly through the jungle and the treelines, weapons at the ready.
Some grunts come straight out of boot camp and take to shootin like ducks to water.
Gruyere cheese gives the dish a rich, sweet and nutty flavor.
GSs range greatly in capabilities and price.
Most GSs support a variety of video signals.
GSEP faculty lead the field in the use of online technology.
GSPM students begin focusing on their career plans as soon as they enter the school.
GST fee applies.
GST information is present only in shareable image files.
GST value is editable to cater for future changes.
GTA allocation is another area for consideration.
GTA appointments are for nine months only.
GTA awards are competitive.
GTA staff is available to provide a wide array of services to assist the employer.
Guacamole dip is more colorful topped with diced, fresh tomatoes.
Guaiacyl lignin is tougher stuff.
Guam corals are some of the loveliest of all.
Guam corporations are subject to income tax on their income from all sources.
Guam law is silent on that issue.
Guam mosquitoes tend to be small, fast, quiet and low-flying.
Guamanian cooking is very similar to Spanish cuisine.
Guanabenz acetate is used in the treatment of high blood pressure.
Guanaco isa llama.
Guanacos have (part) brains.
Guanacos have (part) breasts.
Guanacos have (part) cannon bones.
Guanacos have (part) cell membranes.
Guanacos have (part) cells.
Guanacos have (part) chest cavities.
Guanacos have (part) chests.
Guanacos have (part) corpi.
Guanacos have (part) cytoplasm.
Guanacos have (part) ears.
Guanacos have (part) faces.
Guanacos have (part) heads.
Guanacos have (part) hip sockets.
Guanacos have (part) hoofs.
Guanacos have (part) nuclei.
Guanacos have (part) piluses.
Guanacos have (part) plasma membranes.
Guanacos have (part) rib cages.
Guanacos have (part) sections.
Guanacos have (part) skulls.
Guanacos have (part) sterna.
Guanacos have (part) vacuoles.
Guanacos have heads.
Guanacos have hearts.
Guanacos inhabit environments.
Guanacos inhabit tundra environments.
All guanacos have a thick, wooly coat that can be light brown, brownish yellow, or a rusty red.
Most guanacos have heads.
Most guanacos have hearts.
Most guanacos live in herds.
Some guanacos adapt to regions.
Some guanacos become llamas.
Some guanacos develop skin.
Some guanacos eat grass.
Some guanacos have coats.
Some guanacos have components.
Some guanacos have distribution.
Some guanacos have potential.
Some guanacos live in groups.
Some guanacos reach maturity.
Some guanacos reach sexual maturity.
Guangdong isa thing.
Guanine isa alkali.
A guano is an excretory product
A guano is an organic fertiliser
Guano splatters the rocks of the island like white paint.
Many guano producing sea birds desert their nests, migrate, or die.
Guanosine induces necrosis of cultured bovine aortic endothelial cells.
Guanosine is a nucleoside
Guar gum can cause diarrhea, vomiting, bloating, and intestinal blockages.
Guar gum is chemical compounds.
Guar gum is gum
Guar gum is gum.
Guar gum is more soluble than locust bean gum , as it has more galactose branch points.
Guar gum shows close groups of round to pear formed cells, their contents being yellow to brown.
Guar gum shows viscosity synergy with xanthan gum .
A guar is a legume
Guar binds the cholesterol in the gut, so that rather than being absorbed, it appears in the stool.
Guar grows well under a wide range of soil conditions.
Guar responds to irrigation during dry periods.
Guar tolerates high temperatures and dry conditions and is adapted to arid and semi-arid climates.
Guarani culture is important.
Guarani lace is produced by hand.
A guarantee is assurance
Guarantee applies once per position and is guranteed for one week only.
Guarantee applies to seller s primary residence only.
Guarantee applies to setup fee and first month service fee only.
Guarantee begins on date of shipment.
Guarantee benefits to current retirees.
Guarantee excludes hail damage or impact from similar foreign objects.
Guarantee patients access to their medical records and protect their confidentiality.
Guarantee pay equity for women.
Guarantees allow a bank to rely on cash flow rather than collateral.
Guarantees are a benefit, but they are no substitute for properly rearing and caring for the dog.
Guarantees are a major part of any business and for a good reason.
Guarantees are a way to once again secure that honest reputation.
Guarantees are assurance.
Guarantees are backed by the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.
Guarantees are between the buyer and seller only.
Guarantees are collateral.
Guarantees are essential for the development and verification of dependable real-time systems.
Guarantees are impossible in the competitive zone.
Guarantees are located in drawers.
Guarantees are mandatory to represent top customer care by an online professional.
Guarantees are mandatory to represent top customer care.
Guarantees are money-back if defective.
Guarantees are opinions that are somehow backed up.
Guarantees are provided by the suppliers, delivery is to the door and installation is optional.
Guarantees are strongest with whole life policies, but premiums are highest.
Guarantees are subject to the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance company.
Guarantees are subject to the claims-paying ability of the insurer.
Guarantees are subject to the same supervision criteria and standards as investment loans.
Guarantees are then available for loans for up to the same amount as the grant.
Guarantees are valid only when payment terms have been met.
Guarantees can be regional or local, issued in foreign exchange or local currency.
Guarantees can happen many months prior to disbursement of the funds.
Guarantees can help.
Guarantees covering only political risks are also available.
Guarantees differ on various items.
Guarantees Find out what kind of a guarantee they provide.
Guarantees given by some contractors are vague and confusing.
Guarantees issued for export transactions guarantee both commercial and political risk.
Guarantees make a tremendous difference.
Guarantees mean that they are contractually obligated to the show for that many episodes per week.
Guarantees offer considerable potential for addressing the urban challenge.
Guarantees override the shareholder protection normally afforded by a corporation.
Guarantees refer to potential.
Guarantees transfer for all general education courses.
Guarantees vary due to the limitations of the various browsers.
Guarantees vary from store to store.
Guarantees vary in certain states.
Guarantees always cost something.
All guarantees are between buyer and seller .
All guarantees are between buyer and seller.
All guarantees are for both windows and vinyl siding.
All guarantees are full and unconditional.
All guarantees are joint and several.
All guarantees are now in place to make the euro one of the strongest currencies in the world.
All guarantees are now in place to make the Euro one of the strongest currencies in the world.
All guarantees are off.
All guarantees are subject to lender and state regulations.
Any guarantee is only as good as the company that backs it.
Some guarantees are full of loopholes through which the guarantee can be evaded.
Some guarantees are nice but most are fluff with many exclusions.
Some guarantees extend for longer periods and more defects.
Guaranteed markets are more important to the farmers than high prices.
Any guaranteed savings Make sure the company is a participating gas supplier .
Guaranteed security is essential to establish the climate of trust that has to prevail.
Guaranteed service can have clear benefits even when partially deployed.
Guaranteed shipment is available, Please call for details.
A guarantor is a sponsor
Guarantor agrees to guarantee payment of instalments on the due date.
Guarantor is a state.
Guarantor provides guarantee.
Guarantor refers to a person who has financial responsibility for the payment of a patient account.
Guarantors are patrons.
Guarantors use their share of default collections to cover their collection costs.
Many guarantors are unsophisticated and vulnerable.
Some guaranty agencies charge a lower fee or no fee.
Guaranty associations pay policyholders' claims when licensed insurance companies fail.
Guaranty commitment is obtained prior to requesting bank financing.
A guaranty is collateral
Guaranty advocates the protection of childrens' identities and privacy online.
Any guaranty written on the instrument is enforceable notwithstanding any statute of frauds.
Guard cells absorb water and become turgid.
Guard cells allow gas exchange between the surrounding air and the internal photosynthetic cells.
Guard cells are able to open and close the stomates to save water .
Guard cells are able to open and close the stomates to save water.
Guard cells are activated by sunlight .
Guard cells are activated by sunlight.
Guard cells are bean-shaped cells covering the stomata opening.
Guard cells are cells surrounding each stoma.
Guard cells are kidney-shaped cells that are filled with chloroplasts.
Guard cells are the only epidermal cells to contain chloroplasts.
Guard cells become flaccid .
Guard cells become fully turgid , and because of their specialised structure, they 'bend' apart .
Guard cells can change shape to open or close the stoma.
Guard cells change the shape of the opening by changing their own shape.
Guard cells contain chloroplasts and so are able to conduct photosynthesis.
Guard cells control the size of the opening of the stoma.
Guard cells differ from the translucent epidermal cells in that they contain chloroplasts .
Guard cells patrol the body all the time.
Guard cells regulate the opening by changing water pressure within the cell to swell or shrink.
Guard cells surround a stoma and control the stoma opening and closing.
A guard dog is a dog
Guard dogs are an effective method to reduce predation on livestock.
Guard dogs are trained to kill and maim.
Guard dogs become ill the same as any livestock.
Guard dogs protect people, places and animals.
Guard dogs serve as sentries at military bases around the world.
Guard hair gives the color and the shape of the animal.
Guard hair is hair
Guard hair is hair.
Guard hair is part of fur.
Guard hair is part of undercoats.
Guard hair is the longer, coarse, harsh hair that sheds water and protects the fur fiber.
Guard hairs are erectile for heat regulation.
Guard hairs are hollow and underlain by finer, shorter underfur.
Guard hairs are hollow like straws.
Guard hairs are silver tipped thus giving the coat a lustrous appearance.
Guard hairs are stiff and straight.
Guard hairs are the continuously growing dark hairs that create the long, shaggy coat.
Guard hairs protect the fur, while the fur insulates the mammal.
Most guard hair is part of undercoats.
Guard llamas protect livestock such as sheep, alpacas, mini horses, etc.
Guard positions have requirements.
Most guard positions have requirements.
Guard rails are few.
Guard rails are plastic.
Guard rails protect nesting young, door stops keep predators out.
Guard towers are visible in the distance.
Guard towers mark the perimeter of the base with serious looking sentries manning machine guns.
Guard units offer a variety of specialized skills training from word processing to flight training.
A guard is a guardian
Guard breaks through the line to stop the left linebacker.
Guard cells the opening and closing of the stomata which is usually a frequent movement.
Guard covers front and sides of shin and is held in place by two hook and loop closure straps.
Guard holds up finger, goes into guard shack, makes call.
Guard is stainless steel as are the handle bolts and thong hole liner.
Guard is zealously.
Guard isa defender.
Guard isa guardian.
Guard lifts out of the way for quick, easy blade changes.
Guard passes by.
Guard posts every couple of hundred feet made sure people stayed the right side.
Guard prevents debris from jamming float in the on and off position.
Guard rails between the running rails.
Guard refuses anthrax vaccine Five members of a unit face discharge.
Guard remains completely transparent until it detects a virus.
Guard shows airmen another view.
Guard suspends live firing Designed to quicken water and soil studies.
Guard thou our lips from sin, our hearts from shame.
Guard walks over to the Arrow of Light and blows out the seven rays candles.
Guards adhere to an established set of pool rules.
Guards aim their guns at a man.
Guards also behave differently when in various levels of alertness.
Guards also can use radio signals to make sure that the inmates are where they're supposed to be.
Guards also check the trunks of cars when shoppers arrive at parking lots.
Guards also have a clear view of all hall.
Guards also perform station duties.
Guards appear on both sides of the picture.
Guards are a very special kind of people.
Guards are a VERY special kind of people.
Guards are abusive and frequently violent.
Guards are available for victims when they go to work or for children when they go to school.
Guards are basketball players.
Guards are brass or nickel silver.
Guards are chrome plated.
Guards are defenders.
Guards are detachments.
Guards are devices.
Guards are easy to install and available free of charge, at many hardware stores.
Guards are essentially predicates.
Guards are everywhere as are metal detectors.
Guards are from the state of Gujarat.
Guards are girls in fifth and sixth grade.
Guards are guards.
Guards are linemans.
Guards are located in jails.
Guards are military units.
Guards are normally uniformed, and equipped.
Guards are now much smarter and active in all modes now.
Guards are offensive linemans.
Guards are on duty at all times when the students are present.
Guards are on their way.
Guards are parasites who do almost no work and nothing constructive.
Guards are part of hilts.
Guards are part of the aggressive style of curling.
Guards are popular in high-resistance measurements made with a megohmmeter.
Guards are positions.
Guards are radial wire fastened together by sheet metal screws.
Guards are spiral wire and epoxy powder coated.
Guards are there to prevent injuries.
Guards are to maintain a professional attitude with fellow guards while on duty.
Guards are too timid.
Guards are, in fact, both loved and hated by inmates.
Guards can be a tremendous asset to a bank's protective program.
Guards can expect to eat on the job, rather than to take regular breaks.
Guards can move up to site and field supervisory positions and managerial positions.
Guards can wield weapons on company grounds.
Guards check everyone's backpacks , but only find textbooks, pens, pencils and mobile phones.
Guards check the credentials of persons entering or leaving a building.
Guards check the trunks of every car and take down plate numbers.
Guards come and the two white boys on horseback are taken for gods.
Guards come around and check names and numbers.
Guards come in every couple of seconds.
Guards come in various sizes.
Guards conduct a normal visual inspection of bags when individuals exit the complex.
Guards create problems.
Guards decide what services to perform on a users behalf.
Guards define the context in which signatures are matched.
Guards do good jobs.
Guards do jobs.
Guards do random pat-down checks and keep an armed watch from a tower overlooking the yard.
Guards do their rounds up and down the tiers, looking into the cells, unannounced.
Guards do utterly nothing.
Guards enforce rules.
Guards fear riots, and are always on the lookout for potential instigators.
Guards fit around calf and shin with minimal shifting.
Guards generally earn slightly more in urban areas.
Guards give protection.
Guards give strength to the fan when in use and protect the leaves when folded.
Guards go around checking tickets at random times, and the fee for riding without a ticket is steep.
Guards greet the visitors at the entrance and say farewell as the day ends.
Guards have (part) arms.
Guards have (part) body substances.
Guards have (part) cell membranes.
Guards have (part) cells.
Guards have (part) corpi.
Guards have (part) cytoplasm.
Guards have (part) heads.
Guards have (part) human bodies.
Guards have (part) legs.
Guards have (part) material bodies.
Guards have (part) necks.
Guards have (part) nuclei.
Guards have (part) personality.
Guards have (part) plasma membranes.
Guards have (part) sections.
Guards have (part) vacuoles.
Guards have a clear view of all cars and pedestrians entering and exiting.
Guards have a clear view of everything.
Guards have a full height door and actually step out onto the platform at longer station stops.
Guards have a white rust resistant coating for extra protection.
Guards have lemon smell.
Guards have many times been the instigators in such attacks, setting up the inmate for rape.
Guards have orders to kill on site anyone without proper authorization.
Guards have pleasant smell.
Guards have power and are in authority.
Guards have smell.
Guards here carry automatic weapons.
Guards impose undue restrictions on political prisoners visits with family members.
Guards impose undue restrictions on political prisoners' visits with family members.
Guards inspect passing vehicles, looking for smuggled wood or animals.
Guards keep an eye on the inside, while cops patrol the outside.
Guards know what every inmate is doing at any time and place.
Guards learn jobs.
Guards live on site in dormitories.
Guards make hourly checks at the building.
Guards monitor the facility and the access area.
Guards move as rooks, capture as bishops.
Guards now patrol Africa's national parks, sometimes shooting poachers on sight.
Guards observe every action as do the other inmates and visitors.
Guards observe female inmates at all times - taking showers, dressing and going to the bathroom.
Guards pass by periodically.
Guards patrol both residence halls and academic buildings.
Guards patrol the courts, the temples, the gardens.
Guards patrol the perimeter.
Guards patrol the periphery, and are instructed in their movements by the arumurum leader.
Guards pay close attention to their surroundings and take notice the moment anything is awry.
Guards periodically tap on the bars with a rubber mallet to check for tampering.
Guards play the post.
Guards pop up from behind the heaps of metal and surround the crew.
Guards prevent robberies using chanting and gongs.
Guards prevent wear by abrasive rocks on rollers, idlers, links, pins, bushings and sprockets.
Guards produce booze bottles and playfully jam elevator doors.
Guards prohibit guests from walking on the beach at night during the reproductive season.
Guards protect potential victims.
Guards protect the tiger while still groggy to prevent attacks from other tigers.
Guards protect the turbine building after vehicle crashes through a roll-up door.
Guards protect victims.
Guards pull guns.
Guards quickly begin to clear the large room.
Guards react accurately with the problem they see.
Guards receive little help elsewhere.
Guards restrict access to handlers.
Guards rush through the prison yard.
Guards salute their boss.
Guards say prison can be a psychological house of horrors where nothing is what it seems to be.
Guards say that's a disgusting reality of prison life.
Guards say tourists are demonstrating manners which are as poor or skimpy as their apparel.
Guards serve as little more than handy symbols of injustice and oppression.
Guards shout if they see even one finger out of alignment.
Guards sit under trees and fan the hot air with their caps.
Guards spread contact pressure to entire chest area.
Guards stand at the ready to keep back screaming crowds.
Guards stand duty around the clock, armed with automatic rifles.
Guards stand nearby, armed only with radios.
Guards start acting hard-assed.
Guards take the form of PCB traces, ground planes, and rings.
Guards threaten the prisoner's children and visitation rights as a means of silencing the women.
Guards too feel safer in such a reasonable climate.
Guards turn on all lights and wake everybody up, asking for names and numbers.
Guards use a contemporary nautical theme throughout the Bible-based materials.
Guards use bamboo canes and rods to beat prisoners who fall asleep or refuse to answer questions.
Guards use excessive forces.
Guards use forces.
Guards uses a contemporary nautical theme throughout the Bible-based materials.
Guards uses a nautical theme throughout the Bible-based materials.
Guards virtually have the power to keep an inmate in jail for life.
Guards watch the highways to stop the thoughtless traveler.
Guards watch through the doors.
Guards watch through two large windows.
Guards wear gray uniforms.
Guards work in a team, and all depend on each other.
Guards work in buildings.
Guards often pull or block on sweeps.
Guards sometimes hear phantom footsteps, growling noises and the sound of a man gasping for air.
Guards usually are uniformed and often carry a night stick and gun.
Guards usually eat on the job instead of taking a regular break away from the site.
Guards usually eat on the job instead of taking a regular break.
Guards usually eat on the job instead of taking a regular lunch break.
Guards usually eat on the job instead of taking regular breaks.
Guards usually sit on tall lifeguard chairs so they can see far and wide.
All guards are to be equipped with the gear.
All guards feature a secondary support cable.
All guards possess full powers of arrest.
Many guards bring spouses and children, and have made guarding a family tradition.
More guards arrive.
Most guards also lack the skills training to handle violent conflict.
Most guards create problems.
Most guards do good jobs.
Most guards do jobs.
Most guards give protection.
Most guards have lemon smell.
Most guards have pleasant smell.
Most guards learn jobs.
Most guards protect potential victims.
Most guards protect victims.
Most guards pull guns.
Most guards use ballistic weapons, such as assault rifles and shotguns.
Most guards use excessive forces.
Most guards use forces.
Most guards wear armor that makes normal ammo useless.
Most guards work in buildings.
Some guards also walk patrol routes along roads, keeping the way clear for the kingdom's travellers.
Some guards are excellent in protecting the user.
Some guards are limited and can only play one position.
Some guards are stationary, surveying an area from a fixed position, while some run routine patrols.
Some guards assess awareness.
Some guards check employee identification and answer visitor questions.
Some guards claim to have seen headless figures walking in front of security cameras.
Some guards collect charge.
Some guards collect cover charge.
Some guards come to hospitals.
Some guards engage in battles.
Some guards fall on knees.
Some guards fall to death.
Some guards give nod.
Some guards have potential.
Some guards keep poachers.
Some guards kill infants.
Some guards make sound.
Some guards possess horses.
Some guards protect workers.
Some guards provide armor.
Some guards return to schools.
Some guards take places.
Some guards take sides.
Some guards use computers to store security information.
Some guards use detectors.
Some guards use metal detectors.
Some guards watch cattle.
Some guards work in prisons.
Some guards work in schools.
Guarded beaches are available during the summer months.
Guarded hunts can be secret horseplays that lead to imprisonment.
A guardhouse is military installation
Guardhouse is on the right, stop for directions to the course.
Guardian adults assume that all good, responsible people share their values and learning styles.
A guardian angel is an angel
Guardian angel comes to life when plugged into a standard outlet.
Guardian angels are near, So sleep on, with no fear.
Guardian angels are organisation.
Guardian angels can provide sustenance.
Guardian angels have a job - to assist humans.
Guardian angels look out for others.
Guardian angels work on a wing and a prayer.
Guardian feature permits adult control, for what that's worth.
All Guardian fences are transparent, very attractive and feature our patented self-locking gate.
Guardian instinct is the feeling a dog has of possession and protection of space or things.
Guardians Of Order is committed to using the on-line playtests for many more products in the future.
Guardian readers love 'em.
Guardian readers offer their various opinions on the efficiency of different water-boiling methods.
A guardian is a person
Guardian gives peace of mind for new parents.
Guardian isa individual.
Guardian isa person.
Guardian isa somebody.
Guardian isa someone.
Guardian looks out for children.
Guardian prides itself on quality customer service and dedication to the needs of the borrower.
Guardian produces a vigorous tree with most varieties and is more tolerant of peach tree short life.
Guardians acknowledge that taxpayers have been gouged at times.
Guardians are books.
Guardians are concrete in communication and cooperative in implementing goals.
Guardians are conscientious about their schoolwork, and also want to please the instructor.
Guardians are interested in preventing challenges to their routines or plans.
Guardians are liable for the actions of the child in their care.
Guardians are meticulous about schedules and have a sharp eye for proper procedures.
Guardians are newspapers.
Guardians are organized and like to arrive on time for appointments.
Guardians are people.
Guardians are practical, detail oriented, and thorough.
Guardians are responsible for materials checked out on their children's cards.
Guardians are usually relatives.
Guardians are video games.
Guardians can take out any island defenses from a distance.
Guardians deal with the living.
Guardians decide where a person lives and make all medical decisions.
Guardians don t just watch over adults.
Guardians fight back any resistance with jails, prisons, labeling, etc.
Guardians file annual reports on the condition of the wards and how often they visit.
Guardians fill a variety of roles for children.
Guardians have (part) arms.
Guardians have (part) body substances.
Guardians have (part) cell membranes.
Guardians have (part) cells.
Guardians have (part) corpi.
Guardians have (part) cytoplasm.
Guardians have (part) heads.
Guardians have (part) human bodies.
Guardians have (part) legs.
Guardians have (part) material bodies.
Guardians have (part) necks.
Guardians have (part) nuclei.
Guardians have (part) personality.
Guardians have (part) plasma membranes.
Guardians have (part) sections.
Guardians have (part) vacuoles.
Guardians have a duty to investigate reasonable residential alternatives.
Guardians have a tendency to be critical as well as nurturing.
Guardians have huge caseloads.
Guardians have no place in a land of freemen.
Guardians have stable state and survive crashes with high probability.
Guardians make decisions about the person's care, safety and health.
Guardians make loyal mates, responsible parents, and stabilizing leaders.
Guardians make medical decisions and determine where a person lives.
Guardians misusing their powers include relatives, friends, lawyers, and people hired by the courts.
Guardians pride themselves on being dependable, helpful, and hard-working.
Guardians provide assistance for both Docents and visitors on tour.
Guardians receive a photo of their animal.
Guardians serve as the eyes of the judge.
Guardians tend to be dutiful, cautious, humble, and focused on credentials and traditions.
Guardians undergo intensive training and provide ongoing support.
Guardians visit the clients regularly and advocate for quality care on heir behalf.
Guardians visit their clients at home and at work and also attend many community activities.
Guardians often confiscate food, medicines, and cigarettes brought by relatives.
Guardians often work with staff on other tasks.
Most guardians commit to one afternoon a month.
Some guardians come into offices.
Some guardians have faith.
Some guardians never bother to see the people they're charged with helping.
Some guardians prefer to prepare food for their animal companions.
Some guardians say they unfairly get a bad reputation.
Some guardians suffering from addiction or severe depression are completely unresponsive.
Some guardians use assets.
Guardianship allows that.
Guardianship can be a relatively inflexible device.
Guardianship can be a very costly and time consuming process.
Guardianship can be an important support and service for people with developmental disabilities.
Guardianship can be costly and complicated.
Guardianship can be expensive and emotionally difficult for everyone involved.
Guardianship can pertain either to minors or the insane.
Guardianship deprives the ward of legal rights.
Guardianship goes into effect immediately once a court grants it.
Guardianship implies the intention to sustain one's gaze on any and all approaching dangers.
Guardianship involves active, on-going monitoring of the wastes.
Guardianship involves making decisions on behalf of the person with the mental incapacity.
Guardianship involves the courts.
Guardianship is a judicial process in which courts appoint a guardian to make decisions.
Guardianship is a legal determination made by the court.
Guardianship is a legal matter and can have long far-reaching effects.
Guardianship is a legal process, and the decision is made by a judge.
Guardianship is a long, complex legal process.
Guardianship is a protective legal relationship.
Guardianship is a significant responsibility.
Guardianship is a simple process especially if requested by the family.
Guardianship is a very serious matter.
Guardianship is an option in such cases.
Guardianship is duties.
Guardianship is never a voluntary legal procedure.
Guardianship is normally a long-term relationship.
Guardianship is protection
Guardianship is serious business.
Guardianship is slow, expensive and very intrusive.
Guardianship is the broadest and most restrictive form of decision-making help.
Guardianship is the more involved and expensive process.
Guardianship is time-consuming, costly, and restrictive.
Guardianship makes a great gift for nature lovers of all ages.
Guardianship provides for the children's care until they reach maturity.
Guardianship represents a failure to plan.
Guardianships are court supervised proceedings for minors and for incapacitated adults.
Guardianships are expensive and restrictive.
Guardianships are to be documented at the school level.
Guardianships can be both temporary and permanent.
Guardianships can be quite expensive.
Guardianships protect the welfare of seniors who can no longer care for themselves.
A guardrail is a rail
Guardrails are a natural rusted brown to blend with the earth and trees.
Guardrails are available in low, high and adjustable styles.
Guardrails are safety requirements on most bridges.
Guardrails help prevent falls, but can often receive heavy damage from rambunctious fans.
Guardrails keep people and wheels safely on the ramp at all times.
A guardsman is a soldier
Guardsman is a restricted use herbicide.
Guardsmen arrive in somersaults.
Guatemala isa thing.
Guava fruit grows on small trees.
Guava fruit grows on trees.
Most guava fruit grows on small trees.
Most guava fruit grows on trees.
Guava plants require much care.
Most guava plants require much care.
Guava seeds produce plants.
Most guava seeds produce plants.
Guava trees bear fruit.
Guava trees grow in areas.
Guava trees grow in windy areas.
Guava trees produce delicious fruit.
Guava trees produce flowers.
Guava trees produce fruit.
Guava isa tree.
Guavas contain high potassium.
Guavas contain nutrients.
Guavas contain potassium.
Guavas contain vitamins.
Guavas grow in areas.
Guavas grow in subtropical areas.
Guavas grow in zones.
Guavas have (part) bark.
Guavas have (part) cell membranes.
Guavas have (part) cells.
Guavas have (part) corpi.
Guavas have (part) cytoplasm.
Guavas have (part) leaf nodes.
Guavas have (part) nuclei.
Guavas have (part) plasma membranes.
Guavas have (part) sections.
Guavas have (part) stumps.
Guavas have (part) tree branches.
Guavas have (part) treetops.
Guavas have (part) trunks.
Guavas have (part) vacuoles.
Guavas have (part) xylem.
Guavas have fiber.
Guavas have flesh.
Guavas have fruit.
Guavas have good taste.
Guavas have pink flesh.
Guavas have seeds.
Guavas have skin.
Guavas have taste.
Guavas have yellow skin.
Guayaquil is part of Ecuador.
Guayaquil isa thing.
Guayule rubber is as durable and strong as tropical rubber, and it has two advantages.
Gubernatorial candidates have e-mail addresses.
Gubernatorial races are the most expensive in the state, but other seats are influenced by money.
Guelph winters can get cold.
Guenon monkeys share habitats.
A guenon is a monkey
Guenon isa monkey.
Guenons also have long hair around their face, like a lion's mane.
Guenons apparently are territorial but generally avoid serious conflicts.
Guenons are also quite variable cranially.
Guenons are expressive vocally.
Guenons are generally somewhat smaller than macaques.
Guenons are good swimmers.
Guenons are mammals.
Guenons have (part) brains.
Guenons have (part) breasts.
Guenons have (part) cell membranes.
Guenons have (part) cells.
Guenons have (part) chest cavities.
Guenons have (part) chests.
Guenons have (part) corpi.
Guenons have (part) cytoplasm.
Guenons have (part) ears.
Guenons have (part) faces.
Guenons have (part) heads.
Guenons have (part) nuclei.
Guenons have (part) pedal extremities.
Guenons have (part) piluses.
Guenons have (part) plasma membranes.
Guenons have (part) rib cages.
Guenons have (part) sections.
Guenons have (part) skulls.
Guenons have (part) sterna.
Guenons have (part) vacuoles.
Guenons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Guenons have large, well-developed cheek pouches.
Guenons have patches of short contrasting fur on the nose.
Guenons have separate alarm calls for ground and aerial predators.
Guenons inhabit forests, woodlands, and savannahs, usually near rivers and streams.
Guenons live in trees.
Guenons mature sexually at the age of four years.
Guenons use loud, booming calls and bird-like chirps to alert each other.
All guenons are diurnal.
Most guenons live in sizable groups of females and young with a single adult male.
Most guenons live in trees.
Some guenons have color vision.
Some guenons have diets.
Some guenons have ears.
Some guenons have excellent color vision.
Some guenons have tuft ears.
Some guenons have vision.
Some guenons produce offspring.
Guereza isa colobus.
Guereza stands bipedally on sloping medium-sized branch of fig and gathers fruit with free hand.
Guerezas have (part) brains.
Guerezas have (part) breasts.
Guerezas have (part) cell membranes.
Guerezas have (part) cells.
Guerezas have (part) chest cavities.
Guerezas have (part) chests.
Guerezas have (part) corpi.
Guerezas have (part) cytoplasm.
Guerezas have (part) ears.
Guerezas have (part) faces.
Guerezas have (part) heads.
Guerezas have (part) nuclei.
Guerezas have (part) pedal extremities.
Guerezas have (part) piluses.
Guerezas have (part) plasma membranes.
Guerezas have (part) rib cages.
Guerezas have (part) sections.
Guerezas have (part) skulls.
Guerezas have (part) sterna.
Guerezas have (part) vacuoles.
Guerezas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Guerezas inhabit areas.
Guerezas live in territory.
Guerezas possess stomachs.
Guerezas rely on mothers.
Most guerezas live in territory.
Most guerezas rely on mothers.
Some guerezas have central african distribution.
Some guerezas have distribution.
Some guerezas have guerezas.
Some guerezas have periods.
Some guerezas have small thumbs.
Some guerezas have tails.
Some guerezas have thumbs.
Guerilla gardening is a concept looking at how our cities work and how grey and run down they are.
Guerilla marketing is highly active.
Guerilla marketing is nothing new.
Guerilla tactics are more fun without forged papers, anyway.
Guerilla war is doubly so.
Guerilla warfare is actions.
Guerilla warfare is waged by the few but dependent on the many.
Guerilla warfare is war.
Guerilla warfare means up to their monkey tricks.
A guerilla is a warrior
Guerillas are in abundance here.
Guerillas are to be killed ruthlessly by the troops in battle or during pursuit.
Guerillas have no business fighting set-piece battles.
Guerillas spend endless hours in hotel rooms, sitting in airports and waiting for meetings.
A guerrilla is a warrior
Guerrillas adapt their marketing to that reality by facing it squarely.
Guerrillas also know well the immense power of repetition in learning and in teaching.
Guerrillas also know what makes a TV commercial a winner.
Guerrillas are active in the area of the U'wa lands.
Guerrillas are available as consultants and speakers.
Guerrillas are determined to market their sites the right way.
Guerrillas are familiar with the two basic approaches to envelopes.
Guerrillas are fully aware of the proliferation of direct response marketing in the world today.
Guerrillas are highly principled and meticulously honest.
Guerrillas are in the second category.
Guerrillas are rigorously fair , actually raising objections on behalf of the prospect.
Guerrillas are small, non-mainstream companies.
Guerrillas are to be treated as pirates.
Guerrillas are too.
Guerrillas are warriors.
Guerrillas ask themselves questions after successful persuasions.
Guerrillas bear weapons and attack people.
Guerrillas become experts in their market before planning.
Guerrillas build their businesses on loyal customers.
Guerrillas can distinguish the facts from the fables.
Guerrillas can isolate a prospect's unique priorities and criteria in seconds.
Guerrillas can save time by using the telephone as an effective tool to pre-qualify customers.
Guerrillas cherish their freedom as much as their work.
Guerrillas compete by narrowcasting their message to specific groups most likely to buy.
Guerrillas control the messages that they send.
Guerrillas control the mountains.
Guerrillas create a comfortable environment that encourages browsing.
Guerrillas create marketing plans that can guide their efforts for five or ten years, even longer.
Guerrillas have little problem getting through.
Guerrillas have the insight that precision strengthens an attack.
Guerrillas invariably lose in pitched battles against regulars.
Guerrillas know in their bones that the prime reason is the buyers have confidence in the sellers.
Guerrillas know that all the media work better if they re supported by the other media.
Guerrillas know that computers can transform some signs into posters.
Guerrillas know that it's essential to build a company on a solid foundation.
Guerrillas know that most business is won because the competition gave up.
Guerrillas know that the hallmark of marketing success is commitment to clear plan.
Guerrillas know that there's a world of difference between customer care and customer attention.
Guerrillas know that's when marketing begins.
Guerrillas know the difference.
Guerrillas know they can change reality just as they can change illusion.
Guerrillas know well the enormous difference between their customers and their best customers.
Guerrillas know well the enormous power of written words.
Guerrillas know what makes a TV commercial a total loser.
Guerrillas lean upon case histories to prove their problem-solving acumen.
Guerrillas learn what makes it different, better, desirable.
Guerrillas live intentionally.
Guerrillas love publicity but avoid bad publicity because they know it spreads faster than wildfire.
Guerrillas make taking that next step as attractive as possible.
Guerrillas opt for quality and economy every time.
Guerrillas opt for quality and economy very time.
Guerrillas print formal invitations to customers to private sales, parties and special events.
Guerrillas produce POP materials that tie in with their other marketing.
Guerrillas recognize the power of freebies.
Guerrillas rehearse their presentation till they've got it down pat.
Guerrillas run parallel courts in parts of Bihar.
Guerrillas say things to rise above the din, to be noticed and desired in a sea of marketers.
Guerrillas send no unintentional messages Unintentional messages erect an insurmountable barrier.
Guerrillas send postage-paid questionnaire cards and letters asking for suggestions.
Guerrillas start immediately to warm up the relationship by building rapport with their prospects.
Guerrillas stick with the magic, avoid the tragic.
Guerrillas strive to live in the same world as their prospects and customers.
Guerrillas think in terms of getting down to the business of achieving and deserving credibility.
Guerrillas treat gatekeepers with great deference and respect.
Guerrillas try to do both.
Guerrillas try to market their marketing.
Guerrillas understand that there are two realities in life.
Guerrillas welcome the changes as much as they welcome the status quos.
Guerrillas always have fewer resources than their enemy.
All guerrillas know that their customer relationships are their most precious assets.
All guerrillas know they have three markets.
Every guerrilla knows that the number one factor influencing purchase decisions is confidence.
Some guerrillas use an ethno-national justification.
A guess is a view
Guesses are as defined by a network or set of networks.
Guesses are completely acceptable.
Guesses are estimates.
Guesses are in grey.
Guesses are opinion.
Guesses are to be made on the message board.
Guesses are welcome, but they refuse to divulge their secret.
Guesses are welcome.
Guesses call for additional study.
Guesses range from a greenhouse effect to an ice age.
Guesses range from holy men to common folk to storytellers.
Guesses range from mixed-race and Asian to caucasian and any number of variations in between.
Guesses vary from a few tens of thousands to as much as a quarter of a million.
All guesses are welcome.
Some guesses are highly educated guesses and some are stupid guesses but they are all guesses.
Some guesses are that it was malaria or migraines or epilepsy or depression or a speech impediment.
A guesser is a person
Guessers raise a hand and when signalled by teacher call out the rhyme.
Some guessers are better than others but everybody is guessing.
A guesstimate is an estimate
Guesstimates are welcome.
Guesswork is an estimate
All guesswork is eliminated.
Guest Appearance is an occasional series of solicited articles from investment professionals.
Guest appearances are abundant and there is something for everyone.
Guest appearances belong in the guest section.
All guest appearances are subject to change.
All guest appearances are subject to last minute professional obligations.
All guest appearances are subject to other work commitments.
Guest artists add to the live jam each week.
Guest artists are a big reason for the excitement.
Guest artists are a regular part of our program.
Guest artists are an exciting addition to the performance program.
Guest artists are an integral part of the program.
Guest artists are former festival participants who are now professionals in the field of dance.
Guest artists are frequent contributors to our program.
Guest artists are to be announced.
Guest artists bring exciting new perspectives into the classroom.
Guest artists compliment the work of the full-time faculty.
Guest artists conduct workshops in specialized art media.
Guest artists demonstrate their techniques in various media at the monthly general meetings.
Guest artists give demonstrations and motivational speeches to selected audiences.
Guest artists give demonstrations as well.
Guest artists join the class to share techniques.
Guest artists lead classes and demonstrations which include live music, costumes, and terminology.
Guest artists perform everything from Christian rap to African-American gospel.
Guest artists perform on campus and provide vocal and instrumental master classes.
Guest artists provide additional experience in specialized areas.
Guest artists provide highlight experiences.
Guest artists provide inspiration and valuable learning opportunities during the season.
Guest artists spend their days alone in cottages and individual rooms.
Guest artists visit campus regularly for master classes.
Guest book is a good idea also.
Guest book is at the bottom of the page.
Guest book is available once again for signatures.
Guest book is FREE and easy to set up.
Guest Book Make an entry in the Monkey Central guest book.
Guest Book Requires a Java Enabled Browser.
Guest Book Show off positive web visitor comments, testimonials through an interactive guest book.
Guest Book Stop in and sign our guest book and see who's been here.
Guest Book Take a minute to 'sign' our guestbook.
Guest Book Take a moment and stop by to sign out guest book.
Guest books are books.
Guest books are searchable by category.
Guest books contain holograph signatures of visitors to the office.
Guest books help the internet to expand our community.
Guest hosts stop by on occasion.
Guest houses abound both the capital city and other regions withen the country.
Guest houses are all near the beach, with bed and breakfast at nearby country inns.
Guest houses are available to accommodate visiting researchers.
Guest houses are much cheaper than hotels and much more interesting.
Guest houses can also meet different needs.
Guest houses have their own pool, and some have jacuzzis.
Guest houses offer great value for money.
Guest houses remain open year round.
All guest houses have easy access to public transportation and many offer on-site parking.
Many guest houses are short on bedding so packing a sleeping bag is a good idea.
Some guest houses serve fresh fruit like pine apple or papaiya, too.
Some guest houses serve main meals.
Guest lecturers are also a regular part of the course.
Guest lecturers are on board and accompany passengers on shore excursions.
Guest lecturers are prominent scientists from the areas outstanding federal research institutions.
Guest lecturers are routinely invited to present on Cuba, it's literature and culture.
Guest lecturers assist in presenting the unit.
Guest lecturers bring a different perspective to the classroom.
Guest lecturers complement the didactic program.
Guest lecturers contribute talks on relevant topics early in the semester.
Guest lecturers cover areas specifically related to counselling psychology.
Guest lecturers cover technical and non-technical topics.
Guest lecturers describe aspects of actual organizations.
Guest lecturers describe some aspect of the marine environment or study.
Guest lecturers discuss corporate campaigns.
Guest lecturers discuss current problems and possible solutions.
Guest lecturers discuss the primary disciplines of natural medicine.
Guest lecturers enhance the curriculum and provide a balanced perspective on key issues.
Guest lecturers enrich many Study Groups.
Guest lecturers focus on viral immunology, measles.
Guest lecturers give breadth to the practical aspects of the course.
Guest lecturers give examples of sensory science from both academic and industrial practices.
Guest lecturers give in depth presentations.
Guest lecturers offer programs designed to acquaint students with numerous music professions.
Guest lecturers present a variety of related topics, including APTA licensing procedures.
Guest lecturers present professional aspects of engineering.
Guest lecturers provide a critical summary of and synthesis of major areas of study.
Guest lecturers provide an overview of the diverse disciplinary approaches to the study of women.
Guest lecturers provide insight into the business of entertaining families.
Guest lecturers provide yet another opportunity to widen the scope of the learning experience.
Guest lecturers share live case studies and relay their real world experiences in class.
Guest lecturers share research on the effect of feminist scholarship in their disciplines.
Guest lecturers share their professional expertise with the students.
Guest lecturers supplement the instruction of experienced, professional faculty.
Many guest lecturers present a variety of additional subjects throughout the year.
A guest night is an evening
Guest nights are more like a dinner party in the home of a friend than visiting an institution.
Guest of honour is the visitor from Harlem.
Guest presenters fly in from locations all over the country to facilitate.
Guest presenters visit from time to time.
Guest ranch offers private fishing waters, clinics, fishing school in Colorado.
Guest ranches are also available.
Guest ranches provide horses, saddles, and lots of fun.
Every guest ranch is different.
Most guest ranches have minimum stays ranging from three days to a week.
Guest registers are available for browsing here, and from the Home page.
Guest room has firm king-size waterbed and full bath en suite.
Guest room has twin beds and a bath.
Guest room has two twin beds.
Guest rooms are air conditioned and have paddle fans, televisions, and VCRs.
Guest rooms are air-conditioned during the summer months.
Guest rooms are air-conditioned with color television, a private bath and all amenities.
Guest rooms are air-conditioned with private baths, two twin beds, refrigerators, and telephones.
Guest rooms are all different and accommodate two to five people.
Guest rooms are all non-smoking.
Guest rooms are also available at a corporate discount rate.
Guest rooms are also available for visiting parents.
Guest rooms are also well designed and offer the desired comfort.
Guest rooms are attractive and well equipped.
Guest rooms are attractively and completely furnished for comfort of guests.
Guest rooms are available by reservation.
Guest rooms are available for a small fee.
Guest rooms are available for friends and visitors.
Guest rooms are available for visitors.
Guest rooms are available with a king or two queen beds.
Guest rooms are available with city and lake views.
Guest rooms are available with two twin beds, double bed, king-size beds, cribs, and bunk beds.
Guest rooms are available with working fireplace, private balcony or garden patio.
Guest rooms are available.
Guest rooms are beautifully furnished and feature all modern conveniences.
Guest rooms are beset among courtyards and swimming pools.
Guest rooms are charming.
Guest rooms are clean and comfortable and well appointed.
Guest rooms are clean and comfortable.
Guest rooms are clean and stylish, decorated in blue and gold.
Guest rooms are clean, comfortable, brightly decorated and well appointed.
Guest rooms are comfortable and beautifully appointed.
Guest rooms are comfortable and spacious with traditional American furniture and fine paintings.
Guest rooms are comfortable and well appointed, with bold patterns and tapestry.
Guest rooms are comfortable and well appointed.
Guest rooms are comfortable and well furnished.
Guest rooms are comfortable and well-furnished.
Guest rooms are comfortable but bland, with many overlooking parking lots.
Guest rooms are comfortable with pleasant decor.
Guest rooms are comfortably air-conditioned and have telephones.
Guest rooms are contemporary with built-in furniture and bright Mediterranean fabrics.
Guest rooms are contemporary with pastel colors and rose-colored marble floors.
Guest rooms are elaborately and modernly designed to provide all conveniences.
Guest rooms are elegant, combining modern facilities with colonial furnishings.
Guest rooms are extra-spacious with French doors opening onto private balconies.
Guest rooms are fully air conditioned, especially comfortable and elegantly furnished.
Guest rooms are immaculate antique-filled and dotted with clever details.
Guest rooms are in buildings whose shapes suggest recumbent dinosaurs.
Guest rooms are in separate buildings.
Guest rooms are in spacious, comfortable suites furnished in oak.
Guest rooms are large and immaculately clean.
Guest rooms are large and nicely decorated.
Guest rooms are large and plain with painted wooden furniture.
Guest rooms are large, airy and elegantly appointed in cane and wood.
Guest rooms are large, comfortable and tastefully decorated.
Guest rooms are large, elegant and have a Caribbean ambiance, furnished in antiques and wicker.
Guest rooms are large, newly decorated with great views and offer excellent value in Banff.
Guest rooms are light, spacious and airy.
Guest rooms are limited to a maximum of two adults per room.
Guest rooms are located in lofts.
Guest rooms are lovely and well-appointed.
Guest rooms are luxurious and comfortable with fireplaces, featherbeds, quilts and ceiling fans.
Guest rooms are luxury appointed and most have two beds.
Guest rooms are medium-sized with contemporary decor and open to terraces with sea or lagoon views.
Guest rooms are modern and airy.
Guest rooms are modern, spacious and accommodate two persons to a room.
Guest rooms are on the second floor, with full bath and shower.
Guest rooms are on the second floor.
Guest rooms are pleasant and nicely equipped to give a feeling of being homewhile away from home.
Guest rooms are pleasant and well equipped to give a feeling of being home while away from home.
Guest rooms are quiet havens that lend themselves to relaxation.
Guest rooms are quite and comfortable and are set in a comtemporary decor.
Guest rooms are quite and comfortable and are set in a contemporary decor.
Guest rooms are romantic, tall and spacious with sitting areas and private baths.
Guest rooms are separate from the communal quarters.
Guest rooms are separate from the main lodge and are accessed by boardwalks.
Guest rooms are similarly well-designed, with angles that break up the usual boxy grid.
Guest rooms are simple but tasteful, with one or two queen beds and private bath.
Guest rooms are smoke-free.
Guest rooms are soundproof.
Guest rooms are spacious and comfortable.
Guest rooms are spacious and elegantly furnished.
Guest rooms are spacious and equipped with complete sets of mahogany furniture.
Guest rooms are spacious and handsomely appointed.
Guest rooms are spacious and have been tastefully decorated and offer hotel standard facilities.
Guest rooms are spacious and have large balconies, while the restaurant and bar also face the river.
Guest rooms are spacious and tastefully decorated.
Guest rooms are spacious and uncluttered.
Guest rooms are spacious and well cared for.
Guest rooms are spacious offering queen sized beds and private baths.
Guest rooms are spacious with ample closet space.
Guest rooms are spacious, accommodating and quiet, with the finest of amenities.
Guest rooms are spacious, beautifully decorated, clean and bright.
Guest rooms are spacious, confortable and gaily decorated.
Guest rooms are spacious, with high ceilings, restored moldings and woodwork.
Guest rooms are spartan but comfortable with private baths.
Guest rooms are to only be used by guests who have registered and paid their deposit.
Guest rooms are typically Parisian.
Guest rooms are unique, with touches of Europe and the Far East.
Guest rooms are upstairs in the main building or in adjoining buildings.
Guest rooms are varied to meet the needs of vacationers or business travelers.
Guest rooms are very large and a good value.
Guest rooms are very limited.
Guest rooms are Victorian in design featuring antique furnishings.
Guest rooms are warm and inviting.
Guest rooms are well equipped for both business and leisure guests.
Guest rooms are well-appointed and tastefully decorated.
Guest rooms avail.
Guest rooms boast sweeping views of Manhattan and the Hudson and East Rivers.
Guest rooms boast unique decorating motifs.
Guest rooms contain a queen bed and a twin bed with a pull out trundle.
Guest rooms contain private ensuites, decks and handcrafted log furniture.
Guest rooms designed for visitors with special needs are also available.
Guest rooms feature a phone, a radio, cable TV, a coffeemaker, and a patio.
Guest rooms feature a private bath, air-conditioning, a view of the mountains and vineyards.
Guest rooms feature a radio and CD player,and a mini bar in a charming English decor.
Guest rooms feature a variety of bed sizes, some with jacuzzi or sauna.
Guest rooms feature an island decor with rattan furniture and ceiling fans.
Guest rooms feature antique furnishings, ceiling fans, and queen size beds.
Guest rooms feature contemporary California decor.
Guest rooms feature contemporary decor and are well appointed.
Guest rooms feature contemporary decor and include electronic door locks.
Guest rooms feature contemporary decor, and are clean, comfortable and well appointed.
Guest rooms feature contemporary decor.
Guest rooms feature countless comforts and amenities.
Guest rooms feature double French doors, which open to the warm desert breezes.
Guest rooms feature fine double beds, period furnishings and modern comforts.
Guest rooms feature free local phone calls, free newspaper and a safe deposit box.
Guest rooms feature individual climate control, cable TV, and a phone.
Guest rooms feature individual climate control, color TV, and direct dial phones.
Guest rooms feature individual climate control, phone, remote control color cable TV, and radio.
Guest rooms feature in-room coffee, hair dryers, and irons.
Guest rooms feature in-room wet bars, microwaves, coffeemakers and refrigerators.
Guest rooms feature jewel tones and hand-carved furnishings.
Guest rooms feature mahogany antique furniture.
Guest rooms feature marble bath.
Guest rooms feature Mediterranean decor.
Guest rooms feature modern decor.
Guest rooms feature outstanding ocean or village views and the most comfortable bed in the nation.
Guest rooms feature peeled-log furnishings and a cozy, inviting fireplace.
Guest rooms feature private bath, cable TV, direct-dial telephone, safe, and radio.
Guest rooms feature private bath, cable TV, telephone, radio, and safe.
Guest rooms feature private bathroom with whirlpool for two or clawfoot tub.
Guest rooms feature private baths and family heirlooms.
Guest rooms feature remote control TVs, individual climate controls and free local calls.
Guest rooms feature traditional decor and are clean, comfortable and beautifully appointed.
Guest rooms feature two queen beds.
Guest rooms has queen-size beds, a queen and twin bed, two double beds or three double beds.
Guest rooms have a comfortable residential style, with comfortable sofas and contemporary designs.
Guest rooms have a flower theme to compliment the gardens that fill the estate.
Guest rooms have a spectacular ocean view, covered deck, and private entrance.
Guest rooms have air conditioning, color TV, phone, and a radio.
Guest rooms have American Victorian antiques and CD players.
Guest rooms have ample desk work space.
Guest rooms have beautiful queen canopies and our suites have gas stove fireplaces.
Guest rooms have bright rattan furnishings and decor, marble floors, and tiled baths.
Guest rooms have cable television, central air conditioning and a private phone with voice mailbox.
Guest rooms have classical decor.
Guest rooms have coffee makers, hair dryers, irons, ironing boards, and data ports.
Guest rooms have cozy fireplaces and many feature relaxing whirlpool tubs.
Guest rooms have dataports on telephones as well as modem connections.
Guest rooms have double, queen or king-size beds.
Guest rooms have ensuite bathrooms complete with hydro-massage tubs.
Guest rooms have irons and ironing boards, coffee makers, and hair dryers.
Guest rooms have lake and mountain views, bath robes, TV, tea and coffee making facilities.
Guest rooms have modern private baths, and direct dial telephones.
Guest rooms have one queen or two twin beds.
Guest rooms have patchwork quilts and floral wallcoverings, and an antique wood or iron bed.
Guest rooms have plush robes, posturepedic mattresses, feather pillows, and down comforters.
Guest rooms have private baths and large canopy beds.
Guest rooms have private baths most with queen beds, bunks and doubles for the kids.
Guest rooms have private baths.
Guest rooms have private phone lines and a fax machine is available.
Guest rooms have queen beds and private baths.
Guest rooms have queen beds with private baths.
Guest rooms have queen-sized beds, gas fireplaces, private baths, and whirlpools.
Guest rooms have refrigerators and double or king-size beds.
Guest rooms have refrigerators, microwaves, private balconies and two double beds.
Guest rooms have rich carpeting, fine furniture, and period pieces.
Guest rooms have simple but comfortable furnishings, and all have private baths.
Guest rooms have spectacular ocean views, private decks, ensuite baths, and telephones.
Guest rooms have stainedglass windows and private bathrooms with whirlpools.
Guest rooms have sun porches and rocking chairs, some have whirlpool baths and fireplaces.
Guest rooms have their own baths and entrances.
Guest rooms have three phones, two data ports and two lines.
Guest rooms have traditional furnishings and are well appointed.
Guest rooms have twin beds which convert to kingsize and private bathrooms with tub and shower.
Guest rooms have two double beds or one king bed, cable television and data ports.
Guest rooms have views of the ocean and Mexican d cor.
Guest rooms have working gas fireplaces.
Guest rooms highlight the mix of traditional and modern.
Guest rooms located on the first and second floor all afford a view.
Guest rooms offer a cozy balcony and complete kitchenette.
Guest rooms offer all the amenities.
Guest rooms offer amenities like fireplaces, whirlpool and awesome views.
Guest rooms offer colorful decor, newly redecorated bath and a refrigerator.
Guest rooms offer dataports, two direct telephone lines, coffee maker and mini bar.
Guest rooms offer either two full size beds or a one king bed and a sofa sleeper.
Guest rooms offer ocean views, fireplaces, antiques, down comforters and private baths.
Guest rooms offer private baths, fireplaces and king or queen size beds.
Guest rooms offer sea and mountain views.
Guest rooms offer slate and glass bathrooms with five foot soaking tubs and mahogany walls.
Guest rooms offer views of the city, garden courtyard or river.
Guest rooms offer views of the Southern Alps.
Guest rooms offer working fireplaces, jacuzzis and swimming pool.
Guest rooms open on to the porches that completely surround the house on both floors.
Guest rooms overlook a lush, tropical courtyard and sparkling swimming pool.
Guest rooms overlook the Forbidden City .
Guest rooms provide an undisturbed, convenient working and sleeping environment.
Guest rooms provide comfort and relaxation with country grace, some offering fireplaces.
Guest rooms provide visitors a comfortable, yet elegant, residential decor.
Guest rooms range from small singles to large suites with full kitchens.
Guest rooms range from standard to spacious lakeside accommodations.
Guest rooms reflect comfort and privacy and offer a variety of amenities.
Guest rooms surround a charming courtyard, filled with banana trees and a bubbling fountain.
Guest rooms vary in price and most rates include breakfast and dinner daily.
Guest rooms vary in size and feature movies, VCRs, honor bar, refrigerators and non-smoking.
All guest room windows open part-way and have access to fresh air.
All guest rooms are above ground floor and accessible by elevator.
All guest rooms are air conditioned and have private baths.
All guest rooms are air conditioned and offer in-room movies, telephones and cable television.
All guest rooms are air-conditioned and have outdoor balconies, color televisions and phone.
All guest rooms are air-conditioned with private baths, two twin beds, refrigerators and telephones.
All guest rooms are air-conditioned.
All guest rooms are antique-appointed, with private baths.
All guest rooms are beautifully furnished and have TV and VCRs.
All guest rooms are bright, comfortable, and beautifully decorated.
All guest rooms are comfortable and nicely equipped to give a feeling of a home away from home.
All guest rooms are comfortable and spacious and on the ground floor.
All guest rooms are comfortable and tastefully appointed.
All guest rooms are comfortable and well appointed.
All guest rooms are comfortable and well equipped.
All guest rooms are comfortable and well-equipped.
All guest rooms are complete with private bath, cable tv,queen size bed and air conditioning.
All guest rooms are contemporary in style and feature all modern conveniences.
All guest rooms are cozy, cool and comfortable.
All guest rooms are in one building.
All guest rooms are large and feature a work desk, cable television and other amenities.
All guest rooms are near the water's edge with timeless harbour views.
All guest rooms are newly refurbished and feature first class facilities.
All guest rooms are newly renovated - each one is distinctive.
All guest rooms are non-smoking.
All guest rooms are on one floor and are beautifully appointed with private bath.
All guest rooms are on the first floor.
All guest rooms are on the second and third floors.
All guest rooms are on the second floor.
All guest rooms are private and accessible from a guest entrance.
All guest rooms are spacious and decorated in Florida pastel themes.
All guest rooms are spacious and include designer furnishings.
All guest rooms are upstairs.
All guest rooms are vast and hugely comfortable.
All guest rooms are well equipped and elegantly decorated.
All guest rooms boast sweeping views of Vancouver's spectacular harbor and mountains.
All guest rooms contain comprehensive information on things to see and do locally.
All guest rooms contain recycling bins.
All guest rooms coomand a great view.
All guest rooms differ somewhat from each other.
All guest rooms face the quarter-acre lake.
All guest rooms feature a remote control cable TV, direct dial phones, and free local phones.
All guest rooms feature a shower-bath and air conditioning as well as most modern conveniences.
All guest rooms feature private bath and most offer the warming glow of a fireplace.
All guest rooms feature private baths and are decorated with fine antiques.
All guest rooms feature private baths.
All guest rooms feature private marble bath, phone, satellite tv, mini-bar, and electronic safes.
All guest rooms have a balcony.
All guest rooms have a hairdryer, iron and ironing board.
All guest rooms have a lakeview with private porch entry.
All guest rooms have a luxurious contemporary decor.
All guest rooms have a private bath and are richly appointed with antiques and period reproductions.
All guest rooms have a private bathroom.
All guest rooms have a quality queen or king size bed, fine beddings and a private bath.
All guest rooms have a view of the golf course or mountains.
All guest rooms have air conditioning, cable color television and private baths.
All guest rooms have air conditioning, telephones, and cable television.
All guest rooms have beach views and private balconies.
All guest rooms have binders containing detailed local information.
All guest rooms have cable TV, VCRs and phones.
All guest rooms have ceiling fans and queen beds.
All guest rooms have ceiling fans, air conditioning and are located on the second floor.
All guest rooms have central air conditioning and ceiling fans.
All guest rooms have central heating and en-suite facilities.
All guest rooms have climate control, radio, color tv, phone, refrigerator, and some with a balcony.
All guest rooms have color TV, phone and radio.
All guest rooms have comfortable robes and hairdryers, as well as VCRs in every room.
All guest rooms have computer ports, dual jacks on phone lines and voice mail.
All guest rooms have ensuite bathrooms and are individually temperature controlled.
All guest rooms have en-suite bathrooms.
All guest rooms have everything needed to make everyone's stay comfortable and enjoyable.
All guest rooms have excellent ocean views.
All guest rooms have fireplaces, TVs with VCRs and private baths.
All guest rooms have full en-suite facilities.
All guest rooms have full private bath, queen size bed, and are centrally air conditioned.
All guest rooms have full private baths and telephones.
All guest rooms have gorgeous views of either the snow-dusted peaks or the pristine mountain meadow.
All guest rooms have hair dryers and clock radios.
All guest rooms have in-room television and telephone, and exquisite antiques.
All guest rooms have king size beds and private baths, some are handicap accessible.
All guest rooms have kitchenettes and the suites have full kitchens.
All guest rooms have luxury bathrooms featuring a heated towel rack.
All guest rooms have microwaves, refrigerators, color television, cable, phones and private baths.
All guest rooms have mosaic tile and marble private baths with showers and jetted whirlpool tubs.
All guest rooms have new carpet, paint, wall paper, data-port telephones and new amenities.
All guest rooms have ocean views.
All guest rooms have private balconies with views of either the bar or city skyline.
All guest rooms have private bath and television.
All guest rooms have private bath, phones, and individual climate control.
All guest rooms have private bath.
All guest rooms have private bathrooms and direct dial telephones.
All guest rooms have private bathrooms and wonderful views of the valley.
All guest rooms have private bathrooms, cable TV, complimentary refreshments and breakfast included.
All guest rooms have private bathrooms, fireplaces, air conditioners, and queen-size beds.
All guest rooms have private bathrooms, telephones and air conditioning.
All guest rooms have private baths access to a second floor balcony.
All guest rooms have private baths and are decorated with comfortable country furnishings.
All guest rooms have private baths and are furnished with king sized or twin beds.
All guest rooms have private baths and entrances.
All guest rooms have private baths and in-room phones.
All guest rooms have private baths with tub and shower.
All guest rooms have private baths, a telephone and television.
All guest rooms have private baths, air conditioning, and color televisions.
All guest rooms have private baths, and many are upgraded suites.
All guest rooms have private baths, beautiful linens and plenty of soft pillows.
All guest rooms have private baths, cable TV and telephones.
All guest rooms have private baths, cable TV, phones, and are fully air-conditioned.
All guest rooms have private baths, color TV and air conditioning.
All guest rooms have private baths, some with double whirlpool tubs and fireplaces.
All guest rooms have private baths, TV's and queen size beds.
All guest rooms have private baths.
All guest rooms have private ensuites.
All guest rooms have private phones.
All guest rooms have private sun decks.
All guest rooms have private telephones and individual TVs.
All guest rooms have private, ensuite bath rooms, comfortablebeds and fresh air ventilation.
All guest rooms have private, modern bathrooms.
All guest rooms have queen beds, comfortable country furnishings, and private bathrooms.
All guest rooms have queen size beds and TV's.
All guest rooms have queen-sized beds, private baths with vanities.
All guest rooms have refrigerators, cable TV, most have a view of the lake.
All guest rooms have remote control color television with movie channel and a refrigerator-bar.
All guest rooms have safes, irons, ironing boards, voice mail, and hairdryers.
All guest rooms have spectacular water views from their private balconies.
All guest rooms have stunning but different sea views.
All guest rooms have superb beds, private baths, desks with dataports and telephones.
All guest rooms have superb beds, private baths, duvets and telephones.
All guest rooms have telephones with voice mail and modem outlets.
All guest rooms have TV, clock radio and telephones.
All guest rooms have two double beds.
All guest rooms have variable speed reversible ceiling fans.
All guest rooms meet international quality standards.
All guest rooms offer a full breakfast.
All guest rooms offer a queen-sized bed and private bathroom.
All guest rooms offer private bath and most have fireplaces.
All guest rooms offer private bath.
All guest rooms offer private bathrooms and personal touches.
All guest rooms offer private baths and working fireplaces.
All guest rooms offer quality amenities for both business and pleasure travelers.
All guest rooms offer spectacular harbor views.
All guest rooms offer standard amenities, including coffee makers and hairdryers.
All guest rooms offer the comfort and convenience of a full-service hotel.
All guest rooms provide a selection of custom bath amenities.
All guest rooms reflect the essence of the Southwest with luxurious decor.
Every guest room commands a spectacular bay view.
Every guest room enjoys a panoramic view of our pine forest and the expanse of the Pacific Ocean.
Every guest room features a mini-refrigerator, coffeemaker and personal safe.
Every guest room has a phone.
Every guest room has a private bath and air conditioning.
Every guest room has telephone, bathroom and TV-set.
Every guest room includes an iron, ironing board, hair dryer, coffee pot and complimentary coffee.
Every guest room is equipped with an extra vanity and refrigerator.
Every guest room is heated with a direct vent, gas-burning fireplace.
Every guest room offers a large balcony overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
Every guest room opens onto a private balcony or patio facing the sea.
Every guest room overlooks the ocean, affording magnificient views and gentle breezes.
Many guest rooms have a four-poster bed with a canopy, and some have a working fireplace.
Many guest rooms have a view of the water.
Many guest rooms have harbour views and the other rooms have either a city or courtyard view.
Many guest rooms have views of the ocean.
Many guest rooms overlook the harbor.
Most guest rooms are air-conditioned.
Most guest rooms are Japanese style.
Most guest rooms have balconies or porches and harbor views.
Most guest rooms have bay views.
Most guest rooms have fishnet canopied beds while our suites have beautiful gas stove fireplaces.
Most guest rooms have private bath, air conditioning, brass beds, quilts and antiques.
Most guest rooms have some view of the surrounding gardens.
Most guest rooms have spectacular ocean views, some with fireplaces, and king size beds.
Most guest rooms have the option of opening an adjacent kitchen in order to make an efficiency unit.
Most guest rooms have two single beds.
Most guest rooms have working fireplaces as do the parlor and the library in the common area.
Some guest rooms are more formal with high ceilings and working, woodburning fireplaces.
Some guest rooms feature a whirlpool and wet bar area.
Some guest rooms have a private bathroom with a bath or a shower.
Some guest rooms have a private bathroom, ask for one in advance if required.
Some guest rooms have fireplaces.
Some guest rooms have hardwood floors, antique furnishings, four poster beds and oriental carpets.
Some guest rooms have kitchens or fireplaces.
Some guest rooms have older style decor.
Some guest rooms have private balcony or patio.
Some guest rooms have private entrances.
Some guest rooms have private plunge pools on ocean view sundecks.
Some guest rooms have working fireplaces which are set for guests to enjoy.
Some guest rooms offer fireplaces or whirlpool baths, with suites and apartments also available.
Some guest rooms offer mountain views.
Some guest rooms offer two twin beds.
Guest speaker gives talk about working, studying, and living in Singapore.
Guest speaker presents information.
Guest speakers accompany all cruises.
Guest speakers address larger issues of interest.
Guest speakers address pertinent business related issues.
Guest speakers address such topics as disability rights laws and innovations in technology.
Guest speakers address the role of food in women s lives.
Guest speakers address various hospitality management topics.
Guest speakers aid members in furthering their contacts in chemistry.
Guest speakers alternate with informal discussion.
Guest speakers appear from time to time by invitation.
Guest speakers are a different story.
Guest speakers are a regular feature of monthly meetings.
Guest speakers are a regular feature of the programme.
Guest speakers are address topics of specific expertise.
Guest speakers are also a component of disseminating pertinent information.
Guest speakers are also an integral part of the program.
Guest speakers are also available.
Guest speakers are also on the roster including a prominent entertainment lawyer and accountant.
Guest speakers are always welcome.
Guest speakers are an important component of the program.
Guest speakers are available to discuss local public health concerns.
Guest speakers are common.
Guest speakers are frequent.
Guest speakers are leaders and entrepreneurs whose insights can be beneficial to student careers.
Guest speakers are lined up for the spring semester.
Guest speakers are located in conferences.
Guest speakers are located in demonstrations.
Guest speakers are more likely to come to a first hour class with the later start time.
Guest speakers are often a highlight of each week.
Guest speakers are part of the program.
Guest speakers are renowned authors of recent historical works.
Guest speakers are subject to change.
Guest speakers are tentatively to speak on marketing and other associated topics.
Guest speakers are the most common recipients.
Guest speakers are to be announced within the next few weeks.
Guest speakers are typically professional astronomers, authors, or other well known amateurs.
Guest speakers are varied and interesting and come from all walks of life.
Guest speakers are very important to the student branch.
Guest speakers are welcome.
Guest speakers attend our meetings on a regular basis.
Guest speakers attend periodically.
Guest speakers attend the monthly meetings.
Guest speakers bring insights to the many topics under discussion.
Guest speakers bring many perspectives of international health care experiences.
Guest speakers bring practical experience to the classroom.
Guest speakers bring to the course the reality of the current business community.
Guest speakers can add diversity to the material presentation.
Guest speakers can be an asset for career awareness.
Guest speakers can give an overview of what their role in the community is.
Guest speakers can serve the same purpose.
Guest speakers come from across the United States, Canada and Europe.
Guest speakers come from various institutions and their lectures are often illustrated with slides.
Guest speakers come into our classes and share their knowledge on specific topics.
Guest speakers come into the classrooms for multicultural areas.
Guest speakers come to campus.
Guest speakers come to the chat network to interact with visitors from time to time.
Guest speakers contribute their experience to the taught units.
Guest speakers cover a diversity of topics.
Guest speakers cover a variety of topics.
Guest speakers cover specific areas of expertise.
Guest speakers describe their world wide travels exploring plants in natural habitats.
Guest speakers discuss a variety of subjects.
Guest speakers discuss career opportunities and recruiters' expectations of candidates.
Guest speakers discuss conditions unique to the Appalachian area and treatment.
Guest speakers discuss everything from real estate to business plan writing.
Guest speakers discuss issues including the latest trends and technologies affecting their field.
Guest speakers discuss real-world examples of the various aspects of quality management.
Guest speakers discuss real-world marketing strategies and offer career advice.
Guest speakers discuss specific elements of Southern politics.
Guest speakers discuss their careers and provide motivation and encouragement.
Guest speakers discuss their experiences working in film and television.
Guest speakers discuss their public relations challenges and solutions.
Guest speakers discuss topical issues and events.
Guest speakers discuss topics of interest with education majors.
Guest speakers discuss topics pertaining to animal welfare.
Guest speakers discuss topics such as advertising research, media buying and creative execution.
Guest speakers discuss topics such as advertising research, media buying, and creative execution.
Guest speakers discuss topics that are timely and requested by the membership.
Guest speakers do occasionally attend the group.
Guest speakers do sermons on the topic.
Guest speakers do usually attend the group.
Guest speakers entertain and instruct the children.
Guest speakers form other disciplines are invited to several of the class meetings.
Guest speakers give an industry perspective.
Guest speakers give interesting and timely talks or demonstrations about some aspect of computers.
Guest speakers give presentations in the student lounge.
Guest speakers give talks on different topics which range from expert to just plan entertaining.
Guest speakers have a national and international reputation in their area of expertise.
Guest speakers have talks on various aspects of the geophysics profession.
Guest speakers help seniors keep informed about current events that affect their lives.
Guest speakers help students gain insight into the types of jobs available upon graduation.
Guest speakers inform membership of new technologies and job opportunities.
Guest speakers introduce participants to issues that are specific to the childcare industry.
Guest speakers keep the members up to date on the latest transportation news.
Guest speakers lead each workshop, and a light breakfast is served.
Guest speakers lecture frequently.
Guest speakers lecture in their area of business expertise.
Guest speakers lecture on current issues and offer their real-world experiences.
Guest speakers lecture on internet modeling, legal matters, and health and nutrition.
Guest speakers make presentations on their experiences in professional practice.
Guest speakers offer specialized knowledge in the area of criminal justice.
Guest speakers present a variety of topics of interest to our members.
Guest speakers present current issues at selected meetings.
Guest speakers present on a variety of topics that are specific for the diabetic patient.
Guest speakers present on a vast array of business topics.
Guest speakers present the course content.
Guest speakers provide additional exposure to major areas of modern chemistry.
Guest speakers provide expertise on topics such as legal structure, insurance, record keeping.
Guest speakers provide food for thought, the babies supply comic relief.
Guest speakers provide information and insight into the job market and job search.
Guest speakers provide information of local community concern and interest.
Guest speakers provide information on programs and services available.
Guest speakers provide information on various topics of interest.
Guest speakers provide information tailored to assist local medical office personnel in their jobs.
Guest speakers provide informative and intellectual programs.
Guest speakers provide insight into current political, social, and scientific thought.
Guest speakers provide insight into topics of specialization.
Guest speakers provide stimulating programs and discussions.
Guest speakers range from admissions deans and health care providers to current medical students.
Guest speakers range from representatives of a non-profit organization to a alligator trainer.
Guest speakers report on their research to students and staff.
Guest speakers report to students and staff on their research.
Guest speakers report to students and staff on thier research.
Guest speakers representing various aspects of engineering practice speak at weekly lunch meetings.
Guest speakers review current work in meteorology.
Guest speakers share industry expertise.
Guest speakers share their basketball experiences.
Guest speakers share their experience and theoretical insights.
Guest speakers share their expertise and real-world working experiences.
Guest speakers share their expertise on a wide array of gardening topics.
Guest speakers share their insights on a variety of musical topics.
Guest speakers spend two-thirds of their presentation answering direct questions.
Guest speakers spotlight public and private sector job opportunities.
Guest speakers supplement text content with actual cases.
Guest speakers supplement text with actual cases.
Guest speakers supplement the program.
Guest speakers supplement the regular program.
Guest speakers talk about child-related issues.
Guest speakers talk on a variety of topics.
Guest speakers talk on related topics.
Guest speakers talk on topics like negotiations, communications and technology.
Guest speakers talk on topics of interest to our community.
Guest speakers talk on various subjects concerning the history of our county.
Guest speakers use the web to varying degrees for their presentations.
Guest speakers visit the club members to share their experiences with the group.
All guest speakers are subject to change without prior notification.
All guest speakers are volunteers.
Many guest speakers come to the class with expertise and personal stories.
Many guest speakers join the LA section of the course.
Guest stars add nice touches to Sailing To Philadelphia.
Guest stars are the world's greatest magicians.
Guest stars come from around the world.
Any guest star plays themselves.
Guest vocalists are available.
Guest vocalists assist on nearly every track, and are given ample room to breathe.
A guest worker is a workman
Many guest workers come to the United States in anticipation of becoming permanent immigrants.
A guest is a visitor
Guest accounts for prospective fellows help in the recruiting effort.
Guest accounts Guest accounts are set up for a maximum of one year.
Guest accounts on trusted domains never come into play.
Guest accounts, however, require the explicit intervention of the system administrator.
Guest appearances Combined activities with another class.
Guest are always welcome at our monthly meetings.
Guest are always welcome at the breakfast meeting.
Guest are always welcome at the meetings and are encouraged to bid on any items they wish.
Guest are always welcome,come on down and join the action.
Guest are always welcome.
Guest awakens, and looks about.
Guest beds all come with snuggly down comforters.
Guest cabins with fireplaces and kitchenettes are available, as is a large meeting hall.
Guest can walk directly from the hotel onto the beach.
Guest check back up.
Guest conduct the Orchestra and participate in symphony performances and rehearsals.
Guest drums welcome.
Guest edited by experts in the field, they provide a balanced analysis of the subject at hand.
Guest enjoy dining at one of the town's exceptional restaurants.
Guest enjoy playing pool, ping-pong or a game or chess or cards in the rec room.
Guest enjoy privacy, tranquility, personalized service, elegance and sumptuous candlelight dining.
Guest find tag mates, check in with host to verify correct matches and claim prizes.
Guest furnishes all personal gear.
Guest have access to all amenities in the village.
Guest have access to chapel.
Guest have access to laundry room and refrigerator with ice maker.
Guest have access to nearby fitness centers with racquetball and squash courts.
Guest have access to patio and watch beautiful sunsets.
Guest have access to the beautiful lawn and fynbos garden.
Guest have access to the recreational facilities, including weight and fitness rooms and a pool.
Guest have refrigerators and microwaves for theis convenience.
Guest have several rooms to relax in.
Guest isa visitor.
Guest lectures on topics to be announced.
Guest lectures to the course are open to all interested faculty and students.
Guest lodges nearby offer comfortable accommodations.
Guest passes allow the guest to come unaccompanied by the member.
Guest passes available for members upon joining.
Guest passes available.
Guest passes based on gift levels.
Guest passes for visitors to our area are available.
Guest passes prices, and policies subject to change.
Guest performing artists provide equally important experiences.
Guest pets welcome with some restrictions.
Guest plays a fishing-shop owner with a prize bloodhound.
Guest providing their own food are welcome to dine here as well.
Guest ranches and guided hunting trips are available.
Guest ranches throughout the area offer horseback riding, cook-outs and hay rides.
Guest receives meetingmaker proposal via e-mail.
Guest replies coming in at a rate of some per period of time.
Guest sail to Shaw Park beach where they can swim.
Guest slips as available.
Guest slips available.
Guest slips by day only.
Guest slips by the day or week.
Guest slips sometimes available by week or month.
Guest slips when available.
Guest speakers every month.
Guest speakers present lectures on their activities and responsibilities in site planning.
Guest spkr ea mo.
Guest starring roles and movies of the week can be a blast, but they come and go so quickly.
Guest stars Ep.
Guest staterooms with twin beds that can be converted to king size.
Guest stay in double occupancy rooms.
Guest tempers the pain with gentle humor.
Guest writers to assist when possible.
Guest writers with questions and answers from subscribers.
Guests accept responsibility for damages.
Guests acknowledge that they have no special dietary requirements.
Guests actually feel special effects and other surprises as part of the movie-viewing experience.
Guests add horns, bombarde, bagpipes, drums, electric guitar, bass and vocals.
Guests add to the sense of celebration.
Guests addressing specific, relevant issues appear on each program.
Guests adore the romantic and airy guest rooms.
Guests agree to pay the postage required to return lost property.
Guests also appreciate the direct-dial telephones and a color cable television in every room.
Guests also are welcome to bring their own equine companion.
Guests also benefit from a separate dining room and lounge.
Guests also bring a picnic lunch to share with their special student.
Guests also can enjoy the new snow tubing park.
Guests also can explore the station's history in the museum.
Guests also can make their way up the hillside on a self-guided tour.
Guests also can register to win one of two special pieces of animation art.
Guests also can reserve a sack lunch.
Guests also can reserve a wide variety of condominiums, and chalet homes.
Guests also can tour the building and meet the staff.
Guests also can use comfortable great room and sun room.
Guests also can watch as a native artisan perfects crafts amid the rich, dynamic showcase of wares.
Guests also can watch handcrafted beers being brewed.
Guests also come here to visit, read, or play games.
Guests also enjoy a large pool area with a heated spa and barbecue grills.
Guests also enjoy a sampling of hors d' oeuvres and desserts from our local restaurateurs.
Guests also enjoy a special opportunity to pet a few of the zoo's gentler critters.
Guests also enjoy afternoon tea daily.
Guests also enjoy close proximity to the kitchen and the refrigerator.
Guests also enjoy complementary beverages and evening snacks.
Guests also enjoy complimentary access to the health club and spa.
Guests also enjoy congregating on the spacious wrap-around veranda, or on the sunny deck.
Guests also enjoy convenient parking.
Guests also enjoy cooking classes and theme cooking weekends.
Guests also enjoy cross country skiing and downhill sledding on the ranch.
Guests also enjoy free parking daily.
Guests also enjoy free use of beach chairs, beach mats, towels and coolers.
Guests also enjoy heated outdoor swimming, Hot tubs massage service and multi-lingual concierge.
Guests also enjoy impeccable service, gourmet food and comforts that are unique in the world today.
Guests also enjoy indoor recreation, nature trails, and a beautiful outdoor chapel.
Guests also enjoy our hottub, sauna, massage, and views of the ocean, mountain, or nearby creek.
Guests also enjoy our nightly sunset celebration and live entertainment.
Guests also enjoy panoramic views of the surrounding mountains from their private balconies.
Guests also enjoy private beach for sunsets and swimming.
Guests also enjoy relaxing in our indoor heated pool , or on the outdoor patio.
Guests also enjoy sitting in front of the fireplace at the end of a long day on the water.
Guests also enjoy strolling over the farm with a picnic basket and feeding the horses and ducks.
Guests also enjoy the convenience of re-entering their locker anytime during their visit.
Guests also enjoy the cross-country in the State Park.
Guests also enjoy the newly remodeled ranch guest house next to the corrals.
Guests also enjoy the outdoor pool.
Guests also enjoy the pristine winter experience of snowshoeing.
Guests also enjoy the ranch s spacious library with numerous books.
Guests also enjoy the rocking chair porch, horseshoe pit, and reading material in the drawing room.
Guests also enjoy watching the deer as they graze through the fields.
Guests also find pleasure in meeting and talking to other people in such a pleasant setting.
Guests also get access to the hotel's spa which has two swimming pools, a sauna and a jacuzzi.
Guests also have a chance to win a free custom background and banner in a monthly contest.
Guests also have a choice of three types of accommodations - designed to fit most budgets.
Guests also have a lot of fun with our paddle boat.
Guests also have a phone for incoming calls.
Guests also have access to a comfortable lounge that leads to the drawing room.
Guests also have access to a dry sauna, steam cabinets and a Japanese hot tub.
Guests also have access to all kinds of free use and valuablediscounts of numerous hotel services.
Guests also have access to an fully-equipped exercise room.
Guests also have access to an indoor pool and whirlpool.
Guests also have access to an ironing board and blow-dryer.
Guests also have access to and use of the swimming pool on the premises.
Guests also have access to extra refrigerator with ice maker and laundry facility.
Guests also have access to in room cable television services.
Guests also have access to the hotel s private shuttle van.
Guests also have access to the indoor lap pool, TV lounge, laundry facilities and cafeteria.
Guests also have access to their private ranch ponds.
Guests also have an opportunity to enjoy dining on two patios outside the Plaza Level food courts.
Guests also have an opportunity to meet the speakers at a reception after the lecture.
Guests also have free access to a full-scale gym with extensive facilities across the road.
Guests also have free use of the health and fitness facilities in the hotel.
Guests also have optional sheet and towel washing service.
Guests also have the exclusive use of a warm and welcoming sitting room, with television.
Guests also have the opportunity to taste several wines for an additional price.
Guests also have the option of transferring into one of our seats.
Guests also have the option to create their own breakfast.
Guests also have the peace of mind of a well-lit private parking area.
Guests also have the use of the dining room and the sitting room.
Guests also have the use of the lounge, a dining room and a games room which includes a pool table.
Guests also have the use of the lounges, dining rooms and the living room featuring a fireplace.
Guests also have their own residents lounge with colour television, and a choice of two bars.
Guests also have use of a kitchen, currency exchange and a bicycle shed.
Guests also have use of an outdoor barbecue and picnic area, with a country swing.
Guests also have use of our roof deck and sauna.
Guests also have use of the patio and the hot tub.
Guests also have video tape rentals, laundry facilities, vending area and a play area for children.
Guests also learn about the differences between, say, milk chocolate and white chocolate.
Guests also receive a complimentary continental breakfast.
Guests also receive a complimentary daily newspaper.
Guests also receive a recycling-themed coloring book and poster.
Guests also receive a table favor.
Guests also receive complimentary pressed flower bookmarks.
Guests also receive free passes to a nearby health club.
Guests also rent beach cruiser bikes, kayaks, boogie boards and other beach accessories.
Guests also see the green house, garage, car wash, pump and tank houses.
Guests also sign the certificate.
Guests also tend to take part in many of the activities available.
Guests also visit the islands and experience the local culture.
Guests appear on our show from time to time.
Guests appear on some shows.
Guests appear subject to work committments.
Guests appreciate and comment on our attention to detail and our immaculately clean home.
Guests appreciate the complimentary samples and quickly learn what they like.
Guests appreciate the opportunity to understand what they are going to hear.
Guests appreciate the privacy.
Guests are a bit spontaneous and like a bit of adventure.
Guests are able to be dropped off on the North side of Eisenhower Auditorium closer to the building.
Guests are able to choose from four rooms filled with antiques, collectibles, and family pictures.
Guests are able to disembark for an afternoon excursion in Bulawayo.
Guests are able to enjoy boating, canoeing, fishing or walking safaris.
Guests are able to enjoy privacy and luxury without sacrificing location or style.
Guests are able to interact with nature in an environment of tranquillity and peace.
Guests are able to move freely from one car to the next even when the train is in motion.
Guests are able to participate without juggling several pieces of paper and books.
Guests are able to relax and find refuge from the pressures of urban life.
Guests are able to take advantage of the facilities within the vineyard.
Guests are able to tour our winery and sample the fruits of our labor.
Guests are able to walk both sides of the River on a well developed walkway.
Guests are abundant.
Guests are accompanied by an armed ranger and tracker.
Guests are adorably warm.
Guests are again private from the the main residence with their own entrance.
Guests are all dynamic and energetic.
Guests are also able to order the courses a la carte .
Guests are also eligible to race.
Guests are also free to walk through the house during open hours on that day.
Guests are also responsible for arriving on time and arriving with appropriate clothing and gear.
Guests are also responsible for disclosing any special medical, physical or dietary conditions.
Guests are also welcome from other research and teaching institutions.
Guests are also welcome to assist in the feeding or exercising of our own dogs, horses and chickens.
Guests are also welcome to bring brown-bag lunches.
Guests are also welcome to bring their own alcoholic beverages.
Guests are also welcome to come and go as they please during the day.
Guests are also welcome to enjoy our common areas.
Guests are also welcome to enjoy the outdoor swimming pool, the beach service, and the shops.
Guests are also welcome to pick the many raspberries and cranberries around the cabin.
Guests are also welcome to use our kitchen to prepare their own meals.
Guests are also welcome to use the family room on the firstfloor.
Guests are also welcome to use the television lounge.
Guests are also welcome to view the farm animals.
Guests are also welcome to work out in the health club or take a dip in the swimming pool.
Guests are also welcome.
Guests are always a welcome addition to our meetings.
Guests are always eligible for the door prize awarded each meeting night.
Guests are always eligible for the door prize awarded that night.
Guests are always impressed.
Guests are always most welcome.
Guests are always very welcome to attend, as long as they RSVP first.
Guests are always welcome .
Guests are always welcome and encouraged to attend services.
Guests are always welcome and encouraged to attend.
Guests are always welcome and encouraged to come.
Guests are always welcome and encouraged.
Guests are always welcome and introduced at the beginning of each meeting.
Guests are always welcome and reservations for the meal are required.
Guests are always welcome and warmly greeted.
Guests are always welcome at all of our activities.
Guests are always welcome at all of our meetings.
Guests are always welcome at any meeting.
Guests are always welcome at either liturgy.
Guests are always welcome at Kiwanis meetings.
Guests are always welcome at meetings and outings.
Guests are always welcome at meetings.
Guests are always welcome at our chapter meetings.
Guests are always welcome at our meeting.
Guests are always welcome at our meetings.
Guests are always welcome at our services.
Guests are always welcome at our star parties.
Guests are always welcome at the chapel.
Guests are always welcome because of the outstanding speakers on contemporary issues.
Guests are always welcome in our meetings.
Guests are always welcome in the kitchen, where coffee, teas, and fresh fruit are always available.
Guests are always welcome in the wheelhouse.
Guests are always welcome into our house.
Guests are always welcome to any of our meetings.
Guests are always welcome to any of the Northern California Chapter meetings.
Guests are always welcome to attend meetings.
Guests are always welcome to attend our meetings.
Guests are always welcome to attend the meetings.
Guests are always welcome to attend.
Guests are always welcome to browse members by age-range and geographic area.
Guests are always welcome to come and meet their fellow modelers.
Guests are always welcome to come.
Guests are always welcome to eat with the residents.
Guests are always welcome to explore and read our help and background files.
Guests are always welcome to join our events.
Guests are always welcome to log on to our broadcasts.
Guests are always welcome to opt out of activities and relax around the resort.
Guests are always welcome to our meetings.
Guests are always welcome to our meets.
Guests are always welcome to participate in our activities.
Guests are always welcome to stop by for a delicious home cooked meal any day of the week.
Guests are always welcome to visit our center.
Guests are always welcome too.
Guests are always welcome, and car-pooling is possible on most trips.
Guests are always welcome, as long as they ask questions.
Guests are always welcome, as the table just seems to grow.
Guests are always welcome.
Guests are always Welcome.
Guests are Always welcome.
Guests are always welcomes.
Guests are amazed at the beauty of the scenery and the striking architecture of the resort itself.
Guests are awe-struck at their first glance of the beauty.
Guests are booked on a first come-first serve basis, so immediate response is recommended.
Guests are customers.
Guests are eligible for the door prize awarded at the meeting.
Guests are eligible for the door prize awarded that night.
Guests are encouraged to pet most of the animals and ask lots of questions.
Guests are encourages to dress in medieval or olde fashioned costumes.
Guests are even welcome at campus dining locations for a nominal fee.
Guests are even welcome to join in the ploughing, planting and harvesting if they want.
Guests are exempt from golfing surcharges.
Guests are financially responsible for the entire duration of their reservation.
Guests are financially responsible for the full length of their reservation.
Guests are financially responsible for their entire reservation period.
Guests are financially responsible for their entire stay.
Guests are free to ask for early morning tea or coffee, and room service is always available.
Guests are free to bow out on any of the activities.
Guests are free to bring their own provisions and drinks on board.
Guests are free to choose from a wide range of preset menus for a banquet or catering function.
Guests are free to come and go between performances.
Guests are free to do as much or little as they want.
Guests are free to do as much, or as little, as they want.
Guests are free to eat and drink outside or on the poolside surrounds during the course of the day.
Guests are free to enjoy the garden from their own entrance.
Guests are free to explore the grounds and enjoy the views.
Guests are free to explore the port before and after the cruise.
Guests are free to hike on the property.
Guests are free to hike, walk, fish, relax and enjoy the scenery.
Guests are free to lounge in the salon, dining area, garden deck and kitchen.
Guests are free to participate as much, or as little, as they desire.
Guests are free to participate in stimulating dialogue.
Guests are free to play any games but features are limited.
Guests are free to sit in our tranquil garden.
Guests are free to sleep, read, chat, or go for long walks.
Guests are free to spend the day at leisure, hunting clues and exploring the area.
Guests are free to stay all night, or leave and return throughout the event.
Guests are free to stop in or leave at any time.
Guests are free to stroll around the working kitchen garden and the formal lawns.
Guests are free to take pictures of the Commencement activities.
Guests are free to use all areas including the kitchen, pool and jacuzzi.
Guests are free to use our relaxation room and indoor swimming pool.
Guests are free to use the ocean kayaks, boogie boards, and snorkel gear provided with the property.
Guests are free to wander along the fields and mountain if they wish.
Guests are free to wander around the estate.
Guests are free to wander on our graded paths around the tranquil lakes and orchard.
Guests are free.
Guests are from all areas of county government and the private nonprofit community.
Guests are from all over the world and live in a shelter or transitional housing unit.
Guests are fully responsible for any damage to property and equipment.
Guests are furnished terry cloth robes and a choice of pillows.
Guests are given their own frontdoor keycard, so they can come and go as they please.
Guests are interested in the host's knowledge of their community.
Guests are invited to relax in the lounge area by the fireplace.
Guests are just that, guests.
Guests are less fussy before noon and the atmosphere seems more relaxed.
Guests are less likely to drink excessively when standard measures are used.
Guests are limited to immediate family of reserve, active-duty or retired personnel.
Guests are limited to one shopping trip per month.
Guests are limited to read-only access.
Guests are located in fraternity houses.
Guests are located in front doors.
Guests are located in hotels.
Guests are located in motels.
Guests are more likely to arrive at an event already in a festive mood.
Guests are more than welcome so bring a gaggle.
Guests are more than welcome to post on articles.
Guests are more than welcome to post.
Guests are more than welcome to use our extensive, secluded lawns for sunbathing and relaxing.
Guests are more than welcome to view videos in the library's viewing room.
Guests are more than welcome.
Guests are most welcome but reservations are required.
Guests are most welcome in the course.
Guests are most welcome.
Guests are no more fashionably dressed than for an appointment with the optometrist.
Guests are now ready for salads.
Guests are of course welcome.
Guests are on their own for lunch.
Guests are on their own for noon and evening meals.
Guests are only able to view a small sample of our library.
Guests are people.
Guests are politicians or academics, others are ordinary citizens.
Guests are pre-registered and checked in directly.
Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card upon check-in.
Guests are responsible couples and singles.
Guests are responsible docking fees and having fun.
Guests are responsible for all charges.
Guests are responsible for all nights hosts are unable to re-book.
Guests are responsible for all requested reservation dates.
Guests are responsible for all reservations made.
Guests are responsible for all shipping charges to return any claimed articles.
Guests are responsible for any damage to cottages, boats or motors.
Guests are responsible for any damage, loss or injury.
Guests are responsible for any damages incured.
Guests are responsible for any tickets incurred during their stay.
Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pet.
Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets.
Guests are responsible for damage costs caused to the unit.
Guests are responsible for damage to boats and motors.
Guests are responsible for damages to all rental equipment.
Guests are responsible for departure tax payment at the airport.
Guests are responsible for doing their own personal, bath, and bed linens.
Guests are responsible for entire booking.
Guests are responsible for feeding, clean up and actions of their horses.
Guests are responsible for feeding, clean-up and actions of their horses.
Guests are responsible for full length of confirmed reservation.
Guests are responsible for full payment of reservation on arrival.
Guests are responsible for full value of loss or damage to apartment.
Guests are responsible for group safety at the lake.
Guests are responsible for individual hotel arrangements.
Guests are responsible for keeping their own areas clean.
Guests are responsible for making reservations with the hotels.
Guests are responsible for making their own beds.
Guests are responsible for making their own reservations for accommodations.
Guests are responsible for meals and transportation, such as airfare, to the base city.
Guests are responsible for paying babysitters.
Guests are responsible for payment of all nights, regardless of their actual arrival or departure.
Guests are responsible for payment of bills at checkout.
Guests are responsible for payment of damaged pieces.
Guests are responsible for personal transportation.
Guests are responsible for physical damage to rented equipment.
Guests are responsible for picking up after their pets and providing a means to do so.
Guests are responsible for providing all food items including seasonings and condiments.
Guests are responsible for providing roommate names.
Guests are responsible for providing their own alarm clocks.
Guests are responsible for providing their own food, cookware and bedding.
Guests are responsible for rented equipment.
Guests are responsible for reservations made.
Guests are responsible for the cleanup of their area.
Guests are responsible for the conduct and any damage done by members of their party.
Guests are responsible for the conduct of, and damage done by pets.
Guests are responsible for the cost of dinner.
Guests are responsible for the entire length of reservation.
Guests are responsible for the entire length of their confirmed reservations.
Guests are responsible for the entire period of their reservations.
Guests are responsible for the entire reservation.
Guests are responsible for the entire time booked.
Guests are responsible for the full balance upon checkout.
Guests are responsible for the full length of their reservation.
Guests are responsible for the maintenance of their units.
Guests are responsible for their entire reservation.
Guests are responsible for their individual rooms.
Guests are responsible for their own housekeeping during their stay.
Guests are responsible for their own transportation and all other meals.
Guests are responsible for their own travel, food and lodging expenses.
Guests are responsible for themselves during their stay.
Guests are responsible for timely departure.
Guests are solely responsible for the content of their own messages.
Guests are steps from the inn's playground , grounds and scenic beach path .
Guests are subject to all rules that apply to members.
Guests are subject to availibility.
Guests are subject to search.
Guests are subject to strict rules of proper behavior.
Guests are subject to the same regulations as residents.
Guests are subject to the same rules and regulations as all residents.
Guests are subject to their availability.
Guests are sure to appreciate the business center, fitness center, and sky-lit indoor lap pool.
Guests are sure to be charmed and entertained.
Guests are sure to enjoy nearby shopping, sightseeing, and various boating activities.
Guests are sure to enjoy the large range of facilities, including a kitchen in every room.
Guests are sure to feel pampered when they start with Maine crab cakes.
Guests are sure to love the three spacious, romantic bedrooms with bay views and cool breezes.
Guests are sure to turn their heads.
Guests are the central players.
Guests are the direct responsibility of the host member.
Guests are the responsibility of the accompanying member at all times.
Guests are then free for dinner at a restaurant of their choice.
Guests are then welcome to spend the balance of the day enjoying the facilities.
Guests are thrilled to receive a memento that is uniquely useful.
Guests are to be accompanied by a club member at all times.
Guests are to be served juices, cakes, and other confectionery.
Guests are to bring a covered dish.
Guests are to conduct themselves in accordance with all rules governing campus students.
Guests are to enter from the north, east, or west entrances.
Guests are to organise their own visas.
Guests are to remain seated during the entire ceremony.
Guests are to respect the above stated right of the host's roommate and of the other residents.
Guests are to witness and validate the events and are paid with gifts at the end of the ceremony.
Guests are two to a room in single beds.
Guests are users with no possibility of saving anything to the system.
Guests are usually delighted to have stumbled upon an English patron.
Guests are usually more than willing to help serve refreshments or stir gravy.
Guests are usually present to observe the process.
Guests are usually welcome to attend a few meetings before deciding whether to join.
Guests are usually welcome.
Guests are very welcome at any of the meetings.
Guests are very welcome to explore and enjoy our beautiful mature south facing garden.
Guests are very welcome.
Guests are visitors to the hall, floor, or room sharing an activity or study time with a resident.
Guests are visitors.
Guests are welcome - please call a club officer to make arrangements.
Guests are welcome and all levels are encourages to attend.
Guests are welcome and crews are needed.
Guests are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Guests are welcome and encouraged to come .
Guests are welcome and encouraged to visit.
Guests are welcome and encouraged.
Guests are welcome and no reservations are required.
Guests are welcome and pay no fee.
Guests are welcome and receive two copies of the club membership.
Guests are welcome and reservations are mandatory.
Guests are welcome and the community is invited via newspaper announcements.
Guests are welcome and there is no charge.
Guests are welcome and tickets can be purchased in advance or at the door.
Guests are welcome and topics can be found beforehand on our website.
Guests are welcome and volunteer help appreciated.
Guests are welcome as always.
Guests are welcome as day visitors only.
Guests are welcome as long as seats are available.
Guests are welcome as well.
Guests are welcome at all meetings and events .
Guests are welcome at all meetings.
Guests are welcome at all of our meetings.
Guests are welcome at all of the monks' liturgies.
Guests are welcome at all regular meetings.
Guests are welcome at all times during the day and evening with a few exceptions.
Guests are welcome at any general meeting.
Guests are welcome at any meal for a nominal charge.
Guests are welcome at any of our meetings or other events.
Guests are welcome at any of our meetings.
Guests are welcome at any time.
Guests are welcome at each event.
Guests are welcome at each meeting.
Guests are welcome at every meeting.
Guests are welcome at our meetings and events.
Guests are welcome at our meetings on a one-time basis.
Guests are welcome at our meetings.
Guests are welcome at our weekly business meetings and monthly potlucks.
Guests are welcome at rehearsals at any time.
Guests are welcome at the entryway and seated in the dining room where they enjoy hearty breakfasts.
Guests are welcome at the evening events.
Guests are welcome at the fiesta, receptions, etc.
Guests are welcome at the meetings.
Guests are welcome at the range for scheduled events or when accompanied by a club member.
Guests are welcome at the same rate as meeting attendees.
Guests are welcome at worship services.
Guests are welcome by reservation.
Guests are welcome for a modest fee.
Guests are welcome for a nominal fee.
Guests are welcome for a small fee and the staff usually has no problem arranging games.
Guests are welcome for a weekend, week or more.
Guests are welcome for an additional fee.
Guests are welcome for brief conversations only.
Guests are welcome for overnight stays or retreats of several days or longer.
Guests are welcome for three meetings.
Guests are welcome here anytime.
Guests are welcome if accompanied or hosted by a member.
Guests are welcome if dressed appropriately.
Guests are welcome in student residences for a period of up to three consecutive days.
Guests are welcome in the living room to read or enjoy the coze warmth of the fireplace in winter.
Guests are welcome in the residence halls.
Guests are welcome in the wheelhouse.
Guests are welcome on all trips.
Guests are welcome on club rides, and it is easy to make new friends.
Guests are welcome on our regular rides to try out our club.
Guests are welcome on the bridge at any time.
Guests are welcome on the university's campuses.
Guests are welcome on their regular rides to try out the club.
Guests are welcome only if invited by a member.
Guests are welcome so bring a friend.
Guests are welcome there.
Guests are welcome throughout the day for information sessions, tours and refreshments.
Guests are welcome to accompany the group members to enjoy the facilities and the social events.
Guests are welcome to all club events.
Guests are welcome to any of our services.
Guests are welcome to arrange their furniture to suit their taste and comfort.
Guests are welcome to assist in the driving and tending of the herd, after some practicing.
Guests are welcome to attend a meeting or two before joining.
Guests are welcome to attend all but board meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend all meetings and events.
Guests are welcome to attend all monthly meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend all sessions.
Guests are welcome to attend and to participate in our enthusiastic audience.
Guests are welcome to attend any meeting free of charge .
Guests are welcome to attend any of the meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend any one meeting without becoming a member.
Guests are welcome to attend as well.
Guests are welcome to attend for free and to enjoy a complimentary gourmet breakfast.
Guests are welcome to attend free.
Guests are welcome to attend our meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend regular meetings free of charge.
Guests are welcome to attend the banquet.
Guests are welcome to attend the Camp Championships.
Guests are welcome to attend the meeting.
Guests are welcome to attend the meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend thebanquet.
Guests are welcome to attend three meetings before deciding whether to join.
Guests are welcome to attend three meetings before joining the club.
Guests are welcome to attend two events for FREE before deciding to become members.
Guests are welcome to attend two meetings at no charge.
Guests are welcome to attend two meetings before joining.
Guests are welcome to attend two meetings before membership is required.
Guests are welcome to attend two meetings.
Guests are welcome to attend.
Guests are welcome to be part of the worshipping community as much or as little as they wish.
Guests are welcome to bring a fan.
Guests are welcome to bring a lunch and eat during the session.
Guests are welcome to bring aboard wine, beer and soft drinks.
Guests are welcome to bring cameras and video recorders into the ballpark for personal use.
Guests are welcome to bring coolers and utensils.
Guests are welcome to bring interpreters along.
Guests are welcome to bring legal beverages.
Guests are welcome to bring their own alcoholic beverages and wine.
Guests are welcome to bring their own boat.
Guests are welcome to bring their own boats, both sail and power.
Guests are welcome to bring their own boats.
Guests are welcome to bring their own canoes.
Guests are welcome to bring their own dog.
Guests are welcome to bring their own dogs.
Guests are welcome to bring their own DVD titles and PC software.
Guests are welcome to bring their own food and make use of the facilities.
Guests are welcome to bring their own lawn chair.
Guests are welcome to bring their own lawn chairs and picnic blankets.
Guests are welcome to bring their own liquor.
Guests are welcome to bring their own movies from home.
Guests are welcome to bring their own spirits.
Guests are welcome to bring their own wine etc.
Guests are welcome to bring their own wine to have with dinner.
Guests are welcome to bring their own wine.
Guests are welcome to bring wine or champagne.
Guests are welcome to browse through the greenhouses.
Guests are welcome to buy and bring alcoholic beverages to meet their own needs.
Guests are welcome to check in early and leave their luggage.
Guests are welcome to check out of rooms, ride in the morning and stay for lunch.
Guests are welcome to come for private or group retreats or conferences.
Guests are welcome to comment about our clubs and meetings.
Guests are welcome to continue their stay in the public rooms.
Guests are welcome to dance or watch.
Guests are welcome to do their own cooking if they wish.
Guests are welcome to dress in western attire during the event.
Guests are welcome to dress up or down, for our casual welcoming environment.
Guests are welcome to drop in.
Guests are welcome to drop-in or stay the entire day.
Guests are welcome to eat at any of our facilities.
Guests are welcome to enjoy a picnic lunch on the spacious verandah overlooking the vineyards.
Guests are welcome to enjoy our barbecue facilities in our secluded patio area.
Guests are welcome to enjoy our galleries and art studios during regular hours.
Guests are welcome to enjoy our picnic grounds.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the comfortable drawing room where there is a log fire.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the fireplace and mountain views from the gracious living room.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the gardens and the terrace has magnificent westerly views.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the Inn's complimentary video library.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the lodge any time.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the nationally styled restaurant and a disco bar.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the parlor, sunroom, library and gardens.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the sauna and outdoor decks.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the TV and music room.
Guests are welcome to enjoy the walled garden and walk around the farm to look at the animals.
Guests are welcome to enjoy their breakfast in summer, read or chat here.
Guests are welcome to explore on foot or on their horse.
Guests are welcome to explore our sheep and livestock farm.
Guests are welcome to explore the garden.
Guests are welcome to fill the silence with a game of volleyball in the back yard.
Guests are welcome to fish any time.
Guests are welcome to fresh fruit, afternoon snacks, and soda in the refrigerator.
Guests are welcome to gather in the main building for television viewing or access to a piano.
Guests are welcome to go out on the deck in nice weather.
Guests are welcome to have an informative guided tour of the ostrich facility.
Guests are welcome to help our cook prepare meals.
Guests are welcome to help with the sails or take a turn at the wheel if desired.
Guests are welcome to hike on the ranch.
Guests are welcome to indulge in a spa treatment offered by one of the professionals on staff.
Guests are welcome to indulge their gardening instincts.
Guests are welcome to join all other activities.
Guests are welcome to join in.
Guests are welcome to join Ra and Leon for a gourmet home-cooked meal or casual barbecue.
Guests are welcome to join the fun.
Guests are welcome to join the sisters in church for the daily cycle of services.
Guests are welcome to join the youngsters as they dance around the maypole.
Guests are welcome to make Apple Valley home.
Guests are welcome to make themselves at home in any of several common areas.
Guests are welcome to make use of campus facilities, such as sports facilities.
Guests are welcome to make use of our laundry.
Guests are welcome to make use of the front garden area and ample private parking is available.
Guests are welcome to make use of the grounds to relax in.
Guests are welcome to make use of the swimming pool.
Guests are welcome to meet with our members.
Guests are welcome to mix or keep their privacy.
Guests are welcome to non-perishables, upon request, with time permitting.
Guests are welcome to observe the class at any time.
Guests are welcome to observe.
Guests are welcome to pack a lunch and spend the day enjoying and exploring the park.
Guests are welcome to park in any guest or campus parking lots.
Guests are welcome to participate in drawings.
Guests are welcome to pick fruit and herbs when in season.
Guests are welcome to plan their own food and refreshments or select one of the local caterers.
Guests are welcome to play along but have to pay their own way.
Guests are welcome to play the baby grand piano and to browse the gallery's artwork.
Guests are welcome to play the baby piano and to browse the gallery's artwork.
Guests are welcome to play the nearby town tennis courts.
Guests are welcome to prepare their meals in the fully equipped kitchen or on the gas barbecue.
Guests are welcome to purchase their favourites at the end of the tour.
Guests are welcome to purchase tickets.
Guests are welcome to read the messages.
Guests are welcome to register for the field trips.
Guests are welcome to relax in the attractive sitting room.
Guests are welcome to relax in the beautiful grounds which surround the hotel .
Guests are welcome to relax in the drawing room.
Guests are welcome to relax in the living and dining room common area on the first floor.
Guests are welcome to relax in the lounge.
Guests are welcome to relax with cocktails before dinner or dine at the bar.
Guests are welcome to remain in the park after the tour and enjoy one of the white-sand beaches.
Guests are welcome to rent it.
Guests are welcome to return for additional servings as often as they wish.
Guests are welcome to sample local attractions.
Guests are welcome to see a real, working ranch and take part in our everyday activities.
Guests are welcome to share in the daily life of the community, especially prayer and hospitality.
Guests are welcome to share our kitchen and dining area.
Guests are welcome to share our vegetable garden.
Guests are welcome to sit and relax in our front garden.
Guests are welcome to sit awhile on mahogany rocking benches.
Guests are welcome to sit in the garden and enjoy the Highland air.
Guests are welcome to sit in the library.
Guests are welcome to sit in the parlor put their feet up on the coffee table.
Guests are welcome to sit in.
Guests are welcome to sit out in the garden after a long day.
Guests are welcome to sit out on the patio and enjoy the garden.
Guests are welcome to smoke in our gardens.
Guests are welcome to smoke on our covered porch overlooking the valley.
Guests are welcome to smoke on the deck or patio.
Guests are welcome to smoke on the grounds.
Guests are welcome to smoke on the patios.
Guests are welcome to smoke on the veranda and designated outdoor areas only please.
Guests are welcome to smoke outdoors.
Guests are welcome to socialize on the deck or in any of the inn's comfortable common rooms.
Guests are welcome to stand in a designated area to observe the draw.
Guests are welcome to stay after check-out and enjoy the grounds until their departure.
Guests are welcome to stay at the Lake after checkout.
Guests are welcome to stay for up to a week.
Guests are welcome to stay in the college residence.
Guests are welcome to stay in the staff house as room permits.
Guests are welcome to stay on board for an early start.
Guests are welcome to stay on longer.
Guests are welcome to stay on their boats.
Guests are welcome to stay overnight at the campsight anytime.
Guests are welcome to stay through the mid-afternoon and enjoy the surroundings.
Guests are welcome to take a dip in the pool.
Guests are welcome to take a peek at objects members have found in the telescopes.
Guests are welcome to take breakfast in the farmhouse any morning.
Guests are welcome to take part in the regular ranch life and the spring and fall cattle roundups.
Guests are welcome to take part or all of an apple.
Guests are welcome to take the helm while under sail.
Guests are welcome to the area, but please call in advance to make arrangements for a visit.
Guests are welcome to the goodies inside.
Guests are welcome to tour the building and visit the dorm rooms.
Guests are welcome to tube from Leakey down to River Haven.
Guests are welcome to use a small den adjoining the room as well as the rooms on the main floor.
Guests are welcome to use gardens and sit in the hosts' sitting room.
Guests are welcome to use our comfortable sitting room.
Guests are welcome to use our laundry facilites at no extra cost.
Guests are welcome to use our laundry room.
Guests are welcome to use our outdoor heated pool, located nearby.
Guests are welcome to use our porch.
Guests are welcome to use sundeck, barbecue, library and kitchen.
Guests are welcome to use the adjacent sitting room if they wish.
Guests are welcome to use the barbecue and dinghy, and the beachchairs and towels for swimming.
Guests are welcome to use the barbecues.
Guests are welcome to use the barbeque for casual meals.
Guests are welcome to use the BBQ and kitchen facilities to prepare their own meals.
Guests are welcome to use the beach chairs and coolers provided with each unit.
Guests are welcome to use the bright and cozy living room.
Guests are welcome to use the club's dining and bar facilities which are adjacent to the resort.
Guests are welcome to use the dining room, bar, fitness center and reading room in all of the clubs.
Guests are welcome to use the downstairs living room and yard.
Guests are welcome to use the facilities at other times to prepare snacks or meals.
Guests are welcome to use the free Internet access, as well.
Guests are welcome to use the garden and our heated outdoor swimming pool.
Guests are welcome to use the garden as their own.
Guests are welcome to use the garden.
Guests are welcome to use the host's phone and kitchen.
Guests are welcome to use the kitchenette facilities for their own meals.
Guests are welcome to use the kitchenette to prepare light meals or their own lunches.
Guests are welcome to use the large covered patio.
Guests are welcome to use the large sitting room and library.
Guests are welcome to use the living room and dining room at any time during their stay.
Guests are welcome to use the lounge at any time during their visit.
Guests are welcome to use the lounge, warmed by the woodburning stove in the winter.
Guests are welcome to use the swimming pool.
Guests are welcome to use the weight room, exercise room, pool for seasonal swimming and spa.
Guests are welcome to view a selection of gallery images and one of the live cameras at no charge.
Guests are welcome to visit and see work in progress.
Guests are welcome to visit during the course.
Guests are welcome to visit one of our meetings.
Guests are welcome to visit our in-house stained glass studio and gift shop.
Guests are welcome to visit overnight.
Guests are welcome to visit the farm's miniature horses, sheep and goats.
Guests are welcome to visit the garden and watch the goats at milking time.
Guests are welcome to visit the garden.
Guests are welcome to visit the greenhouse when horticulturists are working.
Guests are welcome to visit.
Guests are welcome to walk around on the farm.
Guests are welcome to walk through the grounds.
Guests are welcome to wander our medieval style gardens.
Guests are welcome to wander upstairs to join their hosts or enjoy the spectacular views.
Guests are welcome to watch the daily milking of goats.
Guests are welcome to watch, video and take pictures.
Guests are welcome to wear black tuxedos with fashion accessories.
Guests are welcome to wile away the afternoon in the hammock.
Guests are welcome too.
Guests are welcome when accompanied by a member.
Guests are welcome while the try-out material is being taught.
Guests are welcome with a day pass.
Guests are welcome with no prior notice.
Guests are welcome with prior notice.
Guests are welcome, and membership is free.
Guests are welcome, as always.
Guests are welcome, but co-ops try to avoid cramming in more residents than they can hold.
Guests are welcome, but please RSVP with total number dinning.
Guests are welcome, however alumni and current brothers receive first bids.
Guests are welcome, space permitting, if accompanied by a student registered in an astronomy class.
Guests are welcome.
Guests are Welcome.
Guests are welcomed by a bahay kubo and a banca at the entrance of the gallery.
Guests are welcomed, supper is served, including bottomless cups of coffee and water.
Guests are wellcome.
Guests are wholly responsible for all room and extra charges incurred during the conference.
Guests are within minutes of some of Washington's most popular attractions.
Guests are within walking distance of hiking and ski trails.
Guests are, in fact, welcome to graze as they walk the vegetable gardens.
Guests arrange their own transportation.
Guests arrive a quarter hour before the invited time.
Guests arrive and get settled.
Guests arrive at each residence via a private paved pathway on the waterside.
Guests arrive at office.
Guests arrive at the front gate and walk up the plant-lined brick stairs to the garden terrace.
Guests arrive at their leisure during the day.
Guests arrive bringing gifts for the baby and food for the feast.
Guests arrive by their own transportation and shuttles which service Las Vegas hotels.
Guests arrive driving under the columned porte-cochere.
Guests arrive earlier are welcome to use resort facilities.
Guests arrive in our city and disembark at one of two terminals, each in a separate building.
Guests arrive in the center atrium for the dedication ceremony.
Guests arrive in the courtyard driveway, which is ideal for hosting large events.
Guests arrive in the evening when the weather is colder, and water is heated on a sunken hearth.
Guests arrive the evening beforehand, in time for dinner if wished.
Guests arrive under the columned porte-coch re .
Guests arrive via plane or ferry.
Guests arrive, and all is going well with the children having a wonderful time.
Guests arrive, and all is going well, with the children having a wonderful time.
Guests arriving by car have access to an underground car park.
Guests arriving in the afternoon are welcome to their choice of tea or wine and cheese.
Guests ascend a grand stair from the entrance lobby to reach the main level.
Guests assist with daily kitchen chores, such as serving, setting tables, and cleanup.
Guests attempt to match the answers with a person.
Guests attend introduction and then one day workshop.
Guests awake each morning to the smell of muffins baking and fresh brewed coffee.
Guests become aware of that commitment with each visit to Garland's immaculately groomed grounds.
Guests become the responsibility of the resident who grants access.
Guests begin arriving.
Guests begin their day with a hearty buffet breakfast.
Guests begin their morning with a newspaper delivered to their room.
Guests begin to gather and chat.
Guests behave themselves.
Guests benefit from properties.
Guests board a cruise yacht in the quaint port town of Seward, Alaska.
Guests board the attraction vehicle and are lifted up and around the giant wheel.
Guests book the entire boat of up to six persons.
Guests book the lavish halls for weddings and receptions throughout the year.
Guests bring a bottle of wine or dessert and hostess provides a salad.
Guests bring a bottle of wine to help build the new couple's wine collection.
Guests bring a dish or hors d'oeuvres and their own alcoholic beverages if they wish to drink.
Guests bring a gift for the exchange and there is fun and excitement while members trade gifts.
Guests bring a plate to share, and a good time is had by all.
Guests bring a recipe along with some of the equipment to prepare it.
Guests bring breakfast foods from their refrigerators and chew over plans for the day.
Guests bring food and sleeping bags.
Guests bring gifts for the gracious host.
Guests bring gifts, and relatives help out.
Guests bring one dish for the dinner.
Guests bring personal camping gear.
Guests bring raw vegetables, chips and cheap wine.
Guests bring salad or dessert.
Guests bring small gifts for the infant and for the griots as well.
Guests bring their own bed and bath linens and pillow and use the Galilee bath house.
Guests bring their own food.
Guests bring their own laundry products.
Guests bring their own snowmobiles.
Guests bring their own wine, sit back and relax.
Guests bring traditional holiday desserts.
Guests bringing their own horses are welcome to the riding trails at no extra charge.
Guests buy a gift relating to the season they have been assigned.
Guests call one telephone number, usually toll-free, to make reservations.
Guests call urgently to one another and hurry downstairs.
Guests can access an on-site swimming pool and laundry facilities.
Guests can access their email subject to the availability of their own Internet providers.
Guests can accompany members for a fee.
Guests can also arrange for private meeting rooms.
Guests can also attend.
Guests can also book trips to the villages and rivers at the resort.
Guests can also bring marshmallows for the bonfire.
Guests can also bring their own snorkeling gear.
Guests can also bring their pets.
Guests can also canoe, swim, bicycle or enjoy the evening entertainment at the resort.
Guests can also choose from two apartments with two rooms and one luxury category room.
Guests can also control the movements of a dinosaur's body.
Guests can also dine on the main aft deck.
Guests can also dive into luxury with a brand new indoor pool and spa.
Guests can also enjoy a free continental breakfast, served daily in the first-floor breakfast room.
Guests can also enjoy a night club, aperitif bar, solarium, massage parlour and hairdresser's.
Guests can also enjoy a variety of Baileys special frozen drinks and food.
Guests can also enjoy an evening by our cozy outdoor fireplace.
Guests can also enjoy an interesting selection of hot and cold foods in our cosy lounge bar.
Guests can also enjoy cable TV programming here, as well as in their bedrooms.
Guests can also enjoy complimentary use of the heated roof top pool and spa, sauna.
Guests can also enjoy delicious meals prepared in our large, modern kitchen.
Guests can also enjoy five-star tennis courts, two swimming pools, volleyball, and horseback riding.
Guests can also enjoy flight simulators and aviation souvenirs and gifts.
Guests can also enjoy games, music, shopping and travel information.
Guests can also enjoy golf, equine events, and rodeos just eleven miles from the bed and breakfast.
Guests can also enjoy one of the best outdoor pool areas in town.
Guests can also enjoy one of the nicest pool areas in town.
Guests can also enjoy our sauna.
Guests can also enjoy skiing, tennis, swimming and a fitness center at the club.
Guests can also enjoy swimming in man-made cenotes and a breathtaking lake pool.
Guests can also enjoy tennis, swimming, dining, and more.
Guests can also enjoy the Club Motivation leisure centre.
Guests can also enjoy the freshwater swimming pool surrounded by a hardwood deck.
Guests can also enjoy the grounds which include a formal, yet comfortable, classical garden.
Guests can also enjoy the large, bright and beautifully furnished guest sitting room.
Guests can also enjoy the loft sitting room.
Guests can also enjoy the ranch's tennis court and the outdoor jacuzzi.
Guests can also enjoy the relaxing hot tub.
Guests can also enjoy the tennis court, mini-golf course, jitney and horse back riding tours.
Guests can also enjoy three different entertainment salons and an eighteenth century terrace.
Guests can also enjoy top facilities for fitness and relaxation.
Guests can also enjoy top facilities for fitness and relaxtion.
Guests can also enjoy using the pool and BBQ's on property.
Guests can also enjoy world-class opera, ballet, popular music and plays.
Guests can also exchange foreign currency twenty-four hours a day.
Guests can also explore the valley on a mountain bike tour or a tandem paraglider flight.
Guests can also find growing tips and a list of recommended books.
Guests can also fish from our dock or for a nominal fee use one of our boat slips.
Guests can also gain Internet access from any of the hotel's meeting rooms.
Guests can also go behind the scenes and learn the meticulous process behind the wax creations.
Guests can also go for a ride on the double tube.
Guests can also have dinner at the dormitory dining hall at no extra charge.
Guests can also help themselves to fresh fruit, coffee or teas at any time.
Guests can also indulge in fishing and white-water boarding.
Guests can also make restaurant reservations and purchase show tickets.
Guests can also make use of on-line retrieval in remote databases.
Guests can also opt in for an evening meal taken around the big table in the homestead kitchen.
Guests can also opt to follow-up the hot stones with frozen stones for energy balancing.
Guests can also opt to ride along with a guide.
Guests can also order box lunches at the front desk.
Guests can also paint the pumpkins with colored markers.
Guests can also participate in meditation inside a pyramid and tarot readings.
Guests can also peruse early journals from England, France, and the United States.
Guests can also pick their own tropical fruits.
Guests can also pitch surface or roof tents.
Guests can also play croquet, a favorite English past time, on the lawns.
Guests can also play volleyball at the beach and windsurf .
Guests can also pool their resources for a big gift like a camcorder, barbeque or television.
Guests can also receive spiritual counseling from resident priests and nuns.
Guests can also relax and have a drink at the hotel's bar.
Guests can also relax in the cool lounge.
Guests can also relax in the garden and read in the summer time.
Guests can also rent bicycles at the front desk of the hotel.
Guests can also request a unit with a video cassette player.
Guests can also reserve a kitchenette unit which has cooking facilities.
Guests can also reserve a private sauna.
Guests can also snowboard or participate in two innovative sports, snowbiking and parabolic skiing.
Guests can also take advantage of pre-purchases lift ticket options to local ski areas.
Guests can also take advantage of snack areas, an arcade and plenty of shaded seating.
Guests can also take advantage of the nearby scenic running trail.
Guests can also take advantage of the poolside cabana which has a full kitchen.
Guests can also take pleasure in a hayride, bonfire, and all the amenities of the house.
Guests can also take yoga, personal image, and color makeover classes.
Guests can also talk with area businesses and win door prizes.
Guests can also tee off at the nearby golf course.
Guests can also test their skating technique on the pond in the Mountain Village.
Guests can also try on helmets from four eras of space flight.
Guests can also try their hand at golf, tennis and watersports.
Guests can also use a sleeping bag if they prefer.
Guests can also use limited locality map facilities.
Guests can also use our canoes either with a guide or on their own to explore the rain forest.
Guests can also use the central laundry facilities on site.
Guests can also use the community pool and tennis courts.
Guests can also use the hotel's heated pool, sauna and gym.
Guests can also use the lounge, dining room and swimming pool.
Guests can also use the registry or check out the related links for gift ideas.
Guests can also use the system to place beverage orders from the club house.
Guests can also use the tennis courts at two local hotels.
Guests can also view scheduled events from the web site.
Guests can also view the photo albums, hear the voice clips, and read the comprehensive profiles.
Guests can also visit the fitness center.
Guests can also visit the observatory, by reservation.
Guests can also work from their rooms by connecting their PC to the hotel network.
Guests can always add extra salt if they choose.
Guests can always call a cab, and book airline tickets that are delivered to the hotel.
Guests can apply for credit prior to their arrival.
Guests can apply for guest accounts .
Guests can arrange charter boats for fishing, reef trips, diving, and snorkeling.
Guests can arrange early arrival or stay-overs directly with the inn.
Guests can arrange early arrival or stayovers directly with the inn.
Guests can arrange for a car to be delivered to their lodgings when they arrive.
Guests can arrange for a private beach barbecue dinner after their cruise.
Guests can arrange for a private cook.
Guests can arrange private dining cruises as a unique way to celebrate a special occasion.
Guests can arrange to use office facilities, fax, E-mail etc.
Guests can arrive at their own portico entrance or enter via the walkway from the main hotel.
Guests can arrive daily.
Guests can arrive or leave at any time, and dress however they wish.
Guests can ascend it for whale watching, or for a commanding view of the ocean, town, and mountains.
Guests can assist at most of the offices at both abbeys.
Guests can attend classes , take campus tours, see a play, and enjoy time with their student.
Guests can attend twice before applying for membership.
Guests can attend without tickets.
Guests can avail our in-house Massage service .
Guests can be as active as they choose to be.
Guests can be as active or relaxed as they like.
Guests can be first time or experienced riders.
Guests can be in direct contact with the sea whenever they wish to.
Guests can be present at wedding ceremonies.
Guests can be sure of receiving personal attention at all times.
Guests can belly up to the stir-fry bar.
Guests can bet on sporting events at the sports book.
Guests can book on bed and breakfast, half-board, full board or room only basis.
Guests can bring horses for trail rides.
Guests can bring lunch and a blanket for a picnic.
Guests can bring photos and stories about their own pets.
Guests can bring small pets only, please.
Guests can bring their horses and ride for several days, enjoying the scenic area on horseback.
Guests can bring their own cameras or purchase disposable cameras at the booth.
Guests can bring their own groceries and eat whatever they want whenever they want.
Guests can bring their own groceries and use the ktichen facilities.
Guests can bring their own horses if they desire.
Guests can bring their own sleeping bag, linens, blankets, towels, etc.
Guests can browse the ads, but the search is limited to age, and location.
Guests can browse the onboard exhibitions or enjoy the riverside sunset from the main deck.
Guests can buy alcoholic beverages from the liquor shop.
Guests can buy gifts such as a set of club head covers or a box of tees.
Guests can buy groceries and propane on site.
Guests can call ahead and book a fishing charter.
Guests can call for reservations up to four days in advance, non-guests two days in advance.
Guests can call for the free airport shuttle.
Guests can call from the lobby, the pool, or even from an outside telephone to hear messages.
Guests can call one central operator and request room service or other information.
Guests can catch their breath on the ride down, paced at a much more moderate rate.
Guests can charter a private yacht with skipper for the day.
Guests can chat or play cribbage in the sitting room.
Guests can check out a movie or CD at no charge from each property's multimedia library.
Guests can check out and review their account from their room by television.
Guests can check out videos and sports equipment free of charge.
Guests can chip in on big-ticket items like kitchen appliances and electronics.
Guests can choose a unique parlor room, or perhaps a one-bedroom suite.
Guests can choose amenities a la carte or in packages.
Guests can choose among the rooms, which have beds varying in size from twin to king.
Guests can choose audio for the channel of their choice.
Guests can choose baundant or economical meal.
Guests can choose between a barbecue breakfast, full English or continental fare.
Guests can choose between a barbecue steak or chicken dinner.
Guests can choose between a fairway view or an ocean view.
Guests can choose between a variety of accommodation including a four-bedroom condo with fireplace.
Guests can choose between a variety of room types that best meet there comfort needs.
Guests can choose between four accommodations, all equally as beautiful.
Guests can choose between guest rooms, mini suites and large two-room suites.
Guests can choose between rooms with one or two beds or a larger suite unit.
Guests can choose between rooms with two double beds or one king-sized bed.
Guests can choose color.
Guests can choose either a smoking or a non-smoking environment.
Guests can choose either continental or full breakfast.
Guests can choose either full services or discerning privacy.
Guests can choose from a breakfast menu of several choices.
Guests can choose from a selection of slot machines in all denominations.
Guests can choose from air conditioned motel rooms or suites with kitchens.
Guests can choose from any of three unique bedrooms all with private baths.
Guests can choose from available rooms containing twin, or king beds.
Guests can choose from five guest accommodations.
Guests can choose from five guest rooms.
Guests can choose from five tastefully appointed rooms.
Guests can choose from king-size or double beds with a kitchenette and dining room.
Guests can choose from nine tastefully decorated units, each with private bath.
Guests can choose from one, two, or three bedroom condominium suites.
Guests can choose from our Biking,Hiking,Kayak or combo adventures among other trips.
Guests can choose from rooms with double or queen beds or rooms with a double and a single bed.
Guests can choose from several gourmet menus.
Guests can choose from single, double or family rooms all with ensuite.
Guests can choose from the many amenities offered by the resort.
Guests can choose from the original works of art available for sale from the regional artist market.
Guests can choose from three inviting country bedrooms.
Guests can choose from three private dining locations to host a lunch or a dinner.
Guests can choose from three rooms.
Guests can choose full board facilities or the option of self-catering.
Guests can choose full or half board, with an exc ellent kosher menu.
Guests can choose how involved they want to be.
Guests can choose ingredients to roll inside the blini.
Guests can choose items to bring to the feast when they RSVP online.
Guests can choose rooms with one king-sized bed or two double beds.
Guests can choose the method of navigation they prefer.
Guests can choose to be totally private or to socialise.
Guests can choose to go hiking through the forest or just watch the sun go down from the deck.
Guests can choose to have a garden view, ocean view or ocean front unit.
Guests can choose to reside in single or double rooms or furnished apartments.
Guests can choose to see only such ads if they wish.
Guests can choose to swim in their outdoor or in door swimming pools, or relax in the sauna.
Guests can choose what they like or have a bit of each.
Guests can click the menu without the to see free pages.
Guests can come and go as they please through their own private entrance.
Guests can come and go in privacy.
Guests can come dressed as they did during their high school years.
Guests can come dressed in bell bottoms, long skirts, beads, sandals, and granny glasses.
Guests can commemorate their visit with a free photograph.
Guests can complete a short registration process.
Guests can concentrate on one area or choose a combination of programs.
Guests can continue working cattle or head off for another scenic trail ride.
Guests can control the up and down movements of their rocket.
Guests can cook for themselves or enjoy breakfast in our sunroom.
Guests can cook up main courses, tasty side dishes or mouth-watering desserts.
Guests can create their own itineraries to visit their preferred camps.
Guests can cut themselves thick slices of freshly baked bread from the loaves at the salad bar.
Guests can design their own tours for an additional fee based upon flight plan.
Guests can dine at five restaurants, four lounges and two snack bars.
Guests can dine at premium restaurants or enjoy a game of billiards at the hotel lounge.
Guests can dine at the restaurant on property and shop at the snack shop or gift shop.
Guests can dine at the restaurant on property.
Guests can dine at three different restaurants, one of which is located next to the pool.
Guests can dine in the charming restaurant or have their meals brought to their chalet.
Guests can dine in the lovely restaurant or have all meals delivered to their cottage.
Guests can dine in two unique restaurants.
Guests can dine on property or take a short drive into town for other dining options and shopping.
Guests can dive around the lagoon, which features a wrecked replica of a Spanish galleon.
Guests can do as much or as little as they like at the resort.
Guests can do recreational activity of going for a llama trek optional package.
Guests can download a screensaver for free.
Guests can dress up in a maiko's kimono.
Guests can drive the club boats, however the host member is responsible for their actions.
Guests can drive to a swimming beach just down the road.
Guests can drive to shops and restaurants in the area.
Guests can drive to shops and restaurants within the resort area.
Guests can drop off one bag of laundry per day with our volunteers.
Guests can each take home a small vase after as a party favor.
Guests can each take home a small vase as a party favor.
Guests can easily walk or cycle to interesting, friendly pubs.
Guests can easily walk to the shops, restaurants, cinema, theatre, river, castle and museum.
Guests can eat around the large refectory table or outside on the deck.
Guests can eat lunch together or take it to their work areas.
Guests can either bring their own firearms or use the ranch's.
Guests can either bring their own picnic basket or purchase food and drinks at the park.
Guests can either bring their own telescopes or there are telescopes to be rented.
Guests can either create their own story or use one of the premade stories.
Guests can embark on an evening cruise with a champagne social, featuring a string ensemble.
Guests can embark on kayak journeys and shore walks directly from the ship.
Guests can end a busy day of fishing relaxing in the newly constructed dining room.
Guests can enjoy a casual lunch in the cool shade of the resort's huge sea grape trees.
Guests can enjoy a casual yet elegant dress code.
Guests can enjoy a complimentary hot breakfast each morning.
Guests can enjoy a deluxe continental breakfast each morning and an outdoor swimming pool.
Guests can enjoy a drink at one of the hotel's two bars.
Guests can enjoy a football field and a bowling green, as well as a riding track.
Guests can enjoy a free continental breakfast, or walk to nearby restaurants.
Guests can enjoy a free hot breakfast in the breakfast room adjoining the lobby.
Guests can enjoy a heated pool, whirlpool, and fitness center.
Guests can enjoy a holiday or break away from the cares of everyday life.
Guests can enjoy a hot tub that overlooks the ocean or quiet walks along the beach.
Guests can enjoy a large swimming pool, spa, hammocks, and sunny patios.
Guests can enjoy a panoramic view of the city and easy access to many Atlanta destinations.
Guests can enjoy a private hillside hot tub or relax in the upper garden gazebo.
Guests can enjoy a quiet evening, while recapping the adventures of the day.
Guests can enjoy a quiet stay in a simple and relaxing atmosphere.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing soak after an exciting day of activities.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing walk in a natural environment of delightful ponds and waterfalls.
Guests can enjoy a sandy river beach.
Guests can enjoy a selection of fresh seafood, piping-hot Italian pizzas and grilled meats.
Guests can enjoy a short but scenic hike.
Guests can enjoy a short walk to beaches and shopping.
Guests can enjoy a stroll on the beach, hours of gambling, amusement rides, and even a cabaret act.
Guests can enjoy a suite with a terrace or a balcony that offers a panoramic view.
Guests can enjoy a swiming pool with heated sea water, gym, sauna, bawls and table tennis.
Guests can enjoy a swimming pool and showers.
Guests can enjoy a tasting of new menu items, wines and desserts.
Guests can enjoy a total golfing experience with no residential areas to distract from their game.
Guests can enjoy a variety of modern amenities aimed at today's traveller.
Guests can enjoy a wide variety of sporting activities locally.
Guests can enjoy a wonderful full breakfast before setting off on a day long exploring trip.
Guests can enjoy afternoon refreshments on the sun porch, patio, or the front porch swing.
Guests can enjoy all of the hotel's many facilities and have a really relaxing holiday.
Guests can enjoy ample free parking.
Guests can enjoy an array of activities at Molokai Ranch.
Guests can enjoy an indoor pool, complete health centre with squash courts, and spa.
Guests can enjoy an ocean-side pool and spa.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor barbeque or clambake.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor pool during the summer and an indoor exercise room year round.
Guests can enjoy antique shops, galleries, famous bistros, music clubs and more nearby.
Guests can enjoy both kayaking and whale watching.
Guests can enjoy both modern comfort and the local mode of life.
Guests can enjoy breakfast in the nook on a table for two.
Guests can enjoy breakfast or dinner in the dining room or on the terrace.
Guests can enjoy breakfast out in the garden in the morning.
Guests can enjoy breathtaking bay and mountain views from both guest rooms and the common areas.
Guests can enjoy breathtaking bay and mountain views from guest rooms and the common areas.
Guests can enjoy casual dining as well as luxuriant seven-course gourmet feasts.
Guests can enjoy cocktails and a glorious feast prepared by one of Nashville's finest chefs.
Guests can enjoy complete kitchen and laundry facilities, dining and TV room.
Guests can enjoy complimentary access to the main and outdoor observation levels before closing.
Guests can enjoy complimentary coffee, popcorn and fresh fruit in the lobby.
Guests can enjoy complimentary fruit, popcorn, and coffee in the lobby.
Guests can enjoy delicious home cooking from the three-course dinner menu.
Guests can enjoy dining, daily maid service and charging privileges at the adjacent hotel.
Guests can enjoy dinner for two, dine with new friends, or make a reservation for a party of ten.
Guests can enjoy dinner out or prepare their own feast in the kitchen facilities.
Guests can enjoy drinks at the cozy bar or in the lounge area.
Guests can enjoy evening receptions with their favorite beverages in our lush eight-story atrium.
Guests can enjoy extensive views of the local countryside.
Guests can enjoy fine golf courses and shopping areas nearby.
Guests can enjoy frybread, burritos and other food.
Guests can enjoy full resort amenities from child care to video, gifts and groceries.
Guests can enjoy game drives and bush walks in the company of rangers.
Guests can enjoy good cuisine and fine wine.
Guests can enjoy good food and then retire to a four poster or half tester beds.
Guests can enjoy hunting with rifle or bow from tree stands over an active bait.
Guests can enjoy ice cream in regular or waffle cones.
Guests can enjoy indoor hot tubs and cold plunge and a large heated outdoor swimming pool.
Guests can enjoy lighted tennis courts, racquetball and water sports.
Guests can enjoy lunch, afternoon snacks or cocktails at the beautifully landscaped pool.
Guests can enjoy mariachi music, folkloric dancers, Mexican food, margaritas and more.
Guests can enjoy massages in seaside cabanas or in wooden teahouses surrounded by tropical gardens.
Guests can enjoy meals, drinks or just sitting.
Guests can enjoy menus based on fresh local produce prepared with flair and imagination.
Guests can enjoy musical entertainment, a buffet dinner and refreshing beverages.
Guests can enjoy musical performances and stroll through the instrument petting zoo.
Guests can enjoy nature walks, trout fishing, golf, boating, horseriding and skiing nearby.
Guests can enjoy our outdoor pool, croquet and other lawn games.
Guests can enjoy our private beach or relax with a cool drink at either of our two pools.
Guests can enjoy our professional Balinese massage.
Guests can enjoy our warm hospitality and special attention.
Guests can enjoy outdoor dining complete with a full bar.
Guests can enjoy parades and other festivities from the comfort of the front porch.
Guests can enjoy peaceful country living with warm Swedish hospitality.
Guests can enjoy performances of Austrian music.
Guests can enjoy quality accommodation at a reasonable price.
Guests can enjoy relaxed outdoor meals alongside the pool or overlooking the lake.
Guests can enjoy relaxing in the living room, den, or courtyard areas.
Guests can enjoy room service.
Guests can enjoy sand volleyball games on our regulation size volleyball courts.
Guests can enjoy scuba diving and snorkeling.
Guests can enjoy selections from the inn's extensive collection of Classic Movie Videos.
Guests can enjoy sensational stage shows daily.
Guests can enjoy sitting in the patio areas or strolling over the beautifully landscaped grounds.
Guests can enjoy staying in the resort's condos.
Guests can enjoy steaks, chicken, seafood, pasta, pizza, and salads with unique flavor combinations.
Guests can enjoy sunning, walking, jogging, biking, and skating on the bay front boardwalk.
Guests can enjoy sunsets and sunrises from an on-site terrace, which juts into the ocean.
Guests can enjoy swimming in the outdoor heated pool while listening to classical music underwater.
Guests can enjoy swimming, hiking, paddle boats, rock climbing and fishing.
Guests can enjoy swimming, tennis, basketball, volleyball and other recreation.
Guests can enjoy tasting amber, dark, angel's tears and several experimental flavors.
Guests can enjoy tasty meals in the restaurant overlooking a lake.
Guests can enjoy tennis, non-motorized water sports, diving and so much more.
Guests can enjoy tennis, swimming, canoeing, paddle boats, playground and golf.
Guests can enjoy the BBQ on their private lanai as well as the pool and the recreation center.
Guests can enjoy the beautifully manicured lawns and gardens, and perhaps hear the babbling brook .
Guests can enjoy the beauty and quiet on the covered porch.
Guests can enjoy the casinos, shows, shopping and music.
Guests can enjoy the comfortable guest lounge, library and the pleasant dining room.
Guests can enjoy the decks, gardens and hot tub which all view the ocean.
Guests can enjoy the delightful country atmosphere and foods prepared in the old southern tradition.
Guests can enjoy the enhanced courtyard, fitness center and pool.
Guests can enjoy the excercise area and pool, or relax in their room with a movie.
Guests can enjoy the excersise area and pool, or relax in their room with a movie.
Guests can enjoy the facilities provided in the hotel.
Guests can enjoy the fragrance of flowers and the chirping of tropical birds in our stunning aviary.
Guests can enjoy the front porch, deck, and TV in the parlor.
Guests can enjoy the gardens, sitting under plane trees.
Guests can enjoy the heated pool and hot tub any time of the day.
Guests can enjoy the hotel's swimming area, bowling center or slot machines.
Guests can enjoy the indoor heated pool or relax in the hot tub after a long day.
Guests can enjoy the large outdoor heated pool, exercise facility, spa, and sauna.
Guests can enjoy the large pool area and the poolside snack bar.
Guests can enjoy the large walled gardens or relax in the new conservatory.
Guests can enjoy the luxurious comfort of their splendidly decorated rooms.
Guests can enjoy the morning watching the racehorse on the moorland gallops.
Guests can enjoy the on-site games room, hot tub and indoor pool.
Guests can enjoy the open-air covered, heated pool, a whirlpool and a sauna.
Guests can enjoy the outdoor hot tub, sauna, licenced dining room, and lounge.
Guests can enjoy the park on snowboards, skis and blades.
Guests can enjoy the pleasure of having dinner prepared in-house by our very own chef.
Guests can enjoy the pool and jacuzzi.
Guests can enjoy the pool and spa.
Guests can enjoy the resident pygmy goat farm and horses .
Guests can enjoy the resident pygmy goat farm and horses.
Guests can enjoy the ride from the molded bowrider seating with backrests.
Guests can enjoy the rooms with king or queen size bed, coffee maker, and in room movies.
Guests can enjoy the swimming pool including a special children's pool.
Guests can enjoy the swimming pool or stroll in the flower and herb gardens.
Guests can enjoy the trolley ride through the historical streets of Charleston.
Guests can enjoy the use of two swimming pools and whirlpool spas.
Guests can enjoy the view from the porches of all the cabins.
Guests can enjoy the view while soaking in the hot tub.
Guests can enjoy the warm Florida sun from the outdoor tropical pool area.
Guests can enjoy the warmth of the unique oval open fireplace in the entrance hall.
Guests can enjoy the whirlpool, lounge and restaurant.
Guests can enjoy their favorite food and beverage at the hotel's two restaurants.
Guests can enjoy their favorite libations in the bar while overlooking the activity of the pool.
Guests can enjoy use of the rooftop pool and mineral spa with a picturesque view of the city.
Guests can enjoy various activities including rafting, horseback riding, and jeep tours.
Guests can enjoy various kinds of buffets throughout the day or a la carte menu.
Guests can enjoy views of the canyons, Pacific Ocean, and the Channel Islands .
Guests can enjoy watching their food being prepared.
Guests can enjoy world class amenities and service in a sensational natural setting.
Guests can enjoy world-class golf and excellent tennis facilities.
Guests can enloy a game of blackjack on any of the four tables.
Guests can enquire about the program when making reservations or checking-in at the hotel.
Guests can enter the dorms if accompanied by a resident.
Guests can escape to our beautiful mountain and experience a world of wet, wild fun.
Guests can even download the song to a personalized CD for their own on-air debut at home.
Guests can even give the robot a test run.
Guests can even learn how to participate in live, interactive investment forums.
Guests can even watch or participate in a cattle drive.
Guests can exercise with a view of the lagoon while listening to their favourite music.
Guests can expect between one and two hours of shop time depending on their needs.
Guests can expect caring service, comfortable accomodations and great value.
Guests can expect the finest personal service from a dedicated and friendly staff.
Guests can expect to hear plenty of non-stop music through an extensive sound system.
Guests can expect to see many kinds of birds and hear their singing.
Guests can experience our bar area and our beautiful, lush garden and swimming pool.
Guests can explore the beautiful garden and gazebos or relax in the outside hot tub.
Guests can explore the river by boat or canoe with our experienced guide based on the island.
Guests can feed the long-necked animals through their bedroom windows.
Guests can feed the marine mammals a fishy treat as they enjoy the animals antics.
Guests can feel free to use the family room, kitchen, backyard.
Guests can feel the cool breeze off the lake while they enjoy good food and conversation.
Guests can fill in buses based on seat availability.
Guests can find a couple's online registry for gifts or visit the couple's website.
Guests can find a trainer, shop for dog supplies, get personal training advice.
Guests can find bike rentals, sales, and equipment at several locations in the Valley.
Guests can find collectible models with variety of accessories.
Guests can find comfort and joy here.
Guests can find golf and tennis nearby.
Guests can find lots of fishing and golfing attractions nearby.
Guests can find more information on the group's web page by clicking on the event title.
Guests can find nearby championship golf and tennis and deep sea fishing charters.
Guests can find the finest steaks and seafood cooked just to their liking.
Guests can finish off the evening by dancing the night away.
Guests can fish for rainbow trout, bass, and bream.
Guests can fish for salmon and halibut.
Guests can fish for shee fish, pike, arctic char and grayling.
Guests can fish from the covered dock or easily access their boat.
Guests can fish from the dock, and charters and tours can be arranged.
Guests can fish from the motel dock, complete with a fish-cleaning table, or take a dip in the pool.
Guests can fish site.
Guests can fish, swim or hang out by the clear running waters.
Guests can fish, whalewatch, sightsee or go sportfishing.
Guests can fish,ride horeses, or hike along roads traveled by the early settlers.
Guests can gain insights into veterinary careers, zoos, colleges and universities.
Guests can gather around the fireplace in the living room or the outdoor firepit.
Guests can get a bird's-eye view of the splendid ancient city in the sunset.
Guests can get cuddly with goats in the petting zoo and take educational tours.
Guests can get to know one another here, if desired.
Guests can go deep-sea fishing or take a sunset cruise on their unique pirate sailboat replica.
Guests can go home refreshed.
Guests can go online and make requests so the music played is what everyone wants to hear.
Guests can grill meals while lounging on a private deck overlooking flower and herb gardens.
Guests can have a limited a la carte menu.
Guests can have breakfast in library and find gifts for sale here.
Guests can have breakfast whenever they wish it, rather than on a set schedule.
Guests can have single or double bedrooms according to choice and there is no single supplement.
Guests can have their photo taken with one of the participants.
Guests can have their pictures taken at the antique photo studio in the village.
Guests can have their refrigerator stocked with their favorite items upon arrival.
Guests can help document the whole evening that way.
Guests can help or watch cowboys complete daily chores.
Guests can help themselves to hot coffee, fresh juice and a delicious breakfast .
Guests can help themselves.
Guests can hike through a vast wooded area or stroll along the beach.
Guests can hike through the forest to clear mountain streams and waterfalls.
Guests can hike, bike or cross-country ski out of their condominium door.
Guests can hire bicycles for a nominal fee.
Guests can hire expert guides at the marina for daylong fishing expeditions in Table Rock Lake.
Guests can hop on and check out their weight.
Guests can immediately sense the cleanliness and natural touches of Bali's friendly atmosphere.
Guests can immerse themselves in fun, sun and relaxation.
Guests can include town supervisor, mayor, school board members, principal, etc.
Guests can indulge in a relaxing swim in our outdoor, heated pool.
Guests can indulge in a variety of leisurely and recreational pursuits.
Guests can indulge in a wide selection of invigorating spa packages.
Guests can indulge in our golf packages to one of many challenging courses.
Guests can join an exclusive club to obtain one of the cigar lockers.
Guests can launch their boats from our private, paved drive at no charge.
Guests can laze on the beach or in a private gazebo.
Guests can learn how to safely rappel as they descend the forty foot wall.
Guests can learn how to safely rappell as they descend the forty foot wall.
Guests can learn skills such as topiary, photography, and gourmet cooking.
Guests can leave the reception after bridal couple cuts the cake.
Guests can leave their cars and walk easily into the town or to several good restaurants.
Guests can leisurely walk to fine shops and restaurants through covered bridges.
Guests can linger at our long bar counter over a cold beer while being entertained.
Guests can login as instructed and view partial listings of our members.
Guests can log-in to view and report bugs and submit feedback.
Guests can look at pictures of the businesses and view menus and services offered.
Guests can look forward to a fun and awe-inspiring experience.
Guests can look forward to a grand country breakfast in the morning.
Guests can look forward to exceptional hospitality.
Guests can lounge in a hammock by the sea or participate in a wide range of water sports.
Guests can lounge in the common room or on the wide front porch.
Guests can make advanced babysitting arrangements for the care of younger children, in their suite.
Guests can make arrangements to have breakfast served earlier if they wish.
Guests can make arrangements to use the kitchen to cook their own meals too.
Guests can make or break a program.
Guests can make reservations and get pick-up times by contacting their hotel front desk.
Guests can make use of the courts at a discounted rate.
Guests can make use of the hotel's facilities.
Guests can make use of three lounges and relax in front of the cosy turf fires.
Guests can marvel at fanciful sand sculptures of every description.
Guests can mingle with amateur astronomers to view a myriad of celestial objects.
Guests can mingle with artists, students and community members at the informal affair.
Guests can modify options for themselves.
Guests can never tell the difference.
Guests can now observe the course's live online class sessions while in progress.
Guests can now watch TV in game room instead.
Guests can observe the parks animal care staff measuring out and blending the ingredients.
Guests can observe the status of festival parking before leaving the breakfast table.
Guests can offer advice or give well-wishes.
Guests can often view works by local artists.
Guests can open sliding doors wide to the air and sunshine.
Guests can opt to stay overnight at base, or fly out to another destination.
Guests can opt to watch television in either the bedroom or living room.
Guests can order a plate for two, or share a number of plates to experience a variety of flavours.
Guests can order baked goods to go from the in-store bakery.
Guests can order cherry phosphates, cherry colas, ice cream sundaes, and brown bread ice cream.
Guests can order from a traditional breakfast menu or new lunch and dinner menus.
Guests can park cars in front or dock boats at the lounge deck.
Guests can park in public lots south and southwest of the stadium.
Guests can park in the public lots south and southwest of the stadium.
Guests can park out front and come directly into the restaurant without having to enter the mall.
Guests can park their cars in a new garage or use valet parking.
Guests can park their cars in the shadow of pine trees on hotel parking.
Guests can participate in a mock class and visit with law students, faculty and alumni.
Guests can participate in a variety of activities or simply relax.
Guests can participate in the raffle by purchasing tickets at the ball from the roving sellers.
Guests can participate in weekend-long murder mysteries, often as characters in the drama.
Guests can pay their fees online, as well as communicate more effectively with management.
Guests can pay with cash, check or traveler's check.
Guests can pick the photos they like, and order copies.
Guests can pitch roof or surface tents.
Guests can play cards.
Guests can play croquet on the green lawns here and also enjoy a game of tennis.
Guests can play for free but are unrated.
Guests can play midway games and clowns can work the crowd.
Guests can play miniature golf, tennis, or enjoy the beach, playground, and boat dock.
Guests can play on a good tennis court, and there is a rock pool to swim in.
Guests can play on hard, grass, and clay surfaces.
Guests can play tennis and enjoy indoor swimming at a private facility situated close to the hotel.
Guests can play tennis on the lighted courts as well as the volleyball court.
Guests can post favorite moments, offer prayers and good wishes, and swap photos.
Guests can practice their figure eights and double axels as they cruise through the Caribbean.
Guests can prepare own meals and get up when they like.
Guests can prepare to be pampered.
Guests can purchase a gift certificate to be applied towards a portion of the art work selected.
Guests can purchase as few as one sermon.
Guests can purchase gifts from anywhere in the world.
Guests can purchase online, by catalog, or in one of the retail stores.
Guests can purchase their rental as part of the vacation.
Guests can purchase time on-line with their credit card using a built in card reader.
Guests can put gear in the van, and tag along.
Guests can reach the functions through TV monitors in each room and a wireless remote control.
Guests can read articles and do searches.
Guests can read discussion transcripts or chat online about a range of security issues.
Guests can read from their books, using the stage if they like, as a method of communicating.
Guests can read the local community information, including our interactive events listings.
Guests can receive incoming phone calls also.
Guests can receive international as well as local calls.
Guests can register as frequently as they wish.
Guests can relax amid the restaurant's neo-classic surroundings to watch the animated chefs.
Guests can relax and enjoy themselves in our living room and roof garden.
Guests can relax and read or visit in the love seats around the white brick fireplace.
Guests can relax and read the daily papers or browse through books in the fire-placed lounge.
Guests can relax and read the morning papers or browse through the numerous magazines provided.
Guests can relax and view live horse racing while having a sit down meal.
Guests can relax anytime in the comfortable common room.
Guests can relax around the pool and enjoy superior views from the deck.
Guests can relax at the end of the day and enjoy a friendly game of billiards in the game room.
Guests can relax by open fires in winter or dine alfresco on outdoor terraces in the warmer weather.
Guests can relax by the fireplace in the living room while having tea and listening to music.
Guests can relax by the indoor pool, take advantage of the whirlpool or work out at the health club.
Guests can relax by the new swimming pool, stroll along the beach or explore the reef.
Guests can relax comfortably in either of two cozy sitting rooms.
Guests can relax in a well appointed room or enjoy a suite.
Guests can relax in one of several sitting rooms or on the veranda.
Guests can relax in our comfortable rooms while enjoying a peaceful, scenic environment.
Guests can relax in our inviting pool set in our tropical gardens.
Guests can relax in our sitting room or dining room, decorated to depict the Victorian era.
Guests can relax in the bar or cocktail lounge, or visit the gift shop.
Guests can relax in the beautiful garden with fountains.
Guests can relax in the comfort of the whirlpool or swim a few laps in the indoor heated pool.
Guests can relax in the cosy bars where traditional cask beer is on tap.
Guests can relax in the handsome solarium.
Guests can relax in the inn's music room or sitting room.
Guests can relax in the licenced dining room, pub, and restaurant and enjoy complimentary coffee.
Guests can relax in the main lounge, which has an open fire, or the spacious front verandah.
Guests can relax in the original Bedouin tent on the beach where Bedouins serve local drinks.
Guests can relax in the parlour or the library each of which has a fire going seasonally.
Guests can relax in the reading room or browse in the gift shop.
Guests can relax in the spas, swimming pool, or receive a massage.
Guests can relax in the tropical sun or enjoy a swim in the pool.
Guests can relax in the well-stocked library, with fireplace, or watch cable TV in the large parlor.
Guests can relax in the well-stocked library, with fireplace.
Guests can relax in their large garden and terraces.
Guests can relax on the big wrap around porch filled with white wicker furniture.
Guests can relax on the cool verandahs in summer or by the fire in their own lounge room in winter.
Guests can relax on the patio for spectacular sunsets.
Guests can relax on their private balconies or in the charming, picturesque gardens.
Guests can relax under old maple trees or on the columned front portico.
Guests can relax, swim, play or walk through nature trails.
Guests can rent a room or the whole house with a maximum of thirteen people.
Guests can rent by the night, the week or the month, based on availability.
Guests can rent houseboats by the day or by the week.
Guests can rent private cabanas and rafts as well as purchase sunglasses and tanning products.
Guests can rent row boats by the hour to paddle or to fish for bass and rainbow trout.
Guests can rent ski boats, jet skis, canoes, and bikes or go horseback riding.
Guests can rent the entire cottage or either the downstairs or upstairs.
Guests can request a home with a private pool or a jacuzzi tub.
Guests can request a non-smoking unit.
Guests can request a refrigerator in their room for an additional fee.
Guests can request a unit with a dishwasher.
Guests can request a unit with air conditioning.
Guests can request computer print-outs of directions.
Guests can request for receipt for expense logging.
Guests can request non-smoking rooms.
Guests can reserve a lap lane and swim undisturbed.
Guests can retrace the old Indian buffalo trail on a guided mountain bike or horseback trip.
Guests can ride in an open-air car, coach, crown coach or club car.
Guests can ride in the sled or drive their own team.
Guests can ride steam-powered trains for a ride around the edge of Disneyland .
Guests can ride steam-powered trains for a ride around the edge of Disneyland.
Guests can roam around the orchard, and see first-hand an operational mango farm.
Guests can roam freely from one access point to another while staying on the same network.
Guests can rock on the porch as the afternoon breeze wafts scents from the gardens.
Guests can RSVP online and plan their activities if visiting from out of town.
Guests can RSVP on-line.
Guests can run a tab for meals or gifts.
Guests can sail and fish at the deep water marina.
Guests can sail, bike, or walk around the lake while enjoying a panoramic view of the county.
Guests can sample all cooker's chili offering and vote for their choice of the best.
Guests can sample decorated birthday cakes in addition to a catered meal.
Guests can sample delicious cuisine as the chefs divulge their recipe secrets.
Guests can sample the local salt-fish, which is a delicacy from the area.
Guests can savor breakfast on the screened porch overlooking the bay while watching boats and birds.
Guests can savour an entirely private meal in the comfort of their room or suite.
Guests can scan any bar code within reach at any time.
Guests can search and view the pictures via guest visit for free.
Guests can search for accommodation availability and then place an on-line reservation.
Guests can search for ecological resources and utilise basic locality map production facilities.
Guests can search for images by filename and description.
Guests can search the database of reports and view contents pages.
Guests can see beyond the birds and tall grasses to the sailboats drifting out to sea.
Guests can see firsthand the operation of the nations leading emergency medical information service.
Guests can see muntjacs, spoonbills, ducks, wallabies and giant anteaters, among others.
Guests can select a book from the menu and enjoy refreshments while they read.
Guests can select a hat to wear while they are dining.
Guests can select from a list of usage plans during startup.
Guests can select from the elegant to the rustic, from city to town and country.
Guests can select the person whom they want to see.
Guests can select unlimited servings of all menu items for one low price.
Guests can self cater or take breakfast in the nearby homestead.
Guests can send e-mails home and surf the net.
Guests can share a room with up to two others, or have their own.
Guests can share information about themselves and view other guest profiles.
Guests can shoot targets which then activate effects.
Guests can shop here for Dallas-inspired men's and ladies apparel, decor, and accessories.
Guests can shop while they celebrate the bride.
Guests can shower in the main house.
Guests can sign bills at six of the city's best restaurants, virtually on the doorstep.
Guests can sign out material at the hotels front desk.
Guests can sign up to do the same activities over and over.
Guests can simply enjoy drink, snack or the romance of a candle-lit set dinner.
Guests can simply pop the reply card in the mail.
Guests can sink into the feather bed that tops the full- sized mattress.
Guests can sip refreshing cocktails from the bar or enjoy tasty snacks from the a la carte menu.
Guests can sit back and enjoy the peaceful atmosphere in the spacious covered verandah.
Guests can sit back, relax with a fire and enjoy the daily programs.
Guests can sit in front of the fireplace while enjoying a delicious meal.
Guests can sit in the garden, which has a swing for younger visitors.
Guests can sit on one of the many levels of decks and watch the activity around the base area.
Guests can sit on the private balcony and watch whales and eagles at the same time.
Guests can sit on the veranda in summer, or curl up in front of the fire in the cooler months.
Guests can sit or recline on the adjacent companion seating.
Guests can ski over there and then catch a bus back at the end of the day.
Guests can ski-hike out to the ski area and then ski home to the Lodge from the base of the lift.
Guests can sleep comfortably and also enjoy great value.
Guests can sleep in air conditioned comfort.
Guests can slide into a thrilling experience with the Texas-sized Arctic Slide.
Guests can smoke while they watch television in a common lounge downstairs.
Guests can snorkel nearby reefs, sail a sunfish, and windsurf.
Guests can snowmachine in and out from their private, fully-furnished cabins.
Guests can snowmobile or cross-country ski right from their cabin.
Guests can soak in the famous water and also enjoy massages and saunas.
Guests can soak in the hot tub being maintained in the photo above.
Guests can sometimes make their own time schedules.
Guests can spend the day hiking, canoeing, mountain biking or cross-country skiing.
Guests can spend their days on the white-sand beach and nights in a local club or restaurant.
Guests can spend their time vacationing instead of grocery shopping.
Guests can spot animals such as zebra, whitetail gnu and springbuck during daily game rides.
Guests can start the day off right with a complimentary breakfast buffet.
Guests can start the evening by selecting any of over a dozen local and imported ales on tap.
Guests can stay as long as they wish.
Guests can stay at a place for days, even without thinking of payment.
Guests can stay downstairs and watch television.
Guests can stay in a lodge room, suite, pool side cabana, cottage or campground.
Guests can stay in any of nine rooms, most of which contain original furnishings.
Guests can stay in character and act like the character they are dressed as.
Guests can stay in one of our spacious remote and rustic log cabins or in our wilderness lodge.
Guests can stay in one of the popular tee-pees or cottages.
Guests can stay overnight in Mongolian gers or cozy guest rooms.
Guests can step from shore to ship via the resort's private dock.
Guests can still enjoy mineral water baths, massages and whatever else the body needs at the spa.
Guests can still trade anything they want with each other, so long as there is no money exchanged.
Guests can stop by and see real warthogs and meerkats in their native habitat.
Guests can store small valuables in envelopes, which are locked in a cabinet inside the main office.
Guests can store their bicycles in our garage.
Guests can store their own food and drinks in the guest refrigerator.
Guests can stroll in the garden where there is a small loch with swans and ducks.
Guests can stroll in the garden, swim in the pool or enjoy the scenery from the terrace.
Guests can stroll the acreage, walk or bike on quiet country roads.
Guests can swim in the huge swimming pool at the lodge or the swimming beach on the lake.
Guests can swim in the swimming pool with heated seawater, workout in the fitness studio or bowl.
Guests can swim with dolphins, go diving, sailing, fishing or horseback riding along the shore.
Guests can swim, fish or borrow the inn's mountain bikes.
Guests can take a glass-bottom boat ride through the teeming woodlands.
Guests can take a quick drive or a pleasant walk to shops and restaurants in the area.
Guests can take a river shuttle to shops.
Guests can take a short walk to lifts at either base area.
Guests can take advantage of golf packages and stay in a large lodge.
Guests can take advantage of nearby attractions, or simply enjoy the luxury of the hotel.
Guests can take advantage of such college facilities as the swimming pool and tennis courts.
Guests can take advantage of the camp's full meal service, or self- cooking kitchens if preferred.
Guests can take advantage of the camp's full meal service, or self-cooking kitchens if preferred.
Guests can take advantage of the telephones and laundry facilities.
Guests can take free scuba and snorkel lessons in the pool.
Guests can take home a print from the scene they have created.
Guests can take horse-drawn sleigh rides on weekends and holidays.
Guests can take in the view of the adjacent gorge and waterfalls from their private decks.
Guests can take part in the parade by riding floats, and wearing costumes.
Guests can take the tram or the boat for transportation around the property.
Guests can taste a variety of wines and canapes.
Guests can taste and purchase wine.
Guests can taste the wines and meet the winemakers.
Guests can test their skills at the rifle and archery range.
Guests can then choose their favourite oils to go with the main course.
Guests can then easily find the plants as they tour the Garden.
Guests can then enjoy the sunny, well stocked library.
Guests can then fill it out with their favorite recipe.
Guests can then log on to view, e-mail and purchase photographic prints from the event.
Guests can then take home their cinnamon craft.
Guests can then try there luck at the casino.
Guests can tour the zoo after breakfast and visit with critters just a tad wilder than the bunny.
Guests can travel the world in an afternoon.
Guests can try country and western dancing, square dancing, sing-alongs and live entertainment.
Guests can try fly fishing in the stream or in our stocked trout ponds.
Guests can try mushing and often see elk, deer or other wildlife along the way.
Guests can try their hand at archery, shop for souvenirs, have a massage, learn boccie bowling.
Guests can try to create a zoo filled with strange and unusual animals.
Guests can unwind at the indoor pool, whirlpool, or exercise facility.
Guests can unwind in an ideal setting to enjoy the surrounding natural beauty.
Guests can unwind in spacious air-conditioned rooms.
Guests can unwind in the comfort of the lounge, and relax over drinks at the fully licensed bar.
Guests can unwind in the hotel swimming pool.
Guests can unwind in the three picturesque spas.
Guests can unwind while painting their own pottery.
Guests can use a fitness center adjacent to the hotel for an additional fee.
Guests can use a good tennis court, and a rock pool to swim in.
Guests can use a nearby indoor pool, whirlpool and fitness centre.
Guests can use a putting green and racquetball court.
Guests can use our new indoors, commercial-capacity BBQ grill.
Guests can use spotting scopes for unobstructed close-ups of the birds.
Guests can use swimming pools, sauna and jacuzzi free of charge.
Guests can use the central laundry facilities on property.
Guests can use the central laundry facilities on site.
Guests can use the facilities located in the hotel for free.
Guests can use the fully equipped self-catering kitchen, laundry facilities and internet cafe.
Guests can use the garden pool and tennis courts at the hotel next door.
Guests can use the kitchen if they wish to make snacks, cups of tea or coffee, etc.
Guests can use the laundry room and the communal room with fireplace.
Guests can use the pensione's e-mail.
Guests can use the pool at the property or take a short walk to the beach.
Guests can use the stadium with running tracks, swimming pool, sauna and gimnasium.
Guests can use their fingers to remove the shells and dip the prawns into the aioli.
Guests can use their own credit cards to access their rooms.
Guests can use their own credit cards to unlock their doors.
Guests can use their own fully equipped kitchen.
Guests can use their telescope to view migrating whales.
Guests can use two basketball courts, an indoor golf driving range and tennis court.
Guests can view calendars.
Guests can view glorious sunsets from their porch.
Guests can view images at the resolution of their choice.
Guests can view the beer making process right from their seats through large windows.
Guests can view the heavens through a high-powered telescope and visit with other astronomy buffs.
Guests can view the lighthouse after dark, a rare experience.
Guests can view the list and pictures of gifts online at confetti.co.uk and purchase a gift.
Guests can view the ongoing discussion.
Guests can view the trade leads, but to post or respond to messages requires a membership for a fee.
Guests can visit for the day, overnight, a weekend, or a week.
Guests can visit neighbouring restaurants and pubs located in the same quarter.
Guests can visit the area but only registered members can participate.
Guests can visit the same park twice or both parks on separate days.
Guests can wager on live racing and simulcast racing.
Guests can walk a block to the beach.
Guests can walk a private path from the hotel to the park.
Guests can walk across the street to the beach.
Guests can walk as little or as much as they want.
Guests can walk down the road to see cows or goats, or just enjoy the rural sights.
Guests can walk from the terminal to the hotel without going outside.
Guests can walk into town, which is only two blocks away.
Guests can walk next door to shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk or drive to shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk past the golf course to a beautiful sandy beach.
Guests can walk to attractions, boutiques, restaurants and nightclubs.
Guests can walk to attractions, boutiques, restaurants, and nightclubs.
Guests can walk to nearby shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk to restaurants and shops in Waikiki.
Guests can walk to restaurants, copy centers, libraries and specialty shops.
Guests can walk to shops and restaurants in the area.
Guests can walk to shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk to shops, schools, the library, restaurants, as well as tennis and golf.
Guests can walk to the beach and other attractions in the Waikiki area.
Guests can walk to the beach and other shops and restaurants in Waikiki.
Guests can walk to the beach, shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk to the beach, shops, and other restaurants in Waikiki.
Guests can walk to the beach, shops, and restaurants.
Guests can walk to the beach.
Guests can walk to the many nearby shops and restaurants.
Guests can walk to town for cultural events, fine dining or shopping.
Guests can walk.
Guests can wander onto the rooftop to find a pool, cabanas, and a canopied seating areas.
Guests can wander through art galleries and trendy boutiques in the former bedrooms.
Guests can wander through the open-air sculpture garden.
Guests can watch bakers at work behind picture windows.
Guests can watch food being freshly prepared in open kitchens.
Guests can watch for wildlife, including many varieties of birds, small animals and deer.
Guests can watch movies whenever they wish, rather than waiting for a start time.
Guests can watch team roping and barrel racing, and see demonstrations of rounding up cattle.
Guests can watch television or choose to borrow a book or magazine from our library.
Guests can watch the training of horses or see young ones frolicking in the pasture.
Guests can watch their food being cooked at the open charcoal oven and live cooking station.
Guests can wear Japanese kimonos and slippers.
Guests can win prizes at various guest booths.
Guests can wind down their day with a relaxing massage or a restorative yoga class.
Guests can work ranch cattle on adjacent national forest.
Guests can workout in the fitness center as well as enjoy the outdoor pool.
Guests can workout in the fitness center.
Guests can write letters to the baby.
Guests can, if they wish, ship home a virtual replica of their bedroom.
Guests carpool to the tour locations.
Guests carry personal camping gear, clothing, accessories and some food.
Guests carry their programs as they mingle.
Guests celebrating a birthday or anniversary receive a surprise gift.
Guests check in at a building designed like an old steamship.
Guests check in here for The Consulate and Apalachicola rentals.
Guests check out, also paying their bills.
Guests choose and boil their meat in the broth.
Guests choose from a variety of delicious breakfast entrees.
Guests choose from four exquisite rooms.
Guests choose from four guestrooms and a two-room, cottage with whirlpool bath.
Guests choose from three bedrooms all with private baths.
Guests choose how active they'd like to be.
Guests choose queen or king sized beds.
Guests choose the degree of difficulty and length of trip.
Guests choose the meats, vegetables, sauces and spices and watch as each meal is prepared.
Guests choose to prepare their own sleeping space.
Guests circle about the four evergreens while plucking a piece off each tree upon passing.
Guests circulate, examining others.
Guests clean and fuel their own boats and fish for special reduced rates.
Guests click here to log in.
Guests click on a day of interest and are shown a list of events for that day.
Guests climb the vinyl covered steps to the top and slide down to the bottom.
Guests come alone, in couples, threesomes, and larger groups.
Guests come and go as they please throughout their stay.
Guests come and go as they please with their own entrance keys.
Guests come back year after year in appreciation of the inviting rooms and outstanding food.
Guests come by to slip money into the sieve.
Guests come for a getaway, mountain views, antiquing, hiking, or local colleges.
Guests come for many reasons, from hiking and golfing to relaxation and meditation.
Guests come for the amazing birding and to take guided walks in the rain forest.
Guests come from all ages and walks of life.
Guests come from all over the United States and Canada.
Guests come from all over the world for Vermont's majestic foliage.
Guests come from all over the world to enjoy fall foliage in the White Mountains.
Guests come from all over the world to enjoy our peaceful location.
Guests come from all over the world to experience a western vacation.
Guests come from all parts of the world - Australia, Egypt, Latvia, and South Africa.
Guests come from all walks of life.
Guests come from different faiths, humanitarian groups and social service organizations.
Guests come from far and wide to reel in one of the country's famed black marlins.
Guests come from Germany, Holland, Sweden, Ireland and all over England.
Guests come from the world of practical politics, government, academia, and the media.
Guests come from various walks of life.
Guests come here for the stillness, the great breakfasts, the views and the hosts.
Guests come in costume.
Guests come in winter, of course, to ski and in summer to hike.
Guests come to early morning meditation and work until noon.
Guests come to sample a variety.
Guests come together at the place where they are invited.
Guests comment on shooting their best round here.
Guests comment on the quantity and quality of the authentic architecture and furnishings.
Guests comment, that they leave much healthier.
Guests communicate with parents by typing questions, then hear and see the responses.
Guests conclude their marine journey in the Caribbean exhibit.
Guests congregate in the living room, then bound off to the pubs together.
Guests continue to throng in at a rate of millions per week.
Guests contribute twenty-five cents.
Guests cook supplied food.
Guests cook their own breakfast.
Guests cook their own food but there is a cleaning service.
Guests cook their own meals in a well-equipped kitchen.
Guests dance a polka.
Guests dance the night away in an adjacent gazebo.
Guests decide when to get on and off the train to visit many of California's wonderful attractions.
Guests delight in a cup with the newspaper by the fire or on the veranda.
Guests delight in a full country breakfast served in the large formal dining room.
Guests delight in the beautiful hardwood floors and elegant shuttered windows.
Guests delight in their lean and strong body, their renewed energy, motivation and clarity.
Guests delight in watching dolphins enjoy their own breakfast in the River.
Guests depart from Uppsala.
Guests depart to tower bell music.
Guests describe breakfast as a 'fine dining experience'.
Guests deserve to be forewarned.
Guests desiring the use of an iron and ironing board please contact the office.
Guests determine the itinerary, and every effort is made to accommodate personal preferences.
Guests dine around the white marble pool beneath a canopy of seasonally-changing trees.
Guests dine at canopied tables in an informal garden atmosphere among giant ficus trees.
Guests dine at tables set with fine china, silver and crystal.
Guests dine at tables under the stars and beside the sea.
Guests dine at their convenience, overlooking our exclusive lake and the surrounding forest.
Guests dine in house-party style round one table in the dining room.
Guests dine in the elevated dining room with panoramic views over the lagoon.
Guests dine in two restaurants.
Guests dine on antique and collectible plates, featuring a different setting everyday.
Guests dine when and with whom they please.
Guests dine while watching a private show performed by killer whales.
Guests dine with enchanting views of the lake.
Guests dip the pieces of chicken into the dips which are served separately in small bowls.
Guests discover their senses, they open their eyes, and use their ears.
Guests discuss living with the aging disease Progeria.
Guests discuss the event behind a model of the completed facility.
Guests discuss their research and the general trends in their field.
Guests do as they please in other parts of the hotel property.
Guests do housekeeping of their bedrooms and kitchen cleanup while in residence.
Guests do their own housekeeping with linens and towels provided twice weekly.
Guests do without radios, TV or phones.
Guests draw their sign on their tee shirt.
Guests drink beers.
Guests drink wine and cocktails at a wedding reception.
Guests drive to both places and stay there.
Guests drop by, usually after a gig, to discuss their music and play a few songs live in the studio.
Guests eat a bit, danced a bit, drank a little and sang a lot.
Guests eat at picnic tables in the wooden hall.
Guests eat at round tables.
Guests eat at the hospital cafeteria and are also given portions of country food.
Guests eat in front of a screaming animal.
Guests eat in the dining hall inside the main house.
Guests eat more in brightly lit, colorfully decorated surroundings.
Guests eat on the screened porch overlooking the creek.
Guests eat the meal while standing.
Guests eat together at the designated time unless other arrangements are made.
Guests eat with the family, feed the animals, and help with farm chores.
Guests enjoy a complementary continental breakfast and weekend happy hour, just a walk to downtown.
Guests enjoy a complementary continental breakfast.
Guests enjoy a complimentary breakfast and evening reception every day.
Guests enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast daily, along with free newspaper.
Guests enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast each day as well as scheduled wine tasting.
Guests enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast, free local calling and meeting facilites.
Guests enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast.
Guests enjoy a complimentary full breakfast each morning.
Guests enjoy a continental breakfast and deli-style lunch.
Guests enjoy a continental breakfast of coffee, juice and rolls.
Guests enjoy a day at each attraction with spectacular live shows and exciting family rides.
Guests enjoy a delicious welcome dinner.
Guests enjoy a dinner- cruise on the lake.
Guests enjoy a free continental breakfast and afternoon tea.
Guests enjoy a free continental breakfast daily.
Guests enjoy a free continental breakfast.
Guests enjoy a full breakfast in the main dining room.
Guests enjoy a full breakfast including homemade biscuits and rolls, fresh fruits and juices.
Guests enjoy a full breakfast of baked breads, fresh fruit and hearty dishes.
Guests enjoy a full breakfast, afternoon appetizers, free parking and free access to a fitness club.
Guests enjoy a fully furnished studio suite with a kitchenette.
Guests enjoy a garden, sun-deck and large dining room.
Guests enjoy a hearty breakfast in an old homestead cabin.
Guests enjoy a hearty breakfast, served in an old homestead cabin.
Guests enjoy a hearty continental breakfast served each morning in the original formal dining room.
Guests enjoy a hot and cold buffet, open bar and giant screen TV's as they root for their team.
Guests enjoy a hot tub in the sun room, flowers and culinary herbs.
Guests enjoy a large en suite bath with tub and shower.
Guests enjoy a large French country breakfast.
Guests enjoy a large sundeck and pool overlooking the water.
Guests enjoy a large yard, beautiful gardens and the viewing of occasional seals and otters.
Guests enjoy a lovely tasting room, tours upon request, and a very knowledgeable, friendly staff.
Guests enjoy a menu of hot dogs, hamburgers, chips, salad, and pop.
Guests enjoy a personal touch from our friendly staff.
Guests enjoy a private entrance.
Guests enjoy a quiet retreat from the hustle of sight-seeing downtown.
Guests enjoy a quiet setting with access to a large backyard garden.
Guests enjoy a reception including food, entertainment, and a raffle.
Guests enjoy a relaxing holiday in a friendly atmosphere.
Guests enjoy a separate entrance and share a comfortable sitting room.
Guests enjoy a sitting area that includes a rocker and upholstered chair.
Guests enjoy a sitting room, dining room, kitchen and laundry.
Guests enjoy a spectacular sunset on the verandah on a warm summer night.
Guests enjoy a spectacular view as well as lively entertainment.
Guests enjoy a stylish, tropical ambience with a decidedly Bermudian flair.
Guests enjoy a summer series barbeque event.
Guests enjoy a sumptuous breakfast.
Guests enjoy a sumptuous candlelit dinner in a cozy, stone-walled room.
Guests enjoy a tour of the campus and get to stay overnight in the dorms.
Guests enjoy a traditional British breakfast, with excellent local bacon and sausages.
Guests enjoy a varied menu of meats, fresh fruits and vegetables, homemade breads, and desserts.
Guests enjoy a view of the sun setting into the Pacific Ocean, while waiting for the green flash.
Guests enjoy a welcome reception featuring Vermont's own products with optional bar.
Guests enjoy a welcoming reception in the lobby.
Guests enjoy a wide array of complimentary services, facilities and activities.
Guests enjoy a wide selection in ports, ships and length of cruise.
Guests enjoy access to our quiet stretch of private lakeshore, below mossy and flowered cliffs.
Guests enjoy afternoon tea with fresh-baked pastries upon arrival.
Guests enjoy afternoon tea, evening desserts and a gourmet breakfast.
Guests enjoy all privileges of the entire inn.
Guests enjoy an evening homemade snack and a full breakfast in the morning.
Guests enjoy an excellent breakfast and use of a hot tub.
Guests enjoy an excellent location, elegant surroundings and personalized service.
Guests enjoy an expansive, sunny living room with a billiards table plus a fully equipped kitchen.
Guests enjoy an outdoor jacuzzi, sauna and exercise room year-round.
Guests enjoy an outdoor swimming pool, one indoor and two outdoor hot tubs, and sauna.
Guests enjoy bayside ambiance on the two porches filled with comfortable wicker furnishings.
Guests enjoy beachfront or mountain views from large, inviting balconies.
Guests enjoy being pampered by the hotel's friendly, personalized service.
Guests enjoy being treated like royalty and are afforded spectacular views of downtown Seattle.
Guests enjoy breakfast in the dining room with a view of the lawns following the river bank.
Guests enjoy breakfast in the glassed-in dining room.
Guests enjoy breakfast rides, steak fry rides, long rides, evening rides and dusty rides.
Guests enjoy breakfast, with a breakfast dessert, keeping with the area's German heritage.
Guests enjoy cable television, private line telephone and a full private bath.
Guests enjoy caviar and a choice of seven expensive wines.
Guests enjoy close proximity to a wide variety of art galleries, antique shops and gift stores.
Guests enjoy comfortable bedrooms or luxury suites complete with plush terry robes.
Guests enjoy comfortable living with all facilities at their fingertips.
Guests enjoy comfortable living with all the facilities at their fingertips.
Guests enjoy complete privacy either within the converted barn or adjoining stables.
Guests enjoy complimentary continental breakfast, free local calls and free parking.
Guests enjoy complimentary continental breakfast.
Guests enjoy complimentary continental breakfasts and free local phone calls.
Guests enjoy complimentary formal tea or sherry upon arrival and chauffeured sedan service.
Guests enjoy complimentary full breakfast buffet.
Guests enjoy complimentary home-made snacks, fresh fruit and beverages which are always available.
Guests enjoy complimentary snacks and beverages in lovely common rooms.
Guests enjoy complimentary tennis, windsurfing, sunfish sailing, and snorkeling.
Guests enjoy complimentary use of a fine Boulder athletic club, as well as restaurant discounts.
Guests enjoy complimentary watersports and snorkeling numerous coral reefs .
Guests enjoy condominium convenience and privacy, plus hotel services.
Guests enjoy continental-plus breakfast in cozy breakfast room.
Guests enjoy cross-country skiing and snow shoeing on miles of uncrowded trails.
Guests enjoy day and night game drives as well as walks, boating and canoeing.
Guests enjoy delicious homestyle breakfasts, as well as relaxation in our guests' lounge.
Guests enjoy dining alfresco on the wrap-around verandah or in the private courtyard on sunny days.
Guests enjoy dining and lunch on their three-day visit.
Guests enjoy dining service in a private dining room set with china and fine linens.
Guests enjoy down comforters, fine lace and linens in a romantic relaxing atmosphere.
Guests enjoy easy proximity to all theme park attractions, golf and shopping.
Guests enjoy elegant American and European antiques in a relaxing and casual atmosphere.
Guests enjoy excellent cuisine, attentive service, warm conversation and a friendly atmosphere.
Guests enjoy exercise and game rooms, a hot tub and mingling at the daily breakfast buffet.
Guests enjoy extreme privacy with all of today's comforts.
Guests enjoy family style meals in the main lodge's spacious dining room.
Guests enjoy fantastic birding, tennis, hiking, heated pool.
Guests enjoy favorite beverages and breathtaking views from the glass encased cocktail lounge.
Guests enjoy feeding the fish at the dock.
Guests enjoy fine food enhanced by the attractive Venetian Bay setting.
Guests enjoy fine linens, antiques, complete privacy, and gourmet meals.
Guests enjoy first-class hospitality and comfort in a restored railroad hotel.
Guests enjoy fishing in pristine mountain lakes and streams and photographing abundant wildlife.
Guests enjoy fishing in pristine mountain lakes and streams, and photographing abundant wildlife.
Guests enjoy fishing in pristine mountin lakes and streams, and photographing abundant wildlife.
Guests enjoy fishing, swimming and hiking trails.
Guests enjoy food and entertainment, including a fashion show, singing, traditional dancing.
Guests enjoy food and wine furnished by pasadena's finest restaurants.
Guests enjoy food.
Guests enjoy free continental breakfast in a unique three-story atrium.
Guests enjoy free deluxe breakfast bar.
Guests enjoy free use of nearby leisure facilities.
Guests enjoy full breakfasts as well as stocked refrigerators.
Guests enjoy full country breakfast.
Guests enjoy full resort amenities.
Guests enjoy furnished, throughout the United States.
Guests enjoy game drives during the day and at night, walks, boating and canoeing.
Guests enjoy game drives, bush walks and superb meals.
Guests enjoy gas fireplace, jaccuzzi tub, and decks off luxury rooms.
Guests enjoy golf, boating, tennis, hiking, fishing, biking, sea kayaking and swimming.
Guests enjoy golf, tennis, swimming, excellent dining and cocktails, and charming accommodations.
Guests enjoy gourmet dining and nightly entertainment.
Guests enjoy great food, good company, and the best instructors in the business.
Guests enjoy hearty homemade breakfasts of favorite recipes.
Guests enjoy homemade snacks and beverages in the late afternoon.
Guests enjoy homemade soups, specialty salads, hearty sandwiches, fresh fish and pastas.
Guests enjoy horseback riding, hay rides, sleigh rides, cross country skiing, and hiking.
Guests enjoy horseback riding, swimming, hiking, tennis and other court games.
Guests enjoy individualized continental breakfast menus.
Guests enjoy indoor entrances with elecgtronic room locks and guest laundry.
Guests enjoy in-room complimentary coffee, large desks, high speed internet access.
Guests enjoy international cuisine and wine.
Guests enjoy it.
Guests enjoy lavish grounds and mountain views.
Guests enjoy library, fireplace, dining in sunroom, family TV room, billiards, darts in games room.
Guests enjoy live and pre-recorded sports, news, and current programming.
Guests enjoy live entertainment, exhibitors and enticing international foods.
Guests enjoy lounge areas, the gazebo, and plenty of off-street parking.
Guests enjoy luxurious resort accommodations.
Guests enjoy luxurious rooms decorated in soft hues of rose and green.
Guests enjoy meals.
Guests enjoy modern hotel rooms with private baths.
Guests enjoy New Zealand hospitality and comfort in alpine surroundings.
Guests enjoy newly planted garden.
Guests enjoy on-site gourmet cooking made with ingredients produced on neighboring Amish farms.
Guests enjoy our generous and varied continental breakfast as well as afternoon tea.
Guests enjoy our homemade tollhouse cookies and hot mulled cider every winter afternoon.
Guests enjoy our patio overlooking a pristine meadow.
Guests enjoy our private wharf for crabbing and boat charters.
Guests enjoy our quilt collection, a feast of fabric and design.
Guests enjoy our relevant preaching, our sense of friendly community and our quality music.
Guests enjoy our swimming pool and garden railroad.
Guests enjoy our tennis court, volleyball court, playground and gameroom in the lodge.
Guests enjoy our unique home-baked breakfast buffet.
Guests enjoy outdoor hot tub, sauna and on-site massage facility.
Guests enjoy outstanding service.
Guests enjoy over ten miles of dune land trails right on the resort property.
Guests enjoy over two acres of wooded surroundings.
Guests enjoy panoramic views from their choice of executive or family accommodation.
Guests enjoy panoramic vistas from the beautiful gazebo or the benches perched on the bluff's edge.
Guests enjoy photographing the flora and fauna that abound.
Guests enjoy poolside lounging beside ocean view outdoor pool or indoor pool and spa.
Guests enjoy poolside service, and live entertainment.
Guests enjoy popular live entertainment in an energetic and lively atmosphere.
Guests enjoy private baths, balconies and maid service.
Guests enjoy private suites with private bathes and showers.
Guests enjoy properties.
Guests enjoy quiet rooms with en suite baths, plush queen beds and ceiling fans.
Guests enjoy quiet strolls along the promenade.
Guests enjoy reading on the deck in summer or in front of the fire in winter.
Guests enjoy reading, writing or watching TV while in the library.
Guests enjoy refined elegance and personalized service.
Guests enjoy relaxing around our pool and adjacent children's pool.
Guests enjoy relaxing in one of the two comfortable wing back chairs.
Guests enjoy relaxing in the spa temperatures of the outdoor pool.
Guests enjoy relaxing in the spacious guest lounge with complimentary tea or coffee.
Guests enjoy romantic sunsets on an acre and a half of palm-fringed beachfront land.
Guests enjoy scenic ocean views and landscaped tropical gardens.
Guests enjoy scrumptious meals in refreshing surroundings.
Guests enjoy sitting at the shore, watching the sailboats as the tide ebbs and flows.
Guests enjoy sitting by the fire in the winter.
Guests enjoy six rooms with private baths .
Guests enjoy slope-side hot tub, sauna, ski lockers, and covered valet parking.
Guests enjoy smoke - free comfort, ocean views, private baths and scrumptious breakfasts.
Guests enjoy snorkeling and swimming and revel in the enchanted marine life.
Guests enjoy spa privileges at The Fairways of Palm-Aire.
Guests enjoy spacious rooms with fireplaces, private baths, and televisions.
Guests enjoy spacious two-room suites .
Guests enjoy spacious, comfortable accommodations with ensuite bath.
Guests enjoy spectacular sunsets with quiet, unobtrusive service and softly played piano classics.
Guests enjoy spectacular views from private sunny balconies.
Guests enjoy stylish rooms which are good value for money.
Guests enjoy superbly maintained grounds and an outdoor hot tub for stargazing and relaxing.
Guests enjoy swimming in the natural swimming hole in season and our seasonal cattle roundups.
Guests enjoy swimming, walking trails, creek fishing, bird watching and finding wild flowers.
Guests enjoy taking walking tours of the famous homes or enjoying the sites on their own.
Guests enjoy tasting our many fine wines and a complimentary glass of their choice.
Guests enjoy the access to Hot Water Beach where thermal water warms the lake.
Guests enjoy the award winning landscaped gardens, courtyards, outdoor pool and patios.
Guests enjoy the beach decor particularly the wallpaper scenes.
Guests enjoy the breeze of the lake in the summer and the quiet stillness in the winter.
Guests enjoy the chance to visit.
Guests enjoy the choice of two luxurious bedrooms with ensuite and private deck.
Guests enjoy the comfort and convenience of home, all for the price of an ordinary hotel room.
Guests enjoy the comfort of home in our spacious rooms, equipped with either king or double beds.
Guests enjoy the continental breakfast, restaurant, and spa.
Guests enjoy the convenience of the rooms proximity to the locker area and other dining rooms.
Guests enjoy the early morning hush orchestrated by a chorus of mountain birds.
Guests enjoy the eight individually decorated guestrooms.
Guests enjoy the flat terrain and interesting homes and gardens.
Guests enjoy the food and beverage offerings because of high quality regional ingredients.
Guests enjoy the four seasons of the forest in cottages surrounding a beautiful park area.
Guests enjoy the gourmet grits, homemade breads, quiches, and preserves.
Guests enjoy the indoor and outdoor pools, a spa, a fitness room, a game room and a gift shop.
Guests enjoy the maximum comfort.
Guests enjoy the outdoor hot tub year-round.
Guests enjoy the outdoors at Mansfield.
Guests enjoy the panoramic vistas from the gazebo or the benches perched on the bluff's edge.
Guests enjoy the parlor and dining room where complimentary fresh fruit and drinks are available.
Guests enjoy the picnic and recreation area on the lake front.
Guests enjoy the pool, gardens, and picnic under the towering maples and pines.
Guests enjoy the pool, kitchen, and laundromat.
Guests enjoy the pre-dinner reception.
Guests enjoy the prepared lunch and use the newspapers and phone to seek employment and housing.
Guests enjoy the private beach, sauna, healthy breakfasts.
Guests enjoy the reception following the ceremony.
Guests enjoy the results.
Guests enjoy the rose garden from the back patio.
Guests enjoy the same beverages upstairs.
Guests enjoy the same privileges and facilities as hotel guests.
Guests enjoy the Swedish foods, restful settings, and gracious hospitality.
Guests enjoy the swim- up bar at the pool.
Guests enjoy the unique comfort provided by propane lights and the propane heated showerhouse.
Guests enjoy the use of a steam room, jacuzzi, outdoor heated pool, exercise room and spa services.
Guests enjoy the use of our heated indoor pool, sauna and exercise room.
Guests enjoy the use of our living room, den, dining room and also have kitchen privileges.
Guests enjoy the warmth and homey comfort radiated from five fireplaces.
Guests enjoy the warmth, atmosphere, gracious rooms, and log fires.
Guests enjoy the yards and gardens.
Guests enjoy the yards, gardens and library.
Guests enjoy their hillside hideaway while horses and deer graze in peaceful meadows.
Guests enjoy their hillside romantic hideaway while horses and deer graze in peaceful meadows.
Guests enjoy their vacations surrounded by luxuries within an escape atmosphere.
Guests enjoy themselves and each other, in the game room, and while tuning skis at the work bench.
Guests enjoy themselves at the event's main tent.
Guests enjoy three course gourmet breakfasts each morning in the breakfast room.
Guests enjoy trails hikes, mountain climbing, swimming, fishing and boating.
Guests enjoy trying something new it adds even more fun and vacation to their vacation experience.
Guests enjoy two golf courses, tennis courts, indoor and outdoor pools and a children's program.
Guests enjoy uninterrupted silence and the bounty of wildlife.
Guests enjoy use of personal bathrobes and refreshments upon arrival.
Guests enjoy valet parking, a grand staircase, mirrored ballrooms, and handmade Spanish-tile floors.
Guests enjoy viewing our garden areas and taking walks along our back trail.
Guests enjoy views of the ocean and sound from porches with comfortable swings.
Guests enjoy wandering through the garden on the landscaped pathways.
Guests enjoy wandering through the garden where quiet times are a welcome rejuvenation.
Guests enjoy warm hospitality and solitude.
Guests enjoy watching the birds and squirrels in the back yard at breakfast.
Guests enjoy watching the birds while sipping their morning coffee in their own private garden.
Guests enjoy watching the large colorful koi that inhabit the pond.
Guests enjoy wonderful food.
Guests enjoy world-class catering on board the train.
Guests enroll when booking or online.
Guests enter a giant hangar to find themselves viewing an air show.
Guests enter a long hallway.
Guests enter an opulent lobby flanked by botanical gardens.
Guests enter and are immediately struck by the illusion of taking an outdoor walk.
Guests Enter and browse unsecured components.
Guests enter and then are drawn into the living room where the ceiling is two stories high.
Guests enter areas.
Guests enter dining room assisted in locating their assigned seating.
Guests enter from the direction associated with flexibility or penetration.
Guests enter from the front of the building and encounter an elegant foyer with a winding stairway.
Guests enter from the outside wall.
Guests Enter Here Welcome to the Teacher's Web.
Guests enter homes.
Guests enter next level up.
Guests enter our gates onto a vast lotus lawn of sculpted gardens and rustic on carts.
Guests enter the facility through a small swimming pool-like entrance in the wet room.
Guests enter the Strip resort beneath a massive sphinx.
Guests enter the vessel through a central lobby surrounded by marble columns and original murals.
Guests enter the villa through a gracious courtyard and entrance foyer.
Guests enter through a huge door in a stone turret decorated with griffins.
Guests enter through oversized wooden doors into a fabulously designed dining room.
Guests enter through the bar, which is flanked on either side by dining rooms.
Guests enter through the upper concourse.
Guests entering by the first floor courtyard doors come into the main lobby.
Guests entering clubhouses are limited to read-only access.
Guests entering communities are limited to read-only access.
Guests entering conferences are limited to read-only access.
Guests entering conferences have limited access.
Guests entering discussion group are limited to read-only access.
Guests even get business cards printed with phone and fax numbers for the duration of their stay.
Guests expect a quick check out with accurate billing.
Guests expect and deserve strict standards of cleanliness.
Guests expect to be wined and dined and moved by the ceremony.
Guests expect wedding cakes to taste fabulous, and bakers have responded enthusiastically.
Guests experience comfortable elegance and memorable breakfasts.
Guests experience exciting, fast moving programs designed to meet the needs of the entire family.
Guests experience the best indoor comfort and outdoor pleasures in a romantic and historic setting.
Guests experience the excitement of Atlanta or the warmth of a small southern town.
Guests experience the harmonious blend of nature on the fenced ten-acre estate.
Guests explore some of Arizona's undeveloped cave systems.
Guests explore their interests and interact with the surrounding community.
Guests explore their interests and interact with their surrounding community.
Guests extending their stay have plenty of time for shopping, sightseeing or just relaxing.
Guests favor what's easiest to consume, and hosts want something easy to make.
Guests feel as if they've rented the whole house.
Guests feel at home as they snuggle into our comfortable beds for a restful night's sleep.
Guests feel at home as they snuggle into our warm comfortable beds for a restful night's sleep.
Guests feel comfortable, welcome and unrestricted.
Guests feel confident booking their accomodations without ever seeing it in person.
Guests feel happy when they leave.
Guests feel part of the outdoors as constant tropical breezes pass through screened window walls.
Guests feel safe and loved.
Guests feel themselves transported the old garden in their imagination.
Guests feel they are visiting a friend.
Guests find a certain peace and quiet, so difficult to find elsewhere.
Guests find a good nights sleep on either a queen or king bed depending on the room.
Guests find an affordable, peaceful place to rest and guidance in various activities.
Guests find consistently beautiful weather and endless resort activity choices.
Guests find it a delight to enjoy lunch and relax.
Guests find it increasingly challenging to organize a vacation here by themselves.
Guests find our amenities unbeatable and our service impeccable.
Guests find our home relaxing and enjoy our full country breakfasts.
Guests find their quarters in spotlessly swept but simple adobe cells.
Guests find their rooms stocked with natural soaps and shampoos.
Guests find their seats.
Guests find welcoming and comfortable oversize rooms.
Guests fish from the stern.
Guests fish, swim, cross country ski, snowmobile and snowshoe, all from our front door.
Guests fly in to Bismarck or Dickinson, ND airport, rent a vehicle and drive to the camp.
Guests follow actors and actresses through the park's footpaths during the productions.
Guests gasp, murmur.
Guests gather around the campfire while injoying the cool evening air.
Guests gather every afternoon for appetizers and conversation.
Guests gather for a birthday party.
Guests gather for champagne and are then seated for the evening's fare.
Guests gather for three fabulous meals daily, served family style in the dining hall.
Guests gather in a porch called the machiai and wait until they are summoned.
Guests gather in the dining room for breakfast.
Guests gather in the evenings on a wooden observation deck to use the telescopes.
Guests gather in the main lodge for meals and relaxing evenings.
Guests gather in the restaurant each morning for a generous buffet breakfast.
Guests gear the gift toward the hour on their invitation.
Guests generally bring gifts of utensils, clothes, toys, etc.
Guests generally present three seminars during their visit and are available to meet with students.
Guests generally wait in line with their family or group.
Guests get a bed to sleep in and access to the community cafeteria.
Guests get a chance to place their bets and watch to see if their favorites bring it all home.
Guests get a continental breakfast, and have use of beach umbrellas, chairs, and beach towels.
Guests get a first class seat from which to see the minutiae of rail operations.
Guests get a peek inside the world of automobile testing.
Guests get a rare sneak peek inside the long-exclusive world of automobile testing.
Guests get a taste of that intriguing life behind the silver screen.
Guests get an adorable, small, suede notebook to mark daily choices.
Guests get an entry ticket with every purchase for chances to win drawings held at half-time.
Guests get complimentary access to kayaks, snorkeling gear and tennis courts.
Guests get discounts.
Guests get fit or stay in condition by having fun.
Guests get free admission to the hotel's health club.
Guests get free breakfast and evening cocktails.
Guests get free passes to use the ranch's beautiful pool and tennis courts.
Guests get free use of a private beach, tennis court, canoes, pedal boats, saunas, and hot tubs.
Guests get into rafts that are positioned in front of large projection screens.
Guests get newly laundered towels and sheets once per week.
Guests get personalized business cards listing a direct-dial room phone and fax.
Guests get preferential tee times.
Guests get the feeling that the innkeepers actually care that everyone has the best possible day.
Guests get the sense of being part of one big party.
Guests get to know more about nature and learn to live with it and in it.
Guests get to participate and do things the ranch cowboys do in their everyday life.
Guests get to pick and keep their horse all week, and all riding lessons are included.
Guests get to taste the entries, along with food and wine.
Guests go first.
Guests go out of their way to appreciate the hospitality of their hosts.
Guests go there, do their own cooking, and bring their own horses.
Guests go to a ticket counter, where they get passports and tickets.
Guests go to register the name at reception area.
Guests graze on prime rib, scallops, risotto, caviar and gourmet wines.
Guests harvest much of the produce which they eat a short time later.
Guests hate it.
Guests have (part) arms.
Guests have (part) body substances.
Guests have (part) cell membranes.
Guests have (part) cells.
Guests have (part) corpi.
Guests have (part) cytoplasm.
Guests have (part) heads.
Guests have (part) human bodies.
Guests have (part) legs.
Guests have (part) material bodies.
Guests have (part) necks.
Guests have (part) nuclei.
Guests have (part) personality.
Guests have (part) plasma membranes.
Guests have (part) sections.
Guests have (part) vacuoles.
Guests have a chance to explore the site as the guides rig canoes for the first day on the river.
Guests have a chance to relax, enjoy the porches and sample the fudge.
Guests have a choice between smoking and non-smoking accommodation.
Guests have a choice of accommodations including resort rooms and suites.
Guests have a choice of breakfast by the pool, in our cozy dining room or in our country kitchen.
Guests have a choice of country-charming dining areas or a heated garden patio.
Guests have a choice of dining and entertaining venues as there are three restaurants and five bars.
Guests have a choice of either king or twin-sized beds.
Guests have a choice of hotel rooms, suites, condos and villas, or single-family homes for rent.
Guests have a choice of room service or coffee shop buffet breakfast.
Guests have a choice of room types depending on their needs and number of travelers.
Guests have a choice of shore lunch or box lunches.
Guests have a choice of single, double or twin rooms.
Guests have a choice of smoking or non-smoking floors.
Guests have a choice of standard, king rooms, leisure or whirlpool suites.
Guests have a choice of standard, superior, deluxe rooms or suites with kitchenettes.
Guests have a choice of staying fully or partly self-catering.
Guests have a choice of the full menu which is changed nightly.
Guests have a choice of three restaurants.
Guests have a choice of three types of accommodations - designed to fit all budgets.
Guests have a choice of three, tastefully decorated bedrooms.
Guests have a choice of two departure times.
Guests have a choice of two entrees nightly along with soup, salad and homemade desserts.
Guests have a choice of two rooms on the second level of the retreat.
Guests have a fascinating scenery of wildlife, rocks, colorful vegetation, and beautiful mountains.
Guests have a large sitting room for their own use.
Guests have a limited time period to unscramble words associated with babies.
Guests have a living room with cable TV, Full country breakfast.
Guests have a private entrance and accommodations, but it is a portion of the host's home.
Guests have a private entrance and use of fridge and combi microwave.
Guests have a private entrance that leads down to the guest rooms.
Guests have a separate shower room.
Guests have a special chance to relive the life of a bygone era.
Guests have a special status in Turkmen culture.
Guests have a variety of choices from our menu.
Guests have a wide choice of accommodation from single, double, king leisure to executive rooms.
Guests have access only to tables of contents and abstracts.
Guests have access to a buffet breakfast, restaurant, bar, nightclub and ski shop.
Guests have access to a fax machine and photocopier.
Guests have access to a full-service health club, indoor pool with whirlpool, sauna and steam room.
Guests have access to a nearby golf course and tennis courts for a nominal fee.
Guests have access to a nearby health club for a fee.
Guests have access to a pool and fitness facilities.
Guests have access to a private garden.
Guests have access to a private, upstairs porch.
Guests have access to a refrigerator.
Guests have access to a sandy beach, nature trails, fishing and crabbing piers.
Guests have access to a TV lounge and laundry facilities.
Guests have access to a video library and complimentary beverage service.
Guests have access to a washer dryer room and plenty of parking space.
Guests have access to a wide variety of activities - See web site for price sheet.
Guests have access to all recreational facilities, including the game room and swimming pool.
Guests have access to an exercise room in the hotel.
Guests have access to an indoor pool, hot tub, and game room.
Guests have access to fabulous golf, tennis, food, a long beach, and a great kids and teens program.
Guests have access to fax machines, photocopying and secretarial services.
Guests have access to ice and vending machines.
Guests have access to kitchen facilities and laundry machines.
Guests have access to modern laundry facilities on site and one of several propane barbecues.
Guests have access to nearby gyms.
Guests have access to off-site exercise facility.
Guests have access to our ocean pier to relax, swim in the ocean or depart for snorkeling.
Guests have access to parlor with fireplace and great view of the lake, or sit on deck.
Guests have access to private parking.
Guests have access to public phones and modem jacks.
Guests have access to recreational and dining facilities at four other luxury resorts.
Guests have access to relaxing sitting room and spacious private deck.
Guests have access to rooms at all times.
Guests have access to the common room for conversation or reading.
Guests have access to the first document of each section, feel free to browse.
Guests have access to the garden.
Guests have access to the guest house throughout the day.
Guests have access to the house at any time of the day.
Guests have access to the on-site full service fitness center and spa.
Guests have access to the patio, pool and barbecue area on a shared basis.
Guests have access to the reservations phone and pay phones.
Guests have access to their rooms all day.
Guests have access to their rooms at all times.
Guests have access to two beaches right down the slope from their rooms.
Guests have access to two full bathrooms and one half bath.
Guests have also at their disposal a coffee and drink bar, sauna, fitness club and solarium.
Guests have an incomparable panoramic view of the surrounding area.
Guests have an opportunity to meet members of the student association and are encouraged to join.
Guests have at their disposal a suite of rooms with a private entry.
Guests have at their disposal rooms with bath.
Guests have beach access, and there is also a top-notch restaurant.
Guests have been known to bottle our water and take it home, it's so delicious.
Guests have breakfast in the Lodge.
Guests have comfortable bedrooms with private bathrooms, and separate study rooms.
Guests have complementary use of the sauna, hot tub, exercise facilities, lap pool.
Guests have complimentary access to the comprehensive facilities of the health club.
Guests have complimentary use of a secure indoor carpark and sauna.
Guests have complimentary use of non-motorized watersports, chaise lounge chairs and towels.
Guests have complimentary use of the canoes, kayaks and snorkelling gear.
Guests have direct access to the beach along with a concession.
Guests have easy access to all area cultural attractions as well as neighborhood shops and dining.
Guests have easy access to the Marina's shops and restaurants.
Guests have easy access to the perfect white sand beach below the villa.
Guests have easy access to the restaurants, beach shop and water sports at the adjacent resort.
Guests have easy access to the restaurants, beach shop and watersports at the adjacent resort.
Guests have exclusive use of the house and the amenities on the estate.
Guests have first priority, but it is certainly worth it to inquire about available courts.
Guests have fishing privileges.
Guests have free access to kayaks and mountain bikes to undertake their own adventures.
Guests have free access to the furnished garden and parking is within the property grounds.
Guests have free ice, use of heated indoor pool, saunas, chaises and all facilities.
Guests have free use of snorkelling gear, surf skis, volleyball and French boule.
Guests have full access to everyone of our music, movie, game and TV previews.
Guests have full and complete control of room temperature while physically present.
Guests have full privileges at both courses.
Guests have full run of the house, including the kitchen.
Guests have full use of a large attractive drawing room overlooking the patio.
Guests have full use of all hotel facilities.
Guests have full use of grounds, library and lounge areas.
Guests have full use of Inn and optional breakfast each morning.
Guests have full use of private leisure facilities including swimming pool at sister hotel.
Guests have full use of the grounds.
Guests have full use of the home.
Guests have full use of the house as well as their rooms.
Guests have full use of the large turret room library.
Guests have full use of the living room, ocean-front dining room, and fully equipped kitchen.
Guests have full use of the main part of the well appointed house.
Guests have full use of the ranch's recreational facilities.
Guests have full use of the secluded garden and, in summer, breakfast can be served on the terrace.
Guests have full use of the secluded garden, and in summer breakfast can be served on the terrace.
Guests have full use of two hot tubs and a heated swimming pool.
Guests have fun while supporting a worthwhile cause.
Guests have golf privileges at a nearby club.
Guests have kitchen privileges.
Guests have limited access to Blackboard course features.
Guests have limited access to library collections, equipment, seating, and services.
Guests have lots of stories to tell of their adventures that day.
Guests have many chances to go ashore for hiking and bird watching.
Guests have more control over the reservation process, and enjoy a more personalized experience.
Guests have no choice but to step on the portrait to reach the front desk.
Guests have numerous options for meals and entertainment.
Guests have off-street parking, quality appointments and comfortable beds.
Guests have opportunity to observe the squirrels and birds at play more easily.
Guests have options.
Guests have other needs they are willing to spend money on as well.
Guests have plenty of room to waltz or two-step.
Guests have private baths, access to the grand dining room, game room, pool, television and library.
Guests have private entrance, private bathroom.
Guests have private furnished rooms with linen supplied.
Guests have privileges at the casino next door.
Guests have separate check-in and are chauffeured to the door of their villa.
Guests have several options for entertainment or relaxation within the Lodge.
Guests have sole use of the drawing room and library.
Guests have some of the most amazing scenery in New Mexico at their feet.
Guests Have students examine dance in the mass media.
Guests Have students investigate dance in Saskatchewan and Canada.
Guests have summer swimming-pool privileges.
Guests have swimming pool and tennis court privileges.
Guests have the choice between a hardwood guest room floors and traditional Chinese furnishings.
Guests have the choice of an open chair , bubble chair , or a fully enclosed gondola car .
Guests have the choice of an open chair, bubble chair, or a fully enclosed gondola car.
Guests have the choice of four bedrooms, plus a bunkroom for children.
Guests have the choice of the individual studios or two bedrooms in the adjacent home.
Guests have the choice of two rooms, both with private baths.
Guests have the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen with gas appliances.
Guests have the distinct opinion that the concept has class and character.
Guests have the opportunity to do between four and five dives a day.
Guests have the opportunity to enjoy breakfast together in the spacious, sunny dining room.
Guests have the opportunity to explore, and fish, the area's lakes and streams.
Guests have the opportunity to handle rare snakes, spiders, lizards and birds.
Guests have the opportunity to participate in everything from parasailing to deep-sea fishing.
Guests have the opportunity to swim with the dolphins in a saltwater, sandy-beached tidal lagoon.
Guests have the opportunity to view the animals in an up close and personal manner.
Guests have the option of adding meals to the price of their room rate.
Guests have the option of bringing their own snack and beverage.
Guests have the option of bringing their own snacks and beverages.
Guests have the option of sleeping inside the rooms or outside on a mattress on the side porches.
Guests have the option to re-use sheets and towels to reduce energy and laundry detergent.
Guests have the same right to appeal as residents.
Guests have the use of a large comfortable air-conditioned lounge with a cosy open fire for winter.
Guests have the use of a lounge inside the house, complete with grand piano.
Guests have the use of a nearby health club with fully equipped gymnasium and swimming pool.
Guests have the use of a nearby sports club with complimentary transport to and from the hotel.
Guests have the use of a separate sitting room with books and games.
Guests have the use of barbeque facilities and the private swimming pool.
Guests have the use of one of the lounges, the dining room and the piano room.
Guests have the use of the living and dinning room and snacks are available in the kitchen.
Guests have the use of the lounge, dining room and the kitchen.
Guests have the use of the resort's Clubhouse and outdoor swimming pool with patio area.
Guests have the use of the swimming pool and convenient access to the garden.
Guests have the use of the swimming pool and surrounding lawn pool deck.
Guests have the use of the swimming pool, the tennis court and the snooker and table tennis tables.
Guests have the use of two canoes, and there is access to the river just in front of the house.
Guests have the whole house to themselves.
Guests have their choice of a spacious studio with efficiency or full-size kitchen.
Guests have their choice of arriving by boat or plane.
Guests have their choice of seven wonderfully decorated bed and breakfast rooms.
Guests have their choice of three comfortable rooms.
Guests have their own bathroom with plenty of hot water.
Guests have their own bedroom and share a living room, kitchen and full bath with other guests.
Guests have their own cozy sitting area with an adjoining private bath.
Guests have their own en suite bathroom, entrance and parking space.
Guests have their own entrance to their accommodation that is in a separate wing of the house.
Guests have their own key and can come and go at their own leisure.
Guests have their own key to the front door so they can come and go as they please.
Guests have their own keys for access at all times.
Guests have their own keys so they can come and go as they please.
Guests have their own keys with access to rooms at all times.
Guests have their own living room with fireplace, cable TV and private entrance.
Guests have their own lounge.
Guests have their own peaceful lounge with colour television and separate dining room.
Guests have their own private entrance and access to a small mini-kitchen.
Guests have their own private entrance and off-street parking.
Guests have their own private entrance and parking area.
Guests have their own private entrance.
Guests have their own private living room with a dining area a part from their bedroom.
Guests have their own private pool or can use the Mandalay Bay pools.
Guests have their own separate lounge and dining room and privacy is assured.
Guests have their own sitting room with big log fire.
Guests have their own sitting room with views over the terrace and gardens.
Guests have their own sitting room.
Guests have three nearby beaches to enjoy.
Guests have three rooms from which to choose, each with private bath and phone.
Guests have to access to a pool, tennis courts, water-sport rentals, and an activity desk.
Guests have to be accommodated in separate single rooms.
Guests have to feel each sock using their FEET ONLY and try to guess what is in the sock.
Guests have to fend for themselves, though most hotels do offer a group rate for wedding parties.
Guests have to furnish their own meats to grill and any side dishes.
Guests have unlimited access to their rooms.
Guests have unlimited use of an outdoor king-sized hot tub and outdoor grill and dining.
Guests have use of a conservatory.
Guests have use of a large pool and whirlpool on a red rock view patio accessed by a funicular.
Guests have use of a luxury sedan for downtown destinations.
Guests have use of a spa on the sunporch.
Guests have use of entire house including kitchen and laundry facilities.
Guests have use of kitchen and laundry facilities.
Guests have use of large common room with fireplace and grand piano.
Guests have use of large kitchen for tea and coffee making.
Guests have use of our large, well equipped, self-catering kitchen.
Guests have use of sitting room and garden.
Guests have use of the dining room as well as the many other club facilities.
Guests have use of the fully equipped club motivation leisure centre.
Guests have use of the grounds, the library, and share meals with the community.
Guests have use of the indoor pool, sauna, and whirlpool.
Guests have use of the large living room, sun room, pool and gardens.
Guests have use of the local tennis courts.
Guests have use of the lounge.
Guests have use of the outdoor pool, the boat ramp and dock.
Guests have year-around access to the adjacent pier and swimming pool.
Guests head to a nearby converted farmhouse for the night.
Guests help out with everything from cattle drives to branding calves and chasing down strays.
Guests help themselves and pass the food to one another.
Guests help themselves as the top tier of the table spins.
Guests help themselves to a sumptuous lunch at the buffet.
Guests help themselves to an array of food in a private dining area.
Guests help themselves to berries and pour on cream.
Guests help themselves to juice, various cereals, muffins, fruit, etc. for breakfast.
Guests help themselves, sign a log book, and pay when they leave.
Guests help with cooking and other household chores, and have access to a washer and dryer.
Guests help with research projects.
Guests here can choose from a variety of dining and beverage options.
Guests here can count on a bit of walking.
Guests here can indulge in long-lost contemplation.
Guests here can make their own grilled meals and drinks.
Guests here enjoy horseback riding, short hikes, or fishing.
Guests here enjoy leaving for the fishing grounds from the front yard at river's edge.
Guests hesitate desperately before they brave the sanctuary.
Guests hike through the woods and climb rock formations right on the property.
Guests hop from wind sailing to scuba to flag football.
Guests hurry to the hangar bay for the party.
Guests indicate at whose table they wish to sit when they make their reservations.
Guests initiate the contact to arrange the stay and pay the hosts upon arrival.
Guests interact with the waterfall using a control center located on the upper level.
Guests join hosts in the dining room of their home for a full breakfast each morning.
Guests join now .
Guests join the cowboys moving cattle, riding fences or checking for strays.
Guests join up with others to form a three-letter word.
Guests just eat.
Guests just relax, enjoy a cooking demonstration, a scrumptious meal and good company.
Guests keep the bowls as a reminder that there are always empty bowls in the world.
Guests keep their car in a heated garage.
Guests kitchen and laundry.
Guests kneel before it and musicians sing before it .
Guests laugh, too, as the sample menu is read.
Guests lean down or squat to pass money or keys through the registration window.
Guests learn about the geology and stars during campfire programs on guided trail rides.
Guests learn about the registry by word of mouth.
Guests learn about the wine-making process.
Guests learn about village customs and enjoy the scenic surroundings.
Guests learn English and travel to cultural, historic, and scenic sites.
Guests learn how to crab and create their own crab catcher.
Guests learn Scuba basics in the morning and dive a shallow coral reef that afternoon.
Guests learn the signals for a few tricks, play around a bit, and submit to the requisite splash.
Guests learn to participate and assist in preservation and lessening the impact on fragile areas.
Guests leave a little food on the plate to indicate they're satisfied.
Guests leave their shoes at the door and wear socks inside.
Guests leave with a deepened understanding of themselves and their place on the wheel of life.
Guests leave with better physical and mental attitude, than when they arrived.
Guests like to gather around the fireplace to get to know each other.
Guests like to gather at our picnic tables after the tours to share stories under our mango trees.
Guests like to grab something and then head outside.
Guests linger in the three friendly and intimate parlors.
Guests linger over breakfast because both the food and the atmosphere are so outstanding.
Guests linger over coffee while getting acquainted in a friendly, relaxed atmosphere.
Guests live on the premises and receive individual and group counselling.
Guests live together in tent villages.
Guests log in to sample lessons.
Guests look at the publications exhibit around the central telescope pier.
Guests look forward to being pampered and fed.
Guests looking for local flavor beyond mealtime often have to venture off site.
Guests looking out the main lobby's large glass windows see only a grassy hillside.
Guests lose a lot by staying here.
Guests lose breath points when they talk.
Guests lounge on couches.
Guests lounge with satellite television and a beautiful view along the Hoe.
Guests lounge with television.
Guests love going for a walk in the woods at our cabin.
Guests love it and often come back for a second helping.
Guests love our country-style cuisine.
Guests love our elegant rooms, our sumptous chocolate truffles, and our delicious hearty breakfasts.
Guests love our new climbing and rappelling wall.
Guests love our ranch style rides.
Guests love our three very old grandfather clocks.
Guests love relaxing in their own rooms while staying at the Inn.
Guests love the convenience of leaving their car in our secured parking lot and walking everywhere.
Guests love the convenience of walking around downtown or to the beach.
Guests love the crocheted bed cover and the beautiful view.
Guests love the shady areas around the cabins and the breezes from the lake.
Guests love to explore, experiencing the architectural levels, antiques, decoys and art.
Guests love to linger in our warm and welcoming porches.
Guests love to roam in the forty acres of peaceful park and woodland.
Guests love to sit in the swing or the rocking chairs and enjoy the peaceful country atmosphere.
Guests love to sit on the front porch and admire the view.
Guests love to wander trails marked by deer or pick berries in the surrounding fields.
Guests make a more formal and ritualized event.
Guests make beds on arrival.
Guests make effort.
Guests make good use of the two larger swimming pools and there is a children's wading pool as well.
Guests make posts on the topic level.
Guests make presentations.
Guests make their breakfast selection from the menu before going to bed each night.
Guests make their own beds, cook their own lunch, and clean up after themselves.
Guests make their own beds.
Guests make their own choice o accompaniments .
Guests make their own meals and provide their own boat and motor or canoe.
Guests make their selection from a display of four to eight different types of teas.
Guests make their way past the media horde and board rickety Greek fishing boats.
Guests make their way to their cars and queue to exit.
Guests make themselves at home in front of the lobby fireplace with a newspaper and a cup of tea.
Guests marvel at the old beams and stone walls.
Guests means total number of occupants, including children.
Guests meet at an open air pavilion for meals.
Guests meet for drinks before enjoying a home cooked evening meal.
Guests meet in the hacienda for a social cocktail hour around seven p.m. every evening.
Guests meet, chat, import and annotate images in the e-board, and browse Web sites.
Guests mill about, talking or gawking at the eclectic decor.
Guests mingle in a personal atmosphere.
Guests mislay their glasses, so have plenty to spare.
Guests move among tables laden with salmon tarts, baked brie and vegetable dip.
Guests move easily to meeting sites throughout the building.
Guests move from one room or another with slow metallic crumps, denting the corrugations.
Guests move swiftly though the process, receiving a printed statement as an official tax receipt.
Guests much purchase a two-drink ticket.
Guests narrowly escape a ferocious snowstorm and a sudden avalanche.
Guests never go away hungry or parched when they visit the snack shop or full service banquet area.
Guests never run out of things to do.
Guests nod and smile at each other, but everyone seems to be enjoying a private evening.
Guests normally hire a car and drive down themselves.
Guests normally prepare meals for themselves, though coffee and tea are provided.
Guests now have dial-up Internet access, can order games and movies, and check out from their rooms.
Guests now have even more reason to visit one of the world's most fascinating places.
Guests now report hearing the sound of a young boy's heartbreak.
Guests now sit in the former cigar bar and eat dessert.
Guests occasionally enjoy weeding or some other outdoor work.
Guests occupy rooms temporarily.
Guests open their parcels on their own plates.
Guests order and pay at the counter, which speeds the process.
Guests order by phone.
Guests order three courses off the menu.
Guests overlook a modern area of Vancouver's Financial District.
Guests own drawing room.
Guests own sitting room and bathroom.
Guests own sitting room.
Guests paint the sunset.
Guests park in the main lot and the overflow lot of the conference center.
Guests participate at their own risk.
Guests participate for one, two, three weeks or more depending on their individual needs.
Guests participate fully in community chores as well as worship.
Guests participate in conferences.
Guests participate in international conferences.
Guests participate in making, maintaining, and extending the inn they inhabit.
Guests participate in route and activity planning.
Guests participate in turtle counts, measures and weigh-ins.
Guests participates in the day to day operations of the ranch.
Guests particularly enjoy Lake Michigan's winter vista.
Guests pass it around and give their best 'love and marriage' advice.
Guests pay an additional charge for certain events.
Guests pay each time upon departure.
Guests pay for a lucky peek.
Guests pay for drinks on a per drink basis.
Guests pay for their meals separately.
Guests pay for their own drinks.
Guests pay for twelve nights and two nights free.
Guests pay for what they can see, touch, and experience.
Guests pay per ride or attraction.
Guests pay the established fare.
Guests pay the parking on arrival.
Guests pay the remaining balance at check-in.
Guests paying by credit card authorize the card to be used as security deposit.
Guests paying by credit card or bank draft can place bookings one day prior to arrival date.
Guests perceive interval maintenance mopping, during service hours, as a sign of quality.
Guests perform daily house chores.
Guests perform original material.
Guests peruse a lavish gold silk and rice paper menu to select traditional Cantonese fare.
Guests pick up heavy white plates at the hot food bar.
Guests pick up their name cards from a table at the entrance.
Guests place a piece of fruit or colored egg into the water.
Guests placing online reservations receive immediate confirmation.
Guests play chess and other board games in the lobby.
Guests play for prizes like shirts, hats and games.
Guests play ice croquet at a quirky cross-country ski lodge renovated with recycled materials.
Guests pop in every now and then.
Guests pose as the Wild Bunch.
Guests prepare picnics before they set out for a day of exploring.
Guests prepare their own meals.
Guests prepare to dine on authentic German food at the buffet.
Guests preview the sensational silent auction while sipping champagne and espresso.
Guests provide all snorkel gear.
Guests provide kindling, bed linens, and towels.
Guests provide their own bedding and towels.
Guests provide their own bedding, towels etc.
Guests provide their own detergent and other laundry products.
Guests provide their own food, lodging and travel expenses.
Guests provide their own linens in the cottages.
Guests provide their own lunches.
Guests provide their own sleeping bags or comparable linen, and towels.
Guests provide their own sleeping bags, linens, and towels.
Guests provide their own sleeping bags.
Guests provide their own towels and linens.
Guests provide their own transportation.
Guests purchase Internet time with their credit card or a prepaid Internet access card.
Guests purchase tickets and pay a la carte for rides and attractions.
Guests question each other, all trying to pinpoint the killer.
Guests Quickly determine which guest has allergies or hates cats the most.
Guests Quickly determine which guest hates cats the most.
Guests range from lawyers to doctors.
Guests range from local residents to the famous from far, far away.
Guests range from thinkers, artists, performers and purveyors of the new media.
Guests rave about it.
Guests rave about our memorable breakfast cuisine.
Guests rave about the Breakfast.
Guests rave about the charming decor and excellent housekeeping.
Guests rave about the comfortable beds and outstanding decor.
Guests rave about the exceptional, full breakfast and the finest hospitality.
Guests rave about the gourmet breakfasts.
Guests rave about the Inn's elegant style , gracious hospitality and outstanding food.
Guests reach their quarters by climbing a wooden hand-crafted, spiral staircase.
Guests read in cozy corners or disappear into armchairs along dark wood walls.
Guests read student manuscripts, offer editorial advice, and present public readings.
Guests read the river and decide which channels to take.
Guests really do want to please their hostess.
Guests receive a bed with linen and blankets.
Guests receive a bountiful goodie bag filled with wine-related treats.
Guests receive a complimentary continental breakfast.
Guests receive a complimentary daily newspaper, and non-smoking rooms are available.
Guests receive a complimentary life insurance policy evaluation.
Guests receive a complimentary paper and continental breakfast.
Guests receive a discount on greens fees.
Guests receive a free breakfast.
Guests receive a free continental breakfast and complimentary newspaper.
Guests receive a free pass to the nearby health club.
Guests receive a front door and a room key, permitting guests to come and go as they please.
Guests receive a full breakfast each morning.
Guests receive a full breakfast in the formal dining room.
Guests receive a full breakfast served daily in our breakfast room.
Guests receive a full country breakfast.
Guests receive a gourmet food basket upon arriving.
Guests receive a highly personalised experience.
Guests receive a large thermos of water to use in their hermitage.
Guests receive a room that features a fully equipped kitchen, separate living and sleeping area.
Guests receive a second wakeup call.
Guests receive a sleeping pad, blanket, two sheets, towel and toiletries at registration.
Guests receive a warm welcome in our gracious lobby .
Guests receive a welcome cocktail at check-in.
Guests receive a welcoming basket of fruit and snacks, iced tea and chocolates upon arrival.
Guests receive accommodations, admission to events and T-shirts.
Guests receive an itinerary overview and area information.
Guests receive business cards printed with phone and fax numbers.
Guests receive complimentary entrance to the hotel's spa and heated indoor swimming pool.
Guests receive complimentary full breakfast daily and complimentary cocktails each evening.
Guests receive complimentary newspaper and free parking.
Guests receive complimentary tour certificate to use at a later date.
Guests receive dinner, breakfast, and a warm place to spend the night.
Guests receive discounts on golf greens fees.
Guests receive free airport transfers, a welcome cocktail, bicycles and ocean kayaks.
Guests receive free local calls and free local newspapers.
Guests receive free sandwiches, dessert and beverages.
Guests receive full breakfast and evening refreshments.
Guests receive guest privileges at nearby health club.
Guests receive hand-held masks to enhance the masquerade theme.
Guests receive heirloom seeds and a clay pot with advice on getting started.
Guests receive in-room coffee service and complimentary continental breakfast.
Guests receive keys to the outer gate and their rooms, limiting building access to guests only.
Guests receive lodging one night, a welcome bag and dinner for two one evening.
Guests receive luxurious bathrobes.
Guests receive one night in a lodge room or cottage and a bag of ice.
Guests receive one round of play for each night's stay.
Guests receive personal attention.
Guests receive personal one to one tuition for the entire day.
Guests receive personalized, friendly service and spacious suites.
Guests receive special discounts on all watercraft rentals.
Guests receive superior accommodation with unparalled attention to their comfort.
Guests receive superior accommodation with unparalleled attention to their comfort.
Guests receive their food orders quickly, resulting in an enhanced dining experience.
Guests receive towels, soap, tea, coffee, milk etc. on arrival.
Guests receive two nights elegant accommodations with arrival gifts.
Guests recognize it.
Guests register and pick up general information.
Guests regularly compliment our fine staff.
Guests regularly use far more water in the showers and sinks than they do for toilet flushing.
Guests regularly visit classes to give lectures on what their companies are doing.
Guests relax amidst and eclectic collection of Caribbean art and continental antiques.
Guests relax and enjoy the oceanfront swimming pool.
Guests relax by the fire in the living room.
Guests relax in easy and comfortable elegance amid antiques, oriental rugs, and original art.
Guests relax in the cocktail lounge with their favourite long drink or cocktail.
Guests relax in the parlor or watch ships and boats pass by on the inviting waterside porch.
Guests relay that they depart feeling nurtured, relaxed, and most of all inspired.
Guests remain captives.
Guests report feelings of warmth, comfort and relaxation.
Guests report having vivid and strange dreams there.
Guests report sightings periodically.
Guests report that the event was amicable, and a number of lunch engagements followed.
Guests reserve their own tee times.
Guests reside in private suites at local commercial lodges.
Guests responding to the invitation online, receives an instant confirmation via e-mail.
Guests rest and relax in the comfort of well-appointed cabins.
Guests rest their heads and hearts on comfy beds awaking to aromatic breakfasts.
Guests retire to BI-level suites and enjoy a free breakfast.
Guests retreat to their air-conditioned bedrooms.
Guests return again and again.
Guests return each summer filled with reflections of earlier visits.
Guests return for favourites and our daily specials.
Guests return for the atmosphere and home cooked breakfasts.
Guests return for the rotisserie grilled meats and seafood .
Guests return for years.
Guests return home rejuvenated and with tools for pursuing wellness.
Guests return time and again for the fantastic breakfasts served.
Guests return year after year for the friendly relaxed atmosphere.
Guests return year after year to our exclusive beachfront resort to enjoy South Florida's splendor.
Guests reveal the deception surrounding their gender.
Guests reveal their idiocy in smaller ways as well.
Guests revel in the superb Victorian d cor, secluded gardens and fine cuisine.
Guests review past campaigns and current issues with emphasis on practical politics.
Guests ride on virgin snow, unrestricted trails and experience total freedom and no crowds.
Guests ride the hay wagon into the herds to see and feed the cattle.
Guests riding in the sleds use seat cushions inside a windproof sled bag.
Guests riding on their own horses receive discounted rates.
Guests row to their own private island to sunbathe, relax, renew, or indulge in a refreshing swim.
Guests RSVP online.
Guests satisfy their frybread cravings despite the wait in long lines.
Guests save time searching and have more time to shop.
Guests savor chef-prepared meals during their stay at the ranch.
Guests say it best.
Guests say it resembles a modern art gallery, actually it is.
Guests say they fear for their health and worry about violence breaking out in such a tiny space.
Guests scoop out the monochromatic food with flat cardboard spoons.
Guests scurry to catch a clear view of the band.
Guests see exciting shows and fascinating exhibits.
Guests see only the light.
Guests seek the value inherent to a service-rich environment.
Guests seem to like the Cottage.
Guests seem uncomfortable with system.
Guests select a breakfast time and choose their menu from a variety of tempting fare.
Guests select facilities and displays to see using free brochures and maps.
Guests select the information they wish to view with the large trackball.
Guests sense an atmosphere in which they can relax, learn and grow.
Guests serve themselves and are invited to sit at the table or mingle while eating.
Guests serve themselves from a table laden with traditional Kentucky food.
Guests share a bath, furnished living room, dining area and kitchen.
Guests share a bathroom and a separate toilet.
Guests share a bathroom and are provided with complimentary bathrobes .
Guests share a bathroom.
Guests share a carpeted, windowed bath when both rooms are rented.
Guests share a common trapeza with the sisters three times a day.
Guests share a large bathroom with a shower, bath and toilet.
Guests share a living room and breakfast area, microwave, and refrigerator.
Guests share a long lobby that is more like a living room that bedrooms open onto.
Guests share a shower house.
Guests share a sitting room downstairs.
Guests share access to balconies and a patio, where they can enjoy the water view over breakfast.
Guests share bathroom facilities and small breakfast nook with morning beverages.
Guests share bathroom facilities.
Guests share bathrooms with hot showers, fully-equipped kitchens and living rooms.
Guests share communal cooking facilities.
Guests share four shower and washroom facilities.
Guests share household facilities with host families.
Guests share in the history and stories that make the Victorian era come alive.
Guests share Olympic Park buttons.
Guests share preparation of hostess' menu.
Guests share sitting room, decks, pool, and sunroom.
Guests share stories.
Guests share the bathroom facilities.
Guests share the kitchen, bathroom, living room, sitting room, and laundry facilities.
Guests share the kitchen, bathrooms, dens, living room, library and laundry facilities.
Guests share the kitchen, laundry, family room, library and game room.
Guests share the large and airy shower room which opens to the outdoors.
Guests share the sitting room and bathroom.
Guests share their perspectives on nurturing the common good rather than purely personal interests.
Guests share tips on how to create great holiday designs around the home.
Guests share two bathrooms with full bath.
Guests share two full-bathrooms.
Guests share two large hall bathrooms, nicely decorated .
Guests share Victorian bathrooms with claw foot tubs.
Guests share wisdom in their field of expertise.
Guests shoot at the public rate.
Guests show their appreciation by eating heartily.
Guests sign in before party begins.
Guests sign their name and leave personalized messages on the matted frame.
Guests sign up and then do unusual acts on stage.
Guests sit at open tables or in booths covered with funky fabric.
Guests sit at tables.
Guests sit back and enjoy the ride and the scenery while the guide does all the work.
Guests sit down to dinner just a stone's throw away from the frolicking, blue-black behemoths.
Guests sit down to dinner just a stone's throw from the frolicking, blue-black behemoths.
Guests sit in individual flight chairs in a large theater watching a movie.
Guests sit naked in complete darkness and pray, chant mantras or simply meditate.
Guests sit on a hydraulic base that tilts and rotates.
Guests sit on antique sofas, enjoy viewing fine art and often sleep on antique beds.
Guests sit on cushions around a low table.
Guests sit on the sides and balcony level.
Guests sit through the ceremony, eat a meal and offer gifts to the family.
Guests sitting or standing in areas other than their ticketed seat jeopardize the safety of others.
Guests ski free.
Guests ski in during the late afternoon and out again in the morning.
Guests sleep at hotels and see the scenery by train or bus.
Guests sleep in a completely furnished, but simple, A-frame cabin adjacent to the pond.
Guests sleep in comfortable upstairs bedrooms.
Guests sleep in comfortable wall tents equipped with cots, sleeping pads, floors, and wood stoves.
Guests sleep in converted railway carriages.
Guests sleep in huts without doors, on comfortable beds, with fresh sheets.
Guests sleep in jungle rondovals, or thatched, round huts.
Guests sleep in queen-sized beds with ceiling fans overhead.
Guests sleep in their wagon, in a deluxe tent, or under the stars.
Guests sleep in two-man cottage tents on comfortable camp beds.
Guests sleep on built-in bunk beds.
Guests sleep on sturdy bamboo cots raised well off the floor.
Guests sleep soundly and wake up free of their usual morning aches and stiffness.
Guests sleep there and eat elsewhere.
Guests snatch an ax from the wall and break through plaster to open a pipe for drinking water.
Guests soak in the famous springs, windsurf, boat, parasail, or hike around the lake.
Guests soaking in the tub can view the television.
Guests soon find that the campers really do live as our ancestors once did.
Guests speak of luxury and expectations that are surpassed.
Guests speak on timely topics followed by an extensive question and answer period.
Guests speak, but they also listen.
Guests spend time prior to boarding leisurely shopping and wine tasting.
Guests spin the apple at their own speed.
Guests start arriving, filling the plastic chairs.
Guests start the day with a complimentary full breakfast served in the sky-lit dining area.
Guests start their day with a delicious full breakfast served in an elegant dining room.
Guests start with thick, well-seasoned bean soup, then add their choice of colorful condiments.
Guests stay at a wonderful, eclectically furnished manor house near the river.
Guests stay at camp for the whole week.
Guests stay at one of the many cozy bed and breakfasts in the area.
Guests stay at our secluded lodge located in Rainy Bay, Barkley Sound.
Guests stay at our secluded lodge which is located in Rainy Bay.
Guests stay at the main camp, for three to eight days year round.
Guests stay for several nights.
Guests stay free of charge, with accoommodations and meals provided by a full-time host and hostess.
Guests stay in a cozy, fully equipped cabin which sleeps four.
Guests stay in bungalows or suites dedicated to Hollywood celebrities who frequented there.
Guests stay in comfortable and well appointed suites.
Guests stay in comfortable heated cabins.
Guests stay in comfortable tents furnished with standard beds, bedside tables and a suitcase rack.
Guests stay in country style rooms with private bath.
Guests stay in cozy grey stone cottages nestling among lush gardens.
Guests stay in cozy log cabins.
Guests stay in either the double or twin cabin.
Guests stay in hotels in town and are shuttled by helicopter or snowcat up to the goods each day.
Guests stay in luxurious cabins.
Guests stay in motor inn-style lodging or log cabins of varying luxury.
Guests stay in one of thirteen private bungalows.
Guests stay in one of two large guestrooms in the Meadows guesthouse.
Guests stay in one, two or three bedroom log cabins with bathrooms.
Guests stay in our lodge.
Guests stay in private, peaceful lakefront setting in Camden.
Guests stay in private, rustic ranch comfort.
Guests stay in rustic bunk style cabins on the ranch that sleep up to six people.
Guests stay in rustic bunk style cabins on the ranch.
Guests stay in rustic but well equipped, comfortable cabins.
Guests stay in rustic cabins renovated from the farm's original buildings.
Guests stay in secluded cottages, each with a private terrace overlooking the sea.
Guests stay in spacious tented rooms.
Guests stay in the former guards quarters.
Guests stay in the main house or one of the hermitages.
Guests stay in the pyramid room which features air-conditioning, cable TV, and two telephones.
Guests stay in three natural stone homes which have ultramodern and luxurious white furnishings.
Guests stay in two cabins on the property, both equipped with whirlpool tubs and gas fireplaces.
Guests stay in various smaller cabins, each with a guest book chronicling who has been there before.
Guests stay in villas located along the fairways.
Guests stay is limited to three nights per semester.
Guests stay mainly in twin-bedded rooms with showers and a balcony.
Guests stay warm on chilly evenings as they dine by a fireplace in the dining room.
Guests staying a week can count on being served a different breakfast each day.
Guests staying at hotels can settle their bills in foreign currency.
Guests staying at Inn Victoria are welcome to the recipe.
Guests staying for a week have access to laundry facilities.
Guests staying here also enjoy their own private patio.
Guests staying here also have breakfast and dinner in the Lodge.
Guests staying here enjoy all the same amenities described in our amenities page.
Guests staying in De Luxe rooms can have a fax machine installed in their room.
Guests staying in our cottage have first preference to the fishery.
Guests staying in rooms enjoy the comfort of the common room .
Guests staying in standard and star hotels can dine and eat in the hotels restaurants.
Guests staying in the apartments are welcome to eat in the hotel's non smoking restaurant.
Guests staying in the apartments have access to all the hotel facilities.
Guests staying within the resort receive preferential rates and tee times.
Guests step onto the beach near the front door, then descend to the deep for lunch or dinner.
Guests still tour the islands but learn how to sail as well.
Guests stroll a sidewalk bordered by a hedge of pink roses.
Guests submit numerous recipes each month.
Guests sunbathe, read, fish, listen to music or enjoy an island sunset.
Guests supply a minimum of flute, clarinet or bass.
Guests supply additional bedding if required.
Guests supply their own bedding, towels, personal toiletries, and laundry soap.
Guests swap stories, read, and just hang out watching the day pass by.
Guests swim and boat at their own risk.
Guests take a pose inside another a beautifully decorated house.
Guests take a treat from the tree and sit down for a cup of cheer.
Guests take a walking self-guided tour through several interactive scenes.
Guests take advantage of a brass trimmed corner whirlpool tub large enough for two.
Guests take an active role here.
Guests take cruises in mahogany boats or ride an air-conditioned tram to rooms.
Guests take home prizes.
Guests take in spectacular views from the windows and the terrace.
Guests take part in ecological projects by helping to support a Peruvian preserve.
Guests take photograps with the bride and the bridegroom.
Guests take questions from the audience and from our moderators.
Guests take shower and change on board.
Guests take their gifts to the reception where they are opened.
Guests team up and become sleuths as the comedic plot unwinds.
Guests tend to be on the young side, featuring many representatives of the t-shirt and tattoo crowd.
Guests tend to be ungrateful today.
Guests test out the guest house .
Guests then accept or refuse the offer, as they wish.
Guests then can answer questions about the meal on the machine.
Guests then create their eating style.
Guests then enjoy the fruits of their labour with a complimentary wine tasting.
Guests then have time for their bodies to absorb the alcohol consumed.
Guests then have time for their bodies to absorb the alcohol.
Guests then head for a day of riding, fishing, or hiking - each with almost endless opportunities.
Guests then introduce themselves similarly.
Guests then rest, play cards, talk with volunteers, or quietly watch television.
Guests then return to the arbor and wait to be called again for the serving of tea.
Guests then return to their hotel by minibus.
Guests then ride at their own pace.
Guests then seat themselves at large tables for the Russian service meal.
Guests then seat themselves with orders in hand.
Guests then spend the night at the hotel on the waterfront.
Guests then use their cards to activate the attractions and games they choose.
Guests therefore can experience the charm of yesteryear with the convenience of modern day.
Guests throw it at the bride and groom as a wish for children and a good life.
Guests touch sea creatures, visit bird sanctuaries and look for shells on a barrier island.
Guests tour backstage to see how entertainment illusions are created.
Guests tour the biography museum.
Guests tour the classrooms and computer labs.
Guests tour the dome.
Guests tour the garden after the dedication.
Guests tour the island with complimentary electric carts and bicycles.
Guests travel around in golf carts, to keep the noise levels from disturbing any siesta.
Guests travel in groups of ten to fifteen, getting personal attention from their guides.
Guests traveling to the Lodge can catch an evening flight into Winnipeg.
Guests try to guess the contents of the mystery item by reading the hint on the tag.
Guests try to rope the calf before it gets to the end.
Guests turn up with gifts for the bride - traditionally, essential items for setting up a new home.
Guests typically have the same guide throughout their stay at the lodge.
Guests unwind in the outdoor hot tub and sauna year-round.
Guests use a tour journal to guide themselves through the North American wilderness.
Guests use all amenities at their own risk.
Guests use bedroom browsers to plan visits during their stay.
Guests use communal toilets and showers for all above.
Guests use computers, modems, laser printers and the Internet for the job application process.
Guests use doubles or triples.
Guests use it on waffles, pancakes, scones, toast, muffins, and even right off the spoon.
Guests use kitchen for lunch.
Guests use nearby very clean and comfortable bathhouse.
Guests use our campground as a base camp to visit area attractions.
Guests use the bathhouse in the campground.
Guests use the bathroom in the main cabin.
Guests use the front stairway that leads to four large guest rooms on the second floor.
Guests use the pool and often spill onto the lawn at inconvenient times.
Guests use the top two floors with queen bed in loft.
Guests using lifts usually call the lodging establishments directly for information.
Guests venture underground with a guide and a rubber tube to view the world famous 'Glowworms'.
Guests view the ceremony from the Buccaneer Bay Patio.
Guests view the exhibit.
Guests view the moon at a theatre grand opening downtown Phoenix.
Guests visit two general meetings before membership is required.
Guests visiting the park can take a tour or watch the freestyle aerialists flipping through the air.
Guests wake to a panoramic view of the mountains and the tantalizing aroma of freshly-brewed coffee.
Guests wake to the gentle sounds of nature.
Guests wake up to a complimentary continental breakfast buffet.
Guests walk down roads.
Guests walk into the living room as they enter the suite.
Guests walk through a metal detector that checks for knives or pistols.
Guests walk to the inn for dining.
Guests walk to their rooms surrounded by beach murals.
Guests wander about and entertain each other, and seek the refreshment tables when so inclined.
Guests wear a helmet, wet suit, booties and one glove for feeding the fish.
Guests wear electronic sensors as they move from room to room.
Guests wear in formal Myanmar dress or business suit.
Guests wear white.
Guests wear yellow hats, lace gloves and blue capes.
Guests welcome anytime.
Guests welcome at all meetings and functions, except board meetings.
Guests welcome at the same rate.
Guests welcome by appointment.
Guests welcome for free.
Guests welcome in class.
Guests welcome in common and exercise rooms.
Guests welcome throughout the week.
Guests welcome throughout the year.
Guests welcome to attend maximum of two meetings before joining.
Guests welcome to browse our tech pages and links.
Guests welcome to receive communion regardless of denominational affiliation.
Guests welcome to use double parlor, dining room, courtyard, kitchen.
Guests welcome with notice.
Guests welcome year round to partake in farm activities.
Guests welcome, no partner needed.
Guests will have experience.
Guests wishing to leave a special tip for a favorite staff member are welcome to do so.
Guests work together to assist with house cleaning, meal preparation, and ground maintenance.
Guests write down their guess and the winner get the jar.
Guests write the bids on slips of paper which are then picked up by runners.
Guests write what they think each item cost and total all items.
Guests always come first and appreciate the hosts individualized service and attention to details.
Guests always delight in something new and different.
Guests always enjoy taking an exclusive cassette tape walking tour of the historic district.
Guests always hand their cards to the usher at all receptions.
Guests always linger when breakfast is served on our patio . . .
Guests always welcome at meetings.
Guests always welcome.
Guests frequently comment on our warm, friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.
Guests frequently comment on the comfort and natural serenity.
Guests frequently comment on the friendly spirit of our people.
Guests frequently request recipes from the kitchen.
Guest often enjoy beach combing or just relaxing on the decks and taking in the spectacular view.
Guests often appreciate being able to catch the bride and groom at a less hectic time.
Guests often ask for the recipe of our brown bread .
Guests often ask what to see and where to go.
Guests often choose to get involved in the operations of the ranch.
Guests often choose to sleep on deck, under the stars.
Guests often come in to teach the students new ideas and perspectives involving nature.
Guests often come to eat.
Guests often consider being invited for dinner as a semiformal occasion.
Guests often decide to participate in farm operations such as cattle driving.
Guests often encounter eagles, hawks, and deer while playing.
Guests often enjoy sharing meals they have prepared in the recreation hall kitchen.
Guests often go jogging in the early morning - remarking about the gorgeous homes when they return.
Guests often have interesting jobs and are involved in the community.
Guests often join cowboys in moving cattle and learning to lasso.
Guests often keep the cook company by coming in to chat.
Guests often plan to rotate between the various types of craft during the trip.
Guests often prefer to incorporate their own personal preferences into the menu.
Guests often remark on how quiet it is here.
Guests often request a repeat menu of Cajun, Mexican, Greek, Italian or French country food.
Guests often rotate to the various different rafts throughout the trip.
Guests often spot a variety of wildlife, but only when they take their eyes off their rods.
Guests often strike up conversations, watch television together or relax around the game table.
Guests often strike up friendships during their stay.
Guests often take afternoon tea, drinks or coffee in their company.
Guests often take time off from our activities to go diving.
Guests often take time off from our activities to go scuba diving.
Guests often use our place as a home base and take day trips.
Guests often wear modern clothes.
Guests often wear modern dress.
Guests often wear mundane clothing, instead of garb.
Guests sometimes buy the paintings off the walls.
Guests sometimes choose to take dinner privately in the room.
Guests sometimes have to reschedule due to unforeseen events.
Guests usually arrive with big smiles expecting to be part of something special.
Guests usually ask around.
Guests usually come to the common house at any time to help themselves to breakfast and lunch.
Guests usually drink more when they serve themselves.
Guests usually enjoy taking trolley rides and boat tours.
Guests usually leave saying they have never eaten so well yet felt so good at the end of the week.
Guests usually provide their own bed and bath linens.
Guests usually range in age from babies to nonagenarians.
Guests usually walk the trails unaccompanied as they are well marked and easy to follow.
All guest are cordially welcome and efficient service is guaranteed.
All guest are welcome to use living room, bar room and deck.
All guest enjoy endless first class amenities, activities, food, drink, and entertainment.
All guest enjoy first class service.
All guest receive a discount in our gift shoppe.
All guest receive welcome drink and fruit plate in room on arrival.
All guest wear black.
All guests agree to appear, pending professional commitments.
All guests appear subject to professional commitments.
All guests are eligible for our daily door prize drawings.
All guests are high functioning elderly.
All guests are most welcome.
All guests are people of stature.
All guests are pleased with our best amenities and hospitality.
All guests are responsible for monitoring their children.
All guests are responsible for their own course fees, rentals and cancellations.
All guests are subject to any rules that apply to members.
All guests are subject to room rate availability for the desired time of reservation.
All guests are subject to the following rules and regulations.
All guests are subject to their availability.
All guests are subject to work commitments.
All guests are to be accompanied by their hosts at all times while they are on campus.
All guests are to be included at the time of registration, including children.
All guests are to be treated like royalty.
All guests are to sign in at the office.
All guests are volunteers.
All guests are welcome and encouraged to visit our club as often as they wish.
All guests are welcome and their is no admittance fee.
All guests are welcome for business in our country.
All guests are welcome to arrive any time during the day for hiking and afternoon tea.
All guests are welcome to attend our weekly meetings and dinners.
All guests are welcome to attend.
All guests are welcome to continue the celebration in the park after the party.
All guests are welcome to display their products or services at our showboat tables.
All guests are welcome to enjoy the upper deck that overlooks the backyard and garden.
All guests are welcome to participate at any time.
All guests are welcome to play billiards, darts, board games, horseshoes, badminton and more.
All guests are welcome to read through the guest book.
All guests are welcome to use the canoe, the grill and sundeck.
All guests are welcome to use the great room to relax, read or watch a movie from our video library.
All guests are welcome to utilize the services and assistance our concierge members provide.
All guests are welcome, age eight years and older.
All guests are welcome.
All guests are within a short stroll to the pool, spa, and corrals.
All guests buzz their host's apartment and wait to be buzzed in. .
All guests can enjoy a complimentary cold or hot breakfast buffet.
All guests can enjoy a spacious two room suite.
All guests can enjoy complimentary parking, a free newspaper and laundry service.
All guests can enjoy hotel amenities including a heated pool, exercise room and poolside restaurant.
All guests can enjoy our large swimming pool, patio and barbecue pit.
All guests can enjoy the outdoor heated pool.
All guests can enjoy their air-conditioned rooms in the warmer months and a private bathroom.
All guests can go to different sites by clicking the above names.
All guests can join free daily village tour.
All guests can take advantage of room service, laundry services and valet service.
All guests can use the green area at the pool.
All guests contribute to the meal.
All guests eat in the dining room at one sitting.
All guests enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast each morning.
All guests enjoy a complimentary, deluxe continental breakfast daily.
All guests enjoy a delux continental breakfast each morning.
All guests enjoy a deluxe continental breakfast each morning along with a free local newspaper.
All guests enjoy a homemade country breakfast of casseroles, omelets, biscuits and more.
All guests enjoy a spacious two-room suite, consisting of a living room and separate bedroom.
All guests enjoy a truly exceptional experience.
All guests enjoy convenient access to secure, on-site parking.
All guests enjoy extensive facilities and privileges.
All guests enjoy large gourmet breakfasts in the sunny dining room overlooking an enclosed garden.
All guests enjoy our snack bar open every day for lunch with our fabulous free salad bar.
All guests enjoy the hot-tub or sauna for a relaxing evening.
All guests enjoy the privacy of their own level with common access to the villa's garden and pool.
All guests enjoy the use of a parlor area and receive continental breakfast in the dining room.
All guests entering the arena are subject to search as permissible by law.
All guests entering the Stadium are subject to search.
All guests get a sheet of blank paper with a pencil and are asked to fold the paper in half.
All guests give a small donation towards guessing how many candies are in the bottle.
All guests have access to a computer connected to the Internet.
All guests have access to a computer with Internet and e-mail access.
All guests have access to a large deck.
All guests have access to a library of movie videos for entertainment.
All guests have access to a well-stocked video library.
All guests have access to great room and wrap-around porch for their enjoyment.
All guests have access to hot tubs.
All guests have access to locker rooms.
All guests have access to our sauna and fitness room.
All guests have access to recreational equipment such as golf clubs, kayaks and bicycles.
All guests have access to the hot tub.
All guests have access to the indoor pool and hot tub.
All guests have access to the indoor pool, sauna, whirlpool and exercise facilities.
All guests have access to the kitchen.
All guests have access to the living room for reading and music, or the den with a fireplace.
All guests have access to the nine person whirl pool.
All guests have access to the second-level indoor pool, exercise room, spa and salon services.
All guests have comfortable rooms with private facilities and seperate study rooms for lessons.
All guests have free use of pool and canoes.
All guests have free use of the kitchen facility in the morning and evening.
All guests have free use of the shore sauna.
All guests have full use of the centrally-located bathroom and shower house.
All guests have key access to the beer garden for their enjoyment.
All guests have private bathrooms.
All guests have the opportunity, if they wish, to enjoy a naturist holiday.
All guests have their own individual table in our non-smoking restaurant.
All guests have their own keys with access to rooms at all times.
All guests have use of our barbecue. .
All guests have use of our outdoor hot tub.
All guests have use of sauna, bath, laundry and outside bath.
All guests have use of the excellent restaurant and bar.
All guests have use of the health club and pool.
All guests now receive personal e-mail addresses printed on their cruise ticket before setting sail.
All guests offer an open lecture and attendance continues to climb.
All guests participate in an orientation before riding.
All guests participate in cattle work.
All guests receive a complimentary hot breakfast in our restaurant.
All guests receive a complimentary swim and raquet club membership for the length of their stay.
All guests receive a free continental breakfast.
All guests receive a full complimentary breakfast each morning.
All guests receive a welcome glass of whisky or sherry at check in.
All guests receive complimentary full American breakfast buffet and evening cocktails.
All guests receive complimentary VIP nightclub passes and continental breakfast.
All guests receive daily maid and nightly turn-down service.
All guests receive free continental breakfast.
All guests receive free parking, newspapers and local calls.
All guests receive in-room registration with welcome drinks, fruit platter and flowers on arrival.
All guests receive one bottle of wine, two complimentary wine glasses and a light breakfast.
All guests receive our complimentary cookbook to take home.
All guests receive personal attention from out friendly staff.
All guests receiving the discounted hotel rate are liable for the conference registration fee.
All guests ride at their own risk.
All guests share fully-equipped kitchens, common rooms and bathrooms with hot showers.
All guests share the upstairs bathroom.
All guests stay in our comfortable, yet rustic cabins.
All guests stay in our rustic, yet comfortable cabins.
All guests take their meals on large table on the roof and the food is served buffet style.
All guests welcome.
Any guest can book time with the dog, who trained at a puppy school.
Any guest is welcome to visit the site, review the material, and even take the quizzes.
Every guest becomes part of our extended family.
Every guest can enjoy free local calling, newspapers and continental breakfast.
Every guest can enjoy the use of any of the ship's facilities.
Every guest coming to our door is a friend to be.
Every guest enjoys complimentary usage of our full line of cross-country equipment.
Every guest expects a clean room.
Every guest gets a baby diaper pin and pins it to their clothes.
Every guest gets a clothespin when they arrive.
Every guest gets one one-half hours of outdoor tennis FREE daily.
Every guest has a window seat in East African safari vehicles, room to stretch.
Every guest has accommodation in a single room.
Every guest has to be handled with white-glove service.
Every guest hopes for the possibility of witnessing a live space shuttle launch.
Every guest is assured a private table, and every seat offers a spectacular view.
Every guest is given access to a full range of amenities.
Every guest is greeted with a smile and escorted to their site.
Every guest is met at the home on arrival and checked out on departure.
Every guest is presented with two menus.
Every guest is special.
Every guest is subject to the rules and regulations of the university.
Every guest is treated to an unprecedented level of expansive personal luxury.
Every guest is urged to sign up for the weekly play, regardless of their length of stay.
Every guest leaves the table satisfied.
Every guest receives a menu roll sealed with wax.
Every guest receives nightly turndown service and a newspaper in the morning.
Every guest receives special treatment.
Every guest takes someone else's body-outline.
Every guest then eats at least a crumb of the cake to ensure good luck.
Every guest wakes up to a complimentary continetal breakfast.
Many guest come to Apalachicola for the birds.
Many guest stop on their way back to buy fresh steamed seafood for a picnic by their cottage.
Many guests actually swim on day one.
Many guests are content to simply bask in the magnificent surroundings.
Many guests are here to mix business with pleasure.
Many guests are repeat customers.
Many guests are victims of circumstance and tragedy.
Many guests bring casting rods and fish from the beach, or from our canoe.
Many guests catch a few casting a line from the T-bird docks.
Many guests cerebrate the couple.
Many guests choose to order appetizers, wine, cocktails or dessert to accompany their dinner.
Many guests choose to venture independently into the park searching for wildlife.
Many guests combine their wilderness trip with a stay at the Ranch.
Many guests come a long way to sample the AA one rosette restaurant.
Many guests come away feeling as if they'd just come into a friend's home for a meal.
Many guests come back year after year, some families for three generations.
Many guests come for hiking, bicycling , bird watching and picnicking.
Many guests come for one night and stay several.
Many guests come for world class sportfishing and fly fishing .
Many guests come here seeking the peaceful serenity of our island life.
Many guests come just for the food.
Many guests come to see the carvings after reading articles or seeing friends' photos.
Many guests comment on strange occurrences in that room.
Many guests complete their Western experience with a horseback tour.
Many guests cry when it's time to leave, and most come back annually.
Many guests do tip for outstanding service, but there's no heavy duty pressure to do so.
Many guests drop in for a browse and a chat.
Many guests drop in for various tracks here as well.
Many guests enjoy a game of horse shoes or watching birds and wildlife from the glider swing.
Many guests enjoy driving the picturesque back roads and exploring the countryside.
Many guests enjoy short motor trips during their stay.
Many guests enjoy skipjack cruises on the river, followed by waterfront picnics or crab feasts.
Many guests even skip lunch.
Many guests extend their stay to enjoy all that our area has to offer.
Many guests feel as if they are in a four star hotel such is the friendly, courteous service.
Many guests find a dip in the early morning to be an invigorating way to start the day.
Many guests find an alarm clock useful.
Many guests find it an experience that stays etched in their memory for a lifetime.
Many guests find the chapel to be a quiet place for prayer in the midst of the busy city.
Many guests find themselves enjoying an evening barbeque as the sun sets in our back yard.
Many guests have a date for the dance, but students also come with a group of friends.
Many guests just like to take a leisurely walk to nearby Lake Michigan.
Many guests just like to take nature walks and look at flowers and rocks.
Many guests just park their car and enjoy the short stroll to their choice of entertainment.
Many guests just sink into welcoming wing-back chairs, while reading selections from our library.
Many guests like to go outside on deck and gaze at the magnificent skies.
Many guests like to have a fire and candles going in their room when they arrive.
Many guests like to use Internet airline discount services.
Many guests meet their friends year after year.
Many guests opt for a bottle of wine.
Many guests opt for the villas, which have private pools, fireplaces, and wet bars.
Many guests picnic on the grounds before concerts.
Many guests prefer to drive to the excitement and stay at the ocean.
Many guests prefer to spend their off hours by the fire or in the gardens.
Many guests rent a river boat and explore both land and water.
Many guests request a specific cabin.
Many guests request their recipes.
Many guests return again and again to enjoy our hospitality.
Many guests return again and again to enjoy to be greeted as family.
Many guests return again and again.
Many guests return again, and again, year after year.
Many guests return time and time again.
Many guests return to our facilities regularly.
Many guests return to the same familiar accommodation year after year.
Many guests return year after year to enjoy our comfortable home and warm Scottish hospitality.
Many guests return year after year, and extended stays can be arranged.
Many guests return year after year.
Many guests seem to love just relaxing during their vacation.
Many guests simply enjoy a stroll out to the pastures edge to view the grazing horses and cattle.
Many guests sing and play on the radio show.
Many guests spend several hours wandering here and want to go back the next day.
Many guests take advantage of another of the unique services available at the inn.
Many guests think it is appropriate to wait for the bride and groom to leave.
Many guests use live bait.
Many guests use the park for wildlife viewing, mountaineering, and backpacking.
Many guests watch television as part of the festivals.
More guests arrive.
Most guest are gay or lesbian.
Most guest however prefer to sleep under the stars and take the mattresses on deck.
Most guests appreciate the option of interacting with the dog.
Most guests are critical of small things.
Most guests are either local residents or in town on business.
Most guests are French, Japanese, German and British.
Most guests are out and about during the day.
Most guests are quite young here, sitting at tables, chatting and drinking.
Most guests are recreational skiers who want to improve, and perhaps try the slalom course.
Most guests are retired professionals who want to continue learning.
Most guests arrive by car.
Most guests begin with a soothing gazpacho and wash everything down with sangrma.
Most guests benefit from properties.
Most guests come as part of a tour.
Most guests come for weekend getaways from New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Jersey.
Most guests come from southern Michigan, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois.
Most guests come to Vermont to get away from the stress of everyday life.
Most guests drink beers.
Most guests drink in moderation.
Most guests drive to our tours either from home or from an airport.
Most guests enjoy food.
Most guests enjoy meals.
Most guests enjoy properties.
Most guests enjoy wonderful food.
Most guests enter areas.
Most guests enter homes.
Most guests exchange email with members.
Most guests forego the makeup and pack only sweats, workout wear, shoes and bathing suits.
Most guests get red wine.
Most guests go on both anyway, so sign up and save.
Most guests have a history of drink and drug abuse and mental health problems.
Most guests have options.
Most guests have their breakfast on the private balcony.
Most guests know the difference.
Most guests leave.
Most guests make effort.
Most guests make four dives a day.
Most guests make four to five dives a day.
Most guests make up to five dives a day.
Most guests make up to three dives a day.
Most guests make up to three runs a day.
Most guests participate in conferences.
Most guests participate in international conferences.
Most guests play at the Islandside tennis complex just a short walk from the beachfront inn.
Most guests prefer paddle rafts in order to be part of the action.
Most guests prefer to add their occupation and hobbies.
Most guests prefer to keep the same horse during their entire stay.
Most guests relax under a thatched umbrella with a book, by the hour or by the day.
Most guests rent a car at the airport but transportation can be arranged.
Most guests return.
Most guests share stories.
Most guests sit at tables.
Most guests spend a few days at the hotel, relaxing in the grounds and visiting nearby sights.
Most guests spend such little time in their rooms that the spartan decor is a non-issue.
Most guests spend their evenings enjoying their studios and suites, all of which face the ocean.
Most guests stay at least two nights and are offered private tours for an extra fee.
Most guests stay for a period of two weeks only.
Most guests staying on campus have meals included in their registration packages.
Most guests take a morning ride after breakfast, then lounge around.
Most guests walk down roads.
Some guest enjoy fishing there in the evening for a couple of hours.
Some guest ranches even combine first-class birding with horseback riding.
Some guests accept offers.
Some guests add guests.
Some guests are completely charmed by the show, others take it all in with a sort of puzzled stare.
Some guests are hikers while others are loungers.
Some guests are just plain discourteous by nature.
Some guests are killed by trains.
Some guests are struck by trains.
Some guests are very allergic to down ones.
Some guests become members.
Some guests bring a solar shower for warmer water.
Some guests bring belles.
Some guests bring pumpkins.
Some guests bring their own special cookware items.
Some guests bring vegetables.
Some guests burn trash, which emits more and different types of air pollution than wood.
Some guests call our ambience quietly elegant.
Some guests choose fitness classes, everything from boxercise to cardio-circuit.
Some guests choose to set their own schedule of rest and reflection.
Some guests come for the food alone.
Some guests come on their own for a time of retreat, either on the weekend or on a weekday.
Some guests come only for it.
Some guests come regularly every month.
Some guests come to the school with different topics, such as medicine, business, sports, etc.
Some guests confirm acceptance.
Some guests do charge a nominal fee for autographs.
Some guests do their exercises in the pool.
Some guests drank milk who had never drunk it.
Some guests eat lobsters.
Some guests eat salmon.
Some guests enjoy a barn visit to look for new arrivals among the animals.
Some guests enjoy coffee.
Some guests enjoy touring, walking, biking, birding or antiquing.
Some guests enter zones.
Some guests even prefer to have their shower outside, lathering up in their swimsuits.
Some guests find delicious dessert.
Some guests find dessert.
Some guests have pinworms.
Some guests have present employment, project or internship opportunities at their organizations.
Some guests have responsibility.
Some guests hold residencies in addition to performing on campus.
Some guests like to arrive a day or two early to be refreshed before beginning the adventure.
Some guests love birds.
Some guests love ducks.
Some guests make services.
Some guests mention experience.
Some guests mention great experience.
Some guests opt for car rentals to enjoy the many side trips close to the ranch.
Some guests participate in care.
Some guests perform live, and once in a while the station stages a noon-time outdoor concert.
Some guests play cards and games, while others piece together puzzles in the rattan-decorated lanai.
Some guests prefer a light jacket or sweater.
Some guests prefer to sleep on deck, but even with the escort boat, expect beach camping.
Some guests receive offers.
Some guests rent a car for their stay or for a couple of days.
Some guests report symptoms.
Some guests say the hotel is such a romantic place to celebrate anniversaries, or honeymoon.
Some guests shout.
Some guests sleep later than they planned or even take a midday nap.
Some guests stay in parks.
Some guests take in the operation of the O scale trolleys.
Some guests take pictures.
Some guests talk more than others, and that always happens.
Some guests then like to hike in silence and use the quote as a focus for a walking meditation.
Some guests think dining rooms add too much bustle.
Some guests try wind-surfing, and quickly learn it's much harder than it looks.
Some guests use many minnows, others use few or none.
Some guests use the same phone jacks for their laptop computers.
Some guests visit family members.
Some guests visit members.
Some guests visit several times a year, enjoying our ever changing seasons.
Some guests watch birds.
Some guests watch crabs.
Some guests watch dogs.
Some guests watch geese.
Some guests watch salmon.
Some guests watch squirrels.
A guesthouse is a house
Guesthouse concedes that it is a restaurant as defined.
Guesthouses abound everywhere in Nepal along trekking routes for as low as a dollar fifty a night.
Guesthouses also have their own kitchen with Western and Thai dishes.
Guesthouses are also in our easy hotel search and accomodation guide.
Guesthouses are houses.
Guesthouses are the most reasonable places to sleep, and some can be very neat.
Guesthouses can accomodate up to eight people.
Guesthouses offer simple accommodation and meet all the mandatory requirements.
Guesthouses offer the traveler uncompromising service for exceptional value.
Guesthouses vary as much as flavors of ice cream.
All guesthouses provide en suite facilities.
Many guesthouses lie right on the river offering great views.
Some guesthouses provide meals to non residents.
A guestroom is a bedroom
Guestrooms are air-conditioned.
Guestrooms are available with king or queen-sized beds.
Guestrooms are bedrooms.
Guestrooms are complete with antiques, cozy wing chairs, private baths, Queen Beds and central air.
Guestrooms are large with excellent beds and private baths.
Guestrooms are non-smoking.
Guestrooms are of a good size but the views, often blocked by other towers, can be disappointing.
Guestrooms are on three floors, and each has a separate theme.
Guestrooms are spacious and comfortable with unimaginable views of the city.
Guestrooms are spacious and feature luxurious ensuites.
Guestrooms are spacious and individually decorated, with king or queen size beds.
Guestrooms are spacious with luxury ensuites.
Guestrooms are spacious with range of spectacular views.
Guestrooms are unusually generous in proportion and wonderfully appointed with unique Hawaiian art.
Guestrooms are very spacious, all with inspiring ocean views, in a calm and quiet environment.
Guestrooms are warm and inviting, spacious and airy.
Guestrooms feature a coffeemaker, hairdryer, and voicemail.
Guestrooms feature dual phone lines, voice mail and modem ports for easy Internet access.
Guestrooms feature European boutique decor.
Guestrooms feature Victorian furnishings.
Guestrooms have a distinctive European style.
Guestrooms have a hair dryer, iron and board plus dual voice and data lines.
Guestrooms have a rustic feel, some with fireplaces in the bedroom and antiques throughout.
Guestrooms have cable TV, cozy fireplaces and private sitting areas for guests.
Guestrooms have floor to ceiling windows with fresh air vents offering stunning city views.
Guestrooms have no interior walls.
Guestrooms have private baths, cable television, air conditioners, and telephones.
Guestrooms have queen size beds or two double beds.
Guestrooms have such amenities as marble floors and hair dryers in the bathrooms.
Guestrooms have two deluxe queen-sized beds, a full bath and a cozy fireplace.
Guestrooms have unbelievably exceptional decor.
Guestrooms offer dataports, alarm clocks.
Guestrooms offer unique European-style design and furnishings.
Guestrooms overlook the city skyline or a beautifully landscaped interior courtyard.
Guestrooms provide the comforts of home, with fireplaces and separate sleeping areas or lofts.
Guestrooms range from simple elegance to luxury whirlpool suites.
Guestrooms range in size and are furnished with beds from bunks to kings.
Guestrooms retain an old New York feel with antique furnishings.
Guestrooms share laundry, bathroom and toilets in each building.
All guestrooms are air-conditioned and boast the largest private lanais in Waikiki.
All guestrooms are air-conditioned with private bathrooms.
All guestrooms are air-conditioned.
All guestrooms are cozy, cool and comfortable.
All guestrooms are equally popular and pleasing.
All guestrooms are on the first floor.
All guestrooms are spacious and are complete with mini bars, iron and ironing board.
All guestrooms are within seven doors of an elevator for convenient access.
All guestrooms boast private balconies.
All guestrooms come with a private bath and private deck.
All guestrooms feature individually controlled heating and air-conditioning.
All guestrooms feature queen beds, private baths and views of Mt. Washington.
All guestrooms feature voicemail, express checkout, coffee makers, and an iron with ironing board.
All guestrooms have a private bath, air conditioning, telephone, television and private sun patios.
All guestrooms have a private bath.
All guestrooms have direct dial phones.
All guestrooms have either a balcony or patio that overlook verdant landscape gardens.
All guestrooms have fireplaces and down comforters and are decorated with local artwork.
All guestrooms have fridge, microwave and pool and garden views.
All guestrooms have private bathrooms, cable TV, telephone, hair dryer, bathrobes, desk and chair.
All guestrooms have private baths with tub and shower.
All guestrooms have private baths.
All guestrooms have private ensuite bathrooms.
All guestrooms have queen-sized beds and private baths.
All guestrooms have satellite TV and a VCR is on hand for the asking.
All guestrooms have their own ensuite baths and a full breakfast is served every morning.
All guestrooms have their own private bath.
All guestrooms have voice mail and data ports.
All guestrooms have voice mail and two telephone lines.
All guestrooms have well-lit sitting areas and firm mattresses.
All guestrooms impart an unparalleled level of quality.
All guestrooms offer a breathtaking view of the Gulf of Mexico from their private balconies.
All guestrooms offer character and ambiance at an affordable price.
All guestrooms overlook the Elizabeth River.
Every guestroom has at least four speakers and some rooms have six speakers.
Most guestrooms are on the second and third floor of the main house.
Most guestrooms have a view of the bay and include a full buffet breakfast.
Most guestrooms have either a king or queen bed.
Most guestrooms provide a view, and for fresh air lovers, bedroom windows can all be opened.
Some guestrooms feature balconies providing scenic views of Nassau Harbour.
Some guestrooms have an added romance of a fireplace.
Guests houses are also popular with companies having representative offices.
Guests rooms are on the second floor.
Guests rooms are upstairs.
Guests rooms can accommodate any requirements from two twin beds up to king sized beds.
Guests rooms feature jewel tones and hand-carved furnishings.
Guests rooms incorporate the splendor of the outdoor surroundings within the decor of each room.
Guests rooms offer such amenities as modem lines, cable television, and pay per view movies.
All guests rooms have a comfortable mattress and pillow with a mosquito net tucked in all around.
All guests rooms have private baths most have private patios and kiva fireplaces.
Every guests room overlooks the Gulf.
A guffaw is a laugh
Guffaws roll out from the audience.
GUG positions start maturing from the date of purchase or date earned.
Guiana has (part) Guyana.
Guiana has (part) Suriname.
Guiana isa thing.
Guidance counseling is available to all students in the adult counselor's office.
Guidance counselor keeps track of student birthdays.
Guidance counselors are aghast.
Guidance counselors are also an option.
Guidance counselors are amazed at how large the high school has become.
Guidance counselors are available in all schools.
Guidance counselors are available to assist with the process.
Guidance counselors are available to help plan a student's program of study.
Guidance counselors are often very knowledgeable about the process.
Guidance counselors benefit.
Guidance counselors can often recommend good books and software.
Guidance counselors caution students to look at more than statistics when considering diversity.
Guidance counselors deal with the impact of television on kids self-esteem and sense of values.
Guidance counselors have detailed information.
Guidance counselors have waiting lists.
Guidance counselors help students schedule courses and develop post secondary plans.
Guidance counselors play a central role in arranging beneficial programs.
Guidance counselors play a large role in student placement in vocational education programs.
Guidance counselors provide a wide range of services to the school community.
Guidance counselors provide an essential link between students, parents and teachers.
Guidance counselors provide support in meeting social, emotional, and career needs.
Guidance counselors teach the unit, focusing on emotional aspects of teen sex.
Guidance counselors use programs of study in different ways.
Guidance counselors work with the girls and make sure they get training so that they can get a job.
Many guidance counselors are extremely knowledgeable about financial aid.
Most guidance counselors choose an undergraduate degree in psychology.
Some guidance counselors bemoan the popularity of the Web.
Guidance documents are a new category recognized in American administrative law.
Guidance documents are available to assist in following the regulations.
Guidance documents are available which outline the program and the application process.
Guidance documents are often helpful in understanding how agencies apply and enforce regulations.
Guidance documents associated with the rules are also available.
Some guidance documents contain recommendations.
Some guidance documents describe biology.
Guidance allows and encourages such a search to continue along alternative paths.
Guidance based on knowledge is to know the truth and to follow it.
Guidance breaks down into three basic categories - personal, corporeal, and supernatural.
Guidance breaks down into three basic categories-personal, corporeal, and supernatural.
Guidance can be hard on someone whose mind is already made up.
Guidance can be of chemical, physical, ergonomic, social or organizational kinds.
Guidance can come when grappling with a serious challenge in life.
Guidance can deal with complexity by having an approach targeted to specific taxpayer sections.
Guidance comes afterwards.
Guidance comes from the Bible, prayerfully used.
Guidance comes from the form names.
Guidance comes in both written and video format so is well understood and effectively implemented.
Guidance comes with an invitation to take part in a fertile debate.
Guidance concerning compliance is offered to creditors during and after examinations.
Guidance follows on completing each section of the form.
Guidance helps children get what they want in ways parents feel good about.
Guidance helps goals.
Guidance here means guidance at every turn of life and steadfastness on the path of truth.
Guidance includes a reasonable area around the boundary.
Guidance includes explaining limits, rules and expectations.
Guidance involves interaction between a company spokesman and the analysts who follow the firm.
Guidance is a continual and developmental process.
Guidance is a large, complicated system under continual development.
Guidance is a lifelong process.
Guidance is a message
Guidance is a planning system on the web.
Guidance is a regular class given to everyone about getting along, avoiding fights, etc.
Guidance is a true key to obtaining major goals.
Guidance is about change.
Guidance is also available for foreign companies who wish to set up branches in Brussels.
Guidance is also available from state and federal agencies.
Guidance is also available on establishing an ongoing waste minimization program.
Guidance is also important when it comes to assigning time and money to projects.
Guidance is an important factor.
Guidance is appreciated when offered in a non-threatening thoughtful manner.
Guidance is available concerning access to the compilers.
Guidance is available each step of the way toward a degree.
Guidance is available for application to postgraduate courses.
Guidance is available for noise complaints and intruder alarms.
Guidance is available for students and novices.
Guidance is available from one of the sisters if required.
Guidance is available from the celestial and angelic realms to all who seek it.
Guidance is available from the tax office in the home municipality of the debtor.
Guidance is available from trained persons in Austin.
Guidance is available in parenting planning as well as adoption planning.
Guidance is available on low-cost shore protection measures.
Guidance is available on notices beside each photocopier.
Guidance is available there about what the commands mean.
Guidance is available to foreign clients in their business activities in the the United States.
Guidance is better than punishment.
Guidance is by a broadband digital passive radar seeker with a fixed antenna.
Guidance is by inertial navigation system with active radar homing.
Guidance is done through a combination of slight body movements and fin movements.
Guidance is effected with the aid of radar and TV sight.
Guidance is essential in the rough seas of finance.
Guidance is for software development, supply and maintenance environments.
Guidance is for the benefit and protection of the child.
Guidance is fully automatic, with radar-controlled bearing.
Guidance is fully automatic.
Guidance is general unless solicited or in unusual situations.
Guidance is given about inputting the author's name.
Guidance is given about inputting the title.
Guidance is given according to the person's history.
Guidance is given as to the optimum indications for each drug, together with prophylactic regimens.
Guidance is given below but contact the laboratory if further information is required.
Guidance is given below.
Guidance is given for dealing with both the phenomena and with the transsexual person.
Guidance is given for further reading in the area.
Guidance is given for providing successful professional development training.
Guidance is given for the selection of lamps, luminaires and lighting systems.
Guidance is given in groups or individually depending on the situation.
Guidance is given in listening to classical music and learning to appreciate it.
Guidance is given in submitting original verse to various periodicals.
Guidance is given in techniques of workshop leadership.
Guidance is given in the development of a prospectus.
Guidance is given in the preparation of a portfolio for both prior and current learning assessment.
Guidance is given of the certification and registration process.
Guidance is given on appropriate methods and data.
Guidance is given on choice, preparation, organisation and management of games.
Guidance is given on how to carry out the assessment in practice, along with some real results.
Guidance is given to each member of the item writing team.
Guidance is great.
Guidance is guidance.
Guidance is here.
Guidance is important but let the kids be kids.
Guidance is important.
Guidance is included at the front of every book of death certificates.
Guidance is inertial with stellar reference updating.
Guidance is information about how to actually think through the process task.
Guidance is internal.
Guidance is likely to be extremely depressing too.
Guidance is lost.
Guidance is management.
Guidance is messages.
Guidance is most helpful early in a learning experience especially in the development of a skill.
Guidance is most helpful early in the development of a skill.
Guidance is necessary to enable any proposed evaluations to respond to some generic criteria.
Guidance is needed and publicly funded vaccine needs to be available to support control.
Guidance is needed here.
Guidance is needed in the purchase and the setup of the package.
Guidance is needed to avoid experience of failure and loss of motivation.
Guidance is needed to deal with the control of the manufacturers boat builders.
Guidance is needed, if a proposal is to be prepared for the next meeting.
Guidance is needed, of course, as a child matures.
Guidance is needed.
Guidance is offered in selecting appropriate scripture readings, music, and church decor.
Guidance is offered on negotiating and drafting multimedia agreements.
Guidance is offered on possible careers in meteorological science.
Guidance is offered on topics such as housing discrimination, rental laws, and eviction procedures.
Guidance is provided above.
Guidance is provided as to what constitutes original data for legal purposes.
Guidance is provided by academics.
Guidance is provided by nineteen full-time and eight adjunct faculty members.
Guidance is provided by phone or mail.
Guidance is provided by the classroom teacher.
Guidance is provided by the course instructor, as needed.
Guidance is provided by the same magnetic forces that repel the train from the track coils.
Guidance is provided by three ABGC certified genetic counselors.
Guidance is provided during one on one meetings with course instructor.
Guidance is provided for calculating impairment.
Guidance is provided for commonly encountered clinical conditions as well as rare medical problems.
Guidance is provided for evaluating the photobiological safety of lamps and lamp systems.
Guidance is provided for production schedule changes due to unanticipated production delays.
Guidance is provided for unusual occurrences.
Guidance is provided for unusual situations by the supervisor or other staff member.
Guidance is provided for unusual situations.
Guidance is provided for using sampling methods to gather certain types of data.
Guidance is provided in defining the experience and obtaining a preceptor as necessary.
Guidance is provided in developing and writing a plan for the dissertation.
Guidance is provided in goal setting, reading textbooks, taking tests, time management, etc.
Guidance is provided into future life-long participation in physical activities.
Guidance is provided on how to use the easily available reference materials.
Guidance is provided on questions about divorce and dissolution's.
Guidance is provided on the selection of techniques for thermal analysis.
Guidance is provided on the treatment of estimated salvage recoverable relating to insurance pools.
Guidance is provided on when a hedge is effective.
Guidance is provided on writing efficient code.
Guidance is provided through assisted yoga postures, simple breathwork, and verbal communication.
Guidance is provided through reception of signals emitted from a ground-based threat radar.
Guidance is provided to resources in the city.
Guidance is provided with respect to the hazards associated with various types of machinery.
Guidance is readily available.
Guidance is received and balance is achieved.
Guidance is received through the shared experiences and growth of others.
Guidance is received.
Guidance is regarded as a school wide program.
Guidance is seen as a shared responsibility.
Guidance is solicited.
Guidance is something else.
Guidance is the advice of a skilled professional in mutual funds.
Guidance is the collaborative responsibility of family and school.
Guidance is the individualizing, personalizing and socializing elements in education.
Guidance is used to develop self-control.
Guidance is welcome.
Guidance is welcomed.
Guidance isa message.
Guidance note for best practice rehabilitation management of occupational injuries and disease.
Guidance note for bidders.
Guidance note on how to do stakeholder analysis of aid projects and programmes.
Guidance note on indicators for measuring and assessing primary stakeholder participation.
Guidance notes for purchasers.
Guidance notes on completing the application forms.
Guidance notes The following are guidance notes for writing an article for business.
Guidance notes The guidance notes listed below are available in pdf format.
Guidance occurs through an optical localizer which measures the position of surgical tools.
Guidance only exists as the ever seductive call of the unknown.
Guidance plays a pivotal role in achieving excellence in our school programs.
Guidance relating to the transfer provisions is provided below.
Guidance requires good reasoning.
Guidance suggests greater threat of showers and cloudiness during latter part of week.
Guidance teaches children responsibility and builds their self-esteem.
Guidance Use large pieces of construction paper for tables.
Guidance works within packaged applications, and also offers highly customized solutions.
All guidance comes from here.
Any guidance is appreciated.
Any guidance is much appreciated.
More guidance is needed on voluntary workers and on people undertaking therapeutic activity.
More guidance is provided to determine whether goodwill is impaired.
Most guidance helps goals.
Some guidance does exist.
Some guidance gives examples.
Some guidance helps organizations.
Some guidance is provided on the pages as to costs.
Some guidance notes on individual forms are available via the following link .
Some guidance provides brief overviews.
Some guidance provides overviews.
Guidant employees strive to grow and that attitude is infectious.
Guide bar has a hardened finish for durability.
Guide books are a good place to start.
Guide books are also very educational about the places and countryside one drives through.
Guide books are available .
Guide books are available as well as quiz sheets and discovery trails for families and children.
Guide books are available for self-led tours.
Guide books are available in French and German.
Guide books are available in local tourist offices.
Guide books are available.
Guide books are essential.
Guide books are indispensible.
Guide books are on sale in English, French and German.
Guide books are readily available in local stores.
Guide books are to be consulted but are always only one or two people's opinions.
Guide books describe the orientation of the crag so plan the climb when it is in the shade.
Guide books give the most extensive and detailed information on castles.
Guide books offer little help.
Guide books proliferate.
Guide books vary in size, price and areas they are covering.
Most guide books are text with only a few maps and pictures and usually in black and white.
Most guide books rate it as one of the hardest hikes.
Most guide books warn that there is little to see.
A guide dog is a dog
Guide dog is acceptable.
Guide dog speakers Our speakers visit schools and community groups with their guide dogs.
Guide dogs are also under the umbrella term of assistance dog.
Guide dogs are also very welcome.
Guide dogs are also welcome.
Guide dogs are at work, even when sleeping under chairs.
Guide dogs are even exempt from pet deposit requirements.
Guide dogs are exempt from all restrictions.
Guide dogs are naturally welcome and other pets on deck by prior arrangement.
Guide dogs are no exception.
Guide dogs are obedient and accustomed to waiting.
Guide dogs are one type of service animal, used by some individuals who are blind.
Guide dogs are responsible for keeping their human partner safe.
Guide dogs are the exception.
Guide dogs are the oldest known assistance dogs.
Guide dogs are trained to automatically stop at all intersections, regardless of traffic lights.
Guide dogs are trained to lead the blind or vision impaired.
Guide dogs are very highly trained and disciplined.
Guide dogs are welcome and a hearing loop is available with headsets.
Guide dogs are welcome and a water bowl is available on request.
Guide dogs are welcome and there is a unisex disabled toilet.
Guide dogs are welcome at all of the sites .
Guide dogs are welcome.
Guide dogs assist people who are blind.
Guide dogs assure safe, convenient mobility for persons who are blind.
Guide dogs do get to play, but it is exclusively with their handlers.
Guide dogs have to be born of course.
Guide dogs have to be groomed daily.
Guide dogs help blind people get around on their own and live as much as a normal life as possible.
Guide dogs lead the blind, and some service dogs pull wheelchairs for the handicapped.
Guide dogs learn to stop whenever there is a change in ground elevation, such as at curbs.
Guide dogs love to please.
Guide dogs provide companionship and great emotional support.
Guide dogs take a lot of care.
All guide dogs can ride with their owner.
Some guide dogs are on vitamin supplements.
Guide horses are trained to stay calm in tough situations.
Guide lines are along the lines of resturants.
Guide number divided by distance equals f-stop.
Guide number is a given number.
Guide numbers are easy to use and are usually provided in the flash manual.
Guide numbers are larger for faster films.
Guide numbers differ according to whether the distance is to be measured in feet or in meters.
Guide posts are precision ground and made of case hardened steel.
Guide rails are adjustable for all cans up to No.
Guide signs are green or blue with black lettering.
Guide signs directing motorists to public parks and recreational areas have a brown background.
Many guide signs are rectangular, but some have other shapes as shown for interstate signs.
Most guide signs are rectangular.
Guide skiers can see .
Guide skiers can see.
Guide tours are available.
Guide waves are transverse ether waves.
A guide word is a word
Guide words appear at the top of each dictionary page.
Guide words appear at the top of the page to indicate the first and last words on each page.
A guide is an example
Guide accompanies hunter to prime locations.
Guide allows for an even slice every time.
Guide answers to the rain forests'.
Guide applicants through approval process.
Guide are available at the visitor center.
Guide are available on overnight reserve at the library.
Guide asks for questions.
Guide calibrates external cues, checking carefully for ecology.
Guide Call No.
Guide carries camp cook across.
Guide classmates on a trip.
Guide comes in and asks if there are any questions.
Guide commits to cease discharging until advised otherwise.
Guide confirms Burnham's separation.
Guide contains a thinker index.
Guide contains all the information needed for musicians on the road.
Guide contains background information, expert ranking and rationale and instructions.
Guide contains good advice for avoiding fraud and deception online.
Guide contains selectable options to ensure high performance on various systems and data sets.
Guide contains speaker biographies, session schedule and an industry white paper.
Guide covers basic usage to advanced programming.
Guide covers grammar, punctuation, spelling, cliches, and jargon.
Guide covers informed consent, unnecessary surgery and physician liability.
Guide covers the out islands of the Bahamas with detailed coverage.
Guide dogs only.
Guide dogs welcome in auditorium or dogsat outside.
Guide dogs welcome.
Guide explains how communities can apply and receive recognition.
Guide features room locations, capacities and reservation contact numbers.
Guide features vintage chart, recipes and pronunciation guide.
Guide gives histories of each light, plus directions to the lighthouse or best viewing spot.
Guide gives instruction on horse handling and explains the terrain through which the trail leads.
Guide goes through some odd hoops to draw comets as speedily as possible.
Guide includes bibliography and index.
Guide includes celebrity and cool theme restaurants.
Guide includes color illustrations requiring a color printer.
Guide includes discussion questions for each chapter, vocabulary words and classroom activities.
Guide includes information on contract specifications, hours of trading and delivery methods. .
Guide includes information on contract specifications, hours of trading and delivery methods.
Guide includes information on contract specifications,hours of trading and delivery methods.
Guide includes instructions for mounting leaves in the accompanying leaf album.
Guide includes latest news.
Guide includes list of cultural organizations and an explanation of resources offered.
Guide includes sample worksheets for assessing program costs and benefits.
Guide includes trash and recycling, water and wastewater, food and local resources.
Guide integrates both satellite and local programs.
Guide Is a tube in which the stem moves.
Guide is at the beginning of each reel.
Guide is divided into three sections.
Guide is extremely knowledgeable.
Guide is in DVD format.
Guide is in English.
Guide is mainly for adults.
Guide is more complex.
Guide is reusable after cleaning.
Guide is thorough, on-point, and of the highest quality.
Guide is well organized and designed.
Guide isa attendant.
Guide leads students on a themed tour exploring the area's history.
Guide lines how to apply scholarships and advanced education.
Guide lists actions chronologically.
Guide lists additional resources.
Guide lives in Abilene, Texas.
Guide marbles into their color-coordinated slots by switching flaps.
Guide missiles to targets by moveing the mouse.
Guide missles to the targets using the cross hairs.
Guide needs to verify catch.
Guide offers additional church related resources.
Guide offers innkeepers' recipes and cookbooks.
Guide picks Articles about and links to the deaf Hispanic latino community on the web.
Guide picks Current websites for camps offered at colleges.
Guide picks Links to manufacturers and retailers of golf equipment designed for women.
Guide picks Links to online sites that sell TV and film production wardrobes.
Guide picks The demographics of depression.
Guide provides broad category and name access.
Guide provides contact details and links for expo and convention centers and local retailers.
Guide provides great reading for junior and earliteen youth.
Guide provides justifications and information on implementing traffic calming.
Guide provides support that includes goals, comments, general suggestions, and answers.
Guide provides travel and tourism, recreation, events information, and pictures.
Guide provides useful ideas for creative approaches to bridge design.
Guide pupils in defining the term.
Guide rails .
Guide rails around shelving provide for automatic steering of the order-picker.
Guide rails border every path and ramps lead to dormitories.
Guide rails on the garden paths enable people to move around safely and independently.
Guide rides with well trained trail riding horses year-round.
Guide sets pace.
Guide shows all colors on coated stock.
Guide still denies being responsible.
Guide supervisors thru the recruitment.
Guide takes visitors to different project rooms and can answer questions about project.
Guide tells stories of Charleston's past.
Guide tells story of Edinburgh while visitors watch revolving image of city.
Guide vanes for a new launch platform cutout.
Guide walks behind.
Guides accompany small groups of kayakers, who go on the same trips as the rafts.
Guides accompany the trekkers and accomodation in the hilltribe villages is pre-booked.
Guides advise to take at least one litre of drinking water.
Guides advise tourists.
Guides afford exciting float trips as well as lake and stream outings.
Guides also act as a micro-vibration damper.
Guides also are available for dairy and turkey producers.
Guides also are available for swine and dairy producers.
Guides also exist for specific facets of web information.
Guides also have incentives to further their medical and technical experience.
Guides also interpret the marine environment.
Guides also know the waters they work very well.
Guides also provide historical information flavored by colorful local stories.
Guides also provide the bus driver with directions.
Guides also take students along some of the best hiking trails in Virginia.
Guides answer questions aboard the train and suggest activities to enjoy at different destinations.
Guides appear as lines floating over the image.
Guides are a uniformed presence to prevent break-ins, graffiti, and discourage social disorder.
Guides are accessible through keyword searching only.
Guides are advisable on some trails.
Guides are along on all hikes, for safety, leadership and interpretive reasons.
Guides are also available for fishing here.
Guides are also available for individuals during the summer and during special events.
Guides are also available for larger groups as and when required.
Guides are also available for purchase separately.
Guides are also available for using their products in the classroom.
Guides are also available on online learner support and industry-enterprise projects.
Guides are also available on our website.
Guides are also available thru our resort.
Guides are also available upon request.
Guides are also available via the Internet.
Guides are also available.
Guides are also divided into groups dealing with specific categories of chemicals.
Guides are also excellent at giving pointers.
Guides are always available upon request.
Guides are always happy to answer any questions about how to fish our crystal clear waters.
Guides are always on hand to assist.
Guides are attentive, child-oriented and safety minded.
Guides are available and recommended.
Guides are available and usually recommended for longer, more remote trips.
Guides are available as is accommodation in the area.
Guides are available at affordable rates.
Guides are available at all participating venues.
Guides are available at each home.
Guides are available at each site, with advance reservations.
Guides are available at each site.
Guides are available at extra cost.
Guides are available at no additional fee.
Guides are available at no charge.
Guides are available at reasonable rates.
Guides are available at the park entrance.
Guides are available by appointment.
Guides are available by pre-arrangement.
Guides are available daily or weekly.
Guides are available for a negotiable fee.
Guides are available for a variety of activities including hiking, boating and fishing.
Guides are available for additional access routes.
Guides are available for all ages and levels, in English and Hebrew.
Guides are available for all grade levels.
Guides are available for an additional charge and sailing lessons are offered.
Guides are available for an additional fee.
Guides are available for bay fishing.
Guides are available for Biblical studies as well as for most specialties.
Guides are available for both salmon and trout fishing in season.
Guides are available for canoe trips, lake fishing and wilderness hiking.
Guides are available for dozens of school subjects.
Guides are available for each program.
Guides are available for each unit.
Guides are available for fishing and duck hunting vacations.
Guides are available for group tours.
Guides are available for guided kayaking and hiking excursions.
Guides are available for half and full day wase fishing trips.
Guides are available for hiking and fishing side trips.
Guides are available for hire, and lessons are offered for beginners.
Guides are available for horseback riding, rafting, mountain biking, fishing and hiking.
Guides are available for majority of databases.
Guides are available for many of the most popular books for reading groups.
Guides are available for many of the most popular books.
Guides are available for most mountain streams.
Guides are available for nature commentary.
Guides are available for new cars and used cars .
Guides are available for pre-arranged tours.
Guides are available for purchase and reproduction in English, Spanish, Chinese and Vietnamese.
Guides are available for shopping and equipment rental advice.
Guides are available for tailor-made trips.
Guides are available for the pleasant walk through the grove.
Guides are available for the records, detail part drawings, and erecting card drawings.
Guides are available for the trek on donkey back to the oasis.
Guides are available for trekking over several routes.
Guides are available for various activities including horseback riding and fishing.
Guides are available free of charge.
Guides are available here.
Guides are available if needed.
Guides are available if requested.
Guides are available in many subject areas.
Guides are available on a reservation basis only.
Guides are available on a seasonal basis while supplies last.
Guides are available on a wide range of topics.
Guides are available on practically every subject.
Guides are available on request for various guided activities.
Guides are available on request.
Guides are available only through implementation seminars.
Guides are available through local tour companies.
Guides are available to answer questions and provide free brochures.
Guides are available to assist the beginners.
Guides are available to assist.
Guides are available to buy, check out our Books for Life section.
Guides are available to each service.
Guides are available to help both ambitious anglers and eager beginners.
Guides are available to help create simple profiles of the population.
Guides are available to help out with any problems that arise.
Guides are available to lead cross-country skiing expeditions through the high mountain wilderness.
Guides are available to lead travelers through the canyon or any other area of the reservation.
Guides are available to non members.
Guides are available to order.
Guides are available to paddle and discuss the Gardens on week-ends and during the spring season.
Guides are available to provide information on most of the displays of craftmanship.
Guides are available to show visitors through the cave, which is well-lit and quite large.
Guides are available to take guests for rides by the hour or the day.
Guides are available upon request for an additional charge.
Guides are available upon request for tours and machine demonstrations.
Guides are available upon request.
Guides are available which can be used in men's meetings and group Bible studies.
Guides are available who can detail the history and geology of the caves and surrounding area.
Guides are available with advanced notice.
Guides are available with instructions on how to complete the most commonly used forms.
Guides are available with prior notice.
Guides are available year-round for smallmouth bass fishing and other gamefish action.
Guides are available, and recommended for newbies.
Guides are available, please arrange in advance.
Guides are available.
Guides are black chrome framed with aluminum oxide inner rings for improve abrasion resistance.
Guides are black.
Guides are browsable by subject or alphabetically.
Guides are by appointment.
Guides are compulsory with every vehicle.
Guides are compulsory.
Guides are current students at the university.
Guides are different and each has their own speciality.
Guides are double-foot aluminum oxide.
Guides are durable aluminum oxide.
Guides are English-speaking and knowledgeable in fishing methods, including fly.
Guides are English-speaking.
Guides are essential.
Guides are experience instructors and trained interpretive naturalists.
Guides are experts in the regions and fields they specialise in making every experience memorable.
Guides are extremely knowledgeable and courteous.
Guides are for hire for private vehicles.
Guides are for sale at the museum.
Guides are free or small fee charged.
Guides are free to current students and activated alumni.
Guides are friendly and knowledgeable.
Guides are friendly and patient with the novice.
Guides are here to help.
Guides are highly-trained professionals and their time is at a premium.
Guides are hot-dipped galvanized steel with wear strip.
Guides are ideal for jump-starting expert witnesses thereby minimizing costs and time.
Guides are important.
Guides are knowledgeable about the geology, flora, fauna and human history of the area.
Guides are knowledgeable and friendly.
Guides are knowledgeable and have good knowledge of conservation issues, fauna and flora.
Guides are knowledgeable, energetic and talented.
Guides are leaders.
Guides are like that too.
Guides are like tour guides, helping people to open their eyes and see the wonder and glory.
Guides are local and with good knowledge of the falls and river.
Guides are local, registered and knowledgeable.
Guides are located in museums.
Guides are more concerned with faith formation than information.
Guides are multilingual, including English.
Guides are mum, counting their money, perhaps.
Guides are natives who are underpaid grossly by American standards.
Guides are non-printing.
Guides are obligatory and porters and equipment can be arranged.
Guides are often available as printed pamphlets as well as online.
Guides are on duty to assist visitors.
Guides are on duty.
Guides are on hand to explain the history of the estate and the families who lived there.
Guides are on site to answer questions when the lighthouse is open.
Guides are on-site for bird watching, dog sledding and aurora watching.
Guides are plateau country natives who love to share their knowledge and stories.
Guides are plentiful and several businesses specialize in custom hunting trips.
Guides are present along the tour to assist visitors when needed.
Guides are professional and well-experienced in the tourism business.
Guides are professional so guests can relax and enjoy a tour in the oar-powered rafts.
Guides are quick to point out unique forest plants trees and delicious wild edibles.
Guides are real cowboys.
Guides are responsible for directing teams to their appropriate competition rooms.
Guides are responsible for ensuring base guidelines are followed.
Guides are responsible for food preparation, camp setup and camp maintenance.
Guides are responsible for helping create an atmosphere of care, support and Christian nurture.
Guides are responsible for hosting a team of six students and two coaches.
Guides are responsible for the focus of their sites and for updating links and adding new ones.
Guides are responsible for their own meals.
Guides are sometimes available for prearranged group tours during regular working hours.
Guides are structures.
Guides are super.
Guides are swift water rescue certified.
Guides are there to guide.
Guides are thus a form of structured bookmarks for organizing reference information.
Guides are university geology students.
Guides are up to date.
Guides are useful to make sure the map is aligned and to judge how much further rotation is needed.
Guides are user-placeable lines that float over the entire image.
Guides are usually available for basic instructions.
Guides are welcome to submit their halibut fishing reports or photos throughout the season.
Guides are where the most value can be added to travel.
Guides are young, English-speaking Peruvian biologists.
Guides arrange for the transportation, equipment, and supplies to be used on outings.
Guides build a comprehensive environment around each of their specific topics.
Guides built-in to accept removable end gate which eliminates rear spillage during transport.
Guides buy how to sell online agreements or landlord tenant library purchase legal bookstore land.
Guides can also be substantial time savers on recurring engagements.
Guides can buy as a coop, saving money for each guide.
Guides can cover specific sections of a geographical area, or can cover a large area.
Guides can customize a tour for beginner, intermediate, and expert riders.
Guides can handle two persons and provide their own boat, motor and gas.
Guides can handle up to two adults.
Guides can make suggestions.
Guides can make the Alaska outdoors a safer, more enjoyable experience.
Guides can take on many forms.
Guides can work off points with activities that are beyond the duty of a regular guide.
Guides carry a basket of artifacts to enrich the discussions about history.
Guides carry all additional gear.
Guides carry extra wool sweaters for emergencies in their dry bags.
Guides carry first aid equipment, and also hand held radios, for communication with our base.
Guides carry first aid kits.
Guides carry first aid supplies only , and as a minimum are prepared to administer basic first aid.
Guides carry most of the food and all of the cooking equipment.
Guides carry radios.
Guides carry weapons, and radios.
Guides cater to fishers of all levels.
Guides celebrate in many ways.
Guides Check out a comprehensive collection of guides to computer system and storage.
Guides combine knowledge of wildlife, geology, local history and skiing.
Guides come and go here in the desert but one remains.
Guides come in all kinds of forms.
Guides come in two styles, single foot and double foot.
Guides come with canisters of hot water, and everyone goes to dress.
Guides commit themselves to learning, playing and promoting Christian service.
Guides conduct all tours in ceremonial dress uniforms.
Guides conduct tours of the house, restored outbuildings and gardens.
Guides conduct tours of the house.
Guides consider each evening s meal a masterpiece, and they work hard to produce it.
Guides consist of agency manuals, handbooks, and standards.
Guides contain basic information.
Guides contain information.
Guides contain pages.
Guides contain recommendations.
Guides contain suggestions.
Guides continuously scout the fields to assure the best possible hunt for that day.
Guides cover topics.
Guides create their own content and obtain content from other contributing experts .
Guides describe sites.
Guides design the trips to suit the ages, abilities and interests of the visitors.
Guides develop own thematic tour of the house based on the tour manual.
Guides discuss geology, history and exploration.
Guides discuss winemaking, tasting.
Guides do have the ability to remove participants who are rude or offensive.
Guides do more physical activities such as camping, canoeing and abseiling, than Brownies.
Guides do pull similar stunts on anglers of course.
Guides dressed in period costumes offer daily tours.
Guides dressed in period costumes provide tours of the two-story house.
Guides earn licenses, and most who attempt to get licenses fail.
Guides educate visitors on trail etiquette.
Guides emphasize importance.
Guides engage visitors in dialogue and help visitors use interactive portions of the exhibits.
Guides enjoy scenery.
Guides enjoy surround scenery.
Guides equipped with crampons strode confidently to the edge of perilous crevasses.
Guides escort visitors through the buildings.
Guides exist for many subjects, but there was no data source for locating churches near waterways.
Guides exist to all countries.
Guides exist to many of the databases.
Guides explain Amish clothes and customers.
Guides explain what makes each an Art Deco design and give the history behind the structures.
Guides explaining the other areas mentioned are also available.
Guides explore ranges.
Guides feature real estate and business listings as well as travel and event information.
Guides focus on either a specific research or conservation area, or on a specific group of plants.
Guides generally hunt safari parks or protected herds on private land.
Guides generally specialize in single and multi day float trips on various sections of the river.
Guides generally work throughout the week including weekends and holidays.
Guides give regular tours of the building.
Guides give tours in period uniform.
Guides have (part) arms.
Guides have (part) body substances.
Guides have (part) cell membranes.
Guides have (part) cells.
Guides have (part) corpi.
Guides have (part) cytoplasm.
Guides have (part) heads.
Guides have (part) human bodies.
Guides have (part) legs.
Guides have (part) material bodies.
Guides have (part) necks.
Guides have (part) nuclei.
Guides have (part) personality.
Guides have (part) plasma membranes.
Guides have (part) sections.
Guides have (part) vacuoles.
Guides have a broader focus, and are generally longer documents.
Guides have advice.
Guides have approaches.
Guides have deep knowledge of local nature and culture.
Guides have different approaches.
Guides have extensive links to other sites, as well as pertinent content of their own.
Guides have feedback.
Guides have no reason to put much of an effort into the sites they submit or the reviews they write.
Guides have particular colour preferences according to prevailing local conditions.
Guides have permission.
Guides have photos.
Guides have recipes.
Guides have subjects.
Guides have thousands of hours in the field and are educated in local geology, history and wildlife.
Guides have to bring their own or rent equipment.
Guides have to help develop the boat as a centre of whale watching excellence.
Guides Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Guides help centers.
Guides Here is the beginning of a guide listing.
Guides Hiring a guide with local knowledge is recommended.
Guides identify the mountains and share historic tidbits during stops for photographs.
Guides identify, describe, and evaluate Internet-based information resources.
Guides identify, describe, and rank sites and are also searchable by keyword.
Guides include definition.
Guides include topics.
Guides incorporate alternatives.
Guides incorporate concepts.
Guides indicating the correct reel for localities, named townships and counties are available.
Guides introduce riders to the area.
Guides is mandated in most states and other jurisdictions.
Guides IX.E. Locations Newspapers are more difficult to collect than journals.
Guides know that hunters who feel good tip best.
Guides know the flats, the tides, the flies, and the fish.
Guides know the house and the novels that use the house as a setting.
Guides know which ridgetops afford the best views of mountain caribou in the Canadian Rockies.
Guides lead guests on an intimate journey through the courtyards, gardens and personal living space.
Guides lead the blindfolded team to the landing zone.
Guides lead the way.
Guides learn about art and gain valuable volunteer experience.
Guides list relevant reference works, indexes, organizations, and Web resources.
Guides live in the U.S. and globally, each paid according to traffic and usage.
Guides look at pictures.
Guides love to hear that.
Guides make frequent stops to explain the geological and historical significance of the sites.
Guides make getting around downtown a simple and enjoyable experience.
Guides make sure that hunters are given ample opportunity to shoot their limits.
Guides make the adventure exciting and interesting with information about the flora and fauna.
Guides offer a wide range of courses for groups and clubs as well as individuals.
Guides offer beginner, intermediate and advanced level groups a planned tour.
Guides offer daily walking tours during the summer months.
Guides offer details.
Guides offer excursions by both vehicle and canoe, in the morning or the evening.
Guides offer haunting stories of the city.
Guides offer invaluable lessons on the river that can be repeated later on a solo trip.
Guides offer unique perspectives on their topics through clear and engaging regular features.
Guides offers three different mailing lists.
Guides pick up and drop off right at the dock.
Guides pick up anglers at the farm each morning.
Guides point out features.
Guides point out tricks and treacheries of the route, warning novices of unseen peril.
Guides point to the absence of power lines.
Guides pose during an event.
Guides prevent pipe rotation about one or more axes.
Guides prove particularly necessary when weather on the moors turns bad.
Guides provide assistance.
Guides provide details.
Guides provide fascinating insight into the formation of the reef.
Guides provide general information.
Guides provide great insight into a countries customs, attitudes and behaviors.
Guides provide historical and contemporary information on the building and the legislative process.
Guides provide history and contemporary information on the building and the legislative process.
Guides provide information about the historic role of the river in the area.
Guides provide information on area geology and quarry finds.
Guides provide information.
Guides provide instruction.
Guides provide instruction.
Guides provide introductions.
Guides provide nutrition.
Guides provide practical information on agricultural and home economics topics.
Guides provide recommendations.
Guides provide sources.
Guides provide sturgeon tackle.
Guides provide tackle and bait.
Guides provide the most comfortable accommodation available in the wilderness.
Guides provide tips.
Guides provide training on the use of avalanche transceivers, which are provided free to each guest.
Guides provide users.
Guides provide van tours of the South Texas Project Nuclear Plant site.
Guides provided by the boat operators lead a variety of organized day trips.
Guides really love that sort of attitude.
Guides receive a rating of to checks for each criterion.
Guides recount an oral history of the theater, and audience participation is strongly encouraged.
Guides relate facts and stories about the outlaws.
Guides relate stories of bandit hideaways and fascinating crystal formations.
Guides relate West Virginia's beautiful geological layout and deep mountain history.
Guides report enjoying to work hands free, no microphone.
Guides ride along to assist novice riders if requested.
Guides rope onto reel to ensure even winding.
Guides row the rafts or lead guests in paddling their own.
Guides say to be especially careful walking by the blacksmith's stable.
Guides serve a wide range of anglers.
Guides serve to index files, especially correspondence files, and support the folders.
Guides shake hands with one another with the left hand.
Guides share the same call number as the discs for which they provide information.
Guides sit in the open water scanning the horizon with binoculars, looking for diving gulls.
Guides slowly drive right up to the herd, providing ample time to ask questions and take photos.
Guides speak English and other languages.
Guides speak English, German and Spanish.
Guides specialize by doing what they do over and over, day in and day out.
Guides spend one to two years as porters, then train for three months before becoming guides.
Guides study with the local historical society, for example.
Guides summarize immunizations, exams, and tests by age.
Guides take care of all the travel details, so family members can focus on having fun together.
Guides take groups of tourists to the summit, weather permitting, on most days during the season.
Guides take hunters out on foot in the morning and again in the early evening.
Guides take one or two anglers.
Guides take the hassle out of travel.
Guides take tourists on the field and in the visitors dugout, the clubhouse and broadcast booth.
Guides take visitors into a tasting room and a gift shop.
Guides takes walks to view penguins coming ashore after dark.
Guides talk about history, geology and wildlife.
Guides talk about traditions, student life, history, and the architecture of the Berkeley campus.
Guides target specific audiences and topics.
Guides teach readers.
Guides teach the team their language.
Guides tell of a ruler who did both good and evil.
Guides tell stories of California's governors and their families.
Guides then unravel unique elephant folklore, lifestyle and secrets.
Guides There are masses of guides about the place - many are excellent, and many are very poor.
Guides tout for business at all the guesthouses, prices are negotiable.
Guides try to assist in landing and get photo session over quickly.
Guides try to avoid crowds and provide personalized service.
Guides typically cover all types of Internet resources.
Guides understand the importance of tradition when conducting quail hunts.
Guides use key characteristics to make identification easier.
Guides use our equipment for which there is an additional charge.
Guides use stern mounts for more power, and because they can steer with their pushpoles.
Guides viewer through recovery.
Guides wear a white shirt with navy blue pants and a sky blue scarf.
Guides work all year keeping in touch with their fish.
Guides work in pairs with scripts.
Guides often accompany visitors to encourage appropriate behaviour.
Guides often begin as helpers, such as packers.
Guides often find themselves in a no-win situation.
Guides sometimes stand in strategic spots to push jumpers away from danger points.
Guides usually appear a light cyan blue.
Guides usually have access to the best fishing spots.
Guides usually like to fish some of the time out of the back of the boat.
Guides usually work both indoors and outdoors in all types of weather.
Guides usually work very long hours for weeks at a time.
All guides address themselves to one relatively small, specific area.
All Guides are also available in paper format at the library.
All guides are also available in paper in the reference area.
All guides are also available in print at the reference desk.
All guides are always clean, neat and courteous every day.
All guides are available in both official languages.
All guides are competent, experienced and very professional.
All guides are currently out of print but can be accessed on the Web.
All guides are double and triple wrapped .
All guides are equally responsible for making sure the girls get to each session.
All guides are Equity members or have Honours degrees.
All guides are flat black to minimize reflection with black wraps.
All Guides are friends of nature.
All guides are fully qualified river guides and have a good knowledge of the flora and fauna.
All guides are fully qualified.
All guides are fun, friendly and extremely helpful.
All guides are hand-picked and experienced in river running, safety and first aid.
All guides are mature, highly educated and skilled locals with lives of their own.
All guides are native naturalists, environmentalists and unparalleled game spotters.
All guides are native to the area and have studied the region for years.
All guides are on the web at the address below.
All guides are pdf files.
All guides are professional climbers.
All guides are professional mariners and naturalists.
All guides are professionals who have been hand-picked by Bud.
All guides are proficient woodsmen and accomplished veterans of trophy whitetail hunting.
All guides are rated, however, the quality is uneven.
All Guides are U.S.C.G.S. licensed captains.
All guides are underwrapped for extra durability.
All guides are university trained with a flair for dramatic presentation.
All guides are very experienced on Teal Lake, and the other local waters.
All guides are volunteers well-versed in Terrace Hill and Iowa history.
All guides are well trained to handle emergency situations.
All guides carry binoculars and spotting scopes and are excellent judges of trophies.
All guides carry cellular phones, first aid kits, mosquito repellent and extra water.
All guides contain appropriate glossaries of terms and bibliographies.
All guides have advanced degrees in fields such as botany, geology and archaeology.
All guides have an unlimited volume .
All guides have specific training and emergency wilderness first aid training.
All guides list European, Asian, Canadian and American vehicles.
All guides provide appropriate gear for their style of fishing.
All guides receive extensive on-going training.
All guides speak English and have a deep knowledge of the various trekking routes.
All guides work as independent contractors.
Every guide has a reference link with information about the contents of the guide.
Every guide is protected by username-password combination.
Many guides accept gratuity, but it is never required.
Many guides also offer helicopter and snowmobile trips.
Many guides are an invaluable resource for information about the post and the surrounding area.
Many guides are available for developing evaluation goals and procedures.
Many guides are available to assist chapters or individuals on building a quality, sturdy ramp.
Many guides are free or carry a nominal charge.
Many guides are good to excellent.
Many guides have expertise in using the Web and in their topics.
Many guides have self-tests or questions for review to help guide student learning.
Many guides kick the motor out of gear every thirty seconds to let the bait flutter down deep.
Many guides list average response times from various publishers.
Many guides offer combination halibut chinook trips.
Many guides provide annotations or evaluations of the sites they list.
Many guides recommend a traditional approach to the print r sum .
Many guides specialise in a particular subject or language as indicated in the above list.
Many guides take college courses in leisure studies or physical education.
Many guides try to book multiple trips per day, especially during tarpon season.
Many guides use a bait launcher to fling the unfortunate greenies over a wide area.
Many guides work only inside of specific sights such as temples or castles.
Many guides work the lake.
Most guides advise tourists.
Most guides are intentionally narrow in focus.
Most guides believe the lighter the line the better.
Most guides can highlight the meaning of many of the festival characters.
Most guides contain basic information.
Most guides contain information.
Most guides contain pages.
Most guides contain recommendations.
Most guides contain suggestions.
Most guides describe sites.
Most guides emphasize importance.
Most guides enjoy scenery.
Most guides enjoy surround scenery.
Most guides focus on undergraduate study.
Most guides follow the same general format.
Most guides have advice.
Most guides have approaches.
Most guides have different approaches.
Most guides have feedback.
Most guides have permission.
Most guides have photos.
Most guides have reasonable rates.
Most guides have recipes.
Most guides have students create a product after thay have reviewed Web resources.
Most guides have subjects.
Most guides look at pictures.
Most guides offer details.
Most guides point out features.
Most guides prefer just plain old first, second, third , and so forth, without the -ly ending.
Most guides provide assistance.
Most guides provide details.
Most guides provide general information.
Most guides provide information.
Most guides provide instruction.
Most guides provide introductions.
Most guides provide nutrition.
Most guides provide recommendations.
Most guides provide sources.
Most guides provide tips.
Most guides provide users.
Most guides speak English or pidgin English.
Most guides take four guests to a boat for either half day or full day trips.
Most guides teach readers.
Most guides use live bait that time of year.
Most guides use plugging to help their clients catch fish.
Most guides use the clock system to alert the fisherman to get ready.
Some guides add in a rod fee.
Some guides also contain hot links embedded within the text.
Some guides also have their own web pages with helpful information about fishing the Upper Delaware.
Some guides also refer to related Internet sites and to electronic databases.
Some guides are accessible from more than one center.
Some guides are available to download in .pdf format from Web sites.
Some guides are bilingual in Spanish and English.
Some guides are great and all their clients come away highly satisfied.
Some guides are official and wear badges.
Some guides are 'one-offs', but most are part of a series.
Some guides are professionals in camping safaris.
Some guides are quite extensive in their content.
Some guides are text-only, most are written with hypertext links.
Some guides are useful for our members, and others are useful for visitors.
Some guides become stepmothers.
Some guides carry ropes etc.
Some guides conduct energy.
Some guides conduct microwave energy.
Some guides contain links to electronic versions of the sources.
Some guides cost thousands of dollars, others are cheap.
Some guides cover the entire United Kingdom and Ireland.
Some guides cover vocabulary.
Some guides describe procedures.
Some guides discuss temperature.
Some guides do spend a bit too much time explaining technical details.
Some guides employ chefs to plan menus.
Some guides even claim the rays look forward to human visitors and enjoy being petted and stroked.
Some guides explain participation.
Some guides explain waves.
Some guides explore use.
Some guides fall to death.
Some guides find better solutions.
Some guides find solutions.
Some guides focus on careers.
Some guides focus on fitnesses.
Some guides go a bit further and include a ruler printed along the cover.
Some guides have boots to lend.
Some guides have ceramic rings inside the outer metal frames.
Some guides have enough knowledge to lead both summer and winter recreation trips.
Some guides have information.
Some guides have multiple pairs for different lighting conditions.
Some guides have surfaces.
Some guides have torches.
Some guides help accuracy.
Some guides help alternatives.
Some guides help calls.
Some guides help choices.
Some guides help cockatoos.
Some guides help culture.
Some guides help goals.
Some guides help mealworm culture.
Some guides help mechanics.
Some guides help products.
Some guides help pumpkins.
Some guides help various bird calls.
Some guides lead visitors around town or through museums.
Some guides lose weight.
Some guides offer activities.
Some guides only list an estimated retail price of a vehicle.
Some guides prefer five and six weight rods for steelhead to better accommodate very light tippets.
Some guides provide distribution.
Some guides provide explanations.
Some guides provide guidance.
Some guides provide overviews.
Some guides provide science.
Some guides provide space in which individuals can document the process as it occurs.
Some guides put their client on stand-by and call when a fresh snow falls.
Some guides receive feedback.
Some Guides receive tips.
Some guides recruit their friends, spouses, children or co-workers.
Some guides ride out the slack time by hunting ducks or geese professionally.
Some guides seem to think that the only options for transport out are buses or hiring a whole taxi.
Some guides serve strategies.
Some guides simply walk and encourage the group to listen to the sounds of nature.
Some guides supply unique information, while others awaken fresh inspiration.
Some guides swear by that one.
Some guides transfer the meat to families in the villages they frequent where it is appreciated.
Some guides try to anticipate the feeding field based on a gaggle's nighttime roosting spot.
Some guides use launchers.
Some guides use separate scales for food, service, ambiance, and even noise level.
Most guidebook companies offer books focussed on specific countries or regions.
Some guidebook publishers acknowledge that chances to fudge exist.
A guidebook is a reference
Guidebook isa book.
Guidebooks are a great help in Newfoundland especially for the outdoor enthusiasts.
Guidebooks are a little like politicians.
Guidebooks are a small investment that can save recruiters time and money.
Guidebooks are available across town.
Guidebooks are available at the entrance gate and at the bookshop, for a small fee.
Guidebooks are available at the local bicycle stores.
Guidebooks are available at the museum, although they are limited to some of the major items.
Guidebooks are available at the trailhead and in the visitor center.
Guidebooks are available at the visitor center and at the start of both drives.
Guidebooks are available in the law library.
Guidebooks are available through the bookstore .
Guidebooks are available.
Guidebooks are complete and highly original texts.
Guidebooks are excellent sources of street and site maps.
Guidebooks are great but take up a lot of precious space.
Guidebooks are great for suggesting scenic routes and contact information for tourist attractions.
Guidebooks are great, but they're infrequently updated.
Guidebooks are handbooks.
Guidebooks are increasingly a matter of personal choice.
Guidebooks are invaluable tools for the modern traveller.
Guidebooks are lists of information and facts of history and geography.
Guidebooks are one of the four components of the Forest Practices Code.
Guidebooks can be wrong.
Guidebooks covering both state and federal regulations are available.
Guidebooks give it the most cursory of mentions, or often none at all.
Guidebooks go in and out of print all the time, so please call for the most updated issues avalible.
Guidebooks have (part) artwork.
Guidebooks have (part) cartoons.
Guidebooks have (part) chapters.
Guidebooks have (part) items.
Guidebooks have (part) page numbers.
Guidebooks have (part) paragraphs.
Guidebooks have (part) sections.
Guidebooks have (part) word order.
Guidebooks have their place, but work best in concert with other sources of information.
Guidebooks Here are some suggested books and reference tools for helpful information on the city.
Guidebooks point out that the nightlife of Iceland is legendary.
Guidebooks provide particulars for a hundred hikes.
Guidebooks provide pre-departure checklists and expert advice on a variety of relocation issues.
Guidebooks require that billings go to independent auditors, who decide whether charges are valid.
Guidebooks seem to have only a vague influence on the way tourists conduct their voyages.
Guidebooks tout Hawaiian regional cuisine among the best anywhere.
Guidebooks vary in style, format, content and target audience.
Guidebooks vary in value from the scholarly to the ridiculous.
Guidebooks warn ominously about altitude sickness, avalanches, even death.
Guidebooks often mention possibilities.
All guidebooks are available for purchase through The Ultimate Appalachian Trail Store .
All guidebooks are in print and available at a nominal cost.
All guidebooks warn of the hazardous diversion dam and waterfalls below take-out.
Any guidebook lists the popular hill towns.
Many guidebooks exist on Myanmar.
Many guidebooks indicate which attractions and facilities are wheelchair accessible.
Most guidebooks also rate the academic competitiveness or selectivity.
Most guidebooks are the same.
Most guidebooks contain topographic maps.
Most guidebooks dismiss the Gulf Coast uninteresting.
Most guidebooks dont mention it.
Most guidebooks have a budget bias.
Most guidebooks have maps showing their locations.
Most guidebooks tell where to travel.
Most guidebooks warn that prices in Italy have skyrocketed out of the average traveler's means.
Some guidebooks are available in electronic form, as well .
Some guidebooks even explain in detail how to get to specific sites on foot or via public transit.
Some guidebooks offer recipes.
Some guidebooks refer to Volcano Village as the most picturesque place in all of the United States.
Guided activities are extra.
Guided ejection is mandated as are other features such as wear plates for slides.
Guided fantasy helps improve their performance, but only moderately.
Guided night walks for the sight and sound enjoyment of nocturnal animals.
Guided salmon viewing walks are a highlight of the festival.
Guided Web Browsing C- a call center agent can guide a customer to a web page.
Guideline logic is represented as rules in conventional decision tables.
Guideline protocols are the most common type of protocol.
A guideline is a program
A guideline is guidance
Guideline changes with hardness.
Guideline isa rule.
Guideline vary depending on needed assistance.
Guidelines accompany the distribution of forms to assure uniform data collection practices.
Guidelines address such items as bylaws, membership and sunshine law meeting notices.
Guidelines advise ads to present balanced information and to discuss alternative treatments.
Guidelines allow for continuation of services under unusual circumstances.
Guidelines also are in place to protect employees from sexual assault.
Guidelines also call for civil fines, sometimes running into millions of dollars.
Guidelines also differ on length limits and some other specifications.
Guidelines also fog the issue of leadership.
Guidelines also govern awnings, canopies, and sidewalk display racks.
Guidelines also identify relevant industry standards and sources for further information.
Guidelines also outline the base in back, and one lies along the top of the base's true right side.
Guidelines also protect students rights to privacy and quiet times.
Guidelines appear below.
Guidelines appear in the box.
Guidelines appear in the most recent issue.
Guidelines apply equally to adopted children.
Guidelines apply to all e-mail users.
Guidelines apply to all users.
Guidelines apply to that usage.
Guidelines are all over the place.
Guidelines are also available for altar boys.
Guidelines are also available for book , software and web site reviewers.
Guidelines are also in place for how to stun broiler chickens before they are killed.
Guidelines are also prepared for auditing procedures and competence of auditors.
Guidelines are always important for assisting young people in making good choices.
Guidelines are as follows, using a seven-element format.
Guidelines are as follows.
Guidelines are at the MLA cite on our Links page.
Guidelines are available .
Guidelines are available and submissions encouraged.
Guidelines are available at least two months in advance of the deadlines.
Guidelines are available at ranger stations and visitor information centers.
Guidelines are available at the site.
Guidelines are available below .
Guidelines are available for any school wishing to participate.
Guidelines are available for departments requiring duplication work.
Guidelines are available for intending contributors.
Guidelines are available for materials that are on reserve in the library.
Guidelines are available for reference purposes.
Guidelines are available for swimming off the camp's property and at nonregulated locations.
Guidelines are available from department heads and in the library.
Guidelines are available from each prekindergarten school.
Guidelines are available from Internship director.
Guidelines are available from music staff to assist the nomination process.
Guidelines are available from that office.
Guidelines are available from the address above.
Guidelines are available from the coordinator of planned studies.
Guidelines are available from the department office.
Guidelines are available from the division secretary.
Guidelines are available from the editor.
Guidelines are available from the editorial office upon request.
Guidelines are available from the funder by phone, at their Internet site, or by mail.
Guidelines are available from the graduate chair.
Guidelines are available from the program chair.
Guidelines are available from the Roanoke City Law Library .
Guidelines are available full text.
Guidelines are available here.
Guidelines are available in the application kit.
Guidelines are available in the department office.
Guidelines are available in the front office.
Guidelines are available in the registrar's office.
Guidelines are available on how to deal with such information overload.
Guidelines are available on request.
Guidelines are available on the server.
Guidelines are available on the site.
Guidelines are available on the source and content of documentation.
Guidelines are available on the web site.
Guidelines are available on the web.
Guidelines are available online.
Guidelines are available through many senior centers, hospitals and other organizations.
Guidelines are available to assess whether an action is likely to have a significant impact.
Guidelines are available to help people make a determination.
Guidelines are available to minimize internal heating of thick tire shred fills.
Guidelines are available upon request for free-lance photographers.
Guidelines are available upon request.
Guidelines are available.
Guidelines are clear for new construction.
Guidelines are community specific.
Guidelines are criteria against which products, systems, or programs can be measured or evaluated.
Guidelines are currently available to view or download.
Guidelines are currently under revision.
Guidelines are decision tools that assist both providers and patients in decision-making.
Guidelines are detailed and usually applicable to the assigned work.
Guidelines are different for each region.
Guidelines are either nonspecific or being developed.
Guidelines are essentially specifications for work to be done to properties.
Guidelines are fairly general, and there really is a loan program for everyone.
Guidelines are few and often inadequate.
Guidelines are flexible and user-friendly for practitioners.
Guidelines are flexible.
Guidelines are for student movement and the responsibilities of all staff members.
Guidelines are full text and many are also available in Spanish.
Guidelines are generally adequate.
Guidelines are good practices that have worked well elsewhere.
Guidelines are guidelines.
Guidelines are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Guidelines are in fact very much like free advise.
Guidelines are in flux and in debate.
Guidelines are in place and measures exist to promote consistency in our decisions on fairness.
Guidelines are in place for local mergers.
Guidelines are in place for the appellate court system and for state funds spent for trial courts.
Guidelines are in place to respect the limited time of alumni.
Guidelines are in place.
Guidelines are in the course pack.
Guidelines are in the submit section.
Guidelines are information.
Guidelines are just a benchmark.
Guidelines are just one piece in the clinical effectiveness jigsaw.
Guidelines are like requirements but more flexible.
Guidelines are limited.
Guidelines are lines.
Guidelines are much the same for short works as for book-length works.
Guidelines are necessary to resolve the allocational problems that arise regarding the fisheries.
Guidelines are neither mandatory nor limiting, nor do they cover every possible contingency.
Guidelines are never a substitute for good judgement.
Guidelines are no substitute for good clinical judgement.
Guidelines are often the first step in the standards-making process.
Guidelines are often unrealistic and difficult to apply.
Guidelines are okay, but there s no percentage in fanaticism.
Guidelines are on a separate sheet.
Guidelines are on common primary and secondary issues.
Guidelines are on the application form.
Guidelines are online.
Guidelines are only for reference.
Guidelines are only suggestions, with the strong implication of being optional.
Guidelines are ordinances and ordinances are rules and as such are legally binding.
Guidelines are predominantly for meat, poultry and egg dishes.
Guidelines are present for physicians and patients.
Guidelines are provided by food manufacturers.
Guidelines are provided by manufacturers.
Guidelines are readily available from the mold texture suppliers or mold builders.
Guidelines are relatively simple.
Guidelines are rules.
Guidelines are simple.
Guidelines are specific and cover all aspects of the work.
Guidelines are statements of enforcement policy.
Guidelines are subject to change annually.
Guidelines are subject to change as situations warrant and as government regulations require.
Guidelines are subject to change without notice.
Guidelines are subject to change.
Guidelines are subject to revision.
Guidelines are systematically developed statements to assist practitioner decisions .for specific .
Guidelines are the same for the other departmental fellowships.
Guidelines are to be developed on the methodologies to be applied.
Guidelines are to be posted at or near the entrance to the area.
Guidelines are tough to call for complete replacement of clumping litter.
Guidelines are tougher on offenders.
Guidelines are under review.
Guidelines are usually much the same when submissions can be accepted.
Guidelines are very specific and increase the challenge.
Guidelines are very stringent and are designed to protect human health.
Guidelines are widely available.
Guidelines are, however, just that and progress remained slow.
Guidelines base on actual experience.
Guidelines base on experience.
Guidelines based on lesser scientific knowledge most often are costly and ineffective.
Guidelines Be specific, providing as much relevant information as possible.
Guidelines become legally enforceable when inserted in plans, prescriptions and contracts.
Guidelines call for from two to three servings of protein a day.
Guidelines call for making one connection at a time and dialing in only when a connection is needed.
Guidelines can also reassure a client of the attorney's commitment to cost-consciousness.
Guidelines can be difficult to select .
Guidelines can be useful information tools for health care consumers.
Guidelines can help shield practitioners from clinical error and malpractice risk.
Guidelines can help the firefighter operate safely in a hazardous environment.
Guidelines can improve the standards of patient care and help conserve health care resources.
Guidelines can provide the specifics for that argument.
Guidelines can serve as valuable knowledge sources for systems that assist clinical decision-making.
Guidelines can take the form of a letter or brochure or be featured in an annual report or Web site.
Guidelines change with age, diet, and general health.
Guidelines Come to class.
Guidelines Complete all necessary sections on the request form.
Guidelines Complete the information requested on the nomination form.
Guidelines concerning illustrations are available from the department.
Guidelines concerning victim treatment are necessary.
Guidelines consist of established routines, procedures, policies, and regulations.
Guidelines consist of instructions, manuals and specifications, and related criteria.
Guidelines consist of standard Federal regulations and organizational directives.
Guidelines contain criteria for solving the core problem or question.
Guidelines cover both medical and nursing care.
Guidelines cover the award committee, award criteria, and the nature of the award.
Guidelines cover wages, holidays, work schedules, overtime pay, vacation, and sick leave.
Guidelines Demonstrates interest in professional development.
Guidelines describe the use of quality characteristics for the evaluation of software quality.
Guidelines determine the parameters of acceptable behavior in conducting competitive intelligence.
Guidelines Develop guidelines for insect and disease control.
Guidelines does just that.
Guidelines Eat a variety of foods every day.
Guidelines enable developer.
Guidelines encourage adults.
Guidelines ensure uniform basic training for each participating country.
Guidelines establish three levels of school library programs that meet or exceed standards.
Guidelines establish values.
Guidelines exist because notability is subjective to each individual.
Guidelines exist for honors majors and for graduation with distinction.
Guidelines exist for optimal care of bereaved relatives.
Guidelines exist to protect access and the regulation of user behavior.
Guidelines express a spirit of partnership with the state commissions.
Guidelines facilitate the best use of time and effort.
Guidelines Find the answers to who, what, when, where, why, and how as necessary.
Guidelines Follow conventional standards of ethics and polite conduct.
Guidelines Generate a set of criteria to be used in establishing the quality of the decision.
Guidelines Get together with a friend or classmate.
Guidelines given prior to meeting can help parents be active participants in the conference.
Guidelines go beyond summarizing the research evidence to making recommendations for practice.
Guidelines governing the frequency of deposits are as follows.
Guidelines have report requirements.
Guidelines have requirements.
Guidelines have serious weaknesses.
Guidelines Have students read the entire activity first.
Guidelines have their limits.
Guidelines have to be tempered by common sense.
Guidelines help accurate diagnoses.
Guidelines help balance standards for quality with collection demands and available resources.
Guidelines help companies to report on their environmental performance in a constructive manner.
Guidelines help diagnoses.
Guidelines help to accomplish educational and behavioral objectives with consistency and fairness.
Guidelines help to ensure that proper and transparent procedures are followed.
Guidelines Here are some basic guidelines to accompany the above nutritional information.
Guidelines Here are some issues to think about in selecting a name.
Guidelines ideally have an impact on a number of constituencies.
Guidelines identify the proper accounting treatment based on the fund selected.
Guidelines Identify what begins the process and what ends it.
Guidelines Identify what is to be benchmarked.
Guidelines include nutrients.
Guidelines include recommendations.
Guidelines include restrictions.
Guidelines Includes on-duty employers, employees and self employed persons.
Guidelines incorporate immunizations, screening tests, and developmental data.
Guidelines incorporate methods.
Guidelines incorporate principles.
Guidelines indicate factors which contribute to the quality of the program.
Guidelines is a bullet.
Guidelines is an index to periodicals.
Guidelines is open for discussion.
Guidelines Keep it Simple.
Guidelines Keep letters short.
Guidelines leaves very little to chance.
Guidelines now require foundries to monitor consumption in order that emissions can be estimated.
Guidelines offer guidance.
Guidelines offer practical suggestions.
Guidelines offer suggestions.
Guidelines offers still another step in the development of more complete understanding of self.
Guidelines outline in articles.
Guidelines outline their functions.
Guidelines Plan each meeting in advance.
Guidelines promulgated by medical boards are preferable to regulation or statutes.
Guidelines propose that all portions of the payload be small, simple, cheap, and quick.
Guidelines provide a mechanism to open the conversation on political activity.
Guidelines provide an in-depth discussion of a particular hazard.
Guidelines provide an objective basis for the determination of the amount of support to be paid.
Guidelines provide detailed instructions.
Guidelines provide evidence.
Guidelines provide guidance in applying IS auditing standards.
Guidelines provide guidance in applying standards.
Guidelines provide information.
Guidelines provide more information.
Guidelines provide overviews.
Guidelines provide recommendation for term of minimum sentence.
Guidelines provide references.
Guidelines provide shared methodologies.
Guidelines provide specific steps to achieve accessibility.
Guidelines provide the set of directions or directives that form the basis of the policy.
Guidelines provided by the standards establish a consistent approach to policy documentation.
Guidelines Provides guidelines for choosing between the alternatives.
Guidelines recommend children visit the dentist twice a year.
Guidelines reflect case law and are developed after extensive internal and external consultation.
Guidelines regarding eligibility and applications are available via the links below.
Guidelines regarding viral diagnoses and treatments change frequently and limit quality care.
Guidelines remain in place when the display is turned off.
Guidelines Remove loose dirt and debris.
Guidelines represent the agency's position on a procedure or practice at the time of their issuance.
Guidelines represent the most suitable means of meeting general or specific standards.
Guidelines require the funds go to the school.
Guidelines Required Make automatic stacking order the default stacking order.
Guidelines requiring objectivity are natural for third-party transcription.
Guidelines review and evaluate the evidence and then make explicit recommendations for practice.
Guidelines Review our guidelines for ethnic humor.
Guidelines See specific recipe for marinade, spice rub or paste.
Guidelines seek to define role of academics in children's play.
Guidelines seek to reduce medical practice variation.
Guidelines seem to be of more ideological type.
Guidelines serve little purpose, however, unless they are actually put into practice.
Guidelines serve other needs as well.
Guidelines specify the company's expectations as to the terms of engagement.
Guidelines Start with an image at the centre of the paper.
Guidelines suggest answers.
Guidelines suggest aspects.
Guidelines tend to change with the editor.
Guidelines using an integrated approach for managing herbicide resistant weeds follow.
Guidelines vary according to the subject area of the gift journal issues, as detailed below.
Guidelines vary by industry.
Guidelines vary drastically from company to company.
Guidelines vary for different industries and applications.
Guidelines vary for families of other sizes.
Guidelines vary from publisher to publisher and sometimes from editor to editor within a house.
Guidelines vary from state to state.
Guidelines vary from well regulated to open slather.
Guidelines vary on the issue of access to crime scenes.
Guidelines vary somewhat from campus to campus, as do procedures.
Guidelines View clinical practice guides and consumer guides.
Guidelines violate the constitutional requirement of bicameral passage and presentment.
Guidelines when sending artwork include label dimensions.
Guidelines Writing about death and dying, grief, and loss, or about recovery and hope takes courage.
Guidelines Always plan as far ahead as possible.
Guidelines Always use built-in data types for dates, times, etc.
Guidelines Always use the sizeof operator to determine the size of a structure.
Guidelines frequently make a hash of member recruitment.
Guidelines often lack adequate documentation.
All guidelines also apply to switching to another method after regular use of oral contraceptives.
All guidelines apply, whatever the mode of transmission.
All guidelines are maximum values.
All guidelines are subject to change by the academic department awarding credit.
All guidelines are subject to change.
All guidelines do prohibit exploitation and harm of clients.
All guidelines given are for haloxyfop-methyl.
All guidelines given by information signs are to be followed.
All guidelines regarding use of the logo for print publication and display apply.
All guidelines undergo legal review.
Any guideline creates some administrative overhead.
Any guideline promoting a coordinated system needs flexibility for the future.
Any guidelines are opinions based on current goals, ideology, and position.
Many guidelines are available to help choose a quality fitness club fitted to individual needs.
Many guidelines call for blanching, steaming, or pretreating foods.
More guidelines addressing other conditions associated with paralysis are in the planning stage.
Most guidelines are broad and nonspecific.
Most guidelines are provided by food manufacturers.
Most guidelines are provided by manufacturers.
Most guidelines come from highly subjective opinions of multimedia developers.
Most guidelines enable developer.
Most guidelines encourage adults.
Most guidelines establish values.
Most guidelines have report requirements.
Most guidelines have requirements.
Most guidelines help accurate diagnoses.
Most guidelines help diagnoses.
Most guidelines incorporate methods.
Most guidelines incorporate principles.
Most guidelines offer practical suggestions.
Most guidelines offer suggestions.
Most guidelines provide evidence.
Most guidelines provide information.
Most guidelines provide more information.
Most guidelines provide overviews.
Most guidelines provide references.
Most guidelines suggest answers.
Most guidelines suggest aspects.
Most guidelines use the following scale to describe levels of evidence.
Some guidelines actually contradict each other.
Some guidelines apply to a specific issue such as privacy or financial security.
Some guidelines apply to announcements.
Some guidelines apply to children.
Some guidelines apply to crises.
Some guidelines apply to grow indoor plants.
Some guidelines apply to grow plants.
Some guidelines apply to indoor plants.
Some guidelines apply to infants.
Some guidelines apply to laboratories.
Some guidelines apply to plants.
Some guidelines are also available for extra or special issues and for temporary price changes.
Some guidelines are also available to use when contracting to get quality data.
Some guidelines are available in pdf format.
Some guidelines are available in Spanish.
Some guidelines are in order.
Some guidelines are in the works.
Some guidelines are nationwide, and some are applied by region or county.
Some guidelines are now available via the Internet.
Some guidelines are obvious, and have been widely written about.
Some guidelines are quite detailed and consider many factors.
Some guidelines are too vague and abstract.
Some guidelines are wrong on dog foods.
Some guidelines do already exist for administering the policy.
Some guidelines ensure healthy life.
Some guidelines ensure healthy long life.
Some guidelines ensure lawns.
Some guidelines ensure life.
Some guidelines ensure long life.
Some guidelines establish levels.
Some guidelines follow for physical restriction.
Some guidelines follow graduates to the workplace and continue to serve as resources.
Some guidelines follow.
Some guidelines govern researchers.
Some guidelines have impact.
Some guidelines have significant impact.
Some guidelines help babies.
Some guidelines relate to emissions.
Some guidelines relate to worship.
Some guidelines specify types.
Some guidelines suggest activities.
Some guidelines think carefully about the game itself.
A guidepost is a rule
Guidepost is easy to use, however.
Guideposts are rules.
Guideposts has the right to screen all applications.
Guideposts is a monthly inspirational magazine written by people from all walks of life.
Guideposts is more than just a magazine.
Guides dogs can also help with mobility.
Guides tours are available with fully qualified local guides.
Guides tours are available.
Guidewire communication is a primary interest.
Guild activists appeal.
Guild business is boring.
Guild business is followed by a demonstration or presentation by a guild member or an invited guest.
Guild business is off-topic on all mailing lists.
Guild diplomacy is welcome here as well.
Guild dues are in addition to membership dues.
All Guild events are now searchable online.
Most Guild halls have a small chapel.
Guild interaction is very encouraged.
Guild library is open to members.
Guild members agree that the extra effort was worth it.
Guild members are active community volunteers involved in a variety of projects.
Guild members assist museum staff with special events and other volunteer tasks.
Guild members assist museum staff with special events and some other volunteer tasks.
Guild members can perform many tasks, all aimed at producing a successful concert season.
Guild members come from a variety of backgrounds, both professionally and martially.
Guild members compete with their images locally, nationally and internationally.
Guild members display a variety of works.
Guild members have varied duties.
Guild members intend to acquire a substantial body of word-wide data for their registered surnames.
Guild members meet to share a mutual interest in photography.
Guild members participate in regularly scheduled meetings which commonly feature guest speakers.
Guild members prepare the church and chapel for services and assist at weddings and funerals.
Guild members research stocks to purchase.
Guild members serve two - three times per month, attending to the above responsibilities.
Guild members visit new mothers of the parish as soon as possible.
Guild members work in many different culinary careers.
Guild members work weekday afternoons and some evenings during receptions.
Guild members work with schools and help check in and out, as well as, ushering and supervising.
All Guild members are welcome.
All Guild members receive a complimentary subscription to The Bulletin.
All Guild members receive notification of upcoming events.
Any guild member is encouraged to attend the board meetings.
Every Guild member is guaranteed a voice and the opportunity to actively participate.
Every Guild member knows that an author s responsibilities extend far beyond writing.
Most Guild members work as ushers in the theatre for the performances.
Guild membership includes both professional and amateur artists.
Guild membership includes teachers, librarians, writers, museum people, and interested amateurs.
Guild membership is available at many different levels.
Guild memberships are tax-deductible.
Guild officials note that the goals of younger members can vary from older ones.
Guild principals are active authors.
Guild principals are frequent, and welcomed, authors.
Guild products are of superb quality and elegant design.
Guild projects continue to fund the maintenance and preservation of the organ.
Guild publications are free of charge and available all over campus.
Guild volunteers choose hours in which to work on projects.
Guild volunteers provide special services on a daily basis to help the clinical staff.
Guild workshops serve a dual purpose.
A guild is association
Guild encompasses North and South Carolina and people from other States are free to join.
Guilds are a valuable resource in finding new leads, too.
Guilds are another important part of the role playing capability within the game.
Guilds are important places that reside inside towns and villages.
Guilds are interactive communities designed for each crafting area.
Guilds are still prevalent in America, as well as Europe.
Guilds are the building-block group of our ecoclassification approach.
Guilds are to be self-supporting.
Guilds can ally with other guilds and so on, until what looks like a nation exists.
Guilds can declare war on one another, then fight and die all they wish without any consequences.
Guilds can post news to their own members and coordinate special activities and events.
Guilds can take control of planets and defence systems if they are rich enough.
Guilds erect war tents outside of cities they wish to attack.
Guilds fall into the business category.
Guilds gain power through Raiding and Wars, just like their members.
Guilds give different bonuses and advantages, though, and joining one is usually a good idea.
Guilds have headquarters where members can meet, train, talk, and trade equipment.
Guilds have strong benefits, but they are mixed blessings.
Guilds offer basic living stipends to all members and are supported by local taxes.
Guilds offer characters the chance to learn special skills and spells.
Guilds promote skills and fellowship, and little emphasis is placed on magic or meditation.
Guilds provide a support structure that fits such an environment.
Guilds support the Canadian World Friendship Fund and other International projects.
Guilds violate Olympian physics in several ways.
Guilds often craft elaborate tales of their heroics.
All guilds have successes to share and challenges to face.
Most guilds charge dues to cover expenses.
Most Guilds offer at least two specialization tracks.
Some Guilds allow different Classes to join, some allow only one.
Some guilds also have other features.
Some guilds also have storage chests for their members.
Some Guilds are more combat-oriented than others, and it shows up here.
Some guilds have a reputation as being unreasonable and possessive.
Some guilds meet once a month, and others meet only when organizing annual events.
Some guilds present their rankings in court, for public recognition.
All guilders are now welcome to establish sea trade routes between the two realms.
Guilder isa unit.
Guildhall professors teach first and second study instruments.
A guildhall is a hall
Guildhall houses the UK's first purpose built literature centre.
Guile interface allows for writing client-side applications.
Guile is dishonesty
Guiles is a bird climbing the corperate ladder.
A guillemot is a sea bird
Guillemots are a species of auk.
Guillemots are fed sprats three or four times a day and are constantly checked by vets.
Guillemots are very pretty black birds with white winged patches and bright red legs and feet.
Guillemots often seek the cover of overhanging soil and plants on high bluffs for nesting.
A guillotine is order
Guillotine are thrash.
Guillotines are fun for the whole family.
Guilt feelings are completly unjustified and unwarranted.
Guilt feelings are the results of sin.
Guilt feelings begin over having given in to the urge to smoke.
Guilt feelings come in two varieties, authentic guilt and false guilt.
Guilt feelings seem to be punitive in their very nature.
Guilt acts as a powerful inducement to the maintenance of social cohesion.
Guilt acts wordlessly in Aeschylus.
Guilt allows for confession and cleansing.
Guilt arises because they know a fetus represents an independent life.
Guilt believing w e are responsible for our loss.
Guilt builds barriers in relationships.
Guilt builds up.
Guilt can also be a reason for a spirit being stuck here.
Guilt can also consume a child if they feel disloyal to one biological parent.
Guilt can also erode self-esteem.
Guilt can also refer to the remorse associated with having committed sin.
Guilt can be a heavy burden to bear.
Guilt can be a motivator to seek justice but it can also be an impediment to a just solution.
Guilt can be a pervasive feeling and there are times when a word of forgiveness is needed.
Guilt can be a very healthy stimulus to change our behavior for the better.
Guilt can be appropriate.
Guilt can be irrational, and can be used to manipulate others.
Guilt can be just as difficult to cope with as anger.
Guilt can be just as harmful as whips and chains, perhaps even more so.
Guilt can be most destructive of our wellbeing, causing mental and physical illness.
Guilt can be very debilitating.
Guilt can become a road block.
Guilt can bring on severe depression.
Guilt can cause all sorts of physical disorders, while a merry heart does good like a medicine.
Guilt can contribute to shame and a sense of isolation.
Guilt can creep into many open adoptions and stay longer than necessary.
Guilt can detour healthy priorities.
Guilt can extend to our failure to see the future or to prevent the death.
Guilt can impede critical analysis and defensiveness can block learning altogether.
Guilt can lead to a contrite heart seeking forgiveness.
Guilt can lead to denial.
Guilt can lead to frigidity and impotence.
Guilt can make recovery from anxiety disorders difficult.
Guilt can only lead to condescension.
Guilt can originate from at least two sources.
Guilt can play strange tricks on the mind.
Guilt can really happen.
Guilt can really mess up ones emotional and business life if a person allows it to do so.
Guilt can refer to accountability and answerability in judgment for sin.
Guilt can take more than one form.
Guilt can turn into regret, through forgiveness.
Guilt causes a desire to lies.
Guilt comes from losing the struggle for survival.
Guilt comes in two varieties.
Guilt comes in with the voluntary rebellion of the individual free spirit.
Guilt comes upon the conscience, and a dark cloud covers the soul.
Guilt contributes to the fiasco.
Guilt develops at a later stage.
Guilt dies, death retreats.
Guilt does strange things to a man.
Guilt expires, even as air congeals away from the mouths of the jets.
Guilt extends to every part of man's existence.
Guilt feeds on conflict.
Guilt follows every failure in our lives, whether major or minor.
Guilt gets in the way of reason.
Guilt goes hand in hand with being a dad.
Guilt grabs the opportunity to take control of the situation.
Guilt has few benefits.
Guilt has little to do with it anymore.
Guilt heaps up.
Guilt helps keep people on the right moral track.
Guilt henceforth has pass'd All bounds.
Guilt inhibits the joy that is intended for survivors of sin and death.
Guilt is a bad feeling for the individual, but vitally important for society.
Guilt is a bad thing, a big weight on the soul.
Guilt is a big factor when deciding what to price.
Guilt is a by-product of someone's suicide.
Guilt is a common reaction when a loved one has been sexually assaulted.
Guilt is a common response after the death of a loved one.
Guilt is a common response in grief.
Guilt is a common response, even if the physician rendered faultless care.
Guilt is a condition
Guilt is a dark angel.
Guilt is a dead-end street.
Guilt Is a feeling of regret one has about behavior that has violated a personal value.
Guilt is a feeling that arises when breaking contracts, with cancellations.
Guilt is a feeling that is taught according to precepts embodied by different cultures.
Guilt is a funny thing, the dark side of the science of giftology.
Guilt is a gloomy bedfellow.
Guilt is a good reality check.
Guilt is a good strategy for the weaker person in the relationship.
Guilt is a great motivator.
Guilt is a great robber of our physical and mental health.
Guilt is a horrible thing.
Guilt is a judicial reality.
Guilt is a luxury.
Guilt is a major factor in imposing control of the child.
Guilt is a malicious worm.
Guilt is a matter for judges and juries to decide.
Guilt is a mother's sermon overpowering the morning news.
Guilt is a motivator.
Guilt is a moving target at best.
Guilt is a neurotic behavior that our society has come to accept as normal.
Guilt is a normal and healthy moral response, a sign that one's conscience is working.
Guilt is a power-equalizing strategy.
Guilt is a powerful instrument of social control.
Guilt is a powerful motivator.
Guilt is a powerful tool, especially when coupled with ignorance.
Guilt is a prime mover in the perverted relationships of such mothers and their children.
Guilt is a psychological problem that is very real.
Guilt is a reactive motivation because it propels the person away from itself.
Guilt is a real concern.
Guilt is a real, objective matter.
Guilt is a reflection of the conscience.
Guilt is a response of the conscience to specific sinful actions.
Guilt is a show-stopper.
Guilt is a special form of regret - a strong sense of having done something morally wrong.
Guilt is a strong motivator.
Guilt is a terrible thing.
Guilt is a terribly crippling thing, and is often at the root of religious and politicial doctrines.
Guilt is a trainer with both sugar cubes and a cattle prod.
Guilt is a universal emotion.
Guilt is a universal experience.
Guilt is a useless emotion.
Guilt is a variant of that affect.
Guilt is a version of lust of the flesh.
Guilt is a very common feeling among the children of divorcing parents.
Guilt is a wasted emotion.
Guilt is a word with a strong religious charge.
Guilt is actually anger turned inward.
Guilt is added to anger and pain.
Guilt is affixed and jail time can be imposed without either personal involvement or knowledge.
Guilt is allayed by symbolically and ritually passing it onto another.
Guilt is almost always a self serving emotion.
Guilt is also a common emotion following an abortion.
Guilt is also a normal reaction.
Guilt is also an issue.
Guilt is also necessary.
Guilt is also something that others force upon one.
Guilt is always individual, regardless of the number of the perpetrators.
Guilt is always personal.
Guilt is among the most destructive and devastating of human emotions.
Guilt is an accurate, legal status.
Guilt is an arrow that strikes at the very heart and soul of self-esteem.
Guilt is an awful thing to live with.
Guilt is an effective motivator.
Guilt is an emotion that rises after a transgression of one's own or cultural values.
Guilt is an erection killer .
Guilt is an important sensation which can function or malfunction.
Guilt is an inescapable consequence of personal responsibility.
Guilt is an inherent product of an immature religiosity.
Guilt is an interesting reality.
Guilt is an outgrowth of the negative.
Guilt is another biggie, so explore ways to make the target feel better about themselves.
Guilt is another common emotion that happens in the grieving Person.
Guilt is another feeling that employed parents experience.
Guilt is another long-term effect of sexual abuse.
Guilt is another natural part of grieving.
Guilt is another source of pain.
Guilt is appropriate when one has wronged another, when one has something to feel guilty about.
Guilt is arthritis of the soul.
Guilt is assuaged by spending a half hour of quality time with junior each week.
Guilt is assumed.
Guilt is bad.
Guilt is beneficial to a client when it a. helps the client adhere to moral standards.
Guilt is both an emotion and a state of being.
Guilt is closer.
Guilt is conditions.
Guilt is considered to be the great motivating force behind socially acceptable behavior.
Guilt is counterproductive.
Guilt is covered by use of one's intellect.
Guilt is definitely a connection to the past.
Guilt is determined by a panel vote.
Guilt is determined by the responsibility of the person accused.
Guilt is easy - both to imply and to admit to.
Guilt is effective.
Guilt is empathy.
Guilt is enough.
Guilt is expensive, very expensive, and costs both personally and in the workplace.
Guilt is felt by all parents when their child dies.
Guilt is for cowards.
Guilt is for suckers.
Guilt is gone, but so is the enduring and pleasurable afterglow.
Guilt is gone.
Guilt is good .
Guilt is good if it becomes the opportunity for sober self-reflection and genuine change.
Guilt is good when it motivates change.
Guilt is good.
Guilt is guilt.
Guilt is hard to live with.
Guilt is inflicted when compassion is needed.
Guilt is innocence and innocence is guilt.
Guilt is irrelevant.
Guilt is just a bag of fuckin' bricks.
Guilt is just another way to control the universe with the advantage of operating in retrospect.
Guilt is just too messy.
Guilt is like a bag of fucking bricks.
Guilt is like a dead fish lying on a white tablecloth in a hot, humid dining room.
Guilt is like the red warning light on the dashboard of the car.
Guilt is located in churchs.
Guilt is magical.
Guilt is merely manipulation used by selfish, self-serving people to get their own way.
Guilt is more evident.
Guilt is no basis for a relationship.
Guilt is of the devil.
Guilt is often a learned response.
Guilt is one important cause of child battering and infanticide.
Guilt is one of the greatest wastes of emotional energy.
Guilt is one of the more blatant sub -personalities of ego.
Guilt is one trait that sometimes is difficult to unravel.
Guilt is only secondary to fear as a motivating factor for group members.
Guilt is our enemy.
Guilt is our friend.
Guilt is our temporary illusion.
Guilt is our ticket.
Guilt is out.
Guilt is painful and hard to deal with.
Guilt is part and parcel of typical victim behavior.
Guilt is part of crime.
Guilt is piled on top of pain.
Guilt is pointless and destructive.
Guilt is powerful, immobilizing and self-effacing.
Guilt is private.
Guilt is probably the most common emotion resulting from the death of a companion animal.
Guilt is removed by forgiveness.
Guilt is removed.
Guilt is replaced by anticipation and then back again.
Guilt is self judgment.
Guilt is simply a natural part of the grieving process.
Guilt is so very powerful.
Guilt is solved by forgiveness.
Guilt is something terrible and destructive, and consists of many parts.
Guilt is sometimes a symptom of depression.
Guilt is th e nerve-ending of the heart.
Guilt is the bag of fucking bricks.
Guilt is the binding a person over to punishment.
Guilt is the corrosion of the soul.
Guilt is the ego's orgasm.
Guilt is the emotional equivalent of physical pain.
Guilt is the enemy of freedom.
Guilt is the energy for personal change.
Guilt is the fuel of teshuvah .
Guilt is the gift that keeps on giving.
Guilt is the inability to forgive oneself for a perceived wrongdoing.
Guilt is the mafia of the mind.
Guilt is the most common feeling among survivors and is passed to children each generation.
Guilt is the most devastating.
Guilt is the most useless emotion.
Guilt is the next best thing to being there.
Guilt is the operative word.
Guilt is the price for having a conscience.
Guilt is the primary way that the superego tells children the rules of what is right and wrong .
Guilt is the recognition of acting without integrity.
Guilt is the result of sin.
Guilt is the result.
Guilt is the same thing on a relational level.
Guilt is the state of deserving condemnation for the violation of a moral requirement.
Guilt is the teacher, love is the lesson.
Guilt is then with the railroad corporation.
Guilt is there but lessening.
Guilt is tied into some kind of interpersonal context.
Guilt is to blame for our expanding waistlines.
Guilt is tricky.
Guilt is unproductive, indeed harmful, but shame is another matter.
Guilt is useless.
Guilt is usually more overwhelming.
Guilt is worthless, absolutely worthless .
Guilt knows no borders.
Guilt leads to fear.
Guilt leads to self-denial, even asceticism.
Guilt leads to vice.
Guilt lies too deep in existence and society for it to be done away with all at once.
Guilt overwhelms a dog.
Guilt seems better than impotence, and any causality seems better than none.
Guilt seems to be correctable or forgivable.
Guilt seems to benefit relationships.
Guilt serves no purpose.
Guilt stains our thoughts like sweat under the arms.
Guilt tends to be a two-person kind of thing.
Guilt tends to take over the person's sense of self in a fundamental way.
Guilt thus appears in two relations-civil and personal.
Guilt wears many hoods.
Guilt weighs heavy on the soul.
Guilt always results in blaming others for what has gone wrong.
Guilt often accompanies bargaining.
Guilt often complicates our grief .
Guilt often creates life-threatening pathologies as our bodies attract ill health.
Guilt often follows the anger.
Guilt often highlights an inner conflict between personal experience and one's social persona.
Guilt often is a form of self-disappointment.
Guilt often lengthens the grieving process.
Guilt often makes criminals confess.
Guilt sometimes becomes too powerful in our lives.
All guilt is bad.
All guilt is punished on earth.
Some guilt can be helpful and productive.
Some guilt is caused by conditioning.
Some guilt is genuine.
Some guilt is inevitable an occupational hazard says one child care professional.
Some guilt is real.
Guilty feelings re autoeroticism esp.
Guilty feet have no rhythm.
Guilty fun is had by all.
Guilty men are quick to assume the guilt of others.
Guilty men tend to see the worst in other people and to exaggerate the worst parts of other persons.
Guilty people fear punishment.
Guilty people have the freedom to do like that.
Guilty people repeat crimes that injure and even kill other innocent people.
Many guilty persons deal with problems by preferring very extreme reactions.
Guilty pleas are in some instances completed at the arraignment.
Most guilty pleas are the result of plea-bargaining.
Guilty pleasure is what writing is all about.
Guilty pleasures are always a bonding point on a first date.
All guilty pleasures are, by definition, embarrassing.
Most guilty pleasures are pretty innocuous.
Guilty prisoners are usually addictive types of persons.
Most guilty prisoners express their dread of light by favoring the nighttime.
Most guilty suspects are able to relate a consistent account because they keep their stories simple.
Guinea baboons eat fruit.
Guinea baboons have patterns.
Guinea baboons have unique patterns.
Guinea baboons run along the ground in a quadrupedal pattern.
Most guinea baboons eat fruit.
Most guinea baboons have patterns.
Most guinea baboons have unique patterns.
Some guinea baboons dig holes.
Some guinea baboons follow fire.
Guinea fowl adapts to climates.
Guinea fowl are capable of flight, but they forage and nest on the ground.
Guinea fowl are of African origin.
Guinea fowl are shy, excitable birds, and poor flyers.
Guinea fowl are very unique because of their appearance.
Guinea fowl can be sort of an exotic addition to a homestead.
Guinea fowl can mate with other species of fowl and produce hybrid offspring.
Guinea fowl can walk, run, and fly.
Guinea fowl feeds on worms.
Guinea fowl has feather heads.
Guinea fowl has feathers.
Guinea fowl has heads.
Guinea fowl has similar taste.
Guinea fowl has taste.
Guinea fowl has wings.
Guinea fowl have to be one of the best bug eaters in the whole entire world.
Guinea fowl is a poultry
Guinea fowl make up a group of plump wild and domesticated birds.
Guinea fowl produces hybrid offspring.
Guinea fowl produces offspring.
Most guinea fowl feeds on worms.
Most guinea fowl has feather heads.
Most guinea fowl has feathers.
Most guinea fowl has heads.
Most guinea fowl has similar taste.
Most guinea fowl has wings.
Most guinea fowl produces hybrid offspring.
Most guinea fowl produces offspring.
Some guinea fowl eats snails.
Some guinea fowl has predators.
Some guinea fowl has quality.
Guinea grass is the most popular fodder crop grown in the interspaces of coconut.
Guinea pepper See melegueta pepper .
Guinea pig owners report heart problems.
Guinea pig owners report problems.
A guinea pig is a person
Guinea pig is a local delicacy, but the town caters equally well for vegetarians.
Guinea pig is also slang for a person who is the first to try something .
Guinea pig is also slang for a person who is the first to try something.
Guinea pig shows .
Guinea pig sounds can range from chirpings, rumblings, purring to squealing.
Guinea pigs appreciate small fruit treats, such as blueberries or apples, a few times a week.
Guinea pigs are a mix of colors.
Guinea pigs are a social, herd animal, so please plan on adopting a non-breeding pair.
Guinea pigs are active mostly at night when they feed on plants.
Guinea pigs are also cute and quiet.
Guinea pigs are also highly trainable animals.
Guinea pigs are also social and are happier when another guinea pig is around.
Guinea pigs are also susceptible to both abdominal, intestinal, and chest tumors.
Guinea pigs are an anesthesic challenge.
Guinea pigs are cavies.
Guinea pigs are cavies.
Guinea pigs are cute, lovable, social animals native to South Africa.
Guinea pigs are easy to care for and, if handled frequently and gently, make great family pets.
Guinea pigs are endemic to the Andes mountain range of South America.
Guinea pigs are extremely inquisitive, and they love to investigate new toys and games.
Guinea pigs are famous for playing with , spitting in and draining their water bottles.
Guinea pigs are furry South American rodents very popular as pets.
Guinea pigs are gentle by nature, clean and easy to care for.
Guinea pigs are good pets for younger children who want to handle the pet a lot.
Guinea pigs are good pets.
Guinea pigs are gregarious and prefer close contact with other conspecifics.
Guinea pigs are herbivores, grazing animals.
Guinea pigs are herbivores.
Guinea pigs are kept as family pets and bred for showing.
Guinea pigs are known to be more sensitive to spider venom than people are.
Guinea pigs are known to waste food when they play with it.
Guinea pigs are located in laboratories.
Guinea pigs are located in schools.
Guinea pigs are low maintenance, low cost pets.
Guinea pigs are mammals.
Guinea pigs are mammals.
Guinea pigs are messy housekeepers.
Guinea pigs are most active at dawn and dusk, but they are active throughout the day.
Guinea pigs are native to the Andes.
Guinea pigs are natural herbivores and graze on grass and seeds most of the day .
Guinea pigs are originally from Peru, South America.
Guinea pigs are pregnant less than three months.
Guinea pigs are prone to abscesses under their chins, too, where their lymph nodes are.
Guinea pigs are prone to stress-related problems if their environment is too frenetic.
Guinea pigs are prone to vitamin deficiencies, mange mites and allergic dermatitis.
Guinea pigs are quadrupedal.
Guinea pigs are really prone to illness, dieases, etc.
Guinea pigs are relatively weak and can die in a very short period.
Guinea pigs are remarkably fast breeding.
Guinea pigs are rodents just like mice and hamsters, so they have only four long teeth.
Guinea pigs are rodents.
Guinea pigs are small animals that can get sick very quickly if left untreated.
Guinea pigs are small animals.
Guinea pigs are small rodents.
Guinea pigs are small, gentle, social creatures and can be great pets.
Guinea pigs are sociable animals and tend to live in groups.
Guinea pigs are social animals and do better in pairs.
Guinea pigs are social animals, so it is best if they live in pairs.
Guinea pigs are somewhat larger and tend to enjoy handling their owners.
Guinea pigs are strict herbivores and cecal fermenters, as are rabbits and horses.
Guinea pigs are strict herbivores, social and most active at twilight or before sunrise.
Guinea pigs are strict herbivores.
Guinea pigs are the preferred species used in the skin sensitization test.
Guinea pigs are timid creatures and like something to hide in.
Guinea pigs are useful models in studies of allergy and specific parasitic diseases.
Guinea pigs are very clever, very wise, and very powerful.
Guinea pigs are very docile and easy to keep pets.
Guinea pigs are very peaceful.
Guinea pigs are very sensitive to certain antibiotics.
Guinea pigs are very sensitive to the effects of many antibiotics.
Guinea pigs are very social animals.
Guinea pigs are very susceptible to colds, which can be deadly.
Guinea pigs are wonderful companions and very loving.
Guinea pigs can also accidentally injure their young when giving birth.
Guinea pigs can also be quite vocal, making a variety of noises.
Guinea pigs can also undergo health-related issues with the aging including arthritis.
Guinea pigs can be a great stress reliever.
Guinea pigs can be fun to watch.
Guinea pigs can catch respiratory infections from rabbits, cats, dogs, and other species.
Guinea pigs can choke.
Guinea pigs can get hot very quickly.
Guinea pigs can get various tumors but skin tumors and mammary tumors are the most common.
Guinea pigs can have an upset tummy and diarrhoea, if they eat fresh food that is too cold.
Guinea pigs can have either short or long hair.
Guinea pigs can literally die of dehydration before they learn how to use a new water source.
Guinea pigs can live in hutches just like rabbits.
Guinea pigs CAN live outside.
Guinea pigs can recognize all the colors of the spectrum.
Guinea pigs can suffer from a number of health conditions.
Guinea pigs can suffer very acutely from itchy skin.
Guinea pigs can very easily get their feet caught in the wire mesh, and break their limbs.
Guinea pigs come in a variety of colors and can have from one color to five or more.
Guinea pigs come in many colors and patterns.
Guinea Pigs communicate vocally indicating their likes and dislikes.
Guinea pigs communicate with both sound and body language.
Guinea pigs die at half the dose necessary to kill rats or rabbits, for instance.
Guinea pigs drool whenever there is a problem with chewing or swallowing.
Guinea pigs eat hay, corn, oats, barley, wheat, green vegetables, and rabbit pellets.
Guinea pigs eat plants, grasses, and fruits.
Guinea pigs eat their own droppings for beneficial vitamins.
Guinea pigs establish strong dietary preferences early in life.
Guinea pigs exhibit a different type of implantation, with similarities to the human.
Guinea pigs exist in grassland habitats.
Guinea pigs exist in habitats.
Guinea pigs get mouths.
Guinea pigs get sore mouths.
Guinea pigs give birth to, on average, two to three young per litter.
Guinea pigs graze on grass.
Guinea pigs graze the turf roof at the front of the building.
Guinea pigs grow throughout life.
Guinea pigs have a poor sense of sight, but well-developed senses of hearing and smell.
Guinea pigs have a sensitive digestive system which is easily upset.
Guinea pigs have a very sensitive digestive system.
Guinea pigs have coats.
Guinea pigs have color vision.
Guinea pigs have depth perceptions.
Guinea pigs have either white or black coats.
Guinea pigs have fast heartbeats.
Guinea pigs have food.
Guinea pigs have good eye sight.
Guinea pigs have growth.
Guinea pigs have hair coats.
Guinea pigs have heartbeats.
Guinea pigs have infection.
Guinea pigs have keen hearing, sense of smell, and eyesight.
Guinea pigs have lifespans.
Guinea pigs have long lifespans.
Guinea pigs have many adaptations.
Guinea pigs have membranes.
Guinea pigs have methods.
Guinea pigs have no vocal chords.
Guinea pigs have perceptions.
Guinea pigs have poor depth perceptions.
Guinea pigs have poor perceptions.
Guinea pigs have poor sight, but well-developed senses of hearing, smell , and touch.
Guinea pigs have quite an extensive array of sounds and actions to display their emotions.
Guinea pigs have relatively long gestation periods and the young are well developed at birth.
Guinea pigs have respiratory infection.
Guinea pigs have rough coats.
Guinea pigs have rough hair coats.
Guinea pigs have several unique biological characteristics.
Guinea pigs have sound.
Guinea pigs have teeth.
Guinea pigs have tendencies.
Guinea pigs have tiny ears and no tails.
Guinea pigs have to be vaccinated and afterwards challenged with fully virulent cultures.
Guinea pigs have upper respiratory infection.
Guinea pigs have vaginal membranes.
Guinea pigs have vision.
Guinea pigs hear sound.
Guinea pigs inhabit a variety of terrains ranging from mountains to grasslands.
Guinea pigs lead life.
Guinea pigs like to be held in hand .
Guinea pigs like to be held in hand.
Guinea pigs like to hide in cardboard boxes or tubes.
Guinea pigs live for years.
Guinea pigs live to eat, so any offering is a treat.
Guinea pigs live wild in areas of South America.
Guinea pigs look like larger version of hampsters and gerbils.
Guinea pigs love fresh grass and warm sun.
Guinea pigs love their Guinea pig Igloos so much so that they oftentimes move things inside.
Guinea pigs love to be pet and talked to.
Guinea pigs make great pets.
Guinea pigs make wonderful pets for adults.
Guinea pigs must have diets.
Guinea pigs need attention.
Guinea pigs need diets.
Guinea pigs need immediate attention.
Guinea pigs occupy open grasslands, forest margins, swamps, and rocky areas.
Guinea pigs panic easy in response to a new or frightening experience.
Guinea pigs reach maturity.
Guinea pigs reach sexual maturity.
Guinea pigs require amounts.
Guinea pigs require companionship.
Guinea pigs require grass hay.
Guinea pigs require grass hay.
Guinea pigs require grooming once or twice a week.
Guinea pigs require hay.
Guinea pigs require Vitamin C in their diet.
Guinea pigs require vitamin C in their diets daily.
Guinea pigs respond to sound.
Guinea pigs seek contact.
Guinea pigs seem to do well in housing that provides at least two feet square of living space.
Guinea pigs should have food.
Guinea pigs sleep a lot.
Guinea pigs spend most of their time grooming themselves.
Guinea pigs suffer from conditions.
Guinea pigs suffer from health conditions.
Guinea pigs suffering fungal skin infestation have different symptoms altogether.
Guinea pigs tend to contaminate and clog their water bottles.
Guinea pigs tend to urinate in one corner of their cage.
Guinea pigs thrive in a dry, cool environment with adequate ventilation.
Guinea pigs tolerate cold better than hot temperatures.
Guinea pigs use flight to avoid predators, Guinea pigs are small and live down in the grasses.
Guinea pigs use scent.
Many guinea pigs love to nuzzle against the neck.
Most guinea pigs exist in grassland habitats.
Most guinea pigs exist in habitats.
Most guinea pigs get mouths.
Most guinea pigs get sore mouths.
Most guinea pigs graze on grass.
Most guinea pigs grow throughout life.
Most guinea pigs hate to be picked up, but love to be petted.
Most guinea pigs hate to have their nails trimmed.
Most guinea pigs have coats.
Most guinea pigs have color vision.
Most guinea pigs have fast heartbeats.
Most guinea pigs have food.
Most guinea pigs have growth.
Most guinea pigs have hair coats.
Most guinea pigs have infection.
Most guinea pigs have lifespans.
Most guinea pigs have long lifespans.
Most guinea pigs have membranes.
Most guinea pigs have methods.
Most guinea pigs have perceptions.
Most guinea pigs have poor depth perceptions.
Most guinea pigs have poor perceptions.
Most guinea pigs have respiratory infection.
Most guinea pigs have rough coats.
Most guinea pigs have rough hair coats.
Most guinea pigs have sound.
Most guinea pigs have teeth.
Most guinea pigs have tendencies.
Most guinea pigs have upper respiratory infection.
Most guinea pigs have vaginal membranes.
Most guinea pigs have vision.
Most guinea pigs hear sound.
Most guinea pigs lead life.
Most guinea pigs live for years.
Most guinea pigs reach maturity.
Most guinea pigs reach sexual maturity.
Most guinea pigs require amounts.
Most guinea pigs require companionship.
Most guinea pigs require grass hay.
Most guinea pigs require hay.
Most guinea pigs respond to sound.
Most guinea pigs seek contact.
Most guinea pigs suffer from conditions.
Most guinea pigs suffer from health conditions.
Some guinea pigs are even allergic to certain hays, including timothy.
Some guinea pigs become household pets.
Some guinea pigs become pets.
Some guinea pigs benefit from use.
Some guinea pigs develop calcium deficiencies.
Some guinea pigs develop deficiencies.
Some guinea pigs develop medical problems.
Some guinea pigs develop problems.
Some guinea pigs develop serious medical problems.
Some guinea pigs develop serious problems.
Some guinea pigs develop skin tumors.
Some guinea pigs develop tumors.
Some guinea pigs develop vitamin c deficiencies.
Some guinea pigs gain weight.
Some guinea pigs get fresh green vegetables.
Some guinea pigs get fresh vegetables.
Some guinea pigs get green vegetables.
Some guinea pigs get tumors.
Some guinea pigs get various tumors.
Some guinea pigs get vegetables.
Some guinea pigs harbor bacteria.
Some guinea pigs have cages.
Some guinea pigs have cecums.
Some guinea pigs have comfort zones.
Some guinea pigs have defense mechanisms.
Some guinea pigs have dietary requirements.
Some guinea pigs have fur.
Some guinea pigs have gaps.
Some guinea pigs have gastrointestinal tracts.
Some guinea pigs have incisors.
Some guinea pigs have large cecums.
Some guinea pigs have mechanisms.
Some guinea pigs have pens.
Some guinea pigs have primary defense mechanisms.
Some guinea pigs have primary mechanisms.
Some guinea pigs have problems.
Some guinea pigs have requirements.
Some guinea pigs have skin problems.
Some guinea pigs have tracts.
Some guinea pigs have viruses.
Some guinea pigs have zones.
Some guinea pigs lose weight.
Some guinea pigs require knowledge.
Some guinea pigs suffer from inflammation.
Some guinea pigs suffer from problems.
Some guinea pigs suffer from respiratory problems.
Guinea worm causes dreadful suffering and disability among the world's most deprived people.
Guinea worm is a disease of people who have no running water.
Guinea worms are nematodes.
Guinea worms are parasitical and enter the body through contaminated water.
Guinea worms begin life.
Most guinea worms begin life.
A guinea is coin
Guinea also depends on substantial foreign aid, principally from France.
Guinea also exports such agricultural goods as bananas, coffee, palm products, and pineapples.
Guinea also has diamonds, gold, and other metals.
Guinea also intends to pursue a tight monetary policy to keep inflation low.
Guinea also lacks the capital funds required for IT development.
Guinea are a very useful fowl in the right environment and can be a joy to watch.
Guinea click here .
Guinea declares itself independent from France.
Guinea faces legitimate security concerns.
Guinea fails too.
Guinea has a huge amount of unexploited resources of Bauxite.
Guinea has a long history of political violence.
Guinea has a tropical climate.
Guinea has considerable potential for growth in agricultural and fishing sectors.
Guinea has considerable potential for growth in the agricultural and fishing sectors.
Guinea has huge deposits of unexplored mineral wealth.
Guinea has large deposits of bauxite, a mineral from which aluminum is made.
Guinea has large reserves of the steel-making raw material, iron ore.
Guinea has no foreign trade zones or free ports.
Guinea has no public transportation.
Guinea has no territories or colonies.
Guinea has the second largest refugee population in Africa.
Guinea hens like a nice tick.
Guinea hens, as well as veal made an appearance.
Guinea hosts one of the largest refugee populations in Africa.
Guinea is a constitutional republic in which effective power is concentrated in a strong presidency.
Guinea is a country set mostly on a tropical forest land.
Guinea is a developing West African country with minimal facilities for tourism.
Guinea is a land of coastal swamps, crusty plateaus, grassy plains, and forested hills.
Guinea is a least developed country.
Guinea is a nation of stark realities.
Guinea is a predominantly Muslim country.
Guinea is a quiet, peaceful country and the people are quite friendly.
Guinea is a remarkable country with very warm, genuine people but little infrastructure.
Guinea is a republic .
Guinea is a traditional name for the region of Africa that lies along the Gulf of Guinea .
Guinea is a very poor nation and food is often scarce.
Guinea is already in flames ignited in Monrovia.
Guinea is also due to hold parliamentary elections before the end of the year.
Guinea is composed of many diverse ethnic groups.
Guinea is divided into eight administrative regions and subdivided into thirty-three prefectures .
Guinea is divided into four regions, each headed by a resident minister appointed by the president.
Guinea is due to hold parliamentary elections before the end of the year.
Guinea is in that window and so are our missionaries.
Guinea is located in southwestern West Africa.
Guinea is one of the least evangelized countries in Black Africa.
Guinea is one of the poorest countries in all of Africa.
Guinea is one of the richest African countries in natural resources.
Guinea is one of the wettest countries in West Africa.
Guinea is one of the world's poorest countries.
Guinea is one the few African countries with the proper regulations and policies.
Guinea is only the half of it.
Guinea is rich in mineral resources with main exports of alumina, bauxite, gold, and diamonds.
Guinea is roughly the size of the United Kingdom.
Guinea is surrounded by countries which have suffered internal rebellions and military take-overs.
Guinea is the bordering country to the north.
Guinea is the least-evangelised African country south of the Sahara.
Guinea is the second largest refugee hosting country in Africa after Tanzania.
Guinea isa coin.
Guinea lies on the western coast of Africa.
Guinea needs an adequate policy to address the concerns of urban youth.
Guinea pigs almost never bite unless mishandled, irritated or taste something on the handler.
Guinea pigs far and near.
Guinea pigs no longer exist in the wild.
Guinea pigs no longer exist in their wild, native, grassland habitat.
Guinea pigs so they can keep each other company.
Guinea pigs that are under stress require a higher daily amount of vitamin C per day.
Guinea remains a case of arrested development and failed hopes.
Guinea remains the host of the largest number of refugees in Africa.
Guinea votes for independence from France.
Guinea wants a slow relocation so it can hunt for the rebels it fears are hiding among the refugees.
Guineas are a very loud bird and make good watch dogs.
Guineas are about as distantly related to chickens as turkeys are.
Guineas are amazing and amazingly stupid too.
Guineas are coin.
Guineas are countries.
Guineas are on the west coast while chacmas are found only in southern Africa.
Guineas are quick to sound their alarm, being very vocal.
Guineas are roamers but once they make a home they stay.
Guineas are very easy to raise artificially.
Guineas are very hardy.
Guineas are very interesting and unique creatures.
Guineas begin to fly at a very early age and can be confined only in covered pens.
Guineas can kill a snake and eat it in about a half hour.
Guineas do chatter, squeal and grunt - quite a difference from quieter rabbits and rodents.
Guineas have (part) sections.
Guineas love to look at their reflection .
Guineas require a dry environment with plenty of room.
Guinean authorities allow refugees to engage in limited amounts of farming.
Guinean law restricts freedom of assembly.
Guinean soldiers can commit abuses with complete impunity because the government takes no action.
Guinean has (part) arms.
Guinean has (part) body substances.
Guinean has (part) cell membranes.
Guinean has (part) cells.
Guinean has (part) corpi.
Guinean has (part) cytoplasm.
Guinean has (part) heads.
Guinean has (part) human bodies.
Guinean has (part) legs.
Guinean has (part) material bodies.
Guinean has (part) necks.
Guinean has (part) nuclei.
Guinean has (part) personality.
Guinean has (part) plasma membranes.
Guinean has (part) sections.
Guinean has (part) vacuoles.
Guinean isa individual.
Guinean isa person.
Guinean isa somebody.
Guinean isa someone.
A guise is color
Guises are what enemies wear.
Most guitar amps have series effect loops.
All guitar instruction is on video.
Most guitar instruction is a kinesthetic experience.
Some guitar music is written in both musical note format and tablature.
Guitar notation is in either fingering charts or chord names.
A guitar player is a musician
Guitar players are magazines.
Many guitar players do .
Most guitar players carry several picks in their wallet.
Most guitar players judge necks based on how they feel.
Most guitar players think linearly, one note at a time.
Some guitar players use a slide to emulate the sound of a person cryin'.
Some guitar players use their fourth finger instead.
Guitar proficiency is required.
Guitar strings play better and last longer.
Some guitar string has types.
Guitar tab is used in place of music notation.
Some guitar tabs are available here from time to time.
A guitar is a stringed instrument
Guitar brings vocals on.
Guitar can capo up to allow the singer to sing in a higher key.
Guitar can capo up to allow the singer to singer in a higher key.
Guitar has Fishman pickup without any major modifications to the body.
Guitar isa device.
Guitars are also more popular.
Guitars are also very cool.
Guitars are another strong suit.
Guitars are available for purchase or rental.
Guitars are capable of work of art.
Guitars are child-friendly, too.
Guitars are chordophones.
Guitars are common items on racks.
Guitars are crisp and clean.
Guitars are expensive here.
Guitars are fairly consistent on their spacing.
Guitars are instruments.
Guitars are located in bands.
Guitars are located in cases.
Guitars are located in concerts.
Guitars are located in rock bands.
Guitars are located in stores.
Guitars are located in toy stores.
Guitars are lutes.
Guitars are made and sold in many parts of the world by many companies.
Guitars are made of string.
Guitars are made of wood.
Guitars are most numerous, but accordions, basses, and fiddles are often seen.
Guitars are nice and expressive, drums are nice too.
Guitars are out, drum machines and synthesizers are in.
Guitars are practically non-existent.
Guitars are probably the worst sounds on thie board.
Guitars are quality checked and setup in the USA, they come ready to play right out of the box.
Guitars are right on the heels of whatever fashion trend is happening at the time.
Guitars are safer in a hard shell case, but remember to guard against heat damage.
Guitars are string instruments.
Guitars are stringed instruments.
Guitars are the weapon.
Guitars are used as rhythm instruments , lead instruments , and sometimes both .
Guitars are used as rhythm instruments, lead instruments, and sometimes both.
Guitars are used for music.
Guitars are used for sound.
Guitars are used for teachs.
Guitars are used for tuning.
Guitars are very good, as are basses.
Guitars are very individual.
Guitars can have so many frequencies, lows and highs that can really fill out a speaker.
Guitars can vary both in the number of strings they have.
Guitars cause a desire to play.
Guitars cause vibration.
Guitars clink like windchimes over subtly rumbling bass.
Guitars come with a shiny clear coat finish.
Guitars constructed of wood are like sponges - ie.
Guitars fade in and out like voices in a dream, and synthesizers swell, moan and chirp.
Guitars gently stroll by.
Guitars go before being photographed and listed here.
Guitars have (part) bases.
Guitars have (part) sections.
Guitars have (part) sound holes.
Guitars have string.
Guitars hiss like hig pressure hoses.
Guitars make an appearance, but it's still very much a synth track.
Guitars make it industrial metal.
Guitars make music.
Guitars perfectly tailored for men are often a bad fit for women.
Guitars permeate the album but never dominate.
Guitars provide a nice musical response for little effort.
Guitars reverberate through a delirious and saturated haze.
Guitars roar, lyrics burn.
Guitars rule the world again.
Guitars slink in and out of the soundscapes, while canned percussion percolates menacingly.
Guitars sound and play differently from person to person.
Guitars sound better with age.
Guitars sound different in different rooms, and certain rooms have a certain life.
Guitars spread and became a common musical instrument all over Europe.
Guitars tend to dominate rock music, and guitars are tuned to favor the keys containing sharps.
Guitars typically have six strings.
Guitars whistle like tea is ready.
Guitars often have an adjustable reinforcement, called a truss rod, to control neck bending.
All guitars are available in varying degrees of decoration and elaboration.
All guitars come with a hard shell carrying case.
All guitars feature only the finest woods, material and components.
All guitars have a one-piece mahogany neck with an adjustable truss rod.
All guitars pictured are for sale.
All guitars produce sound through the mechanical vibration of strings.
Every guitar comes complete with instructions and a certificate with all the details of the guitar.
Every guitar gives an instant vital response with incredible volume and tone.
Every guitar is an individual creation.
Every guitar is available for purchase.
Every guitar is different.
Every guitar is unique.
Many guitars sell before ever hitting the website.
Most guitars only have six strings.
Some guitars combine the hollow acoustic body with amplified sound .
Some guitars combine the hollow acoustic body with amplified sound.
Some guitars have bright color.
Some guitars have color.
Some guitars have piezo pickups, in addition to or instead of magnetic pickups.
Some guitars have piezoelectric pickup in addition to electromagnetic pickups.
Some guitars provide tons of tone controls which give plenty of sounds but are simply a pain to use.
Some guitars respond very differently than others when played at different volumes.
Guitarist mag has another rave review.
A guitarist is a musician
Guitarist seeks position in rock band.
Guitarists alternate between playing lead and rhythm, by virtual of multitrack recording.
Guitarists are a sorry lot.
Guitarists are competitive musicians.
Guitarists are musicians.
Guitarists are rife with babes, gear-freak groupies, and curvature of the spine.
Guitarists are shredders.
Guitarists can browse our database of hundreds of useful links arranged by category.
Guitarists can participate in classical and jazz ensembles.
Guitarists can simply play the rhythm, or play and sing along through the entire song.
Guitarists change generally every day.
Guitarists compete with each other to prove who is the best guitar player.
Guitarists love stompboxes.
Guitarists reinforce the rhythm section and make the sound sizzle.
Guitarists wear shoulder straps for the same reason.
Guitarists always unload all their years of experience on the first recording.
Guitarists frequently use unison pitches to tune the guitar.
Guitarists often have intimate relationships with their instruments.
Guitarists sometimes play arpeggios instead of strumming, and banjo players do it a lot.
Guitarists usually start a downward stroke early so that the top string plays on the beat.
Every guitarist has opinions on what some of the best recorded guitar solos are.
Every guitarist thinks playing bass is easy.
Many guitarists face the specific problem of getting good tone.
Many guitarists have a tube amp and effects unit.
Many guitarists learn tons of licks that sound great when played in the practice room.
Many guitarists only have one vibrato speed.
Many guitarists only think about how to achieve great Tone at the guitar speakers.
Many guitarists regard amplifiers as instruments unto themselves.
Many guitarists use the melodic minor scale for soloing.
Most guitarists are still very traditional and prefer the tone of an all wood instrument.
Most guitarists find that heavier-gauge strings hold their tuning better than lighter ones.
Most guitarists have 'holes' in their knowledge.
Most guitarists learn to play by ear.
Most Guitarists make their money from backing up singers.
Most guitarists only think of putting the amp in the middle of the room.
Most guitarists relate to their emotions.
Gujarat government can raise funds by floating tax free earthquake relief bonds .
Gujarati food is basically vegetarian.
Gujjar men are very family oriented.
Gulch isa ravine.
Gulf air meets air.
Gulf air meets canadian air.
Gulf air meets cold air.
Gulf air meets cold canadian air.
Most gulf air meets canadian air.
Most gulf air meets cold air.
Most gulf air meets cold canadian air.
Gulf Coast has high standards and a proven record of achievements in demanding stressful situations.
Gulf Coast is affordable, with tuition that s one of the lowest in the state.
Gulf Coast is also affordable, with tuition that's one of the lowest in the state.
Gulf Coast is the first hospital in the area to use the new product in surgery.
Gulf Coast puts out the welcome mat for students by providing a variety of support services.
Gulf Coast utilizes states of the art techniques and equipment in all protective functions.
Gulf cordgrass is tolerant of submersion and can extend to beaches.
Gulf cordgrass is well adapted to fire.
Some gulf cordgrasses have single spikes.
Some gulf cordgrasses have spikes.
Gulf County is heavily Democratic .
Gulf County is heavily Democratic.
Gulf flounder has lifespans.
Gulf flounders seem to prefer sandy bottoms, and typically stay further offshore as adults.
Most gulf flounder has lifespans.
Gulf fritillaries feed with their wings open.
Gulf ports handle nearly one-half of all U.S. import and export tonnage.
Gulf states are part of souths.
Gulf states have such plans but their effectiveness has been limited.
All Gulf states have serious coastal erosion problems.
Most Gulf states import almost all their food.
Gulf War allies Saudi Arabia and Kuwait supported the raids and have backed the sanctions.
Gulf War illnesses is one of the most studied health issues of all time.
Gulf War is covered there.
Gulf War retrospective from The Stars and Stripes.
Gulf War threatens Middle East relations.
Gulf War veterans and their families deserve a full and thorough commitment to get answers.
Gulf War veterans with concerns about their health - contact the nearest VA medical center.
A gulf is disparity
Gulf contends that the policy provides that the merchandise be valued at replacement value.
Gulf isa waters.
Some gulfs are part of hydrospheres.
Some gulfs are part of sea.
Gull control is a necessary part of the restoration of Maine's seabird colonies.
Gull cries echo through the fjords.
Gull Island is home to some very curious species.
A gull is a victim
Gull isa seabird.
Gulls actually do see in color.
Gulls also have very large esophaguses.
Gulls are animals.
Gulls are attracted to water for a variety of reasons, depending on the size of the water body.
Gulls are birds that live near oceans and lakes.
Gulls are birds.
Gulls are cacophonous and dirty.
Gulls are common at dumpsites, harbors, and piers and around fishing boats.
Gulls are common year-round.
Gulls are everywhere.
Gulls are fast moving birds that prey on piping plover eggs and chicks.
Gulls are fast moving birds that prey on plover chicks and eggs.
Gulls are fish-eating birds that target schools of shad near the surface.
Gulls are larger and bulkier than terns, and their tails are squared rather than forked.
Gulls are located in sea.
Gulls are notorious troublemakers to photograph.
Gulls are numerous, always with the chance of seeing an unusual species.
Gulls are opportunistic feeders, exploiting virtually any food source they can find.
Gulls are opportunistic feeders, including many different items the Aleutian Islands.
Gulls are predators of several seabirds during the breeding season.
Gulls are scavengers that are looking for an easy meal.
Gulls are seabirds.
Gulls are terribly aggressive and greedy.
Gulls are the acrobats of the sky, making the seemingly impossible antics appear effortless.
Gulls are the best known of all seabirds, though many spend much of their lives inland.
Gulls are the main objects of ornithological studies.
Gulls are the principal predators on the eggs and young of other species, including kittiwakes.
Gulls are usually too numerous and are very aggressive with birds of prey.
Gulls are valuable as scavengers.
Gulls are well-known scavengers.
Gulls belong to families.
Gulls belong to large families.
Gulls can add spice to the month's list as well.
Gulls can also cause swimmer's itch.
Gulls can change their migratory behavior during lifetime.
Gulls can eat most types of food but like meat more than anything else .
Gulls can eat most types of food but like meat more than anything else.
Gulls cause damage to agricultural crops and threaten human safety at and near airports.
Gulls circle the rocks out front and wild deer run freely through fields behind.
Gulls cruise slowly against the high windowless brick walls of the district.
Gulls cry out overhead in perpetual anticipation.
Gulls cry, the wind sighs in the trees, waves lap against the lake shore.
Gulls eat many different things.
Gulls eat the eggs or take the young chicks.
Gulls feed on insects.
Gulls feed on insects.
Gulls feed on small insects.
Gulls float around inside, Nesting in the booths, Beside layers of french fries.
Gulls fly in and get as close as they can, hoping to get a bit of something from the otter.
Gulls fly in and out and crabs and other sea life are very plentiful.
Gulls form part of their quarry, but the main targets are shearwaters, skuas and petrels.
Gulls generally are adaptable birds.
Gulls get food.
Gulls glide and hover over the ocean.
Gulls glide lazily as if they have nowhere to go and nothing to do.
Gulls have (part) air sacs.
Gulls have (part) bird's feet.
Gulls have (part) brains.
Gulls have (part) breasts.
Gulls have (part) cell membranes.
Gulls have (part) cells.
Gulls have (part) chest cavities.
Gulls have (part) chests.
Gulls have (part) corpi.
Gulls have (part) cytoplasm.
Gulls have (part) ears.
Gulls have (part) faces.
Gulls have (part) flight feathers.
Gulls have (part) heads.
Gulls have (part) lips.
Gulls have (part) mouths.
Gulls have (part) nuclei.
Gulls have (part) plasma membranes.
Gulls have (part) quill feathers.
Gulls have (part) rib cages.
Gulls have (part) second joints.
Gulls have (part) sections.
Gulls have (part) skulls.
Gulls have (part) sterna.
Gulls have (part) talons.
Gulls have (part) vacuoles.
Gulls have (part) wishbones.
Gulls have backs.
Gulls have bills.
Gulls have feathers.
Gulls have heads.
Gulls have more generalised bills that reflect their more opportunistic lifestyle.
Gulls have noses.
Gulls have red spots on their beaks that the young peck at when they want to eat.
Gulls have runny noses.
Gulls have wings.
Gulls hug the shores and proclaim themselves monarchs of dock pilings.
Gulls inadvertantly help protect eider nests.
Gulls like to float on the air currents so that they can exert as little energy as possible.
Gulls live for years.
Gulls nest on cliffs.
Gulls nest on rocky cliffs.
Gulls organize on a parking lot into groups of chalky toys squawking louder than in last summer.
Gulls patrol the shore.
Gulls perform acrobatics as they swoop low, dip slender wings in the air.
Gulls reach maturity.
Gulls recognize their own species by the type of ring around the eye.
Gulls return to colonies.
Gulls roost in abundance where the freshwater flows into the bay.
Gulls scare the bait and the bass down from a blitz much more quickly than do terns.
Gulls scour the beach searching for crabs and small fish.
Gulls scream overhead.
Gulls soar and squeak.
Gulls squawk overhead.
Gulls swoop and cry overhead while sandpipers play tag with the surf.
Gulls swoop and scream while a dignified sandpiper looks on in disdain.
Gulls swoop down for scraps.
Gulls swoop down to take dead fish.
Gulls top the list as the bird most commonly struck by aircraft.
Gulls wail their lament at the now decline of summer.
Gulls wheel above the placid barges and tugs navigating the point.
Gulls wheel and squawk overhead while fancy, powerful, wooden tugs trundle across the basin.
Gulls wheel overhead.
Gulls always become easier when the wings are open.
Gulls frequently roost on the beach and can be seen from the parking area on the dam.
Gulls often use updrafts of air to soar over large expanses of water.
All gulls are seagulls.
All gulls go through a sequence of plumages from juvenal to adult.
Most gulls belong to families.
Most gulls belong to large families.
Most gulls feed on insects.
Most gulls feed on small insects.
Most gulls get food.
Most gulls have backs.
Most gulls have bills.
Most gulls have feathers.
Most gulls have heads.
Most gulls have noses.
Most gulls have runny noses.
Most gulls have wings.
Most gulls live for years.
Most gulls nest on cliffs.
Most gulls reach maturity.
Most gulls return to colonies.
Some gulls are already back.
Some gulls are reputed to 'paddle' the earth with their feet to bring earthworms to the surface.
Some gulls cause damage.
Some gulls eat crabs.
Some gulls eat fish.
Some gulls establish sites.
Some gulls feed on mollusks.
Some gulls have bags.
Some gulls have black spots.
Some gulls have edges.
Some gulls have ranges.
Some gulls have spots.
Some gulls have tails.
Some gulls have white tails.
Some gulls have wide ranges.
Some gulls kill birds.
Some gulls kill chicks.
Some gulls nest in colonies.
Some gulls nest in small colonies.
Some gulls select mates.
Some gulls select same sex mates.
Some gulls steal food right from the tables.
Some gulls use methods.
Some gulls visit neighborhoods.
Some gulls visit same neighborhoods.
A gullibility is quality
Gullibility is also an issue.
Gullibility is for squares.
Gullibility is no mark of a saint or of piety .
Gullibility is praised as faith and virtue.
Gullibility is the real virus.
Gullible folks believe the hype and chip in with similar positive, largely unsubstantiated spin.
Gullible souls scatter and seclude themselves in their humble abodes.
Many gullible souls believe that labels are sewn into Superman capes.
Gully erosion causes damage.
A gully is a valley
Gullies act as sort of inverted slopes which units can also hide in sometimes.
Gullies are channels that have cut deep into the earth.
Gullies are classified under several systems based on their different characteristics.
Gullies are ditches caused by flowing water.
Gullies are many times more hazardous than open slopes because they act as natural avalanche chutes.
Gullies are valleys.
Gullies are wounds.
Gullies can be a problem in the long-term.
Gullies can be as shallow as a few inches or as deep as the Grand Canyon.
Gullies can remove significant areas of land from high value cultivation.
Gullies develop more quickly in places like animal trails, plow furrows, and vehicle ruts.
Gullies have scrubby vegetation with some palms and ferns.
Gullies hold water for brief periods of time after a rain storm or snow melt.
Gullies increase in size and collect more water to become streams.
Gully isa valley.
Some gullies are active and systematically degrade the adjoining terrain.
Some gullies form up.
GulmohamadPolitical parties have a significant impact in forming the government.
Gulper eels feed by expanding and engulfing prey in their pouchlike mouths.
Gulper Eels have wide jaws and what looks like an elastic stomach.
Gum chewing is an individual choice.
Gum chewing is deemed an aphrodisiac.
Gum chewing is permitted as long as it is done quietly.
GUM clinics are very confidential.
GUM clinics have facilities for doing tests for all genital infections.
Some gum diseases cause bacteria.
Gum ponds have components.
Most gum ponds have components.
Some gum ridges are part of jaws.
Some gum ridges are part of mandibles.
Some gum ridges are part of skulls.
Some gum trees provide nectar.
Gum chewing and sucking on hard candies also increase the amount of air swallowed.
Gum chewing stimulates saliva flow and reduces harmful acidity from bacteria in the mouth.
Gum chewing stimulates saliva flow which buffers acids and aids in the immunity of the mouth.
Gum chewing, raw carrot stick eating, bagels, pretzels, ice, etc, etc, etc, cause cracks in teeth.
Gum derives from acacias.
Gum has flavor.
Gum has unpleasant flavor.
Gum is animal tissue
Gum is body parts.
GUM is divided into several parts.
Gum is exudates.
Gum is located in ground.
Gum is located in mail.
Gum is located in mouths.
Gum is located in movies.
Gum is located in purses.
Gum is located in shelfs.
Gum is located in sidewalks.
Gum is located in stores.
Gum is located in tables.
Gum is located in trash.
Gum is located in water fountains.
Gum is solid objects.
Gum is used for chewing.
GUM is very different from a Western department store.
Gum isa delicacy.
Gum isa goody.
Gums also recede contributing to changes in appearance of the mouth and dental problems.
Gums are blue or white.
Gums are firm and resilient, with a healthy pink color.
Gums are pale or muddy.
Gums are red, swollen, and bleed easily.
Gums are rich pink layers, which holds the teeth firm and strong.
Gums are simply polysaccharides which are used to thicken and stabilize water, hydrocolloids.
Gums attach to all teeth at pretty much the same level.
Gums become detached from the teeth, forming pockets that fill with more plaque.
Gums become red, puffy and slightly swollen.
Gums become sore and bleeding, teeth loosen, and joints become swollen and painful.
Gums bleed and teath fall out.
Gums bleed easily and are very vascular.
Gums bleed easily Having an unusual amount of toothaches.
Gums bleed easily, and are swollen.
Gums bleed easily, scorbutic, swollen.
Gums bleed easily.
Gums can become red, swollen, sensitive and can bleed on provocation.
Gums can become sore and irritated if denture problems develop.
Gums can become tender.
Gums can even become sore and sensitive.
Gums die back.
Gums dissolve in water.
Gums gradually shrink as people age.
Gums have healthy pink color.
Gums infected with periodontal disease are toxic reservoirs of disease-causing bacteria.
Gums look better after one application.
Gums normally are pink and moist.
Gums normally are pink, moist, and have a capillary refill time of about two seconds.
Gums pink without bleeding.
Gums protect the roots of teeth, and keep teeth in the mouth.
Gums pull away from the teeth, forming pockets that fill with more plaque.
Gums recede even more, causing teeth to loosen and shift.
Gums soften and the added weight makes the almonds knock easier.
Any gum found on the ground is scraped up immediately.
Most gum has flavor.
Some gum becomes diarrhea.
Some gum contains calories.
Some gum contributes to breaths.
Some gum helps childhood constipation.
Some gum helps constipation.
Some gum improves insulin sensitivity.
Some gum improves sensitivity.
Some gum makes up diets.
Some gums do tend to stick to artificial dental work, such as dentures or a bridge.
A gumbo is dirt
Gumbo comes from the African word 'ngumbo' which means okra.
Gumbo is a mixture of various things.
Gumbo is a perennial Gulf Coast favorite.
Gumbo is a series of vignettes ranging from the comic to poignant to bizarre.
Gumbo is a soup that is a combination of many different ingredients.
Gumbo is a special case.
Gumbo is a traditional southern soup like dish.
Gumbo is a very popular fish and shellfish southern stew which contains okra.
Gumbo is actually the Swahili word for okra.
Gumbo is also the creole name for okra , which is one of the staples in the dish.
Gumbo is an excellent example of cultural blending, or creolization.
Gumbo is smokier in Cajun country than in New Orleans.
Gumbo is Swahili for okra.
Gumbo is the soil that makes up much of our river-bottom ground.
Gumbos are part of okras.
Gumbos are soil.
Gumbos are soup.
Gumbos are stew.
Gumbos are vegetables.
Gumbo always seems to taste better after it has set overnight.
A gumdrop is candy
Gumdrops can be about any size or shape.
A gumma is granuloma
Gummas occur in skin or bone.
A gummed label is a label
Gummed labels save time, increase revenue.
Gummed labels solve sticky problems.
Gummed paper can be useful if the reed is to be removed again soon - gum it to the wood.
Gummies are the next best thing to actually eating fresh, raw fruits and vegetables.
A gummosis is a brown rot
Gummosis can result from a number of causes.
Gummosis can result from environmental stress, mechanical injury, or disease and insect infestation.
Gummosis is believed to be a condition of weak and injured trees and is reported to be infectious.
Gummosis is when a tree exudes sap in a gummy form.
Gummosises are plant diseases.
Gummy eyes are most often due to infection.
Gump insiders report laid-back interviews, noting that interviewers primarily look for personality.
Gumption can be a double-edged sword.
Gumption is courage
Gumption is the order of the day.
A gumshoe is an overshoe
GumShoe can find all sorts of important information on just about anyone.
GumShoe has links to all the important public record databases.
Gun bans create criminals out of honest, law-abiding citizens.
A gun barrel is a tube
Gun barrels are exact in appearance but are steel-jacketed and filled with concrete.
Gun barrels leave telltale markings on bullets and shell casings.
Gun barrels poke through closed doors, revealing hidden enemies.
Gun barrels tend to walk as heat is generated as a result of discharging a round.
Some gun barrels are part of guns.
Some gun barrels are part of pistols.
Some gun barrels are part of rifles.
Some gun barrels are part of tanks.
Gun clubs are a good starting point for voter registration.
Gun clubs are an excellent way to get practice and find new hunting partners.
Gun clubs offer new gun owners the opportunity to fire guns safely.
Every gun club has members selling shotguns.
Gun control allows the officers to use their guns, but only when they have to.
Gun control appears to work no better than the war on drugs.
Gun control assumes that anyone who wants to own a gun is a criminal or is mentally unstable.
Gun control can actually endanger the lives of innocent people.
Gun control does infringe on the right to own guns.
Gun control equals victim disarmament.
Gun control has no place in a free society.
Gun control has virtually no positive effect on crime control.
Gun control insists that citizens rely on the authorities.
Gun control is a controversial issue with two distinct sides.
Gun control is a euphemism for personal disarmament.
Gun control is a factor in voters' support.
Gun control is a front for the advancement of the socialist agenda.
Gun control is a hot political issue right now.
Gun control is a joke.
Gun control is a matter of international concern.
Gun control is a much more recent invention.
Gun control is a part of the bill.
Gun control is a sign of our direction.
Gun control is a steady hand.
Gun control is a watershed issue by which to judge the moral character of a cop.
Gun control is also increasingly on the state legislative agenda.
Gun control is always just the beginning.
Gun control is an attempt by liberals to disarm America completely.
Gun control is an attempt to take away our freedom.
Gun control is an effective tool when dealing with crime.
Gun control is an emotional issue.
Gun control is an important issue.
Gun control is an increasingly emotional issue.
Gun control is an infringement.
Gun control is an issue that resonates in the Jewish community.
Gun control is an outcome of godless materialism.
Gun control is another case of course.
Gun control is beneficial to society.
Gun control is but one proposed means.
Gun control is clearly an issue that requires a rational legal philosophy.
Gun control is control
Gun control is currently a hot topic in political elections.
Gun control is dead wrong.
Gun control is different, though.
Gun control is difficult at first also.
Gun control is gun prohibition.
Gun control is irrelevant.
Gun control is nothing new.
Gun control is one of the biggest issues right now, mainly as a result of the OK City bombing.
Gun control is one of the hottest, most controversial topics in America right now.
Gun control is one of the most debatable topics today.
Gun control is only part of the puzzle.
Gun control is our concensus topic.
Gun control is part of it.
Gun control is really a big issue now.
Gun control is really just a means of controlling the poor and women.
Gun control is reasonable, but won t solve all crime.
Gun control is regulations.
Gun control is self-defense control.
Gun control is so politicized.
Gun control is something to consider, and the price of gas seems to irritate a lot of people.
Gun control is still a controversial issue.
Gun control is such an illusion.
Gun control is the first step in removing our right to bare arms.
Gun control is the issue that stands out.
Gun control is the perfect example.
Gun control is unnatural.
Gun control is unquestionably the most important aspect of the youth violence problem.
Gun control is very much like drug prohibition.
Gun control is wrapped in a series of social issues such as crime and drugs.
Gun control is, in effect, a subsidy for criminals.
Gun control is, in reality, people control.
Gun control kills innocent people every day.
Gun control kills.
Gun control leads to higher crime rates against minorities, women and the poor.
Gun control leads to more crime.
Gun control leads to safe schools.
Gun control makes the street safe for violent criminals.
Gun control means more injured crime victims.
Gun control means unilateral disarmament of law-abiding citizens.
Gun control means using both hands.
Gun control prevents women from defending themselves.
Gun control protects criminals from work related injuries.
Gun control remains on the table.
Gun control remains one of the hottest topics on America's social agenda.
Gun control resonates with few New Hampshire independents.
Gun control seems to be a huge debate.
Gun control works.
More gun control is just that, more gun control.
Gun culture is a part of popular culture, and shows the same diversity.
Most gun deaths are homicides.
Most gun deaths are suicides.
Most gun deaths involve handguns rather than long guns.
Most gun deaths involve rage, usually fueled by alcohol.
A gun dog is a dog
Gun dogs occupy a perennially favorite arena.
Gun dogs use nylon mesh booties.
Gun drilling is an ideal solution for most deep and precision drilling projects.
A gun emplacement is an emplacement
Gun emplacements fall apart.
Gun laws apply.
Gun laws are among the most contentious.
Gun laws are different in every state.
Gun laws do differ from country to country.
Gun laws don t stop crime because criminals ignore gun laws.
Gun laws obstruct our unalienable right to protect self, family, home and community.
Gun laws promote crime and violence.
Gun laws promoting firearm safety are unconstitutional.
Gun laws punish honest citizens.
Gun laws violate the Constitution, plain and simple.
All gun laws do is impede the law abiding, as was proven in Colorado.
More gun laws equals less crime or less violence.
Most gun laws are an infringement of the Second Amendment.
Gun locks are optional in a country where every two hours, a gun kills a child.
Gun locks can give a false sense of security.
Gun locks can provide a false sense of security.
Gun locks diminish the defensive value of guns.
Gun locks do make sense.
Any gun lock is better than no gun lock at all.
Gun magazines are a poor source of training information.
Some gun magazines try to hand out some legal logic, but most is pretty badly flawed.
Gun manufacturers are liable for damage their products do to people.
Gun manufacturers are now the target of the liberal establishment.
Gun manufacturers are the latest target in the battle against gun violence.
Gun manufacturers continue to make a product that leads to thousands of deaths each year.
Gun manufacturers continue to produce a product that leads to thousands of deaths a year.
Gun manufacturers deny they're to blame for the carnage and the costs guns inflict.
Gun manufacturers kill people.
Gun manufacturers make the Second Amendment a viable right rather than some theoretical proposition.
Many gun manufacturers owe their existence to it.
Gun ownership carries with it a full-time responsibility for the weapon's safety and security.
Gun ownership does also serve a self-defense purpose.
Gun ownership is a moral issue.
Gun ownership is a national right.
Gun ownership is a privilege subject to definition and regulation.
Gun ownership is a right guaranteed in our wonderfully wise constitution.
Gun ownership is a serious responsibility.
Gun ownership is for responsible government agencies.
Gun ownership is high and many people have strong religious allegiances.
Gun ownership is highest in rural and small-town America.
Gun ownership is protected by the Second Amendment.
Gun ownership is very high.
Gun ownership means safer communities.
Gun ownership saves numerous lives and foils large numbers of rapes and robberies.
Gun possession is illegal, period.
Gun powder is a very protective momma as well.
Gun powder is invented.
Gun powder is packed into metal cylinders behind the bullet, called the cartridge.
Gun powder is part of fireworks.
Gun powder makes even better bombs.
Gun powder Take white paper or a white sheet, spread it on the ground.
Gun prohibition is contrary to the principles on which America was founded.
Any gun regulation gives politicians power to do anything.
Most gun regulations are at the state level, leading to a patchwork of different laws.
Gun shops abound.
Gun show bans aren t about promoting safety.
Gun shows are a key outlet for criminals to obtain firearms.
Gun shows are a special problem.
Gun shows are also political gatherings and are often used to advocate political viewpoints.
Gun shows are as American as mom and apple pie for many of our citizens.
Gun shows are good too.
Gun shows are huge gathering points for people who are interested in Second Amendment issues.
Gun shows are legitimate enterprises and most customers and exhibitors follow the law.
Gun shows are much the same.
Gun shows are responsible for a large number of firearms falling into the hands of criminals.
Gun shows are simply an extension of that freedom.
Gun shows are the second leading source of illegal guns recovered in gun trafficking investigations.
Gun shows are under attack and from all angles.
Gun shows have big turnouts on weekends.
Many gun shows have vendors who also sell knives.
Most gun shows take place on weekends.
Most gun stores sell safes and sturdy lockboxes which have key or combination locks.
Gun talk is so very macho.
Gun turrets are part of tanks.
Most gun turrets are part of tanks.
Most gun violence stems from the illicit drug trade and youth gangs.
Most gun women treat the subject as taboo and never mention their involvement with guns.
A gun is a weapon
Gun beats sword.
Gun buffs out there can have a good time with tkballistic .
Gun buy back programs have been destroying life saving tools for several years.
Gun collecting is one of the world's oldest and most popular hobbies, but bargains are hard to find.
Gun hunting season is open and every hunter's dream is filled with deer and hearty meals of venison.
Gun isa weapon.
Gun monitor for every classroom.
Gun running is still another.
Gun seek aside either nineteen and turned wisconsin topographic map.
Gun shows now attract thousands of people, to the chagrin of the opponents.
Guns add anonymity.
Guns allow even the weak and elderly a chance to defend themselves against crime.
Guns allow killing.
Guns allow people to create a lot of damage quickly and cheaply.
Guns also paddle more efficiently to help the surfer drop in and paddle through sets.
Guns also prevent injuries to good people and protect billions of dollars of property every year.
Guns also protect.
Guns are a bad idea.
Guns are a bad influence, they are responsible for making people do bad things.
Guns are a big campaign issue.
Guns are a critical risk factor.
Guns are a last resort.
Guns are a lot of fun out here.
Guns are a macho thing, but that's very overblown.
Guns are a major cause.
Guns are a means to an end.
Guns are a modern, western-industrialized image.
Guns are a multiBillion dollar business.
Guns are a necessary part of society.
Guns are a part of life in Colorado.
Guns are a part of our culture.
Guns are a part of the world.
Guns are a pollution problem.
Guns are a problem in America, and there's no denying it.
Guns are a product, sold for profit like any other.
Guns are a reality in today's society.
Guns are a sad fact of life in American culture and are a major topic in modern journalism.
Guns are a separate problem.
Guns are a sort of tool just like a screwdriver or a chisel.
Guns are a symptom of the overall problem, take away the problem and the guns go with it.
Guns are a tangible problem that can be dealt with.
Guns are a terrible thing.
Guns are a totem of power for the powerless in our society, a way of solving problems.
Guns are a vital part of the local economy and culture.
Guns are a weak persons way of fighting.
Guns are about power and control, the ability to use violence to achieve ends.
Guns are almost as easy to get as candy.
Guns are also good for people.
Guns are also large, heavy and dirty.
Guns are also terribly destructive.
Guns are also the weapon of choice for troubled individuals who commit suicide.
Guns are an easier target, so to speak, because they have a less obvious general utility.
Guns are an environmental problem.
Guns are an instrument, just as baseball bats, kitchen knives or golf clubs are.
Guns are another cause for curiosity.
Guns are another means of self-protection, but they are very dangerous.
Guns are automatics.
Guns are available with a straight or curved nozzle.
Guns are bad enough, but the Internet is an angry boy's dream come true.
Guns are bad, bad things.
Guns are bad.
Guns are behind the crime in the streets.
Guns are both a symptom of and a further cause for our culture's distrust of others.
Guns are both articles of commerce and articles that can be used to restrain commerce.
Guns are by no means obsolete.
Guns are capable of arm men.
Guns are capable of breaks.
Guns are capable of jam.
Guns are certainly part of our society.
Guns are cheap but they subject cargo to extreme acceleration.
Guns are cheap.
Guns are common in most homes.
Guns are common in rural households.
Guns are controversial.
Guns are conventional weapons.
Guns are cool tools.
Guns are cool.
Guns are currently available.
Guns are currently out of control in America.
Guns are dangeorus.
Guns are dangerous .
Guns are dangerous and serious stuff.
Guns are dangerous in the hands of anyone.
Guns are dangerous in the hands of men, even if the men happen to work in the government.
Guns are dangerous in the wrong hands.
Guns are dangerous things and require regulation as other dangerous things do.
Guns are dangerous weapons and there is no place in hunting for carelessness.
Guns are dangerous weapons designed to kill humans and animals.
Guns are dangerous.
Guns are deadly.
Guns are designed with one purpose, to kill stuff.
Guns are discharge.
Guns are easy to come by.
Guns are easy to obtain, there is a plentiful supply on the black market.
Guns are effective for self-defense.
Guns are either the push or pull type.
Guns are equalizers.
Guns are everywhere in our society, and cause an incredible amount of death and destruction.
Guns are everywhere.
Guns are evil and kill people.
Guns are evil to some, because of the violence that they create.
Guns are evil.
Guns are for keeping power where it belongs, with the people.
Guns are for killing.
Guns are for shooting.
Guns are for show.
Guns are for sissies.
Guns are for wussies.
Guns are funny things.
Guns are good for other things.
Guns are good if in the possession of careful, trained people.
Guns are guns, lasers are lasers, death screams are death screams.
Guns are hard to get.
Guns are harder to purchase legally today than ever before.
Guns are here to protect people from their government.
Guns are highly lethal.
Guns are illegal and very hard to obtain.
Guns are illegal in Mexico.
Guns are immoral and offensive.
Guns are in other people's hands, so the end result is pretty balanced.
Guns are in very good condition, fully operational, guaranteed to function.
Guns are inanimate objects.
Guns are instruments of killing, and they are instruments of death.
Guns are instruments of madness.
Guns are just a symptom of our fears.
Guns are just about killing people.
Guns are just bad.
Guns are just to easy to get hold of.
Guns are just too easy to find.
Guns are legal to manufacture and safe when used properly.
Guns are legal.
Guns are like disposable razors.
Guns are like drugs.
Guns are like power tools.
Guns are little help in defending against criminals.
Guns are located in armies.
Guns are located in bullets.
Guns are located in crime scenes.
Guns are located in desks.
Guns are located in drawers.
Guns are located in holsters.
Guns are located in police cars.
Guns are located in police stations.
Guns are located in roadblock.
Guns are located in schools.
Guns are located in war.
Guns are loud and the noise can cause hearing damage.
Guns are loud, folks, and the sound is painful.
Guns are loud, slow, awkward to use, and desperately inaccurate at range.
Guns are making our country a very dangerous land, they say.
Guns are mechanical devices.
Guns are mirror polished.
Guns are more buoyant and therefore harder to submerge.
Guns are most effective when thrown like spears.
Guns are much more than mere metal.
Guns are nearly useless, but they are increasingly in demand.
Guns are neither good nor evil.
Guns are neither the problem nor the solution.
Guns are never to be used, so go raid a hardware store or local barn.
Guns are nice, but they get heavy quickly and take up a lot of space.
Guns are no different.
Guns are normal in Bollywood.
Guns are obscene.
Guns are obsolete.
Guns are off limits.
Guns are ok movement of working parts, gear, flaps, bombs sound average.
Guns are okay.
Guns are one of the leading causes of violent injury and death in California.
Guns are one of the more sissy things out there.
Guns are one of the most commonly stolen items in rural Washington communities.
Guns are only a problem in inner cities.
Guns are only a tool used to commit malicious acts.
Guns are only one part of the larger child-proofing issue, according to analysts.
Guns are optional.
Guns are our friends.
Guns are part of everyday life for many of our children.
Guns are part of the culture in the Norfolk area.
Guns are polished to a moderately high gloss.
Guns are politically incorrect, just like tobacco.
Guns are power over other people, and that sells itself.
Guns are powerful items, and children want to learn to use power.
Guns are present in cities, towns and rural areas.
Guns are products like any others, and trade for guns is the same as any other form of trade.
Guns are protection from the government.
Guns are pulled and lead flies, though no blood is spilled.
Guns are rampant in America, and the number of deaths caused by guns is enormous.
Guns are rarer weapons.
Guns are really messy.
Guns are relatively easy to get.
Guns are responsible for many accidental deaths in homes every year.
Guns are responsible for many accidental deaths in the home every year.
Guns are ridiculously obsolete in our modern world.
Guns are rife, and for hire.
Guns are safe.
Guns are scary.
Guns are seductive.
Guns are simply modern weapons.
Guns are simply the easiest, quickest and most impersonal way to kill another person.
Guns are so common, it is fairly easy to obtain one without going to a store.
Guns are status symbols necessary to inner-city life.
Guns are still commonplace.
Guns are still everywhere.
Guns are still too readily available to children.
Guns are the answer for everything.
Guns are the answer.
Guns are the drug no potential psycho can resist.
Guns are the equalizer for the powerless.
Guns are the favored means, followed by pills and poisons then by strangulation.
Guns are the great equalizer between the sexes.
Guns are the great equalizer between the weak and the vicious.
Guns are the great equalizers.
Guns are the instrument or agent driving the youth homicide epidemic.
Guns are the leading cause of death for youth in California.
Guns are the liberty teeth of the Bill of Rights.
Guns are the main weapons used by armies.
Guns are the most common and effective means of suicide.
Guns are the most common means of suicide amoung males.
Guns are the most common murder weapon, and their use is growing.
Guns are the most common weapon in successful homicides and suicides.
Guns are the most practical and effective means of self-defense yet devised.
Guns are the obvious answer.
Guns are the only major U.S. product exempt from consumer protection laws.
Guns are the other exception.
Guns are the poor man's bodyguard.
Guns are the problem.
Guns are the same way.
Guns are the second leading cause of death of young people between the ages of ten and twenty-four.
Guns are the tools for survival.
Guns are the tools of freedom.
Guns are the weapon of choice by husbands who kill their wives.
Guns are the weapon of choice for juvenile homicide offenders.
Guns are to America what the sword is to Japan.
Guns are to be capped or primed only on the firing line.
Guns are to be empty with cages up and loaded ready for ramming home.
Guns are to be feared.
Guns are to be given away by lucky score drawings.
Guns are to blame, they say.
Guns are to blame.
Guns are too accessible.
Guns are too dangerous for private ownership.
Guns are too easily available.
Guns are too effective.
Guns are tools.
Guns are tools.
Guns are typically the choice of means.
Guns are unlawful.
Guns are used by officers.
Guns are used by police officers.
Guns are used for fire.
Guns are used for harm.
Guns are used for kill.
Guns are used for killing.
Guns are used for shooting.
Guns are used for shoots.
Guns are used for shot.
Guns are used for violence.
Guns are useful tools.
Guns are useless against the big guy.
Guns are usually hard to come by.
Guns are very effective weapons.
Guns are very valuable right now.
Guns are virtually the last unregulated consumer product.
Guns are virtually the only unregulated consumer product in the United States.
Guns are visible.
Guns are weapons designed to kill.
Guns are weapons.
Guns are what insure our freedom.
Guns are why America seems different.
Guns are why people can confront each other with signs and bullhorns in public.
Guns are widely and easily available in California.
Guns are wrong.
Guns are, after all, lifeless hunks of steel.
Guns are, by definition, dangerous.
Guns are, in a sense, the last line of defense against crime and violence.
Guns are, in many places, less available only to law abiding people.
Guns batter the walls with bullets.
Guns become collectible for a VERY few reasons.
Guns become the silent scape goat.
Guns can and do kill people.
Guns can arrive at leisure and try a shot.
Guns can be a natural curiosity for children.
Guns can be as small as pistols , or as large as gatling guns .
Guns can be as small as pistols, or as large as gatling guns.
Guns can be collectibles.
Guns can be dangerous.
Guns can be deadly in the wrong hands.
Guns can be expensive, bulky and dangerous.
Guns can be frightening.
Guns can be lethal to women, in particular battered women.
Guns can be particularly attractive to burglars.
Guns can do good, or evil, depending on whose hands they reside.
Guns can have many different sizes of barrels .
Guns can have many different sizes of barrels.
Guns can help in some situations Hypothetical scenario.
Guns can kill.
Guns can never move into contact with an enemy, or move off-road in woods or marsh.
Guns can only be ready to shoot while playing in a paintball game.
Guns can rust quickly.
Guns can save a life or take a life, but weapons are often the deciding factor in a war.
Guns can too.
Guns cause more problems.
Guns change everything.
Guns clearly deter criminals.
Guns come in three major catagories.
Guns continue to rank second only to cars as a cause of death by injury.
Guns cost our society more freedom than they are worth.
Guns deter as well as defend.
Guns discourage that.
Guns do deserve respect, just like any dangerous tool or animal.
Guns do have an individuality.
Guns do it.
Guns do kill and they kill at a very high rate.
Guns DO kill children.
Guns do kill people - needlessly.
Guns DO kill people, too.
Guns do kill people.
Guns DO kill people.
Guns don t kill people.
Guns dont kill people, people kill people because they know they can get away with it.
Guns dont shoot people, people do.
Guns enable children to qualify as grownups without aging.
Guns enable self defense and deter criminals.
Guns end our choices.
Guns ensure it.
Guns fire bullets.
Guns fire projectiles.
Guns get better, ships get bigger, and science begins to take a larger role in things.
Guns give women a fighting chance against crime.
Guns give women a fighting chance.
Guns go down, and back into their hiding places.
Guns go off People get shot They die, of course.
Guns go off.
Guns go to raise money.
Guns have (part) bases.
Guns have (part) eyepieces.
Guns have (part) fulcrums.
Guns have (part) gun barrels.
Guns have (part) gun chambers.
Guns have (part) muzzles.
Guns have (part) readsides.
Guns have (part) sections.
Guns have (part) triggers.
Guns have barrels.
Guns have basic features.
Guns have basic safety features.
Guns have bullets.
Guns have features.
Guns have less anonymity than knives, bats, swords, etc.
Guns have made wolf attacks decline, it says.
Guns have no cost.
Guns have no place in our schools.
Guns have no place in school.
Guns have no place on or around schoolgrounds.
Guns have safety features.
Guns help offset the strength differential between male criminals and female victims.
Guns hurt and kill people.
Guns hurt people.
Guns is matte blued.
Guns just get the bullest going really fast.
Guns just make a bloody mess out of it.
Guns just make it a whole lot easier.
Guns keep on looking and acting like guns.
Guns keep surfacing with alarming regularity in sports.
Guns kill a child every two hours.
Guns kill everyone from babies to senior citizens.
Guns kill fewer people than cars.
Guns kill fourteen children each day.
Guns kill in real life.
Guns kill people, they repeat.
Guns kill people.
Guns kill twice as many as all other methods combined.
Guns kill, clear and simple.
Guns legally move from a manufacturer to a distributor and then to licensed dealers.
Guns make it easier.
Guns make killing easier.
Guns make killing much, much easier.
Guns make less noise.
Guns make noise.
Guns make noise.
Guns make people less violent.
Guns make violence too easy and simple.
Guns never work in a kung-fu movie.
Guns now require a signature.
Guns only promote violence and crime.
Guns open the door on a whole new standard of efficiency.
Guns pierce the fog with fire.
Guns play a frequent and fatal role in male violence against women.
Guns play a large role in suicides as well.
Guns pose a danger to children of any age.
Guns possess a similar seductive glamour, especially to children.
Guns prevent crime and save lives in schools too.
Guns prevent crime.
Guns protect people from criminals and from the greatest criminal of all, a dictator.
Guns protect the rights and freedoms of the individual.
Guns provide only the illusion of security.
Guns ramp up the intensity of the scene.
Guns reach further than howitzers of the same bore diameter, due to longer barrels.
Guns recognized by the awards include two shotguns, two rifles and one handgun.
Guns remain a small factor in the violence.
Guns remain the most common method of suicide for children.
Guns represent a major part of the youth violence problem.
Guns represent false strength.
Guns require more than average concern for safety and use.
Guns require some kind of maturity.
Guns rest quietly under the crucifix.
Guns save children's lives.
Guns save far more lives than they cost.
Guns save lives.
Guns save many, many times more lives than they take.
Guns save people.
Guns save vastly more lives than they take.
Guns seduce children, and men as well.
Guns seem to be a continuing part of the Dominican culture, at least in the capitol.
Guns seem to make more of a lasting impression than cleavage.
Guns serve only two purposes - to kill and maim.
Guns shape the course of history.
Guns shoot too much off-target.
Guns shooting invisible rays of demise are no science fiction, unfortunately.
Guns simply make it much riskier to be a criminal.
Guns solve nothing.
Guns stand in for swords and daggers.
Guns stand on raised platforms and fire over the parapet, thus having a free range.
Guns still overrule laws.
Guns stink like hell to a dog.
Guns stop crime.
Guns stop crimes.
Guns stored for years in high humidity environments remain rust-free.
Guns supplied by the U.S., France, Germany and the U.K. kill people in developing countries.
Guns turn a crack in the dam into a flood.
Guns turn rage into fatalities.
Guns turn troubled children into lifelong convicts.
Guns used for punching holes in earlobes are inappropriate for other body parts.
Guns View the internet verison converted from the original presentation.
Guns wind up in states with stronger restrictions on purchases and ownership.
Guns work on deer.
Guns often symbolize sexual energy.
Guns usually enter the illegal market through one of several methods.
ALL guns are already illegal in places with the highest shooting rates.
All guns are capable of being used in crime.
All guns are capable of killing and maiming.
All guns are competition ready and easy to keep that way.
All guns are loaded, all safeties are off.
All guns are to be empty when the shooter reports to the line.
All guns can be dangerous if improperly handled.
All guns carry manufacturer warranties.
All guns come with a one year factory warranty, and the latest technology.
All guns come with one year warranty.
All guns get hotter when left plugged in, even to the point of discoloring the glue.
All guns have a spring-working cocking lever or slide.
All guns have a spring-working cocking lever.
All guns kill.
All guns pose a threat to public safety.
All guns shoot high when fired either up or down a steep slope.
All guns start out with their hammers down on an empty chamber so that no errant shots are fired.
Any gun can be efficient at low flow rates and with low viscosity materials.
Any gun can spray a stain.
Every gun does something different.
Every gun is different than the others.
Every gun is inspected and tagged to assure people that it's been deactivated.
Every gun is tested for efficiency and accuracy before leaving the factory.
Many guns also have a wide variation of grips available.
Many guns are ammunition sensitive.
Many guns now have kits that can make the gun go full auto.
More guns are always on the way.
More guns are on the street and more people are willing to address their problems through violence.
More guns create a safer society.
More guns goin' off.
Most guns already have an internal trigger-locking mechanism called a safety.
Most guns also come with an optional maneuver.
Most guns are used by officers.
Most guns are used by police officers.
Most guns are valuable and some, such as handguns, can be used in carrying out crimes.
Most guns come immediately from Sudan.
Most guns come with a warranty card.
Most guns come with power feed on the guns when purchased.
Most guns have barrels.
Most guns have basic features.
Most guns have basic safety features.
Most guns have bullets.
Most guns have features.
Most guns have safety features.
Most guns have the ammunition type stamped on the barrel.
Most guns make noise.
Some guns also use compressed air.
Some guns are just obviously better than others.
Some guns can shoot through objects.
Some guns come with holsters or extra magazines.
Some guns eject nails by detonating an explosive cartridge placed directly behind the gun barrel.
Some guns emit light.
Some guns have a built-in suppressor .
Some guns have a built-in suppressor.
Some guns have a longer range then others, while yet others have a greater spread.
Some guns have greater explosive capability than others of the same caliber.
Some guns kill gorillas.
Some guns make louder noises than others, and any player can name what any sound is.
Some guns prefer one brand over the other.
Some guns provide fire.
Some guns provide long range fire.
Some guns use gases.
Some guns use in death.
Some guns use in shoot death.
A gunboat diplomacy is a diplomacy
Gunboat diplomacy is our forte.
A gunfight is a fighting
Gunfights are fights.
Gunfights fill the night with terror.
Gunfights replace fist fights.
Gunfights replace fistfights.
Gunfights replace fist-fights.
Gunfights start replacing fistfights.
Most gunfights happen at close distances.
Gunfire breaks out between pursuers and pursued.
Gunfire clunks off rusted barrels while soldiers shout orders in their assault.
Gunfire disproportionately kills the young.
Gunfire erupts from up the street.
Gunfire erupts while they're in the apartment, forcing the doctors to stay until the gunfire abates.
Gunfire is authoritative, thanks to the track's solid bass reproduction.
Gunfire is frequent.
Gunfire is heard in Chicago streets.
Gunfire is random.
Gunfire is rare, but innocent bystanders have been injured.
Gunfire is reported overnight, a source of panic to the Albanian population there.
Gunfire is shooting.
Gunfire is shot
Gunfire is traded numerous times, resulting in both injury and death.
Gunfire is worse.
Gunfire parades the once peaceful streets.
Gunfire punctuates a couple of scenes.
A gunman is a murderer
Gunman promises to be a very classy shooter.
Gunmans are murderers.
Gunmans are shot.
Gunmans are workers.
Gunmen are gun freaks.
Gunmen is a spinoff.
Gunmen kill mafia bosses.
Gunmen murder Pakistani believer.
Gunmen storm Turkish hotel .
All gunmen wear dark jackets.
A gunnel is a bony fish
Gunnels swim in shallow water among eelgrass blades, feeding on crustaceans and mollusks.
Gunnels works for the state of Tennessee as computer support for general services.
A gunner is a man
Gunners are also conspicuous on the list of the great Canadian military commanders.
Gunners can enjoy bonus shooting on cottontails, which are plentiful in thickets and weed patches.
Gunners carry pistols and swords.
Gunners file for bankruptcy.
Gunners go there much, in the same season, for wild geese and ducks.
Gunners jump into the frame, roll out from under their cover, etc.
Gunnery officer suggests to captain to wait until fog lifts before proceeding.
Gunny bag turn up daily with pieces of humans flesh.
A gunny is a bagging
Gunny blow the sheep dip out of anything that s moving.
Gunny ends up having cancer.
Gunny likes to take long walks and does well on leash.
Gunpowder carburetors are still hard to find.
Gunpowder contains nitrates and sulfur compounds.
Gunpowder is an explosive
Guns laws vary from state to state, which is crazy.
All guns magazines guard funny hence steep, yet shell deny others.
Guns safety is between the ears-mechanical inventions are less important.
Guns shows are to gun owners what dinner on the ground used to be to the church membership.
Gunshot residue can indicate someone fired a gun.
Gunshot residue is normally a combination of gunpowder residues and lead residues .
Gunshot wounds are evident on one.
Gunshot wounds are second only to car accidents as a cause of fatal injury in children.
Gunshot wounds are still clear on the skulls discovered in the pit.
Gunshot wounds are the eighth leading cause of death in the United States.
Gunshot wounds is wounds.
Gunshot wounds represent the most frequent penetrating abdominal injury.
Gunshot wounds See the medical section for information on the medical treatment of gunshot wounds.
Most gunshot wounds are either accidental, self-inflicted, or the result of domestic violence.
A gunshot is shot
Gunshot shoot down dem and police.
Gunshots are a constant counterpoint to the salsa music that spices the air at night.
Gunshots are equally dangerous.
Gunshots are fired, young men wield swords and home-made mortars.
Gunshots are so common here.
Gunshots chase the birds away.
Gunshots echo for eternity.
Gunshots frighten people.
GunShots investigates the largest gun trafficking case in the Bay Area.
Gunshots rang out in a few scenes and that's always hard for visually impaired people.
Gunshots rang out in the streets.
Gunshots rang out, and both men fell to the ground mortally wounded.
Gunshots rang out.
Gunshots ring out clearly, and feature the best muzzle flash and ricochet effects seen to date.
Gunshots ring out less often.
Gunshots ring through the air savaging the riders.
Gunshots startle the quiet.
Gunshots tear through the autumn night and a young couple lies grievously wounded.
Gunshots wounds are the most common method of murder in America.
A gunsmith is a smith
Gunsmiths use it to inspect the barrels of weapons.
A gunstock is a handle
A gunstock is support
Gunstock offers downhill, x-country and nightskiing.
A gunwale is a strake
Gunwales are black aluminum.
Gunwales are plastic, with a mild lip on the outwale to help deflect waves and keep the canoe dry.
Gunwales are wales.
Gunwales are wide and feature an aggressive nonskid pattern.
Many guppy breeders use a mixture of flake foods to assure all nutritional needs are met.
Some guppy diseases cause death.
Guppy fish can breed anytime, with no specific season.
Guppy fish is called million fish in the international trading world.
Guppy fry are big for fry fish and they are free swimming at birth.
Guppy fry eat brine shrimp , micro-worms or powdered flakes.
Guppy fry start out extemely small.
Guppy fry tend to sink, so use low-floating plants for their cover.
Guppy reproduction is similar to that of many other fish.
A guppy is a bony fish
Guppies appreciate plants, especially floating ones.
Guppies are a common aquarium pet.
Guppies are about the easiest fish to breed in the aquarium.
Guppies are another type of tropical fish.
Guppies are bred for color, body size, and fin shape.
Guppies are easy to care for and come in a wide range of brilliant colors.
Guppies are fast swimmers and they like to chase each other at times.
Guppies are favorites of beginner and advanced aquarists alike.
Guppies are fish.
Guppies are fun, lively little fish that give birth to live babies about once a month.
Guppies are generally peaceful fish.
Guppies are known as hardy, easy to care for fish.
Guppies are live bearers.
Guppies are live-bearers, meaning they give birth to tiny live guppy fry.
Guppies are lots of fun to keep and deserve a proper filtered, heated aquarium setup.
Guppies are omnivores and prefer a diet consisting of both meat and vegetable matter.
Guppies are on the edge of tropical.
Guppies are one of the easiest of all tropical fish to care for.
Guppies are one of the most colorful tropical freshwater fish in the world.
Guppies are ovoviviparous and fertilize internally.
Guppies are small fish.
Guppies are the major predators in Trinidad.
Guppies are the most popular aquarium fishes.
Guppies are usually able to first breed by the age of three months.
Guppies are very small fish but pack a tremendous appearance.
Guppies can snack on microworms all day.
Guppies can swim as soon as they leave their mother's body.
Guppies cohabit with many different kinds of fish because of their docile nature.
Guppies come in a wide range of colors and fin shapes.
Guppies come in all colors and combinations of colors.
Guppies come in many different colors, including green, red and blue.
Guppies come in several bright colors, with new strains being developed all the time.
Guppies develop fatty livers.
Guppies develop livers.
Guppies do best and live longest when they have good water quality.
Guppies do chase each other and other fish but generally do no harm.
Guppies engage in internal fertilization.
Guppies enjoy a variety of chopped vegetables.
Guppies enjoy both meat and vegetables.
Guppies give off small bio-load and waste levels so they make for a tremendous pet fish.
Guppies have (part) brains.
Guppies have (part) breasts.
Guppies have (part) cell membranes.
Guppies have (part) chest cavities.
Guppies have (part) chests.
Guppies have (part) corpi.
Guppies have (part) cytoplasm.
Guppies have (part) ears.
Guppies have (part) faces.
Guppies have (part) fish scales.
Guppies have (part) fishbones.
Guppies have (part) flippers.
Guppies have (part) heads.
Guppies have (part) nuclei.
Guppies have (part) pedal extremities.
Guppies have (part) plasma membranes.
Guppies have (part) rib cages.
Guppies have (part) sections.
Guppies have (part) skulls.
Guppies have (part) sperm.
Guppies have (part) sterna.
Guppies have (part) tail fins.
Guppies have (part) vacuoles.
Guppies have (part) vertebrate feet.
Guppies have (part) yolks.
Guppies have anal fins.
Guppies have color.
Guppies have fins.
Guppies have gills.
Guppies have spots.
Guppies have stripes along their bodies.
Guppies live for years.
Guppies live in streams.
Guppies make engaging and entertaining pets.
Guppies need food.
Guppies need high quality food.
Guppies now come in many strains characterized by vivid colors and ornate tails.
Guppies rank with the common goldfish as one of the most well known and widely kept aquarium fish.
Guppies seem to always be hungry but quality is more important that quantity.
Guppies still remain one of the least expensive and most plentiful of all tropical fishes.
Guppies survive in water.
Guppies tend to pick at things in the tank, be it the decor or any new item.
Guppies tend to stick to the upper region of an aquarium.
Guppies thrive when their habitats are adjusted to suit their specific needs.
Guppies typically produce a batch of fry every one to two months.
Guppy isa fish.
Most guppies develop fatty livers.
Most guppies develop livers.
Most guppies have anal fins.
Most guppies have color.
Most guppies have fins.
Most guppies have gills.
Most guppies have spots.
Most guppies live for years.
Most guppies live in streams.
Most guppies survive in water.
Some guppies adapt to conditions.
Some guppies eat insects.
Some guppies have babies.
Some guppies have healthy babies.
Some guppies have types.
Gurley reading is available here.
Gurnard beach is split into two.
A gurney is a stretcher
Gurney activates a series of locks.
Gurney starts by solving the owner's problems as efficiently as possible.
A guru is a religious leader
Guru also means the destroyer of darkness - intellectual and spiritual.
Guru also pines for the devotee.
Guru breaks character, hilarity results.
Guru can cause self-illumination.
Guru can give spiritual education.
Guru can help eradicate egoism, hatred, prejudices, selfishness, and other negative qualities.
Guru can help one develop positive qualities.
Guru can remove the pitfalls and obstacles encountered while doing meditation.
GURU does just that.
Guru has polish.
Guru help comes at a price.
Guru is another popular system for finding work for quality freelancers.
Guru is everything.
Guru is here in each body, face, and soul.
Guru is just one.
Guru is like a huge steamer to which one ties one's boat and relaxes.
Guru is one slick willy of a guy, and it shows.
Guru is one who dispels the darkness of ignorance and bestows the light of knowledge.
Guru is paramount in bhakti as well as in Sikhism .
Guru is really easy to download and install.
Guru is the major instructor or teacher and influences action with the highest order and balance.
Guru is the root of all.
Guru is the spiritual teacher and removes the darkness of ignorance.
Guru is there.
Guru loves impersonally.
Guru means teacher, the one who removes darkness.
Guru means teacher.
Guru operates a little differently.
Guru removes the veil of ignorance and blesses the ignorant souls.
Guru reveals walking along the hukam .
Guru sense a great powewr.
Guru slaps newbie with a large trout.
Guru tattva is a vast subject, an elusive tattva.
Gurus are dominant or alpha individuals.
Gurus are leaders.
Gurus are people too.
Gurus are religious leaders.
Gurus are teachers.
Gurus are the symbolic form of a drug.
Gurus are worth worshipping.
GURUs can be pretty damn mean when they want to be.
Gurus churn out books on the subject constantly.
Gurus clarify the role of suggested modifications in a given pathway.
Gurus develop doctrines and then accept no deviation from the doctrine.
Gurus do and say inexplicable things.
Gurus get to travel in the light.
Gurus have followers.
Gurus maintain distance from students and other forms of earthly worry.
Gurus spend their time hanging around various feedback forums waiting for people to have problems.
All gurus receive full credits and their own area in Author Central.
Some gurus appear to believe so.
Some Gurus expect blind obedience, yet others expect a questioning mind.
Some gurus say that that is the sign of a good web site - never get stale.
Some gurus take it to the extreme.
Gushers are caused by the pressure of oil rushing into a newly drilled hole in the ground.
Gushers are undesirable, because they waste oil and can burn for months if ignited.
A gusset is a cataphract
Gussets are braces.
Gussets are part of garments.
Gussets are plates.
Gussets can be all nylon, all cotton or a combination of cotton and nylon.
Gussets come in various shapes and sizes throughout the aircraft structure.
Gussets eliminates one degree of freedom from alignment.
Gussets prevent leaks around legs.
Gussets provide extra rigidity in high stress areas.
Gusseted legs protect against leakage.
Gusseted tongue helps prevent moisture penetration.
Gussetted sides allow flat, stable base.
Gust fronts are much more widespread than microbursts, often extending over tens of kilometers.
Gust fronts can trigger new thunderstorms miles away.
Gust fronts colliding from two storms can even create new storms.
Gust fronts create low-level wind shear which can be hazardous to planes when they takeoff or land.
Many gust locks have a big red plate that hangs down to cover the ignition and master switch.
Gusts of wind are so strong the canoe literally flies down the river.
Gusts of wind blow out the trees.
Gusts of wind blow the trees, Their trunks bend and lean.
Gusts of wind continue.
Gusts of wind shake the pines in the yard.
Gusts of wind swirl the leaves.
A gust is wind
Gust isa wind.
Gusts are especially strong on clear, sunny days.
Gusts are strong in the winter and weak in the summer.
Gusts are wind.
Gusts batter our aerie.
Gusts can be significant especially in springtime.
Gusts can reach speeds up to seven hundred kilometers per hour.
Gusts peak at over fifty miles an hour.
Gusts retort, attacking the muddled head of black and blonde.
Gusts ripple the water on the ground.
Gusts seep beneath the windows and doors.
Gusts seep through tin, making the thin music the men live by.
Gusts whip through the clay-colored landscape as it bakes under the intense Middle Eastern sun.
Gusts whistle the melody of fading youth, as the weathered vane turns northward.
Every gust seems to mask the sound of deer movement.
Some gusts associate with thunderstorms.
Some gusts cause contamination problems.
Some gusts cause problems.
Most Gustavus courses require writing.
Gustavus students are a lot more responsible than they have been given credit for.
A gusto is enjoyment
A gusto is enthusiasm
Gusto is truly a turn-key program.
Gusty wind accompanies cold weather.
Gusty wind accompanies weather.
Most gut bacteria are harmless types, and they can even provide essential nutrients to the host.
Most gut bacteria cause infection.
Most gut bacteria cause wind infection.
Most gut bacteria play essential roles.
Most gut bacteria play roles.
Some gut bacteria have fibre.
Gut bacteria cause infection.
Gut bacteria cause wind infection.
Gut bacteria digest nutrients.
Gut bacteria play essential roles.
Gut bacteria play roles.
A gut is an organ
Gut isa organ.
Guts absorb food.
Guts absorb nutrients.
Guts absorb raw food.
Guts have (part) corpi.
Guts have (part) lobes.
Guts have functions.
Guts highly trained men and women are in top physical shape and maintain intellectual discipline.
Guts move via smooth muscles.
Guts produce enzymes.
Guts serve functions.
Guts serve similar functions.
More gut feel than anything else.
Most guts absorb food.
Most guts absorb nutrients.
Most guts absorb raw food.
Most guts have functions.
Most guts produce enzymes.
Most guts serve functions.
Most guts serve similar functions.
Some guts are part of abdomens.
Some guts are part of bellies.
Gutenberg awards recognize distinguished professional achievement in alumni.
Gutless administrators is the problem.
Gutnish today is a seriously threatened language.
Guttate psoriasis is a rare form of psoriasis.
Guttate psoriasis is a variant that occurs predominantly in children.
A gutter is a channel
Gutter bleed available on fractional unit spreads meeting minimum depth requirements.
Gutter bleed available on spread.
Gutter isa channel.
Gutter offers letters, photos, first-hand accounts and battlefield maps.
Gutters also channel water away from the foundation.
Gutters also lap one into the other, virtually eliminating connection leaks.
Gutters are a great example.
Gutters are askew, roofs are sagging and some houses look ready to collapse.
Gutters are channels.
Gutters are conduits.
Gutters are each subdi- vided into nine longitudinal channels and one transversal channel.
Gutters are hand tools.
Gutters are jammed with pine needles.
Gutters are located in roofs.
Gutters are located in streets.
Gutters are misfortune.
Gutters are one of the last exterior building products to make the change to vinyl.
Gutters are one of the two main causes for ice dams.
Gutters are part of gable roofs.
Gutters are the components that catch the rainwater as it runs off the catchment area.
Gutters are workers.
Gutters can also be a problem.
Gutters Check for missing sections, gaps or holes and signs of leaks.
Gutters contain edges and meshes contain nodes.
Gutters even pull away from or fall off homes.
Gutters have (part) readsides.
Gutters have (part) sections.
Gutters help direct rainfall to downspouts.
Gutters is a mailing list .
Gutters is for talking about illustrating comics.
Gutters just sit up there, but they serve a very important purpose.
Gutters overflow, flooding roads and streets.
Gutters prevent damaging water from running across windows, doors, down the siding and into a house.
Most gutters come in several sizes and shapes called profiles.
Most gutters fail due to lack of property owners peridical maintenance.
Gutteral gorilla sounds.
Guttural chants intensify the jousts and fighting segments.
Guttural sounds come out.
Guy cables are part of tents.
Most guy cables are part of tents.
Guy lines are most effective when staked directly into the wind.
Guy lines can provide extra stability in inclement weather.
Guy lines using a rope and pulley system maintain net tension.
Guy ropes are part of tents.
Most guy ropes are part of tents.
Guy wire is a bracing
Guy wire is part of tents.
Guy wires minimize horizontal sway during winter gusts.
Most guy wire is part of tents.
A guy is a man
Guy aches banana.
Guy asks again.
Guy catches a pass, zips down the sidelines and into the end zone for a touchdown.
Guy curses in front of women and children.
Guy driving to work, that's perfectly normal.
Guy isa man.
Guy leans over for a kiss.
Guy learns about the cult.
Guy lectures regularly on media and intellectual property matters.
Guy lives in the heavily wooded hills of Southeast Ohio and has easy access to many types of wood.
Guy picks up the gun and head for the room.
Guy picks up the gun and heads for the room.
Guy publishes unusual books and tool plans for amateur machinists.
Guy returns from the war.
Guy screws up and loses gal's affection.
Guy sites down in a bar, asks for some peanuts.
Guy specializes in environmental and people photography.
Guy taking trips to the Bahamas, that's where it's going.
Guy talk What men talk to each other about when they're alone.
Guy travels to Europe often and chooses rooms in hotels and inns by the view outside the window.
Guy turns into a vicious assholeing monster.
Guy turns into cockroach.
Guy turns up at a circuit with a bunch of identical go-karts in the back of a truck.
Guys admit it.
Guys already have a persona that's grounded in a lot of sweat and toil to get to the Olympic level.
Guys also tend to go to the gym too frequently.
Guys also tend toward a curious quirk when making buying decisions.
Guys also use body language, but it s stricter.
Guys are a little more competitive.
Guys are afraid of rejection.
Guys are afraid to look bad.
Guys are always a step ahead in quickness and strength.
Guys are always on their phones, talking with their agents, talking with their friends.
Guys are angry.
Guys are bad.
Guys are beach volleyball professionals.
Guys are beatin' down women at an alarming rate after being 'rejected'.
Guys are big on nicknames.
Guys are bigger and stronger.
Guys are bigger, rinks are small, things happen fast.
Guys are boring.
Guys are BORN to be girl's slaves.
Guys are braces.
Guys are chicken shits.
Guys are curious.
Guys are different.
Guys are down in the dumps.
Guys are droppin like flies.
Guys are emotional.
Guys are envious of a guy in a bigger pick up truck.
Guys are equipped to do business in space.
Guys are excited about it.
Guys are excited about the new stadium.
Guys are excited, showing some emotion.
Guys are excited.
Guys are extremely slow when it comes to relationships.
Guys are funny.
Guys are glad to get the pics.
Guys are good at that.
Guys are good enough players and they score goals.
Guys are gross.
Guys are guys, and gals know their place.
Guys are guys, they're humans.
Guys are guys.
Guys are handicapped from the get go.
Guys are handsome, women are 'beautiful'.
Guys are happier than heck.
Guys are happy and relaxed and having fun.
Guys are happy for each other's success.
Guys are hard to buy for, it's true.
Guys are high-rolling gamblers on the lookout for the big game.
Guys are hungry, and they go up there battling and swinging the bats.
Guys are hungry.
Guys are in a lot better shape, and the equipment is by far better.
Guys are in a permanent state of nonreadiness.
Guys are in and out of the program very quickly.
Guys are in and out.
Guys are in the club.
Guys are in tuxes.
Guys are ineligible, sorry.
Guys are just a speed bump on the road to happiness.
Guys are just better athletes, better players.
Guys are just bigger and better.
Guys are just getting too big and too strong, the bats are too light and powerful.
Guys are just more easygoing.
Guys are kinda slow , so use BIG hints.
Guys are less likely to lounge in their boxer shorts.
Guys are like an ant on top of a truck tire.
Guys are like basketballs.
Guys are like lava lamps.
Guys are like that a lot of the time.
Guys are like that.
Guys are like toilets, They're either engaged of full of shit.
Guys are located in space shuttles.
Guys are loyal to death.
Guys are luckier.
Guys are lucky because they get to grow mustaches.
Guys are lucky to get a basic health-education class in high school or college.
Guys are means.
Guys are men.
Guys are more aggressive, they're more snappy.
Guys are more comfortable in the hardware store than in children's clothing aisles.
Guys are more comfortable with who is out there.
Guys are more computer-type people.
Guys are more confident in what they are doing out there and are working hard.
Guys are more fun to draw.
Guys are more happy with making a lot of money.
Guys are more likely to be in pictures with props such as their freshly washed cars.
Guys are more physical.
Guys are more physically fit.
Guys are most interested in taking things apart.
Guys are normally silent for the most part, walking around checking each other out.
Guys are now very comfortable, just going out there and playing basketball.
Guys are often no different with numbers.
Guys are our friends.
Guys are out here fighting and working.
Guys are out there doing their jobs.
Guys are out there fighting.
Guys are out there giving effort, doing everything they can to make it happen.
Guys are out there giving effort.
Guys are out there in the trenches, banging each other and that s tough on guys.
Guys are out there playing hurt.
Guys are out there running around, having fun, laughing, joking.
Guys are outside mostly.
Guys are part of tents.
Guys are physical with one another.
Guys are Pigs.
Guys are pleased and happy about it, but it is just a sexual event.
Guys are practical.
Guys are professional basketball players.
Guys are quicker and stronger.
Guys are ready.
Guys are really intense.
Guys are really optimistic.
Guys are really scared and they're going to react accordingly.
Guys are right out of high school and are looking for a certain routine.
Guys are scared by the emotional and financial responsibility that marriage supposedly requires.
Guys are scared now.
Guys are sexy, know how to party.
Guys are simple .
Guys are so dumb.
Guys are so full of shit.
Guys are so much easier.
Guys are so stoopid.
Guys are sort of stupid that way.
Guys are stoopid.
Guys are strange.
Guys are strangers.
Guys are stupid and insensitive.
Guys are the inferior sex.
Guys are there in position.
Guys are there making plans to get their places up in Cincinnati.
Guys are tired of being tired.
Guys are to bring chips and drinks.
Guys are too anxious at the plate.
Guys are ultra-sensitive to bad breath.
Guys are upset.
Guys are very egotistic when it comes to sex.
Guys are very frustrated.
Guys are very simple creatures.
Guys are willing to give up their bodies.
Guys are willing to sacrifice an at-bat in order for the team to score a run.
Guys are willing to sacrifice points, rebounds and minutes just to win.
Guys are worse.
Guys ask a lot of stupid questions.
Guys ask girls to dance in a group.
Guys being guys, their fun is over relatively quickly.
Guys believe and that's a big part of the game.
Guys believe sometimes more in other people's game than their own.
Guys better start doing the job.
Guys blow up in big bloody explosions and there's just blood everywhere.
Guys brag about it.
Guys break rules, they pay the price.
Guys break up double plays, and still play the game hard.
Guys bump heads.
Guys buy diesels because they are rugged and go the distance.
Guys can also have body image problems.
Guys can be immature.
Guys can be just as interested in pursuing the ideal body image as girls.
Guys can be sweet and guys can be assholes just like woman can be sweet and woman can be assholes.
Guys can be unpredictable under pressure.
Guys can call and talk to beautiful girls any time of the day or night.
Guys can call and tell their friends thye are late for the game.
Guys can do a lot to improve their looks.
Guys can do that.
Guys can fantasize about a woman that they see walking down the street.
Guys can find information on male anatomy and dealing with their specific body issues.
Guys can get really disgusting.
Guys can get tired and injuries come up a lot during that time.
Guys can hit the fastball.
Guys can hold it longer.
Guys can just touch an arm.
Guys can lose a spleen or an eye that way.
Guys can make a lot more mistakes, but they've got the athletic ability and speed to make up for it.
Guys can move from ship to ship if they happen to be in neighboring spaces.
Guys can practice and concentrate on wrestling.
Guys can read it, but it is intended for girls and their thoughts.
Guys can show an intense interest in their spiel.
Guys can t, anyway.
Guys can take care of kids, too.
Guys can truly divorce intimacy from sex.
Guys can use a day off.
Guys can walk away from childcare.
Guys can wear em with tight fit shirts for that cute boy band look.
Guys can wear just dark dress pants with a white dress shirt and a bow tie.
Guys can, and do, get off in pretty much any situation.
Guys change jobs all the time.
Guys come and go, and a club has to bring in new faces.
Guys come back the same every year.
Guys come down here mornings and evenings all year to improve their individual ergs.
Guys come in so handy sometimes.
Guys come in, all the blah, blah, blah.
Guys come off the bench, really contribute to the win.
Guys come on in here.
Guys come out of there too fast, it's congested and somebody goes down.
Guys come to meetings and say they used to scrub.
Guys come to Vegas from all over the world to attend.
Guys come up and say, Hey, great playing.
Guys declare problems.
Guys design most games, so they're geared toward guys.
Guys develop at different rates, too.
Guys develop aversions.
Guys develop hands.
Guys discuss strategies.
Guys dive down to see how low they can go.
Guys do different things.
Guys do guy stuff.
Guys do have a part in life, really a big part.
Guys do it all the time . . .
Guys do it all the time.
Guys do keep score.
Guys do strange things for girls.
Guys do stuff.
Guys do stupid shit.
Guys do that sometimes.
Guys do the same thing.
Guys do want to be here because it's a great organization and a great situation.
Guys don t like to meet other guys.
Guys drink water.
Guys drooling on the windows is probably one of the most.
Guys eat a lot too.
Guys eat calories.
Guys eat chickens.
Guys eat many calories.
Guys eat plants.
Guys eat sandwiches.
Guys eat walnuts.
Guys ejaculate in their sleep.
Guys enjoy being around each other.
Guys face it, it's a money issue.
Guys fall back to what they know.
Guys fan out from dark-blue vans.
Guys feed off.
Guys feel comfortable shopping in newsagencies.
Guys feel left out of the picture.
Guys feel like they have an even shot.
Guys feel more natural and open.
Guys fight at a party and sail through a window.
Guys fight to be a number one, two or three starter.
Guys find a variety of ways to become comfortable.
Guys find it difficult to express how they feel.
Guys fly away from discomfort as soon as possible.
Guys fool around and get a bad reputation.
Guys fool around with it, shock each other, see how high they can go.
Guys freak out when they can see a girl s interested.
Guys gain weight.
Guys get ahead by making calculated career decisions.
Guys get an opportunity.
Guys get back as soon as they can to help the team.
Guys get care.
Guys get cold and miss shots.
Guys get good stuff.
Guys get hard, girls get wet.
Guys get hiccups more often than girls.
Guys get hot meals.
Guys get hurt, guys get outplayed, guys get better, and guys get worse.
Guys get hysterical.
Guys get into several fistfights.
Guys get life.
Guys get meals.
Guys get more muscular and their voices become deeper.
Guys get more muscular, begin to grow hair on their faces, and their voices get deeper.
Guys get older.
Guys get on base and anything can happen.
Guys get on the scale in the morning, get off, then they start talking weight loss.
Guys get out.
Guys get really drunk, make ugly passes at the girls. . . .
Guys get stuff.
Guys get the attitude that, If a woman can use it, geez, anyone can use it.
Guys get tired, tires get old.
Guys get to discover the mystery of females , while girls try to put up with guys .
Guys get to first.
Guys get to stay out as late as they want.
Guys get trips.
Guys give up cheap hits all the time.
Guys go around beeping the horn and, strangely enough, women get in.
Guys go down right and left shooting with both barrels but they are just too heavily outnumbered.
Guys go down to spring training and get a nice place to live, enjoy the sunshine and work.
Guys Go for Girls .
Guys go for pants and a sport coat, and many go for tuxes.
Guys go out and get concussions, and ten minutes later, they're playing again.
Guys go out and play, they evaluate their performances and then they get better the next week.
Guys go out and work hard and battle.
Guys go out there and play hard.
Guys go see it, it's a great movie.
Guys go to bars to meet women.
Guys go to schools.
Guys graduate and move on.
Guys grasp hands.
Guys guess on that, and they end up guessing right.
Guys hang out in stands while girls perform.
Guys hang out in the toilet for hours.
Guys hang out, drink beer, and never talk about their feeling.
Guys hate a fake attitude and can smell one a mile off.
Guys hate it.
Guys hate snakes.
Guys have (part) arms.
Guys have (part) beard.
Guys have (part) body substances.
Guys have (part) cell membranes.
Guys have (part) cells.
Guys have (part) cytoplasm.
Guys have (part) heads.
Guys have (part) legs.
Guys have (part) man's bodies.
Guys have (part) necks.
Guys have (part) nuclei.
Guys have (part) personality.
Guys have (part) plasma membranes.
Guys have (part) sections.
Guys have (part) vacuoles.
Guys have a lot of pride here.
Guys have a lot of sex simply for one reason.
Guys have a radar for man haters in the same way that women can sense if a men are gay or married.
Guys have a real problem with that.
Guys have a sense of relief when they get to Maxim.
Guys have a strange 'pack mentality,' and they laugh at anything.
Guys have advantage.
Guys have all sorts of funny nicknames for their cars.
Guys have ambitions.
Guys have appetite.
Guys have artificial hips.
Guys have attention.
Guys have bad games.
Guys have calls.
Guys have conditions.
Guys have confidence in their teammates.
Guys have confidence in themselves and their teammates.
Guys have diets.
Guys have energy.
Guys have experience.
Guys have fear.
Guys have feelings too, women.
Guys have feelings too.
Guys Have Feelings Too.
Guys have global ambitions.
Guys have go nuts.
Guys have gonads.
Guys have grow strength.
Guys have heads.
Guys have heart conditions.
Guys have hips.
Guys have it a little bit easier.
Guys have it easier than ladies here.
Guys have it so much fucking easier then girls do.
Guys have it too, for the same reason they have nipples.
Guys have knee pads.
Guys have machines.
Guys have much more brotherhoods and fraternities.
Guys have no idea how impressive it is to a girl when they can speak in complete sentences.
Guys have no such benefit.
Guys have nuts.
Guys have pads.
Guys have parents.
Guys have pointy or squarish faces, girls have beautiful oval visages.
Guys have power.
Guys have power.
Guys have problems.
Guys have routine.
Guys have skills.
Guys have so much pressure on winning and getting to the tournament.
Guys have something on the tip of their penis called pre-cum.
Guys have strength.
Guys have talent.
Guys have technical advantage.
Guys have the better end of the double standard.
Guys have the catch gene.
Guys have the option of either buying a tuxedo or renting one, the much more popular option.
Guys have their numbers on their shoes and their names on their wristbands.
Guys have to be able to lock in and stop their man.
Guys have to earn playing time.
Guys have to get back into the swing of things.
Guys have to get open.
Guys have to grow up some more.
Guys have to have butterflies a little.
Guys have to learn how to finish games and, equally important, how to finish each half.
Guys have to learn to be a little more sensitive, to open themselves up a little more.
Guys have to learn to divide their time equally.
Guys have to make up their minds to play better during the second half of games.
Guys have to move their whole families.
Guys have to pick it up quickly and produce quickly.
Guys have to play.
Guys have to show some distance to prove they can be on their own.
Guys have to step up again.
Guys have to step up and do some things.
Guys have to step up and play.
Guys have to step up.
Guys have to take care of their own.
Guys have to use their sticks in a responsible way.
Guys have years.
Guys here are a little more scrappy, and a lot more feisty.
Guys here are 'real' persons expressing their own views.
Guys here are stuck.
Guys here know how to play the game.
Guys holding hands is as well.
Guys just go about their business, and have fun doing it.
Guys just go and play and finish the season.
Guys just have to start believing it.
Guys just have to think about it and they're there.
Guys just like to joke around a lot, perhaps too much for the taste of many girls.
Guys just look great waking up in the morning with their hair all messed up, scruffy or whatever.
Guys just step up for themselves and they realize what's at stake.
Guys just throw the recyclable items in the trash.
Guys just wanna have girls.
Guys keep tabs.
Guys kill people and get less time than that.
Guys know and understand where each other is going to be.
Guys know guys.
Guys know how guys think.
Guys know how to cook.
Guys know how to take care of themselves.
Guys know that women dig tons of foreplay.
Guys know the risks.
Guys know they can be aggressive, do things on the floor.
Guys know they want to fuck and just watch the game or go to sleep.
Guys know what their roles are.
Guys know what to do and they are specialized.
Guys know what to expect.
Guys know what's going on.
Guys know when that conversation is coming, and they dread it.
Guys know where other guys are.
Guys lean toward cordless drills and CD players rather than tea towels.
Guys learn about being a man from their fathers.
Guys learn what to look for, too.
Guys leave, girls leave.
Guys let's make it peaceful and funfilled.
Guys licker india winona guys roberts mages spot spot spot oliver lolita cumm et word.
Guys lie about any and everything from age, money income, background, to relationship status.
Guys lie on the ground with girls straddled over their necks or waists.
Guys like to experiment.
Guys like to joke about who they'll give their belongings to when they die.
Guys like to look good in front of their mates, so they hassle girls.
Guys like to match from head to toe, so a lot of times they'll wear the same pattern.
Guys like to pack into stadiums and yell a lot.
Guys like to play in Canada, it's a great atmosphere.
Guys like to to be the first one of the block to have something.
Guys live for that.
Guys live in the physical world.
Guys live on diets.
Guys look to magazines, movies and music videos for the promise of what they can obtain.
Guys lose pounds.
Guys love big hits.
Guys love competition.
Guys love drinking rather than eating.
Guys love 'em.
Guys love icy broads.
Guys love lesbians, and the television executives love that guys love lesbians.
Guys love natural boobs.
Guys love rabbits.
Guys love that.
Guys love to have their asses grabbed and kneaded, particularly during sex.
Guys love to play with gadgets and gizmos of any sort.
Guys love wood.
Guys make attempts.
Guys make careers.
Guys make conversations.
Guys make noise.
Guys make plays and that's what happened today.
Guys make products.
Guys making millions of dollars have to go through the same thing.
Guys marry charm.
Guys marry for bad reasons.
Guys meet girls.
Guys move up and down the ice.
Guys name their peckers.
Guys name their penises.
Guys name their penis's.
Guys need moms.
Guys never call the next day because the chocolate was so good.
Guys never do.
Guys never get petty over stupid things.
Guys never let up, never relaxed.
Guys now have several types of fleece from which to choose.
Guys now play an active part of setting up a household.
Guys only make friends with girls they want to have sex with.
Guys only use anything that's potpourri after a heavy meal.
Guys pick up from it.
Guys piss anywhere they want.
Guys place free ads.
Guys play in the minor leagues and never get to go to the majors.
Guys play pickup games continuously.
Guys play roles.
Guys playing basketball, people in a chess club, is a cult.
Guys pose for a picture.
Guys pose for pictures.
Guys possess animals.
Guys practice on things like bottles.
Guys prepare for games in different ways.
Guys produce hormones.
Guys produce puberty hormones.
Guys put pressure on their arm and their body when they're out of whack.
Guys reach maturity.
Guys reach puberty.
Guys reach sexual maturity.
Guys reach, sometimes throw elbows out.
Guys react differently to it.
Guys read magazines to learn to catch fish.
Guys realize what is at stake here, and so they are less apt to say anything.
Guys really enjoy tools.
Guys really seem to be willing to go the extra mile.
Guys really try to help each other get better.
Guys recognize that.
Guys run around on a field, bump into each other, run elsewhere.
Guys run up and down the field and throw a ball back and forth using fishing nets.
Guys say that girls play games, but they can never define exactly how.
Guys say the girls are too materialistic and gossipy.
Guys say they're seeing bucks chasing does and bucks moving around in the middle of the day.
Guys say things one week and apologize the next.
Guys scratch themselves and stare into space in fits of drooling, mouth-breathing boredom.
Guys scream out their home phone numbers.
Guys see girls.
Guys see hands.
Guys see hot girls.
Guys see it as fun.
Guys see it differently from girls, spyurkahyes from hayastansis, generation from generation.
Guys seek variety, gals dedication or so the theory goes.
Guys seem to get injured more.
Guys seem to rally.
Guys seem to think they have to impress u with how much money they make.
Guys serve purposes.
Guys set up teams.
Guys settle in for a long winter's nap when it's all warm inside.
Guys show interest.
Guys show their intensity in different ways.
Guys show up in blue jeans and tee-shirts.
Guys sit on benches.
Guys smoke to smoke.
Guys snap often on the baseball field.
Guys speed up when they're told, the officials leave, and the guys slow down again.
Guys stand around drinking coffee, giddily insulting each other.
Guys stand on one side, girls on the other.
Guys start getting changed in anticipation.
Guys start hikes.
Guys start mile hikes.
Guys step up.
Guys still dress in their tuxedos, and girls still dress in pretty formals.
Guys still tell it, almost a decade later.
Guys stop craving the boobage.
Guys sucking subway tokens out of turnstiles lead a more exciting life.
Guys surf and read web pages, by and large, because they are horny.
Guys take it as an insult.
Guys take steroids, starve themselves, and overwork their bodies.
Guys take sugar.
Guys take the time to watch.
Guys take time to develop, and after getting some experience, they can turn into good players.
Guys talk about breaking arms, legs, or whatever to be sent back.
Guys talk about girls.
Guys talk about golf cart maintenance instead of cars.
Guys talk about guys.
Guys talk about the sense of isolation they feel.
Guys talk about when they retire how they miss being in the locker room.
Guys talk shit and say they've bagged fifteen chicks, and are still virgins.
Guys tell dirty jokes, leer at busty models and more or less make fools of themselves.
Guys tell dirty jokes.
Guys tend to be more real.
Guys tend to be pretty black or white.
Guys tend to be really dumb about that stuff.
Guys tend to get mad.
Guys tend to have involvement elsewhere on their face as well.
Guys there are a lot of good search engines out there.
Guys think differently about weddings .
Guys think of sex at least once per minute.
Guys think that's the way to go.
Guys throw the ball up like it's going to the ceiling.
Guys to eat certain food.
Guys to eat food.
Guys to use equipment.
Guys too fly to dance stand against the walls.
Guys travel in packs.
Guys try explaining to their wives some athletic epiphany in the career of a stranger.
Guys try to conserve as much energy as possible.
Guys understand cars.
Guys use tender vegetables.
Guys use vegetables.
Guys use words like that in the gym all the time.
Guys wait for the other guy to make something happen instead of making it happen themselves.
Guys wake up pretty quickly.
Guys walk around, wearing towels on their heads.
Guys walk away so fast, they leave a draft.
Guys walk down halls.
Guys walk together with an arm around their buddy s waist.
Guys walk, ride bikes, loiter and sit in parked cars around the park.
Guys watch porn for arousal.
Guys wear their softball uniforms to work.
Guys wear tuxes to prom, and girls often wear gowns or really really fancy dresses.
Guys weigh pounds.
Guys welcome also.
Guys win battles.
Guys work a club.
Guys work hard and fight to the end.
Guys yell and hit to show how much they care about their partners.
Guys always apologize when they're single.
Guys always have one thing on their mind.
Guys always pay homage.
Guys always pick on someone who's different.
Guys always say that.
Guys always think that having a big dick is the ultimate thing that a girl wants.
Guys often do things they regret.
Guys often place their careers above everything else in their lives.
Guys sometimes get to pay a different price depending whether they use the cabine or urinoir.
Guys sometimes have problems talking about really important things.
Guys usually jog, pull it out, get sucked and jog on.
Guys usually wait until the week of prom to get their tuxes.
Guys usually wear sport coats.
All guys are friends, and hang out weekly.
All guys are like that.
All guys belong to the same club.
All guys bring a challenge.
All guys go for gal with long legs.
All guys have blenders.
All guys have e-mail contacts and some have links to their own sites.
All guys know the rules of the urinals.
All guys love fashion shows.
All guys love to see a natural firm set of really big tits.
All guys think about sex constantly.
All guys think of is pussy well blowjobs too.
Any guy can come in off the bench, step it up and make a difference.
Any guy can get any exemption from any law if they knew the right guy.
Any guy can make a baby.
Any guy can.
Any guy fighting school vouchers is worth going to see.
Any guy is capable of cleaning up and looking good.
Any guy knows it and now they know it.
Every guy can play ball.
Every guy comes with the spring training cliches of hype.
Every guy goes through the same teenage junk.
Every guy has a friend that is full of useless information.
Every guy has a song.
Every guy has to be able to contribute.
Every guy has to be accountable.
Every guy has to have a subwoofer.
Every guy is different.
Every guy is.
Every guy knows one, and they are a very valuable asset in the beginning stages of the dating game.
Every guy knows that.
Every guy knows the value of a good bowl of chili.
Every guy looks good in one.
Every guy love big tits, well just about every guy.
Every guy needs a gimmick.
Every guy picks it up and fills in on the offensive end.
Every guy plays a role.
Every guy wants bigger arms.
Every guy wants that opportunity with the game on the line.
Every guy works hard every week.
Many guys are complacent with just working.
Many guys are surprised to meet insomnia for the first time in mid-life.
MANY guys are uncomfortable with their size and it's usually for no reason.
Many guys deserve credit for hustling to the end.
Many guys feel intense pressure from girls in their peer group.
Many guys have a secret desire to kiss girls who wear braces.
Many guys have their little rituals.
Many guys like to use kerosene.
Many guys look at love making as some sort of chore.
Many guys pour a beer by tilting their glass to the side and pouring slowly.
Many guys question the adequacy of the size of their penis.
Many guys round shoulders forward, which takes all the stress off the pecs.
Many guys think the idea sounds great having sex and getting paid for it sounds even better.
Many guys yearn for it - secretly or overtly.
Most guys are closes to done with corn, and most are close to finishing beans.
Most guys are hungry.
Most guys are in it to get off.
MOST guys are pretty cool but some can be a little irritating, but who the hell cares.
Most guys are pretty good when they get to college.
Most guys are pretty insecure about how they look.
Most guys are sooooo easy.
Most guys are strummers.
Most guys are turtles.
Most guys are very different than women, when it comes to what they enjoy.
Most guys are.
Most guys become game wardens because they like the outdoors and fish and wildlife in general.
Most guys buying their first tractor are happier with a gas model.
Most guys can do one or the other.
Most guys can get away with making little changes in their diet.
Most guys change when they get it.
Most guys consider that adding on a few extra toppings constitutes an upscale meal.
Most guys crank up their amps, right up to ten and then that's it.
Most guys cringe when they have to pay more then ten dollars for a haircut.
Most guys declare problems.
Most guys develop aversions.
Most guys develop hands.
Most guys discuss strategies.
Most guys do guy stuff.
Most guys do one or the other.
Most guys do stuff.
Most guys do.
Most guys don t want to admit it, but they better learn how to do that thing .
Most guys drink water.
Most guys eat calories.
Most guys eat chickens.
Most guys eat many calories.
Most guys eat plants.
Most guys eat sandwiches.
Most guys eat walnuts.
Most guys eventually grow up.
Most guys expect to call names and do a lot of jawing and bluffing before they fight.
Most guys find a good balance between activity and rest.
Most guys gain weight.
Most guys get care.
Most guys get good stuff.
Most guys get hot meals.
Most guys get impatient.
Most guys get in three, four, five, or even more.
Most guys get life.
Most guys get meals.
Most guys get stuff.
Most guys get trips.
Most guys go crazy for swords.
Most guys go from being a power pitcher to being a finesse pitcher.
Most guys go on vacation.
Most guys go through the same experience.
Most guys go to schools.
Most guys grasp hands.
Most guys grip it with two or three fingers on the laces.
Most guys handle it well.
Most guys hate snakes.
Most guys have a heap of french fries on the plate, as well as one to two slices of pizza.
Most guys have a specialty.
Most guys have advantage.
Most guys have all the pitches.
Most guys have ambitions.
Most guys have an orgasm the first time.
Most guys have artificial hips.
Most guys have at it themselves.
Most guys have attention.
Most guys have calls.
Most guys have conditions.
Most guys have diets.
Most guys have energy.
Most guys have experience.
Most guys have global ambitions.
Most guys have gonads.
Most guys have grow strength.
Most guys have heads.
Most guys have heart conditions.
Most guys have hips.
Most guys have knee pads.
Most guys have machines.
Most guys have no idea what it is.
Most guys have no problems being schticky.
Most guys have nuts.
Most guys have pads.
Most guys have parents.
Most guys have power.
Most guys have problems.
Most guys have skills.
Most guys have strength.
Most guys have talent.
Most guys have technical advantage.
Most guys have to buy shoes every couple of months, cuz that crap eats through the bottoms.
Most guys have years.
Most guys jump up and start looking for the next girl that comes their way.
Most guys just get over a chick and move on.
Most guys just go out there and roll around, trying to teach themselves.
Most guys just settle in and grind out their time time that is black, endless, unrelieved monotony.
Most guys keep tabs.
Most guys know guys.
Most guys know how to get somebody to waive their rights.
Most guys know that girls, come and go.
Most guys like to then have a nap.
Most guys live on diets.
Most guys live out their entire lives having never done a cheerleader.
Most guys lose pounds.
Most guys love it.
Most guys make attempts.
Most guys make careers.
Most guys make conversations.
Most guys make noise.
Most guys make products.
Most guys meet girls.
Most guys name a boat after some girl.
Most guys own three pair of shoes at the most.
Most guys own three pairs of shoes - tops.
Most guys own three pairs of shoes topes.
Most guys own three pairs of shoes.
Most guys own two to three pairs of shoes.
Most guys play it safe and talk about strippers and golf.
Most guys play like shit.
Most guys play roles.
Most guys pose for pictures.
Most guys pose for the sheer fun of posing while others just want photos for exchanging.
Most guys possess animals.
Most guys produce hormones.
Most guys produce puberty hormones.
Most guys reach maturity.
Most guys reach puberty.
Most guys reach sexual maturity.
Most guys rely more on throat vibrato when playing amped.
Most guys say they like girls who are confident and are aware of what they want out of life.
Most guys say they want to avoid love handles at all costs.
Most guys see girls.
Most guys see hands.
Most guys see hot girls.
Most guys seem to be able to grow full-length beards effortlessly.
Most guys seem to be making the necessary efforts to reach their academic goals.
Most guys seem to give up after ten minutes or so.
Most guys seem to surf the web for girls .
Most guys serve purposes.
Most guys show interest.
Most guys shy away from women who always have kids in tow.
Most guys sit on benches.
Most guys start hikes.
Most guys start mile hikes.
Most guys struggle.
Most guys suck and blow and have to be ejected from the stage.
Most guys take it off when they run through the grout which is like sandpaper.
Most guys take sugar.
Most guys think, if they work hard enough, that they can pick up a bartender.
Most guys try and run, and that makes sense.
Most guys use it as an aftershave moisturizer.
Most guys use tender vegetables.
Most guys use their girls for attention and sex, and then they're gone.
Most guys use vegetables.
Most guys walk down halls.
Most guys wear boxers.
Most guys weigh pounds.
Most guys win battles.
Some guys always win.
Some guy comes in.
Some guy cuts someone else off in traffic.
Some guy decides to investigate the camcorder.
Some guy does a super long blunt nose slide.
Some guy has some microfilm to incriminate a powerful triad leader.
Some guy has to pick up the dictionary.
Some guy is a member of the sales group.
Some guy juggling three golf balls on the beach gathers a bigger crowd.
Some guy lights a fart.
Some guy says.
Some guy starts laughing.
Some guy throwing a steel ball ends up spinning into a wall and falling down.
Some guy uses another guy's chest as a human dartboard.
Some guy walks up the aforementioned ramp to outside stadium.
Some guys actually leave their feet on their follow-through.
Some guys also run the shower a little to reduce static.
Some guys are able to reach their penis by doing a backwards somersault and stopping in mid-roll.
Some guys are actual cooks, others are hot-dog kinds of guys.
Some guys are addicted to sports, some to their cars.
Some guys are afraid to spend a little money in the interest of promoting their business.
Some guys are afraid.
Some guys are always keen at the end of their careers.
Some guys are always the underdog.
Some guys are car fanatics, another guy's looking at a vacation home.
Some guys are different.
Some guys are double-dropping on dropshots.
Some guys are fiddlers.
Some guys are goal-scorers, some guys are checkers.
Some guys are great pilots but lousy builders, and vice-versa.
Some guys are great testers.
Some guys are great to have affairs with, but horrible people to live real life with.
Some guys are hair-resistible.
Some guys are happy with that.
Some guys are here, and so is The Game, blasted out from a billboard-sized television.
Some guys are in it only because they've been asked to or maybe because the money's a little better.
Some guys are just at the right place at the right time.
Some guys are just awkward and creepy.
Some guys are just happy to be here.
Some guys are just late bloomers.
Some guys are just more prone to get sick while others never do.
Some guys are just so eager to impress that they'll literally do anything for their date.
Some guys are just too tough for their own good.
Some guys are just weak sluts.
Some guys are like an actor for whom every single move has to be worked out.
Some guys are like that.
Some guys are like zombies.
Some guys are more fluid than others.
Some guys are more than others.
Some guys are never happy.
Some guys are never the same player after one.
Some guys are on rebounding scholarships.
Some guys are on the fringe and some guys invest in CDs.
Some guys are only able to be around when everything's going great.
Some guys are overweight and others are painfully skinny.
Some guys are perimeter players, some guys are inside players.
Some guys are quite elaborate and are stuffed with fireworks.
Some guys are real creative.
Some guys are really charming, and fun, and enthusiastic, and nice to everybody.
Some guys are singles hitters, others are power hitters, etc.
Some guys are so naive.
Some guys are sports fiends, others crave music.
Some guys are tall with a lot of surface to get pads on.
Some guys are tougher.
Some guys are tremendous athletes.
Some guys are very picky when it comes down to choosing a mate.
Some guys are waaaay into cycling.
Some guys are way uncomfortable.
Some guys are yes-men.
Some guys are.
Some guys ask backgrounds.
Some guys attain size.
Some guys attempt at educating the masses on the art of installing car stereo components.
Some guys become disappearances.
Some guys boast that they can last for hours, and they probably can.
Some guys brag that they only drink beer.
Some guys break laws.
Some guys bring course meals.
Some guys bring meals.
Some guys bring their Campers and stay right at the airport.
Some guys build rear wheels.
Some guys build wheels.
Some guys buy a refreshing solution to renew the matrix.
Some guys buy sports cars to ward off a midlife crisis.
Some guys buy their cigars by the box.
Some guys can be assholes but some guys can be caring.
Some guys can do balloon tricks.
Some guys can do that once in a while.
Some guys can do that.
Some guys can do things better than others.
Some guys can generate more clubhead speed, and produce big drives.
Some guys can go just the opposite.
Some guys can kick off pretty well.
Some guys can pass SE in one week, they know how can they did that.
Some guys can pick it up faster than others.
Some guys can really shoot it.
Some guys can skate all day and never get anything accomplished.
Some guys can t win for losing.
Some guys can write race reports in a very concise and professional manner.
Some guys catch fish.
Some guys catch large snap turtles.
Some guys catch snap turtles.
Some guys charge the mound when they get hit on the foot , for crying out loud.
Some guys collect baseball cards.
Some guys come a little, some come a lot, and age has a lot to do with the amount of ejaculate.
Some guys come from touching the prostate alone.
Some guys come home from work and wash up, And go racin' in the street.
Some guys come out of high school and are far from reaching their peak.
Some guys come out of nowhere and do evil stuff.
Some guys come there more or less looking like crumb bums.
Some guys come to grips with it early.
Some guys come up and develop instantly.
Some guys cover pans.
Some guys create barbeques.
Some guys create own rules.
Some guys create rules.
Some guys create web pages.
Some guys cut logs, snoring all night.
Some guys deal with that better than others.
Some guys dig that, though.
Some guys discover bacteria.
Some guys do a bench test. .
Some guys do a shuttle run.
Some guys do better than others, but they're all getting better and they're all quality players.
Some guys do experiments.
Some guys do get into it to attract women.
Some guys do get there early.
Some guys do harder work in training than they do in the fight.
Some guys do it and are better than others.
Some guys do ladies.
Some guys do movies.
Some guys do nothing but complain.
Some guys do nothing but that.
Some guys do unbelievable in drill work.
Some guys do.
Some guys don baseball caps or tennis caps.
Some guys drink champagne from a bottle.
Some guys drink it.
Some guys drink on the street.
Some guys drink proteins.
Some guys drive horses.
Some guys eat fruit vegetables.
Some guys eat girls.
Some guys eat rats.
Some guys eat turkeys.
Some guys eat vegetables.
Some guys embrace concepts.
Some guys encounter elephants.
Some guys enjoy group sex, or sucking several guys in an evening.
Some guys enter festivals.
Some guys even buy their girfriend pills and condoms.
Some guys even ignore women as a sign.
Some guys even quit because it was so busy.
Some guys exercise as much as four hours a day.
Some guys express interest.
Some guys feel it is their obligation to pay.
Some guys feel like big boys.
Some guys feel like boys.
Some guys feel more pressure.
Some guys fight with a chip on their shoulder.
Some guys find a man lying on the sidewalk.
Some guys find a way to pitch out of trouble.
Some guys find it very, very tough to give it up.
Some guys fish all their lives and never catch a big one.
Some guys fish only five or six spots.
Some guys focus on products.
Some guys follow elephants.
Some guys get a chance.
Some guys get all the birds.
Some guys get all the breaks.
Some guys get all the coolest assignments.
Some guys get all the cushy assignments.
Some guys get all the girls.
Some guys get all the luck.
Some guys get bitter.
Some guys get cages.
Some guys get excited and their heart rates quicken.
Some guys get horny, some dogs get horny.
Some guys get ideas.
Some guys get into relationships with younger women.
Some guys get into rooms.
Some guys get into weight rooms.
Some guys get it pretty quick.
Some guys get lead.
Some guys get lucky and they get some players who suddenly find out they can throw strikes.
Some guys get off on sexy lingerie, or nudity.
Some guys get on the same page really quick.
Some guys get out of cars.
Some guys get the big contract and just lose the desire.
Some guys get the call right away.
Some guys get to be an astronaut, others end up in a suit.
Some guys get to the big leagues and feel more pressure.
Some guys give off bad and weird vibes.
Some guys give reputations.
Some guys go for the teasing of a lap dance . . .
Some guys go nutty with it.
Some guys go on strikes.
Some guys go out there and just play the game.
Some guys go so far as to post personal ads on trees and telephone poles.
Some guys go straight from the joblines to the breadlines.
Some guys go the wrong way.
Some guys go through stages.
Some guys go through the grinder a ton of times.
Some guys go to a rock-cafes or discotheques.
Some guys go to the army.
Some guys go to the gym.
Some guys grab people.
Some guys grab surfboards and charge the shorebreak while others are happy to be skimming again.
Some guys grasp fingers.
Some guys grow up a little faster than others.
Some guys grow up faster than others.
Some guys handle losing in different ways.
Some guys hang out together afterwards.
Some guys hang the garter in their rear view mirror of their car.
Some guys have a certain level they have to be at to play.
Some guys have a face for radio.
Some guys have a female blow up doll at a bachelor party, but it's never used for anything.
Some guys have a foreskin.
Some guys have a knack for it, others really have to practise.
Some guys have a little bit of the three.
Some guys have a million dollars in inventory.
Some guys have a natural bend to their cocks.
Some guys have a rescue reflex.
Some guys have a thick torso and a solid, muscular body.
Some guys have a tremendous opportunity.
Some guys have accidents.
Some guys have all the luck, while others beg for table scraps.
Some guys have all the luck.
Some guys have bum knees that are really sore.
Some guys have cages so they tend to carry their sticks a little higher.
Some guys have cakes.
Some guys have crushes on actresses or supermodels or pop singers.
Some guys have dark patches.
Some guys have difficult time.
Some guys have grow plants.
Some guys have hair all the way around down the shaft.
Some guys have hair growing from all places and out of all places.
Some guys have harder jobs than other guys.
Some guys have healthy specimens.
Some guys have heat waves.
Some guys have hobbies, and do other extracuricular things.
Some guys have ideas.
Some guys have indoor nets or stuff like that.
Some guys have interest ideas.
Some guys have it good.
Some guys have it.
Some guys have patches.
Some guys have pistols.
Some guys have plants.
Some guys have power, some have beauty.
Some guys have snakes.
Some guys have specimens.
Some guys have such luck.
Some guys have tattoos, some have briefcases.
Some guys have the worst luck and some riders never get hurt.
Some guys have time.
Some guys have to choke it down, but then they come back and ask for more.
Some guys have to choke it down.
Some guys have to spelunk some very icky places.
Some guys have to step up and perform.
Some guys have to step up.
Some guys have to talk and talk and talk, some more in order to get themselves up for the game.
Some guys have to wait a long time.
Some guys have tremendous quickness and athleticism, and get to more balls than their counterparts.
Some guys have trouble making a good pitch from a slide-step.
Some guys have two of the three.
Some guys have unique or great bodies.
Some guys have unusual routines.
Some guys have waves.
Some guys heal very fast.
Some guys help decoys.
Some guys help pest problems.
Some guys help problems.
Some guys hit absolute bombs that get talked about for days, weeks, months, even years.
Some guys hug each other, but it is a very rare event.
Some guys invent engines.
Some guys invent locomotive engines.
Some guys involve in mysteries.
Some guys just care too much about their subjects to collaborate nicely.
Some guys just do it.
Some guys just don t get when to quit being so negative.
Some guys just don t want to race there.
Some guys just get no respect.
Some guys just give great phone and great email, but they're never able to relate in person.
Some guys just have a preference due to feel.
Some guys just have all the luck.
Some guys just have enough talent, time, energy and ego to find out how good they really are.
Some guys just have long memories.
Some guys just have the worst luck.
Some guys just haven t got it.
Some guys just know how to live.
Some guys just like to go at it slowly.
Some guys just love leather.
Some guys just love to win.
Some guys just make everything look good.
Some guys just ride for an hour and have to leave.
Some guys just stop improving or get hurt.
Some guys just take their money and go home.
Some guys keep it inside, they have operations on their stomachs.
Some guys kill prey.
Some guys kill sons.
Some guys kill trees.
Some guys knelt back down in the trench, probably praying.
Some guys know how to fix an air conditioner and others know what a fuel pump is.
Some guys know how to win games.
Some guys know they're carrying around a few extra pounds or more.
Some guys know when to quite.
Some guys laugh and one female graduate student leaves quietly from the back.
Some guys lead by example.
Some guys learn science.
Some guys let their egos get in the way.
Some guys like to be close to the tech shed.
Some guys like to go when they feel like it.
Some guys like to have their partners put their scrotum in their mouth and gently hum.
Some guys like to see their partners DO things with their feet.
Some guys like to take driving lessons and speed around a race track.
Some guys like to take the challenge on, and others run a mile.
Some guys like to use two condoms when they fuck to be extra careful.
Some guys look at that as a negative.
Some guys look awkward behind their kits.
Some guys look for best spots.
Some guys look for spots.
Some guys look good bald, and some look awful.
Some guys look good but the top half of their bodies and shoulders are dead.
Some guys look great in a cowboy hat.
Some guys look like their jerseys got stuffed with frozen ham, somehow.
Some guys look like women.
Some guys look right at home.
Some guys lose sight of their role on the ice.
Some guys lose wives.
Some guys love animals.
Some guys love their cars as much as they love their wives.
Some guys love to golf.
Some guys make beds.
Some guys make it in a short period of time.
Some guys make more money selling alcohol than they earn.
Some guys make plays.
Some guys make the big leagues right away.
Some guys make the mistake of warming up too early Then they have to get warm again.
Some guys move up to be a bishop faster than others.
Some guys never do.
Some guys never get a break.
Some guys never get a day off.
Some guys never get it.
Some guys never learn.
Some guys never make it at all.
Some guys offer products.
Some guys only get one chance.
Some guys only learn about their body parts when they are recruited into the army.
Some guys pick up crabs.
Some guys pick up deer.
Some guys pick up fish.
Some guys pick up rabbits.
Some guys pick up snakes.
Some guys pick up turkeys.
Some guys play football again.
Some guys play golf or watch sports.
Some guys play golf, some guys collect stamps.
Some guys play more and some guys have to adjust.
Some guys play that way.
Some guys play with their heads.
Some guys possess dogs.
Some guys post low elapsed times, some throw out big speeds.
Some guys prefer to describe themself with GEEK code.
Some guys probably enjoy it more than others.
Some guys provide services.
Some guys pull away the minute they get too close.
Some guys raise chickens.
Some guys raise turkeys.
Some guys read blogs.
Some guys recall veterans.
Some guys recover quickly, but some are slow.
Some guys ride animals.
Some guys ride elephants.
Some guys ride horses.
Some guys ride scooters.
Some guys run at different speeds when they are being chased.
Some guys run marathons.
Some guys sacrifice a lot more. .
Some guys say it, and some guys live it.
Some guys say that all the time.
Some guys say that they get the ball back if the kick was wide right or left.
Some guys say they set up for four.
Some guys see improvement.
Some guys see younger women as easier to control than women their own age.
Some guys seem to cut up walking up the ring steps and some never cut during their whole career.
Some guys sees it and try to stop the man who did it.
Some guys sell horses.
Some guys sell lobsters.
Some guys shave their legs.
Some guys shoot deer.
Some guys slip big spinnerbait trailer hooks over the primary hook to snare short strikers.
Some guys smoke cigars at a bachelor party.
Some guys solve problems.
Some guys spend a hundred hours a week selling real estate.
Some guys spend allot of time talking and talking like people really care what they think.
Some guys spend alot of money looking for what they want.
Some guys spend time making pacts before the race.
Some guys start asparagus.
Some guys start business.
Some guys start fights and stuff just to have something to do.
Some guys study dinosaurs.
Some guys sure have ego problems.
Some guys take a little bit longer.
Some guys take films.
Some guys take it and run with it, other guys take it and fall.
Some guys take it better than others.
Some guys take it in first gear, some guys take it in second gear.
Some guys take it more seriously than others.
Some guys take it real far and turn into anorexic chicks about it.
Some guys take it too far.
Some guys take methods.
Some guys take the easy way out.
Some guys take the hits and some deliver the hit.
Some guys take the hits and some deliver the hits.
Some guys take things slow.
Some guys take weight loss methods.
Some guys talk about raising their level of play when the Stanley Cup is up for grabs.
Some guys talk to folks before games.
Some guys tease each other.
Some guys then steal that boy's money.
Some guys think a romp in the hay is little more formal than a casual handshake.
Some guys think it's life and death.
Some guys think that they've been rejected by a girl for a date, when they never really asked.
Some guys think they're ready to take center stage before they really are.
Some guys thrive on new surroundings.
Some guys throw a heavy baseball, but some guys throw it light.
Some guys toss perfect games.
Some guys try to be macho.
Some guys try to perfect the low-post move.
Some guys understand the confrontations of the game quicker than others do.
Some guys use a card table and place a ceiling tile upside down on it.
Some guys use a latex condom when they give a guy a blow job.
Some guys use a little black book for phone numbers of their girlfriends.
Some guys use a wood glue like tite-bond because of reactions to ca's and chilli.
Some guys use steroids.
Some guys use up the whole brim.
Some guys use whip cream.
Some guys wait an entire career for their big break.
Some guys walk by and the two are discovered.
Some guys wear bras, others wear athletic supporters.
Some guys wear metal-toe shoes.
Some guys work for free just to be seen.
Some guys write awesome music.
Some guys write music.
Some guys write rules.
Guyan soils are on nearly level low stream terraces and high flood plains.
Guyana is part of Guiana.
Guyana isa thing.
Guyanese blacks comprise somewhat more than one third of the population.
More Guyanese churches are desirous of become self-supporting.
Guyed towers are the standard for simple and durable wind installations.
A guyot is a seamount
Guyots are seamounts that have built above sea level.
Guyots are seamounts with flat tops.
Guyots show evidence of having been above the surface at one time .
Guyots show evidence of having been above the surface at one time.
Guzzler isa user.
Guzzlers have (part) arms.
Guzzlers have (part) body substances.
Guzzlers have (part) cell membranes.
Guzzlers have (part) cells.
Guzzlers have (part) corpi.
Guzzlers have (part) cytoplasm.
Guzzlers have (part) heads.
Guzzlers have (part) human bodies.
Guzzlers have (part) legs.
Guzzlers have (part) material bodies.
Guzzlers have (part) necks.
Guzzlers have (part) nuclei.
Guzzlers have (part) personality.
Guzzlers have (part) plasma membranes.
Guzzlers have (part) sections.
Guzzlers have (part) vacuoles.
Guzzlers take two weeks to build with a two-man crew.
Some guzzlers use components.
Some guzzlers use quality components.
All GWTA material is used with permission.
A gym is an athletic facility
Gym isa facility.
Gyms abound with tales of such miracle modalities . . .
Gyms are also great social outlets, flirt parlors, and gossip-shops.
Gyms are areas.
Gyms are available only when the schools are open.
Gyms are better equipped.
Gyms are capable of clubs.
Gyms are great places for networking.
Gyms are in back.
Gyms are located in schools.
Gyms are only bad if people literally try to run before they can walk.
Gyms are places.
Gyms can be stuffy and crowded, even smelly.
Gyms have (part) bases.
Gyms have (part) ceilings.
Gyms have (part) floors.
Gyms have (part) locker rooms.
Gyms have (part) lockers.
Gyms have (part) room light.
Gyms have (part) sections.
Gyms have (part) walls.
Gyms have an image problem.
Gyms have many advantages, particularly for the first-time exerciser.
Gyms have many exercise stations, including aerobic options.
Gyms have pools.
Gyms have their own culture, which can be intimidating to the neophyte.
Gyms offer a variety of fitness options under one roof.
All gyms are air-conditioned.
All gyms have women only hours.
Any gym can buy new equipment, it's the staff that makes the difference.
Every gym has a different set-up, different equipment and different needs.
Every gym has different facilities to work with, and every competitor field is unique.
Every gym is different.
Many gyms are well worth the cost.
Many gyms have child care which is open while aerobics is being taught.
Many gyms have mirrors just so people can see how good they look.
Many gyms have trainers on staff to help.
Many Gyms now offer wall climbing.
Many gyms offer a wide variety of aerobic classes for participants to take .
Many gyms offer a wide variety of aerobic classes for participants to take.
Many gyms offer professional trainers for a fee.
Many gyms offer swimming, aerobics classes, and treadmills for variety.
Most gyms have a caliper.
Most gyms have a seated rowing machine that works the lats.
Most gyms have far more mushrooms than pommels horses.
Most gyms have inner and outer thigh machines, which are great.
Most gyms have machines to strengthen the hip abductors and adductors.
Most gyms have mercury vapor lights and some schools have sodium lights also.
Most gyms have no plans in place for dealing with medical emergencies, claims a new study.
Most gyms have pools.
Most gyms have their calf equipment situated next to one another.
Most gyms now have TV's installed in their aerobic training areas.
Most gyms offer a menu of group exercise classes.
Most gyms offer groupstrength training classes.
Most gyms offer memberships, single use, classes, and exclusive use for organized groups.
Most gyms offer the option of either a single lump sum payment, or monthly subscriptions.
Some gyms have a piece of equipment called an arm or upper-body ergometer.
Some gyms have great equipment but a dead atmosphere.
Some gyms have internet and e-mail access on bikes today.
Some gyms have machines specifically designed for rear delt workouts.
Some gyms offer abdominal classes only.
Some gyms offer programs that help people stick to their resolutions.
Some gyms offer winter-only memberships.
Some gyms specifically ask users to leave perfumed sprays and deodorants at home.
Gymer soils have redder B horizons.
Many gymkhana horses are good competitors into their early teens.
Gymnasium fixtures have local switching and centralized low-voltage switching.
Gymnasium floor is machine scrubbed twice weekly.
A gymnasium is an athletic facility
Gymnasiums are available in most five star hotels, together with swimming pools and tennis courts.
Gymnasiums provide an in-depth specialized general education and set higher requirments for pupils.
A gymnast is an athlete
Gymnast is extremely powerful yet incredibly easy to use.
Gymnast isa athlete.
Gymnasts also leap and jump through the open or folded rope, held by both hands.
Gymnasts also perform an event on floor.
Gymnasts are athletes.
Gymnasts are great.
Gymnasts are like no other athletes, therefore they require extra education and support.
Gymnasts are located in gyms.
Gymnasts are naturally more flexible, and swimmers usually have a remarkable lung capacity.
Gymnasts are out of school and away from their normal routines.
Gymnasts are powerful and beautiful.
Gymnasts are prone to have stress fractures in their back from the repetive activites they do.
Gymnasts are the ultimate symbols of perfection and balance.
Gymnasts are to dress in comfortable clothing such as shorts, t-sjirts or bodysuits.
Gymnasts are workers.
Gymnasts attempt two vaults, and the scores are averaged.
Gymnasts can balance on one foot while waiting in lines.
Gymnasts can compete with other gymnasts to see who can do their tricks are better .
Gymnasts can compete with other gymnasts to see who can do their tricks are better.
Gymnasts can decrease the impact force by increasing the time taken to perform the landing.
Gymnasts can sense the anxiety of the coach and begin to assume that anxiety themselves.
Gymnasts can walk of the floor and use props in their routines such as dolls or crash gear.
Gymnasts come one-day per week.
Gymnasts compete for prizes in strength, flexibility, handstand and sticking contests.
Gymnasts compete in rope, hoop, ball, clubs and ribbon events.
Gymnasts compete in the local area and perform in exhibitions.
Gymnasts complain of pain.
Gymnasts complain of wrist pain.
Gymnasts consume carbohydrate food.
Gymnasts consume carbohydrates.
Gymnasts consume food.
Gymnasts do tricks.
Gymnasts eat meals.
Gymnasts enjoy favorite food.
Gymnasts enjoy food.
Gymnasts gain momentum.
Gymnasts gain valuable experience by attending competitions throughout the year.
Gymnasts have (part) arms.
Gymnasts have (part) body substances.
Gymnasts have (part) cell membranes.
Gymnasts have (part) cells.
Gymnasts have (part) corpi.
Gymnasts have (part) cytoplasm.
Gymnasts have (part) heads.
Gymnasts have (part) human bodies.
Gymnasts have (part) legs.
Gymnasts have (part) material bodies.
Gymnasts have (part) necks.
Gymnasts have (part) nuclei.
Gymnasts have (part) personality.
Gymnasts have (part) plasma membranes.
Gymnasts have (part) sections.
Gymnasts have (part) vacuoles.
Gymnasts have a tendency to pike in the front of the swing to get their feet above the bars.
Gymnasts have amazing balance and grace, and breakdancers have awesome moves.
Gymnasts have amazing upper bodies.
Gymnasts have parents.
Gymnasts here are almost entirely dependent on corporate sponsorship.
Gymnasts hold bars.
Gymnasts learn quickly that hard work can be rewarding and fun.
Gymnasts lose lbs.
Gymnasts move from bar to bar, and routines include moves like swings, rises, and rotations.
Gymnasts need proteins.
Gymnasts perform routine.
Gymnasts practice the same routines over and over, but every performance is different.
Gymnasts qualify based on their optional scores only.
Gymnasts really are a tough breed.
Gymnasts receive bonus points for connecting higher level difficulty skills.
Gymnasts swing around each bar swinging between each and changing grip as they move from bar to bar.
Gymnasts take action, but to no avail That was the last straw.
Gymnasts take drugs to stunt their growth.
Gymnasts toss it and catch it , spin it , swing it , and roll it .
Gymnasts toss it and catch it, spin it, swing it, and roll it.
Gymnasts tumble and practice on the vault, uneven bars, mini trampoline, and balance beam.
Gymnasts use diets.
Gymnasts use the clubs to do circles , throws , swings , plus tapping .
Gymnasts use the clubs to do circles, throws, swings, plus tapping.
Gymnasts often mount the uneven bars using a springboard or a small mat.
Many gymnasts bend their arms and push on the bar when opening up for a higher position.
Many gymnasts carry gigantic gym bags.
Many gymnasts diet and attempt to lose weight to improve athletic performance.
Many gymnasts go to fast by swinging their arms back before their second leg comes down.
Many gymnasts use a sole circle transition.
Most gymnasts complain of pain.
Most gymnasts complain of wrist pain.
Most gymnasts consume food.
Most gymnasts do tricks.
Most gymnasts eat meals.
Most gymnasts enjoy favorite food.
Most gymnasts enjoy food.
Most gymnasts gain momentum.
Most gymnasts have parents.
Most gymnasts have some weak events and some strong events.
Most gymnasts hold bars.
Most gymnasts know the importance of hamstring, hip, back and shoulder flexibility.
Most gymnasts lose lbs.
Most gymnasts only get one day off from physical activity a week.
Most gymnasts perform routine.
Most gymnasts phone regularly with their parents.
Most gymnasts practice twice per day for at least three hours per session.
Most gymnasts simply grow out of their injuries.
Most gymnasts spend the same amount of time practicing weekly.
Most gymnasts tend to lean forward or reach for the ground as they go into the roll.
Most gymnasts use diets.
Some gymnasts exhibit deficits.
Some gymnasts have maturation.
Some gymnasts know from the very beginning.
Some gymnasts possess body mass.
Some gymnasts possess mass.
Some gymnasts prefer a fruit smoothie before workout.
Some gymnasts start careers.
Some gymnasts weigh more than they did in the past, but more prevention efforts are needed.
Gymnastic lessons are available for the primary age child.
Gymnastics isa sport.
Gymnic balls are terrific for playtime, gymnastics and balance conditioning exercies.
A gymnosperm is a seed plant
Gymnosperm isa spermatophyte.
Gymnosperms also grow here.
Gymnosperms also produce trees with ringed stems.
Gymnosperms are a familiar group nearly everywhere on earth.
Gymnosperms are all woody, perennial and usually have long reproductive cycles.
Gymnosperms are among the most essential plants used today.
Gymnosperms are cone bearing plants like pines, fir, and cycads .
Gymnosperms are found throughout the world.
Gymnosperms are haploid, have spiky, needle-like leaves and are softwood .
Gymnosperms are haploid, have spiky, needle-like leaves and are softwood.
Gymnosperms are Heterosporous .
Gymnosperms are heterosporous seed plants that produce naked seeds.
Gymnosperms are more varied.
Gymnosperms are non-flowering plants that reproduce new plants with seeds.
Gymnosperms are older than angiosperms on the evolutionary scale.
Gymnosperms are pine trees and other cone bearers.
Gymnosperms are plants line coniferous trees, etc.
Gymnosperms are plants that bear naked seeds.
Gymnosperms are plants that develop exposed or naked seeds.
Gymnosperms are plants that have exposed seeds set in cones.
Gymnosperms are plants that produce naked seeds.
Gymnosperms are plants.
Gymnosperms are rare, except cycads.
Gymnosperms are seed plants but their seeds are held in cones.
Gymnosperms are seed plants that have evolved cones to carry their reproductive structures.
Gymnosperms are seed plants.
Gymnosperms are seen.
Gymnosperms are sporophyte dominant.
Gymnosperms are the first seed plants.
Gymnosperms are the most ancient seed plants.
Gymnosperms are the other main group of flowering plants.
Gymnosperms are the other main group of seed-bearing plants.
Gymnosperms are the plants that are known as evergreens.
Gymnosperms are trees with seeds that develop on the surface or tip of an appendage such as a cone.
Gymnosperms are usually woody plants.
Gymnosperms are vascular plants, able to transport water internally.
Gymnosperms bear naked seeds on cones or open structures .
Gymnosperms bear naked seeds on cones or open structures.
Gymnosperms begin to diversify widely.
Gymnosperms comprise four divisions.
Gymnosperms differ from angiosperms.
Gymnosperms display no self-incompatibility, presumably because they have no style.
Gymnosperms do show incongruent reactions.
Gymnosperms germinate from seeds.
Gymnosperms grow in sand.
Gymnosperms have (part) cell membranes.
Gymnosperms have (part) cells.
Gymnosperms have (part) corpi.
Gymnosperms have (part) cytoplasm.
Gymnosperms have (part) nuclei.
Gymnosperms have (part) plasma membranes.
Gymnosperms have (part) sections.
Gymnosperms have (part) vacuoles.
Gymnosperms have characteristics.
Gymnosperms have cones.
Gymnosperms have major economic uses.
Gymnosperms have male cones and female cones.
Gymnosperms have naked seeds, and angiosperms have covered seeds.
Gymnosperms have needles.
Gymnosperms have roots.
Gymnosperms have seeds in cones.
Gymnosperms have seeds that can form without the presence of standing water.
Gymnosperms have surfaces.
Gymnosperms have tracheids, but no vessels.
Gymnosperms have vascular tissue and reproduce with seeds.
Gymnosperms have water-conserving traits, including thick cuticles.
Gymnosperms only have tracheids in their xylem, while angiosperms have both.
Gymnosperms possess true roots, stems, and leaves.
Gymnosperms produce seeds in cones.
Gymnosperms produce softwood .
Gymnosperms produce two kinds of spores.
Gymnosperms produce two types of spores, microspores and megaspores.
Gymnosperms provide several major economic uses.
Gymnosperms reproduce by means of naked, or uncovered, seeds.
Gymnosperms usually have needles that stay green throughout the year.
All gymnosperms are heterosporous.
All gymnosperms are woody plants.
All gymnosperms have cones as reproductive structures.
All gymnosperms have needle-like leaves and produce some type of resin.
All gymnosperms make seeds.
Many gymnosperms are evergreens with a wide variety of leaf structures.
Most gymnosperms are evergreen, with leaves lasting more than one growing season.
Most gymnosperms are trees.
Most gymnosperms are wind pollinated.
Most gymnosperms germinate from seeds.
Most gymnosperms grow in sand.
Most gymnosperms have characteristics.
Most gymnosperms have cones.
Most gymnosperms have needles.
Most gymnosperms have roots.
Most gymnosperms have surfaces.
Some gymnosperms are among the tallest, largest and oldest organisms in the world.
Some gymnosperms attain areas.
Some gymnosperms do drop their leaves - ginkgo, dawn redwood, and baldcypress, to name a few.
Some gymnosperms have a pollination droplet upon which pollen grains adhere.
Some gymnosperms have flowers.
Some gymnosperms have leaves.
Some gymnosperms produce gametophytes.
Some gymnosperms produce male gametophytes.
Some gymnosperms produce seeds.
Gymnospermous vegetation predominates in all terrestrial settings.
A gynaecologist is a specialist
Gynaecologists openly admit that there is no restriction on the supply of abortion.
Many gynaecologists assess the uterus and tubes during their operating sessions.
A gynandromorph is a bisexual person
Gynandromorphs are also quite common.
Gynandromorphs are common, and if each half is a different colour, the effect can be striking.
Gynecologic cancer is a study in contrasts.
Gynecologic cancer is cancer of the cervix, ovaries, uterus, fallopian tubes, vagina or vulva.
Gynecologic cancer refers to all cancers of the female genital tract.
Gynecologic cancer refers to any malignancy arising in a woman's reproductive organs .
Gynecologic cancers are cancers of a woman's reproductive organs.
Gynecologic cancers are the fourth most common cancers in American women today.
Gynecologic Cancers Learn all about the cancers that affect women exclusively.
Gynecologic cancers receive less media coverage but are no less of a threat.
Gynecologic disease is a consideration in sexually active females at any age.
Gynecologic surgeries can be very painful and disfiguring.
Gynecological cancer is cancer that afflicts the reproductive organs of a woman.
Gynecological cancers are a major concern.
Gynecological cancers are cancers located in a woman's pelvis or reproductive system.
Gynecological examinations are also available, by appointment, for female students.
Gynecological services are also available by appointment.
Gynecological services are also available.
Gynecological services are an integral part of a quality health program for women.
Gynecological services are available by appointment.
Gynecological services are in integral part of a quality health program for women.
Most gynecological services are available free to eligible women.
Gynecological sonograms are available at our Orange office only.
A gynecologist is a specialist
Gynecologists are doctors and therefore have the duties of such.
Gynecologists are doctors.
Gynecologists are physicians who have completed advanced training in female reproductive disorders.
Gynecologists are specialists.
Gynecologists are the only place that many women get any health information.
Gynecologists deal with disorders and diseases of the female reproductive tract.
Gynecologists diagnose and treat diseases and disorders of the female reproductive system.
Gynecologists diagnose and treat medical problems of women.
Gynecologists generally prescribe the lowest amount of hormone needed to prevent pregnancy.
Gynecologists prevent and treat disorders of the female reproductive system.
Gynecologists use laparoscopy to treat a variety of female health problems.
Many gynecologists often serve as the primary care physician for their patients.
Many gynecologists are also obstetricians who care for pregnant women and deliver their babies.
Many gynecologists are comfortable managing hirsutism.
Most gynecologists perform a digital rectal examination during a pelvic evaluation.
Some gynecologists also practice obstetrics .
Some gynecologists do primary care , but for women only .
Some gynecologists do primary care, but for women only.
Some gynecologists recommend hysterectomy to remove any fibroids.
Some gynecologists routinely recommend taking testosterone.
A gynecology is medicine
Gynecologies are medicine.
Gynecology involves examination, diagnosis and treatment of women's health related problems.
Gynecology refers to the care and treatment of the female reproductive system.
Gynodioecious populations consist of separate hermaphrodite and female individuals.
Gynoecious plants can be more productive because every blossom has the potential to fruit.
Gynoecious plants express female flowers for an all-female phenotype.
Gypsiferous soils can be productive and managed profitably if they are first studied properly.
Gypsum blocks are essentially the least expensive method of soil moisture measurement.
Gypsum blocks are one type of resistance block.
Gypsum blocks are used like concrete blocks in building construction.
Gypsum board walls have advantage.
Some gypsum boards contain air.
Some gypsum boards have density.
Some gypsum boards have excellent strength properties.
Some gypsum boards have properties.
Some gypsum boards support growth.
Gypsum concrete is poured in place over, and is reinforced with galvanized steel mesh.
Gypsum wallboard is present on the interior side of most residential construction.
A gypsum is a mineral
A gypsum is calcium sulfate
Gypsum allows more efficient use of water by reducing run-off and evaporative losses.
Gypsum increases salt levels.
Gypsum isa mineral.
Gypsum isa salt.
Gypsum loosens the soil allowing penetration of air and water, making the soil friable.
Gypsum occurs along some of the cleats.
Gypsum occurs as few or common nests and crystals in most pedons.
Gypsum occurs as micro crystals.
Gypsum occurs as micro -xls.
Gypsum occurs in many different mineralogical forms depending on the degree of hydration.
Gypsum occurs in sedimentary rocks primarily.
Gypsum works best when incorporated into the soil but it can be broadcast on the turf.
Gypsum works best when incorporated into the soil, but it can be broadcast on the surface.
Gypsum works best when worked into the soil, but it can be broadcast on the surface.
Gypsum works in the same way as lime, but without raising the pH and making the soil more alkaline.
Gypsums are minerals.
Gypsums have benefits.
Gypsums have differences.
Most gypsum is used in the building and agricultural industries.
Most gypsums have benefits.
Most gypsums have differences.
Much gypsum is used as a retarder for Portland cement and as a bed for polishing plate glass.
Some gypsums have components.
Some gypsums have crush strength.
Some gypsums have mineral components.
Some gypsums have particle size.
Some gypsums have size.
Some gypsums have strength.
Gypsy broccoli is an ideal broccoli for warmer climates.
Gypsy culture is one of patriarchal families, sometimes clans, but never a nation.
Gypsy demons haunt no more.
Gypsy dwellings are very weak.
Gypsy leaders say the accusations against their people are exaggerated.
A gypsy moth is a moth
Gypsy moth can be an annoying pest in urban forests, especially during the caterpillar stage.
Gypsy moth poses a significant threat to gambel oak and aspen.
Gypsy moth spends four to six weeks in the larval stage.
Gypsy moth spends the winter in the egg stage.
Gypsy moths appear to dislike ashes, sycamores, butternuts, black walnuts, dogwoods and balsams.
Gypsy moths are a major problem to homeowners and to Virginia's forests.
Gypsy moths are an introduced species to the United States.
Gypsy moths are films.
Gypsy moths are insects.
Gypsy moths are less picky, feeding off pines, oak, maple, or other woods.
Gypsy moths are moths.
Gypsy moths are notorious hitchhikers.
Gypsy moths are on the increase in many parts of the country.
Gypsy moths are pests.
Gypsy moths are small and insignificant looking, but they are powerful insects.
Gypsy moths are the most important defoliators of hardwood trees and shrubs in the United States.
Gypsy moths are very destructive pests, especially to hardwood forests in the eastern United States.
Gypsy moths are voracious defoliators of a wide variety of broadleaf trees and shrubs.
Gypsy moths can also feed on apple , alder, birch , poplar and willow trees.
Gypsy moths can also feed on apple, alder, birch, poplar and willow trees.
Gypsy moths can also have detrimental effects on the ecology of forests.
Gypsy moths can be incredibly mobile, even as caterpillars.
Gypsy moths can defoliate large areas of forest, preferring oak and aspen stands.
Gypsy moths can fly, even though they spend most of their lives in the same tree.
Gypsy moths destroy millions of trees annually in other areas of the country.
Gypsy moths eat leaves from trees.
Gypsy moths favor oaks, which are relatively scarce here.
Gypsy moths have several diseases, caused by bacteria, fungi, or a virus.
Gypsy moths move into new areas either naturally or by hitching a ride on equipment or materials.
Gypsy moths occur in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Gypsy moths produce only one generation each year.
Gypsy music is similar.
Gypsy organizations have a healthy web presence.
A gypsy is a laborer
Gypsies are a despised and neglected minority in all of eastern Europe.
Gypsies are a people of different ethnic groups without a formalized religion.
Gypsies are about workmanship and song.
Gypsies are first targeted population to be forbidden to attend school.
Gypsies are healthier.
Gypsies are particularly prone to crime, the assumption goes.
Gypsies are the sort of people who can to anything.
Gypsies are to be arrested and fined or imprisoned.
Gypsies are workers.
Gypsies are, on the whole, against organ donation.
Gypsies believe that one year after a person dies, the soul retraces it steps.
Gypsies belong to our race anyway.
Gypsies carry another victim on an improvised stretcher.
Gypsies dance a solemn, suffering flamenco.
Gypsies dance in the sunshine, And the river's daughter sings.
Gypsies don t have good conditions.
Gypsies exert a strong influence on mainstream popular music of Turkey.
Gypsies get extremely drunk during a funeral wake.
Gypsies go through lots of tables.
Gypsies have yet to establish an obvious presence on the web.
Gypsies live throughout Hungary, although their distribution by area varies.
Gypsies remain largely removed from political life.
Gypsies share common folk beliefs about the afterlife and tend to be opposed to donation.
Gypsies still pester while confrontations with locals occur sporadically.
Gypsies still travel a great deal, mainly between France, Italy, and Germany.
Gypsies use the pendulum quite a lot.
Gypsy looks happier.
Gypsy looks on, duly unimpressed.
Gypsies often say, that they are discriminated.
Gypsies usually stay near to towns and cities.
Most Gypsies are poor, and they are the underclass of Eastern Europe.
Most Gypsies speak the language of the people among whom they live.
Some Gypsies prefer to maintain their isolated way of life.
Some gypsies rob some passing carriages.
Gyrate atrophy is an autosomal recessive disease.
A gyre is a round shape
Gyres are circular movements of water that are driven by the subtropical high pressure cells.
Gyres are large, slowly rotating oceanic whirlpools, driven by global winds and ocean currents.
Gyres cause cold currents off west coasts, warm currents off east coasts.
A gyrfalcon is a falcon
Gyrfalcons are birds.
Gyrfalcons are falcons.
Gyrfalcons are one of the few sources of adult whimbrel mortality on the breeding grounds.
Gyrfalcons are residents of the arctic and sub-arctic.
Gyrfalcons are the largest falcons and one of the fastest birds on planet Earth.
Gyrfalcons are the largest kind of falcon in the world.
Gyrfalcons are the most northerly of the falcons and reside in the Arctic Circle.
Gyrfalcons eat mostly ptarmigan, but also ground squirrels, seabirds, waterfowl, and arctic hares.
Gyrfalcons range throughout the arctic regions of North America, Greenland, Europe and Asia.
Gyrfalcons show no evidence of long-term population changes in North America.
Gyrfalcons often hunt using a fast, low flight to chase their prey.
Gyrfalcons usually spend the whole year alone or in pairs, and they appear to mate for life.
Most Gyrfalcons now flown in falconry are captive-produced birds.
A gyro is a mechanism
Gyros are food.
Gyros are loose.
Gyros are meat.
Gyros are sandwichs.
Gyros are usually the first to go.
Gyros contain slices of lamb and beef along with yogurt sauce, cucumbers and onions in a pita bread.
Gyros provide all of the flying that fixedwing ultralights promise, but never quite deliver.
All gyros welcome, and microlights too.
Most gyros have only a single axis about which they are sensitive.
Most gyros seem very ill-suited to flying with floats, but there do seem to be a few exceptions.
A gyroplane is an aircraft
Gyroplanes are more maneuverable than airplanes and can take-off and land in much shorter distances.
Gyroplanes are very interesting machines.
Gyroplanes use that same principle of autorotation that maple seeds do.
A gyroscope is a mechanism
Gyroscope isa mechanism.
Gyroscopes allow the child to understand the challenge of gravity and basic principles of physics.
Gyroscopes are also an essential part of spaceships.
Gyroscopes are disks with an axle through the centre.
Gyroscopes are like motion detectors.
Gyroscopes are mechanical devices.
Gyroscopes are necessary for flight orientation.
Gyroscopes are quite delicate electronic instruments and various things can happen.
Gyroscopes are wheels.
Gyroscopes have (part) sections.
Gyroscopes help keep rockets aimed in the right direction.
Gyroscopes measure the angular rate of rotation of a vehicle.
Gyroscopes resist attempts to change the angular position of the axis of the spin.
Gyroscopes try to keep spinning in the same direction.
Gyroscopes use rotating bodies to sense shifts in the direction of movement.
Some gyroscopes are part of frigates.
Some gyroscopes are part of ships.
Some gyroscopes are part of shipwrecks.
Some gyroscopes are part of steamers.
Some gyroscopes are part of submarines.
Some gyroscopes are part of tankers.
Gyroscopic mounts help stabilize the film image in wild seas.
Gyroscopic precession is the force that keeps the boomerang standing upright as it spins.
Gyroscopic stability is something everyone has experienced.
Gyroscopic stability is what keeps a rolling hoop from falling.
Gystrum soils have gypsic mineralogy and a cambic horizon.
H a is shown as green.
H B be a clause in P .
H band shows a clear concentration of missing aperture photometry measurements due to dead pixels.
H bonds cause water to want to stick together.
H bonds form when two strands run in opposite directions and twist into a double helix.
H c is the unknown quantity.
H chains have five chains as previously described.
H channels provide a way to aggregate B channels.
H class is all handguns including air pistols.
H e appears from nowhere.
H e appears to have done so on account of their weakness.
H e believes that attorneys do best when they are honest, honorable, succinct, able and dogged.
H e cites as proof the achievement of ex-clients.
H e clipse it.
H e comes from honourable lineage.
H e conducts selection evaluations for local fire and police departments.
H e hails from the darkest prehistory of mankind.
H e has the unenviable job of keeping wickets in the Indian cricket team.
H e has vast experience as a teacher and administrator.
H e hits it long, high and with a slight draw.
H e is a boxer.
H e is a goldsmith who reveals particular gifts in small works.
H e is a menace to other road users.
H e is a nice guy but has a bloody awful accent.
H e is a professional groomer as well as a handler.
H e is a switch hitter who has a good knowledge of the strike zone for someone so young.
H e is a unique artist, whose music is appreciated by connoisseurs all over the world.
H e is a well-known author in the United States, England, and Germany.
H e is a world class skier that added to Utahs skiing industry.
H e is active in civic and higher education organizations.
H e is active in the national storytelling movement.
H e is admitted to both the federal as well as the local bar.
H e is an award winning poet and educator.
H e is available for freelance assignments.
H e is called a guru.
H e is currently in the midst of a dilemma, though.
H e is detached work, spiritual wisdom, A nd immortality.
H e is everything for everybody, everywhere, Every time, and every way.
H e is known as one of the most famous and the best firearms inventor the world known.
H e is married with two children.
H e is One and the Only One.
H e is one of the direct precursor of impressionism.
H e is one of the great Mexican avant-garde painters.
H e is one of the world's most successful and outrageous businessmen.
H e is our principal.
H e is presently a member of the board in the students photoclub in Oslo.
H e is romantic enough to be protective and chivalrous.
H e is taken into custody by the inhabitants of the area.
H e is the author or the co-author of three hundred research or clinical papers and five books.
H e is the depth of the wind-driven layer at the eastern boundary.
H e is the First to be worshipped, without beginning.
H e is the freeman whom the truth makes free, and all are slaves beside.
H e is the goal of life.
H e is the publisher of several books in the area of small steam plant.
H E IS THE VERY face of Chinese officialdom.
H e is usually high energy.
H e is, by most accounts, the smartest man in the golf business.
H e likes fishing the siluro, a big fish.
H e lives in Iowa.
H e looks for essence beneath reality, trying to grasp the most vital lines.
H e looks like a giant mosquito with a beak.
H e organises Free to Join bike rides throughout Asia.
H e pays special attention to events or innovations that cause a change in the status quo.
H e produces landscapes, portraits and plump bathers with reddish skin and hair.
H e provides deliverance.
H e remains one of the most well-loved bit players in the checkered history of popular music.
H e returns home with few of the accoutrements of heroism.
H e rises early in the day, And works around the clock.
H e s really physically funny.
H e says that fact alone puts ten percent of counties in the state at risk.
H e says that simply being nice is the best way to go.
H E sees little prospect of early change.
H e sleeps and awakens to find it raining.
H e smiles, and reveals two bottom teeth moulded in gold.
H e specializes in fishing with artificial baits, whether it's with a fly, spoons, jigs or plastics.
H e stands so mighty and brave.
H e starts out trying to dispel the notion that men are jerks.
H e takes no delight in being shown respect.
H e tends to think that the possibility of a pandemic type crisis is very possible.
H e unmasks multiple flavors in basic ingredients with different cuts, textures and cooking styles.
H e wears a flaxen garb, a light green shulat, and red pants.
H e's already in the soup, flailing.
H file has a bunch of comments describing how to use the class.
H h is for h ippo, h andsome, h uge, h eavy, h appy, h ip, and h op.
H H Let's go to the bar .
H m drops faster.
H m Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
H O is a significant component of reactions significant to ozone production and destruction.
H r anges g llande namn med fetstil och d refter dess synonymer.
H s tudeno ig ht give.
H visas are subject to quotas.
H add , .
H adjusts the horizontal position of the picture.
H aikuis a verse that talks mainly about nature and humanity.
H alf the people in the world are below average.
H alve the pine nuts crosswise, and peel and sliver the almonds.
H andcrafted soap has little to do with commercially produced soap.
H andle all school problems scripturally.
H appeals the special appearance denial.
H ardware can also be the cause of customer woes.
H ardware requirements.
H ardware without the right software, or enough of it, does too little good.
H are homework grades.
H are isomorphic.
H are preferred.
H are red.
H are the eight strongest lines in descending order.
H arvesting seed is a tedious job.
H ave a acceptable navigation system.
H ave a balanced life that works well.
H ave a birth with as little medical intervention as possible.
H ave a business that works well.
H ave a clear heading.
H ave a general plan.
H ave a good sense of humor.
H ave a good soul winning plan and memorize it.
H ave a good summer.
H ave a good time and keep in touch.
H ave a great convention.
H ave a great day.
H ave a great hike, and please, leave no trace.
H ave a happy, humorous, harmonious, hope-filled home school.
H ave a life that is balanced.
H ave a listening ear for their problems and concerns.
H ave a look at our choice of gothic clothes accesssories jewelry shoes at diabolik.
H ave a look at our club results here .
H ave a look at our comprehensive pricing page .
H ave a look by clicking on the links.
H ave a look by region.
H ave a medical checkup before conceiving.
H ave a monetary fee to be paid by the student.
H ave a ''no running'' rule for all kids in the house.
H ave a place to keep pets under control.
H ave a plan for working with neighbors.
H ave a poster contest in support of environmentally sensitive forest management.
H ave a quiet time reading, thinking, or just browsing the shelves of our family book collection.
H ave a shower before entering the hot room.
H ave a supply of flashlights and extra batteries handy.
H ave a visual or motor impairment.
H ave a written dream - establish goals.
H ave an emergency plan for what to do when something goes wrong.
H ave an employee or a friend design the site.
H ave attractive alternatives for the nondrinker.
H ave each class proceed to a separate.
H ave extensive knowledge of various financing options.
H ave full en-suite bathrooms and closets in all bedrooms and living areas.
H ave fun and build a great web site.
H ave fun with the selection process.
H ave little knowledge or experience in business.
H ave local currency readily available for tips, taxis, drinks and meals.
H ave multiple backups of important files.
H ave patience in losing a half pound to one pound per week.
H ave surgical scars.
H ave the courage to ask for help.
H ave the helmet checked after a fall.
H ave the wheel speed up as time passes.
H ave thin, uneven, deformed, wrinkled or pale lips.
H aven is Utah's most scenic weddings and special event location.
H aving no faith is like having a nice-looking car, but no fuel.
H aving only four guestrooms allows each visitor to get to know everyone else staying at the Inn.
H aving siblings is great.
H aving someone who is able to listen and understand is extremely important for new parents.
H calls again within minutes.
H can be a vector of handles, in which case set sets the properties' values for all the objects.
H can give same label to G only if it receives same label from downstream.
H Can identify requirements for safety and usually displays responsible behaviour.
H can jump onto the couch.
H Check the header part of the message.
H climbs out.
H comes down.
H comes from the Roman alphabet.
H comes home upset.
H contains a destructive date based payload.
H contains a randomly triggered payloads.
H contains T as a minor if and only if H contains T as a subdivision.
H contains the abstract interface for creating extensions.
H contains the class declarations for the elements.
H creates a hard link to a target directory or file.
H decides to write a letter.
H declines to apply.
H denies that.
H denotes a hands-on tutorial.
H denotes a rough breathing.
H denotes father or other family head.
H denotes the external field.
H depend only weakly on the density and U .
H describes a generic extension.
H do inj'y of l.
H does have a twisted sense of humor, thats for sure.
H eadlights again.
H ear their problems.
H eart Real Doctors.
H eat a large skillet, add the oil, garlic, and pork, and saute until the pork is cooked.
H eat and more heat, with heavy record rainfalls early in the week in upper Iowa.
H eat can add to problems and force cattle to congregate in shady areas seeking relief.
H eat cycles.
H eat destroys the activity of many vitamins and enzymes.
H eat griddle to medium and grease with margarine or butter.
H eat hot enough to flow rod without the aid of the flame.
H eat is energy in transit.
H eat oil in small skillet over high heat.
H eat oil in wok.
H eat oil then add peppercorn and bay leaves.
H eat peanut oil over medium heat.
H eat some of the mushroom mixture in a microwave or saucepan until hot.
H eat stress varies with age, health and body characteristics.
H eat stroke and heat exhaustion are serious hot-weather emergencies.
H eat the butter in a heavy, large skillet over medium-low heat and lay in the figs.
H eat the chicken broth.
H eat the hot enough to flow without the aid of the flame, thoroughly tinning the surface.
H eat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat.
H eat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
H eat until it starts to flow.
H eat, sunlight and disinfectants destroy the virus.
H eating water is the second largest engery user in the home.
H ejypnh dhlwsh gia toys eleyqeroys epaggelmaties.
H elp new collectors get started.
H elping a child to behave in an acceptable manner is a necessary part of raising the child well.
H elping children and parents experience a pain-free hospital encounter.
H elping hands help everyone.
H elping local business thrive through creativity, entrepreneurship and innovation.
H enables full headers.
H ere a bonding process occurs between individuals, fully recognized and appreciated as such.
H ere comparisons with Macedonia break down.
H ere find links to other web sites that support independent art.
H ere it is all primed and ready to spray.
H ere the distribution of iron between condensed phases is shown, as a dust-enriched gas condenses.
H ere the reference to newness and effervescence of young age showcases.
H ere the righteous individual is likened to a tree planted beside life-giving water.
H ere the road ends, and the foot trail takes off to the left.
H ere the surface of a workshop and three sub-conical cores are visible.
H exases sto xrhmathsthrio kai pouziases.
H explores color by twisting, augmenting and sometimes, removing it.
H Fix loose roof tiles and properly anchor heavy roofing material on a strongly braced roof frame.
H gets a mic and starts to talk.
H gets an apartment.
H gives the amplitude of topographic high of the model.
H goes free.
H habitat The natural environment where an organism lives.
H Handle A handle is a pointer to a pointer.
H has a client.
H has many relatives and friends in the county.
H has permission to pick up OC there because h has had to take oc to the dr.
H has restrooms.
H idden inside the king cake is a plastic baby about the size of an almond.
H igh milk prices are another matter.
H igh the pueo soars looking for food.
H igh up in the sky.
H ighlights the fundamental flaws in nine world religions and fourteen major cults.
H ike the many trails through a virgin land where deer, bear and other forest creatures play.
H ike the scenic trails.
H in is the standard image histogram.
H includes records for large print and braille works, electronic texts and talking books.
H includes records for large print, braille, electronic texts and talking books.
H includes temporary workers, trainees and their dependents.
H includes temporary workers, trainees, and their dependents.
H indicate strain background.
H indicates half-year courses.
H indicates high metallic iron and L indicates low metallic iron.
H indicates horizontal and V indicates vertical polarization.
H intends to re-apply for release to a tribunal.
H intends to word the regulations to refer to the latest version of any standard criteria.
H ire a charter boat for a day of saltwater fishing.
H ire a professional Web site design service.
H is a function of the generalized coordinates and momenta of the system.
H is a health digit that indicates the health of the server.
H is a hydrogen attached to one of the electronegative atoms by a covalent bond.
H is a letter
H is a macro virus first discovered in the United States.
H is a membership.
H is a nonnegative scalar.
H is a permanent resident about to be naturalized citizen.
H is a quantity per unit volume.
H is a significant environmental weed From numerous sources.
H is a state function.
H is a strongly acidic, gelular cation exchange resin of standard bead size distribution.
H is a subformula of G .
H is a thermodynamics freak.
H is a tracer of thermal emission.
H is a very good choice.
H is a very simple macro virus.
H is alcoholic and has a tendency to be self-destructive, which of course contributed to affair.
H is all zeros for a flat structuring element.
H is also a nonmetal.
H is also member of the project management certification faculty.
H is also zero throughout the soil profile below the wetting front.
H is always well aspirated.
H is ambition took a long road to fruition.
H is an immediate constituent of G .
H is an indication horizontal movement.
H is an operator.
H is apartment was unbelievable.
H is approx.
H is areas of specialization are performance theory and theories of theatre.
H is art has been featured in countless books and magazines.
H is articles have been carried by many regional and national print and electronic media.
H is assumed to be symmetric.
H is atomic nucleuses.
H is background includes chemistry and biochemistry.
H is bases.
H is better organized than ever.
H is Birth in History.
H is capitalized and all other letters are lowercase.
H is career path turned down the road to politics.
H is clueless.
H is community involvement includes.
H is composition, caracterized by the predominence of verticals and horizontals suggests stability.
H is considered to be constant.
H is costume is an integral part of the performance.
H is debut performances have astonished audiences and critics alike.
H is defined only for a uniform gas, whereas the entropy can be defined for complex systems.
H is designed for budget-minded users who wish to get the most bang for the buck.
H is diagnosis is insomnia.
H is directly proportional to the amound of reactants.
H is Domestic policies included emphasis on energy, deregulation and environmental protection.
H is due home any minute now.
H is early education was received in country schools.
H is enthalpy.
H is equivalent to the effect of a higher density.
H is exaggerated against l for clarity.
H is experience as a judge is extensive.
H is explained in the next paragraph.
H is eyes did twinkle, though somewhat bleary, from staring at monitors, yet still quite merry.
H is face looked smug, full of confidence.
H is fair to small landlords.
H is family wagon is one example of what went wrong.
H is farthest in the future.
H is fellow officers are hurt so deep.
H is financial possessions amounted to about seven hundred dollars.
H is first works reveal a resolutely impressionist influence.
H is for . . .
H is for acting in a h eartwarming and h elpful way to others.
H is for exceptional work.
H is for extending a helping hand.
H is for H onesty, be a role setter.
H is for habits.
H is for handicrafts .
H is for happy faces, filled with love and cheer.
H is for hare.
H is for hate.
H is for hats seen everywhere.
H is for haunted house at the end of each street.
H is for h-bar .
H is for head cover .
H is for head cover.
H is for health .
H is for Hearing.
H is for heart.
H is for hearts, hugs, Hawaii, honeymoons.
H is for heat that is important on the trip.
H is for helium.
H is for help.
H is for Helpful .
H is for herbs . . .
H is for High.
H is for Highland.
H is for hippopotimous.
H is for Holidays - for celebrating old traditions, and creating new ones.
H is for holly with berries so red, to make into wreaths and to hang overhead.
H is for honesty.
H is for hormone.
H is for horseback riding.
H is for Hosting Having a domain name without web space is like having an address without a home.
H is for house.
H is for humor and the complete lack thereof.
H is for hydrodynamics.
H is for Hypothermia that is bad.
H is for the habits that create responsibility.
H is for the happiness that is gained from the knowledge of math.
H is for the hardness of overcoming important challenges.
H is friends ran away.
H is general character was of a quiet, inoffensive man.
H is gossips are really first class.
H is gratitude was copious and genuine.
H IS H ands and A rms .
H is handcrafted instruments offer beauty, combined with exceptional tonal quality.
H is headed straight for a divorce.
H is high blood pressure.
H is hobbies are boating, movies, travel, and writing.
H is hobbies include playing basketball, coaching youth sports and officiating bicycle races.
H is horrific jump causes a media sensation and reopens the mystery of another man's violent death.
H is husbandry.
H is hydrogen and O is oxygen.
H is identical with the distorted shape of letter A .
H is Indian or Pakistani.
H is indulgence is sought in business affaires and is often seen in stores keeping watch.
H is instructions are brief and to the point.
H is interests are drama, modern literature, literary theory, and linguistics.
H is last overseas assignment was in Bolivia, South America.
H is letters.
H is life now slipping away.
H is like an incremental copy.
H is love affair with an audience lasted for four decades.
H is main areas of expertise are contract, taxation, banking and corporate law.
H is major research interests include image and video coding, and source modeling.
H is mass independent.
H is memory is cherished in Canada more than that of all the other early missionaries.
H is Mercy endures forever.
H is mind begins to wander.
H is more closely related to Thus.
H is motives and the order of events are both obscure.
H is murals define the spaces of military installations, office building, restaurants and home.
H is navel corroded.
H is non empty.
H is normal.
H is now in prison, awaiting trial on criminal charges.
H is now up to date.
H is obviously as guilty as O is .
H is of class double .
H is only hope was to escape into the surrounding countryside.
H is pagans are lively, tolerant, and humane.
H is part of alphabets.
H is patients returned to leading normal and more fulfilled lives without the fear of broken bones.
H is positive and so q is positive for endothermic changes.
H is positive.
H is primary areas of teaching are orthopaedic physical therapy and physical therapy measurements.
H is pronounced as h in the words hand, hind, hold, etc., in English.
H is pronounced like English h, but a little harsher.
H is race is over.
H is ready to move.
H is related to the magnetic dipole density.
H is reply is printed below.
H is represented in the form where is a scalar and v is an n element vector.
H is research areas are distributed computing and parallel computing.
H is research interest is interactive multimedia instruction and learning.
H is research interests include image segmentation, computer vision and motion analysis.
H is right ankle broke down again a few months later.
H is self-assured goofiness guarantees juvenile giggles.
H is silent except in the North, where it sounds approximately as in English.
H is similarly limited.
H is sinews are mighty.
H is softly distressed plush is an appropriate milk chocolate color with contrasting nose and soles.
H is still life's transcend realism.
H is stone collection is categorised into three groups-river, sea, and mountain stones.
H is stories are just as intriguing.
H is studied in detail.
H is study is large and impressive.
H is supervisor reports escalating outbursts of unprovoked anger and rage.
H is the average heterozygosity in the population.
H is the character size of the title.
H is the distance from the variable aperture pinhole to the illocal frame.
H is the enthalpy of the liquid.
H is the fourth of five siblings.
H is the fraction of objects in the frame that are hot at threshold T .
H is the head body.
H is the highest price of the current period.
H is the horizontal viewing angle between the two tangent lines.
H is the magnetic field and can be both an externally applied dc field or an optical magnetic field.
H is the number of turns per inch of the regulator nut.
H is the point that defines the ellipse.
H is the ratio of the volume of a segment of the reactor to the surface area.
H is the singleton extension factory residing in a process.
H is the sought point.
H is through a small narrow hallway.
H is thus the accumulating and nested term structure that appears to be causing divergence.
H is true inspiration.
H is underabundant in the CR distribution.
H is universal.
H is university contained several innovations.
H is used as an offset.
H is very negative concerning breast implants.
H is visible rising on the left side.
H is voice sounded so happy that it raised louder.
H is war record stands tall.
H is work is represented in over a thousand private and public collections worldwide.
H is works are represented in numerous public and private collections.
H is writing is blunt, earthy, and anti-heroic.
H isa definite quantity.
H ispanic A m .
H itching a ride is a dangerous practice.
H katastash ths ygeias toy einai apelpistikh.
H knows too.
H kybernhsh anamesa se symplhgades.
H kybernhsh eixe oloklhrwmenh politikh protash kai ayth egine dekth.
H kybernhsh rixnei sthn agora to fqinopwro, laika omologa.
H kybernhsh twra dexetai na syzhthsei mono meta th lhjh ths apergias twn kaqhghtwn.
H kybernhsh yposxetai meta tis antidraseis rektifie stoys foroys.
H leaves out quotation marks.
H look at fig.
H look To save time, take time to check gauge.
H looks much closer to the NI forms.
H Make a weed map of the field for use in planning for next year.
H makes lovers of books out of people who never knew books before.
H marks a v run er hverjum strokk, samt mesta mismun hita.
H marks the center of a high pressure area.
H means host unreachable, etc.
H means it is a half course.
H means position and number are both correct.
H means the destination address is a host address as distinct from a network address.
H move the cursor to the first line in the window.
H Moves the cursor to the top left corner of the screen.
H Moves the cursor to the top line of the screen.
H mta bildtyp samt bildnummerdel.
H mta inspiration och hitta nya smultronst llen n r du l ser andras reseber ttelser.
H mta p fido mail.
H Note the following features.
H ntripla twn strathgwn.
H octaves Similar to the fbm texture.
H omewares is the new fashion statement of the millennia.
H onestly represent themselves when courting a new account.
H oney A lmond .
H only shows one column.
H onor the sacred.
H orses off the track are often ill prepared for their next career.
H osting a web site is free.
H osting prices are the same for domain and sub-domain accounts.
H ousing at Mississippi State is considered an option and a privilege.
H ousing in Northwest region is more frequency occupied by owners than the average for the state.
H ousing in the Northeast region is more likely to be occupied by owners than the state average.
H ousing On-campus dormitories are available for international students.
H ow true that is.
H owes performs a careful balancing act.
H owever the explosion here was much more destructive.
H owever the study is far from being a passive observation and collection of information.
H Peopled by an energetic laity, the congregation has a active parish life .
H produce emission lines.
H produces a horizontal rule of width .
H Provides in-depth information on a variety of topics relating to animals.
H pylori eradication in patients with peptic ulcer disease.
H ranges from zero to one.
H reads comics, but that is all.
H reduces the transverse emittance blowup significantly.
H refer ncias BibTeX para todos os artigos, muitos deles on-line.
H refers to the horizontal slice sandwiched between the top and bottom sides.
H reflects the heat energy transferred between the system and surroundings.
H represents the extension half of the half-object.
H responds with a special appearance.
H rslevel An ancient Hungarian variety of grape.
H says it's over and it was a huge mistake.
H seems to be pulling away.
H seems to have never noticed.
H Serve on an interview committee for a key position.
H shmerinh eishghsh toy yp.
H shows that there are eight different possible T outcomes for the coin toss problem.
H Shows the history explorer bar.
H signifies the heliocentric coordinates.
H specifies a plot of the estimated hazard function versus time.
H stands for history.
H sten r v cker.
H sti tehtud.
H stir ttur slands - Iceland's supreme court.
H synexizomenh ptwsh anhsyxei sobara ton prwqypoyrgo.
H Take things for granted.
H tarifa ths diafqoras.
H tends to be defensive anyway.
H threatens any further development of an important, innovative cultural center in Vienna.
H treats the principles and calculations in more depth and also emphasizes analytical applications.
H unting for old bottles is like being a prospector.
H unting The best way to hunt on the island is to use one of our local guides.
H Use graphing calculators to explore problem situations and analyze data.
H Use the and tags to include quotations in a separate block on the screen.
H Use the mole ratio to write the empirical fomula.
H Use the text tool to type, select, and edit text.
H Use western-produced seed certified free of halo blight, common blight, and brown spot.
H works from home.
All H are G e.
All h is Eternal.
All h knows it.
Habari greetings are the simpler.
A haberdasher is a merchant
Some haberdashers are horse riders.
Habit formation is similar to placing eggs in an incubator.
Habit formation turns out to be an important factor of import demand.
A habit is tradition
Habit adams new media.
Habit am to either kindness when feeling spectre.
Habit applies to individuals, instinct to ancestors.
Habit breeds that priceless quality of calmness and confidence that lightens one's task.
Habit can be diagnostic for euhedral grains.
Habit consists of coat and apron.
Habit defines Reality by foreclosing possibilities.
Habit dies hard only when recognition is denied, or visible implementation is delayed.
Habit differs from disposition, as disposition is a quality easily changed.
Habit forming in humans is reflexive.
Habit governs a large number of their reactions.
Habit increases the conducting power of nerve fibres with fre- quency of excitement.
Habit isa cognition.
Habit isa knowledge.
Habit kills inspiration.
Habit meet Happiness beside some coin among a buyers.
Habit mention in few pre-owned volvos new york.
Habit persuade Despair until most opposite with one twenty.
Habit plays a role but so does type of use.
Habit runs deep.
Habit suggest above either ohio state buckeyes jackets.
Habit trains certain nerve centers.
Habits actually change the neurochemistry of the brain.
Habits affect patients.
Habits also influence responses, but habits are responses to a single, specific situation.
Habits are a parenting tool that parents can use to teach children positive behaviors.
Habits are a well oiled machine, and impulses are random outbursts.
Habits are actions without thoughts.
Habits are acts or practices that are repeated so frequently they are almost automatic.
Habits are attire.
Habits are automatic responses to events.
Habits are basic for personality structure.
Habits are behaviors one aims at, aspires to, practices.
Habits are behaviors that are performed automatically without premeditation.
Habits are both assets and liabilities.
Habits are chains that are too small to be felt until they are too strong to be broken.
Habits are Changable.
Habits are customs.
Habits are different than instincts because they are learned.
Habits are easier to maintain.
Habits are easy to change and so are patterns.
Habits are essential to the smooth running of our lives.
Habits are funny things.
Habits are great labor savors.
Habits are great organizers.
Habits are great, good ones that is.
Habits are growth.
Habits are hard to break and the untested waters make people a bit reluctant.
Habits are hard to break, but it can be done.
Habits are hard to break, so get off to a good start right from the start.
Habits are hard to break, sure.
Habits are hard to break.
Habits are hard to change.
Habits are hard to correct using conventional re-teaching methods.
Habits are hard to get rid of.
Habits are hard to overcome.
Habits are hard to predict, some changes are easy, some are unbelievably hard.
Habits are important, too.
Habits are learned behavior that can be passed down for decades.
Habits are like comfortable beds, easy to get into but difficult to get out of.
Habits are like that.
Habits are more holy than messiahs.
Habits are of hardier stuff.
Habits are one of the great enemies of creativity.
Habits are peculiar things.
Habits are powerful factors in our lives because they are consistent, often unconscious patterns.
Habits are powerful factors in our lives.
Habits are powerful.
Habits are psychologically ingrained patterns which function on a stimulus-response basis.
Habits are really acquired reflex actions.
Habits are records of recent successes.
Habits are routine patterns of behavior that tend to occur without conscious awareness.
Habits are so hard, sometimes seemingly impossible, to break.
Habits are so very, very comforting.
Habits are tenacious in the group for the same reason.
Habits are the key to lasting change in life.
Habits are tough to break.
Habits are useful things.
Habits are very difficult to control.
Habits are very difficult to correct.
Habits are very powerful, because they're actions that are repeated over and over again.
Habits are ways of behaving that become ingrained by repetition.
Habits are, after all, very hard to break.
Habits are, by their nature, unconscious.
Habits become barriers to change.
Habits become character.
Habits begin as offhanded ideas and observations.
Habits break like bombs and shake like tongues on thrones.
Habits can be a hindrance, too.
Habits can be bad, bad, bad.
Habits can be good or bad.
Habits can be helpful and positive.
Habits can be responsible for a number of problems.
Habits can be very useful.
Habits can have effects.
Habits can have impact.
Habits can have massive impact.
Habits can only limit ishan .
Habits cause problems.
Habits change life.
Habits change over decades.
Habits change over last decades.
Habits change over last several decades.
Habits change over several decades.
Habits contribute to injuries.
Habits deteriorate and the patient becomes slovenly, dirty, and incontinent.
Habits die hard after retirement.
Habits die hard, anxiety dies harder.
Habits die hard.
Habits enter when making shots while thinking about something other than the action itself.
Habits fade away slowly, just like old soldiers.
Habits Feeding occurs primarily at nioght, when animals enter shallow waters to graze.
Habits form at a pace unaltered by effort and intensity.
Habits formed in childhood are likely to carry into the adult years.
Habits formed in childhood can have a lifelong health impact.
Habits formed over long years are difficult to break.
Habits formed usually carry more impact.
Habits give the person form.
Habits govern reaction.
Habits have affects.
Habits have effects.
Habits have impact.
Habits have their dark side, too.
Habits impact health.
Habits influence growth.
Habits Inhabits larger pools, often around woody debris.
Habits involve repetition.
Habits live here, and most people operate on automatic pilot most of the time.
Habits make possible stability, uniform- ity, law, and order.
Habits make the best of servants, the worst of masters.
Habits once formed are difficult to shed.
Habits ordinarily take about six weeks to take shape and become permanent.
Habits promote health.
Habits relate to procedures.
Habits remove the thought process from the action.
Habits seem to grow out of other habits far more directly than they do out of gadgets.
Habits show seasonal variation.
Habits show variation.
Habits start as consciously made decisions, e.g. what time to get up.
Habits start as consciously made decisions, e.g., what time to get up.
Habits take time to change.
Habits tend to close eyes.
Habits too pick up.
Habits used to cope with post-traumatic stress, like alcohol use, can also cause health problems.
Habits vary as to time and demands at readout sessions on weekends.
Habits vary enormously from student to student.
Habits Walking After long association, love entrenched becomes a habit, coat-like, easy to wear.
Habits Usually nests in basements and lower portions of buildings.
All habits are man-made.
All habits gather by unseen degrees, as brooks make rivers, rivers run to seas.
Any habit requires effort to change.
Every habit shapes our character.
Many habits are easy to break.
Many habits are well-formed by the time people reach their early teens.
Most habits affect patients.
Most habits can have effects.
Most habits can have impact.
Most habits can have massive impact.
Most habits cause problems.
Most habits change life.
Most habits change over decades.
Most habits change over last decades.
Most habits change over last several decades.
Most habits change over several decades.
Most habits contribute to injuries.
Most habits govern reaction.
Most habits have affects.
Most habits have effects.
Most habits have impact.
Most habits involve repetition.
Most habits promote health.
Most habits relate to procedures.
Most habits show seasonal variation.
Most habits show variation.
Some habits account for death.
Some habits are addictive in nature.
Some habits are ancestral in nature.
Some habits are hard to break.
Some habits are helpful, such as exercise, self-disciplined eating, sugar management, etc.
Some habits are just plain hard to break.
Some habits are just too hard to kick - like changing seats at the dinner table.
Some habits are stronger than others.
Some habits begin at a young age.
Some habits bring joys.
Some habits cause conflict.
Some habits cause damage.
Some habits cause deformities.
Some habits contribute to epidemic obesity.
Some habits contribute to obesity.
Some habits create digestion.
Some habits die hard.
Some habits encourage men.
Some habits enhance ability.
Some habits exacerbate problems.
Some habits have teeth.
Some habits help chances.
Some habits help health.
Some habits impact quality.
Some habits improve chances.
Some habits improve health.
Some habits increase blood pressure.
Some habits increase intake.
Some habits increase pressure.
Some habits increase the body's production of purines.
Some habits make choices.
Some habits make good choices.
Some habits pose danger.
Some habits result in bloody diarrhea.
Some habits result in death.
Some habits result in diarrhea.
Some habits result in reductions.
Some habits save life.
A habitability is a fitness
Habitability also determines the base population growth rate for a colony at that system.
Habitability assist team visits are scheduled in the same manner as indicated above.
Habitability is a general term which connotes a level of environmental acceptability.
Habitability is a word to which students attatch significant meaning.
Habitability is an indication of environmental quality as perceived by the occupants of buildings.
Habitability is what allows a tenant to escrow rent for that purpose.
Habitability makes a place livable, like home.
Habitability varies, depending on location.
Habitable land is finite and some stress is already occurring.
Habitable planets are few and far between.
Habitable space includes living, dining, sleeping and kitchen areas.
Habitat affiliates are local, grass-roots organizations.
Habitat alteration is caused by activities.
Habitat alteration is caused by human activities.
Habitat alteration is less visible but equally severe underwater.
Habitat alteration means changing the environment so that it is less appealing to the worker ants.
Most habitat alteration is caused by activities.
Most habitat alteration is caused by human activities.
Habitat assessment is the process of evaluating the physical characteristics of a stream.
Habitat biologists play a leading role in managing and protecting wildlife, fish and their habitats.
Habitat cells are shaded by depth- brighter cells are deeper.
Habitat change is very important in tick control.
Habitat changes remain one of the principal threats.
Habitat chapters have many more duties to perform to help a family get a home to own.
Habitat characteristics affect fish assemblages on a Hawaiian coral reef.
Habitat characteristics can vary depending on subspecies and range.
Habitat complexity modifies the impact of piscivores on a coral reef fish population.
Habitat conditions affect detection.
Habitat conditions are physical and chemical variables that occur in aquatic habitat.
Habitat conditions influence the course of many wildlife diseases.
Habitat conditions meet the life cycle requirements of special status species.
Habitat connectivity is key.
Habitat conservation is a concept built on resource renewability and sustainability.
Habitat conservation is an essential element of maintaining sustainable ecosystems.
Habitat conservation is critical for protecting all hummingbird species .
Habitat conservation is needed to preserve a rich butterfly heritage.
Habitat conservation is the cornerstone of all preservation efforts.
Habitat conservation provides only a partial answer to the challenge of conserving biodiversity.
Habitat conservation requires a long-term perspective.
Habitat control is an effective rabbit population control measure.
Habitat conversion can lead directly to the extinction of species.
Habitat cover is the most important element to consider when bass fishing.
Habitat coverage is broad since the scheme receives records from all the UK's major habitats.
Habitat creations result in productivity.
Habitat damage continues to erode the productive potential of the resource.
Habitat data are useful in assessing possible pathways through which human activities affect biota.
Habitat data is collected at all nest and brood sites.
Habitat degradation can cause take through either the harm or harass pathways outlined above.
Habitat degradation can lead to changes in fish distribution.
Habitat degradation can offset the natural benefits of having a supply of cool water from springs.
Habitat degradation Diminishing water quality is a concern for all aquatic species.
Habitat degradation follows as the second most important risk factor.
Habitat degradation includes dams, river dredging, and degraded water quality.
Habitat degradation is also a cause of death in young salmon.
Habitat degradation is an important factor in the decline of many protected species and fish stocks.
Habitat degradation is greatest in lower watersheds.
Habitat degradation is now a more pressing concern for their conservation.
Habitat degradation is the greatest threat facing orcas.
Habitat degradation is the major threat to the sand cat.
Habitat degradation is the primary cause for decline.
Habitat degradation worries many environmental groups and scientists.
Habitat degradations are caused by activities.
Habitat degradations are caused by disturbances.
Habitat degradations are caused by human activities.
Habitat degradations are caused by human disturbances.
Habitat degradations lead to differences.
Habitat degradations reduce quality.
Most habitat degradations are caused by activities.
Most habitat degradations are caused by disturbances.
Most habitat degradations are caused by human activities.
Most habitat degradations are caused by human disturbances.
Habitat depletion is the destruction or reduction of a habitat.
Habitat destruction accounts for many extinctions.
Habitat destruction can also decrease the range of certain organism populations.
Habitat destruction can take many forms.
Habitat destruction comes in many forms.
Habitat destruction constitutes the main reason for their decline.
Habitat destruction continues to be the number one threat to flora and fauna in the world.
Habitat destruction destroys both food sources and nesting sites.
Habitat destruction has a devastating effect on the populations of many species.
Habitat destruction has and still is continuing on a large scale.
Habitat destruction has long term effects.
Habitat destruction is a big problem for many wildlife species, and the bald eagle is no exception.
Habitat destruction is a concern for all four gorilla subspecies.
Habitat destruction is a major threat to most natural habitats and wildlife species.
Habitat destruction is a major threat to wildfowl.
Habitat destruction is a primary cause of songbird species decline.
Habitat destruction is a problem across their central African range.
Habitat destruction is a significant threat to gopher tortoises.
Habitat destruction is also a major threat to their survival.
Habitat destruction is also a threat.
Habitat destruction is another cause of the decreasing number of tarsiers in the Philippines.
Habitat destruction is another key problem affecting black coral populations.
Habitat destruction is another major threat to biodiversity.
Habitat destruction is caused by impact.
Habitat destruction is ever on the increase as the human population expands.
Habitat destruction is identified as the primary cause for their decline.
Habitat destruction is likely the major factor affecting long-nosed bats.
Habitat destruction is mostly a consequence of agrarian conversion.
Habitat destruction is one of the leading causes for declines for all types of wildlife.
Habitat destruction is one of the leading causes of species decline today.
Habitat destruction is one of the main causes why tigers have become endangered.
Habitat destruction is one of the main threats to lemur longevity and population.
Habitat destruction is one of the main threats to macaques.
Habitat destruction is one of the major reasons of their decreasing population.
Habitat destruction is one of the most important problems facing wolves today.
Habitat destruction is one of the most serious threats to amphibian populations.
Habitat destruction is perhaps the worst of all threats to the coastal environment.
Habitat destruction is primarily due to economic and agricultural development.
Habitat destruction is probably the major threat to local populations of rubber boas.
Habitat destruction is sometimes worse than in the developing world.
Habitat destruction is the biggest threat facing red pandas today.
Habitat destruction is the greatest problem.
Habitat destruction is the greatest threat of the chimpanzee.
Habitat destruction is the greatest threat to their survival.
Habitat destruction is the key cause of biodiversity genocide.
Habitat destruction is the leading cause of species endangerment and extinction.
Habitat destruction is the leading cause pushing endangered species toward extinction.
Habitat destruction is the main reason why species disappear.
Habitat destruction is the main threat for black-faced lion tamarins.
Habitat destruction is the main threat to the lemurs but hunting also occurs.
Habitat destruction is the major threat to koalas.
Habitat destruction is the major threat.
Habitat destruction is the number one cause of species decline in Canada.
Habitat destruction is the primary cause of extinction or threat of extinction for all animals.
Habitat destruction leads to impact.
Habitat destruction leads to indirect impact.
Habitat destruction leads to indirect negative impact.
Habitat destruction leads to negative impact.
Habitat destruction poses the most significant threat to the Florida panther's survival.
Habitat destruction threatens existence.
Habitat destruction threatens survival.
Most habitat destruction is caused by impact.
Most habitat destruction leads to impact.
Most habitat destruction leads to indirect impact.
Most habitat destruction leads to indirect negative impact.
Most habitat destruction leads to negative impact.
Most habitat destruction threatens existence.
Most habitat destruction threatens survival.
Some habitat destruction is caused by agricultural expansion.
Some habitat destruction is caused by agriculture.
Some habitat destruction is caused by conversions.
Some habitat destruction is caused by expansion.
Habitat deterioration remains a major unresolved threat to dugongs in the Great Barrier Reef Region.
Habitat development includes establishing cool season grasses and warm season grasses and forbs.
Habitat display shows plant and animal life, and depicts the animals natural environment.
Habitat disruption can expose dens where mothers raise their young.
Habitat disturbance can have long-lasting effects on the environment.
Habitat disturbance is moderately above average in the U.S. and very low in Canada.
Habitat ecologists study use.
Habitat families undergo a screening process which includes a credit check.
Habitat fragmentation can be equally harmful to pollinators.
Habitat fragmentation can result from road networks in previously intact wildlife areas.
Habitat fragmentation can result in the loss of a species due to natural disturbance.
Habitat fragmentation causes area loss and creation of remnant patches.
Habitat fragmentation causes particular problems.
Habitat fragmentation causes problems.
Habitat fragmentation disrupts migratory routes.
Habitat fragmentation exacerbates problems due to habitat loss for grassland and wetland birds.
Habitat fragmentation exacerbates the problem of habitat loss for grassland and wetland birds.
Habitat fragmentation is a common ecological concern with such human activity.
Habitat fragmentation is a potentially critical factor in determining population persistence.
Habitat fragmentation is a significant threat to biodiversity worldwide.
Habitat fragmentation is often a cause of species becoming threatened or endangered .
Habitat fragmentation is one of the key problems.
Habitat fragmentation is one of the main drivers of global amphibian decline.
Habitat fragmentation is one of the major contributors to the loss of biodiversity worldwide.
Habitat fragmentation is one of the most pervasive enemies of biodiversity conservation efforts.
Habitat fragmentation is the emergence of spatial discontinuities in a biological system.
Habitat fragmentation is the landscape level of the phenomenon, and patch level process.
Habitat fragmentation is the most common form of habitat destruction.
Habitat fragmentation is the reduction in the size and dimension of a system into smaller units.
Habitat fragmentation leads to a cascade of alterations of the original forest landscape.
Habitat fragmentation occurs when human technology encroaches upon the natural habitats of animals.
Habitat fragmentation provides cats easier access to wildlife.
Most habitat fragmentation causes particular problems.
Most habitat fragmentation causes problems.
Some habitat fragmentation affects ecology.
Some habitat fragmentation is caused by agriculture.
Some habitat fragmentation leads to isolation.
Habitat generalists manage to eke out a living in a great array of environments.
Habitat homeowners are on welfare.
Habitat improvement is also vital to the successful conservation of any species.
Habitat information is supplied wherever possible.
Habitat issues fall into three general areas - water quality, physical habitat and water quantity.
Habitat loss can be extreme depending on the size of the reservoir and the local environment.
Habitat loss can take many forms.
Habitat loss caused by land clearing remains the biggest single threat to biodiversity.
Habitat loss causes even more damage than motor boats.
Habitat loss causes most extinctions today.
Habitat loss continues to be a major concern.
Habitat loss continues to be a major problem.
Habitat loss continues to be a problem throughout the woodcock's range.
Habitat loss continues to pose a major long-term problem for California condors.
Habitat loss continues to threaten whoopers, as well.
Habitat loss continues today both in terms of quantity and quality.
Habitat loss encompasses deforestation and overgrazing.
Habitat loss is a big factor.
Habitat loss is a danger to the whooping cranes.
Habitat loss is a major factor in salmon decline.
Habitat loss is a persistent threat.
Habitat loss is also a factor in their demise.
Habitat loss is also a major threat to rhinos.
Habitat loss is also a major threat to the tapir.
Habitat loss is another contributing factor in amphibian population declines.
Habitat loss is another global issue scientists and environmentalists are addressing.
Habitat loss is another important issue.
Habitat loss is another primary reason for the dodo bird extinction.
Habitat loss is another problem.
Habitat loss is another reason for the decline of the tigers.
Habitat loss is believed to be the primary problem, but there's no data supporting that conclusion.
Habitat loss is considered by some experts to be the major factor.
Habitat loss is considered to be a widespread problem.
Habitat loss is currently the most significant threat to the future of wildlife and wild places.
Habitat loss is currently their greatest threat.
Habitat loss is likely another contributing factor in Pacific Coastal population declines.
Habitat loss is likely the primary cause of all species declines in Canada.
Habitat loss is now the leading threat to wildlife in the Americas.
Habitat loss is now the major threat to the Mexican redknee tarantula.
Habitat loss is often the primary factor threatening a species' existence.
Habitat loss is one of the most familiar.
Habitat loss is one reason, but scientists believe there's more.
Habitat loss is only one of several significant threats to the tiger's survival.
Habitat loss is perhaps an even more important issue for marsh-nesting terns.
Habitat loss is perhaps the gravest threat to regional biodiversity.
Habitat loss is something that people do.
Habitat loss is still an issue, as is lead poisoning.
Habitat loss is still another threat.
Habitat loss is sure to be a contributing factor to the demise of lake sturgeon.
Habitat loss is the greatest problem facing Neotropical migratory songbirds and other wildlife.
Habitat loss is the greatest threat to most species.
Habitat loss is the greatest threat to the conservation of wild species.
Habitat loss is the greatest threat to wildlife.
Habitat loss is the largest threat to tenrec species.
Habitat loss is the leading threat to wildlife populations in California.
Habitat loss is the main threat to lemurs today, as people clear their native forests for farm land.
Habitat loss is the major cause.
Habitat loss is the major problem facing the spectacled bear.
Habitat loss is the major reason for the decrease in the bird population.
Habitat loss is the major threat to the Asian elephant.
Habitat loss is the most common cause of the decline in wildlife populations.
Habitat loss is the most immediate cause of low braya population numbers.
Habitat loss is the number one cause of extinction.
Habitat loss is the number one cause of loss of wildlife.
Habitat loss is the number one threat against wildlife today.
Habitat loss is the primary reason for species endangerment.
Habitat loss is the primary threat to the sun bear.
Habitat loss is the principal cause of species imperilment in Alabama.
Habitat loss is the silent killer.
Habitat loss is the single biggest problem.
Habitat loss is the single greatest threat to species throughout the world.
Habitat loss is the top threat to most.
Habitat loss is thought to be one cause.
Habitat loss is when humans alter natural habitats.
Habitat loss is.
Habitat loss means it's habitat is being destroyed.
Habitat loss occurs all over the world.
Habitat loss occurs in many forms.
Habitat loss poses the greatest threat to orangutan survival.
Habitat loss poses the greatest threat to species.
Habitat loss poses the greatest threat to wildlife resources.
Habitat loss poses the greatest threat to woodpeckers.
Habitat loss poses the single biggest threat to cougars in the West.
Habitat loss poses the single greatest threat to the mountain gorillas.
Habitat loss reduces the prospects of recovery of populations already depleted by hunting.
Habitat loss remains a threat in many areas.
Habitat loss remains the greatest threat to the grasshopper sparrow today.
Habitat loss threatens red-ruffed lemur populations.
Habitat loss threatens their future, as it does that of all carnivores.
Habitat losses are a major threat to biological diversity.
Habitat maintenance is paramount to the success and longevity of the cattle rancher.
Habitat management favoring bobcats is possible in areas managed for timber production.
Habitat management includes building nest boxes.
Habitat management includes developing and improving water sources.
Habitat management involves proper manipulation of commercial forestland and agricultural crops.
Habitat management involves the identification and protection of critical habitats for grizzlies.
Habitat management is encouraged on other public and private lands.
Habitat management is imperative.
Habitat management is the key to sustained wildlife numbers.
Habitat management is the science and art of changing habitat.
Habitat management plays roles.
Most habitat management plays roles.
Habitat mapping is carried out using a staged approach to maximise coverage and minimise effort.
Habitat modification can be effective.
Habitat modification causes changes in temperature, color, sediment or nutrient solubility.
Habitat modification causes changes in temperature, color, sediment, nutrient solubility.
Habitat modification enhances success.
Habitat modification is an integral aspect of ef- fectively managing voles.
Habitat modification is another important control method.
Habitat modification is considered to be the most permanent approach to tick management.
Habitat modification is often the preferred long term solution.
Habitat modification is one of the most effective strategies in reducing snail and slug populations.
Habitat modification is the key to reducing millipede populations.
Habitat mortgages are interest free and geared to the partnership family's ability to pay.
Habitat officials are delighted to find their workforce expanding, if only for two weeks.
Habitat patches show trends.
Habitat persistence is one definable component of habitat structure.
Habitat preference is similar to shovelnose.
Habitat preference is species specific.
Habitat preference tends towards drier woodlands, although it is also found in riverine habitats.
Habitat preference varies considerably with season.
Habitat preservation is one of the principal forms of conservation.
Habitat projects are underway at two schools in the Phoenix metro area.
Habitat projects can be small scale in local streams and municipalities.
Habitat protection includes protecting or promoting the natural spring-time hydrograph.
Habitat protection is clearly the road to recovery.
Habitat protection is crucial for the recovery and continued existence of the desert tortoise.
Habitat protection is essential for their survival.
Habitat protection is of the highest priority for the fisheries program.
Habitat protection is secondary.
Habitat protection is the key component of an effective approach to the protection of species.
Habitat protection is the key to the grizzly's future.
Habitat quality affects use of underpasses.
Habitat quality influences reproductive success.
Habitat quality influences success.
Habitat quality is also a concern of scientists.
Habitat quality is the result of past or present land use and varies across Mississippi.
Habitat quality remains high in wilderness areas of the north fork mainstem and Granite Creek.
Most habitat quality influences reproductive success.
Habitat reduction is one cause.
Habitat rehabilitation is a key factor, mainly in the humid forests in the highlands.
Habitat relief is much lower than on the shallow reefs.
Habitat requirements are unknown.
Habitat restoration can benefit ranchers during times of drought.
Habitat restoration is a main goal in opening up the rivers.
Habitat restoration is a priority in Prince Edward Island.
Habitat restoration is an equally important use of the federal funds.
Habitat restoration is essential for crab recovery.
Habitat restoration is the process of rehabilitating damaged or injured estuaries.
Habitat restoration is very time-consuming and very costly.
Habitat restoration Learn more about the causes of habitat loss.
Habitat selection depends on abundance of available prey.
Habitat selection predicts genetic relatedness in an alpine ungulate.
Habitat selection varies seasonally.
Habitat selection varies with season, time of day, and the sex and age to the animal.
Habitat shots are an important element as are images of indicator species.
Habitat size is unlimited.
Habitat specialists have very precise living requirements.
Habitat staff supervises the pouring of a slab.
Habitat structure determines coral reef fish assemblages at the northern tip of the Red Sea.
Habitat structure is also a crucial factor in determining habitat suitability for many species.
Habitat structure is also important.
Habitat studies seek to resolve the processes that distinguish and structure aquatic habitats.
Habitat subdivision causes changes in food web structure.
Habitat temperature is the driving variable determining the flight activity patterns of insects.
Habitat types provide habitats.
Habitat types provide important habitats.
Habitat use has important consequences for avian reproductive success and survival.
Habitat use is dependent on rail community structure.
Habitat use varies widely by region and yearly moisture conditions.
Habitat use varies with season and breeding status.
A habitat is a geographical area
Habitat acts as the banker, mortgage holder, building contractor and builder.
Habitat appreciates every donation no matter how large or small.
Habitat begins work on own house.
Habitat builds and rehabs homes for underprivileged families.
Habitat Crowned plovers are widespread over Africa.
Habitat dictates behavior.
Habitat envisions a world where everyone has a decent place to live.
Habitat features change in some areas, depending on seasonal crop growth.
Habitat invites people of all backgrounds, races and religions to build houses.
Habitat isa environment.
Habitat meadows, sunny places and roadsides.
Habitat offers hope and a way out.
Habitat reinvests mortgage payments to build more houses.
Habitat relies heavily on the support of local churches and volunteer workers.
Habitat works alongside homeowners to provide decent, low-cost housing.
Habitat works as a partnership.
Habitat works in partnership with families in crisis to construct and repair homes.
Habitat works in partnership with low income people to eliminate poverty housing.
Habitat works specifically with low and very low-income families.
Habitat works with needy people to build simple, decent, affordable houses.
Habitat works with volunteer labor to build low-income homes for the working poor.
Habitats affect abundances.
Habitats affect survival.
Habitats also serve as critical breeding and spawning grounds.
Habitats are a bit more open but the birding nonetheless can be wonderful.
Habitats are affected by environmental factors.
Habitats are areas in which different kinds of plants and animals live.
Habitats are companies.
Habitats are detailed, and information is provided for appropriate seasonal collection.
Habitats are distinguishable by specific characteristics and the organisms that survive there.
Habitats are diverse, ranging from arid to moist, wooded to open fields.
Habitats are dominated by grass.
Habitats are dominated by plants.
Habitats are dominated by vascular plants.
Habitats are dominated by vegetation.
Habitats are environments where particular plant and animal species live.
Habitats are environments.
Habitats are frequented by african wild dogs.
Habitats are frequented by dogs.
Habitats are frequented by hares.
Habitats are frequented by snowshoe hares.
Habitats are frequented by wild dogs.
Habitats are 'Home Sweet Home' for animals .
Habitats are numerous and varied, ranging from swamps and marshes to open, dry areas.
Habitats are places like swamps, marshes, ponds, parks, and lakes.
Habitats are places where an organism usually lives.
Habitats are seeps, wetlands and riparian areas associated with serpentine soils .
Habitats are smaller areas like a wood or a rocky beach.
Habitats are spacious and naturalistic with plenty of trees, bushes, watering holes and cozy dens.
Habitats are specific to a population.
Habitats are under threat all over the world.
Habitats are used by birds.
Habitats are used by nest birds.
Habitats are varied.
Habitats are very difficult to infer from the sparse fossil data that is generally available.
Habitats are very expensive and hard to do in a computer animated production.
Habitats associated with the shoreline are transgressive habitats on Long Island.
Habitats attract butterflies.
Habitats attract hummingbirds.
Habitats can be as small as a little puddle or as large as a city.
Habitats can be big areas such as oceans and forests.
Habitats can be big like a forest or they can be much smaller like a burrow.
Habitats change from season to season.
Habitats change over time.
Habitats change with the seasons.
Habitats come in all shapes and sizes, occupying the full sweep of geographical scales.
Habitats consist mostly of chaparral and pinyon-juniper woodland sites.
Habitats consist of coastal water.
Habitats consist of decompose materials.
Habitats consist of decompose plant materials.
Habitats consist of environments.
Habitats consist of materials.
Habitats consist of moist environments.
Habitats consist of mudflats and other wetlands of various sizes.
Habitats consist of pasture.
Habitats consist of plant materials.
Habitats consist of water.
Habitats consist of woodlands.
Habitats contain aquatic plants.
Habitats contain bacteria.
Habitats contain elements.
Habitats contain grass.
Habitats contain plants.
Habitats contain trees.
Habitats contain water.
Habitats cover much wider areas, providing homes for birds and people.
Habitats depend on availability.
Habitats depend on circumstances.
Habitats depend on environmental factors.
Habitats depend on factors.
Habitats depend on such factors.
Habitats dry physically as well as physiologically, e.g., slopes of mountains.
Habitats ensure survival.
Habitats exist around and above rocks, on or in water and muck and along shore into the forest.
Habitats give clues.
Habitats grow orchid plants.
Habitats grow plants.
Habitats have animals.
Habitats have areas.
Habitats have basic requirements.
Habitats have benefits.
Habitats have certain construction requirements.
Habitats have certain requirements.
Habitats have characteristics.
Habitats have clear water.
Habitats have climates.
Habitats have components.
Habitats have considerable values.
Habitats have coverage.
Habitats have diversity.
Habitats have follow characteristics.
Habitats have impact.
Habitats have landscapes.
Habitats have low shrubs.
Habitats have materials.
Habitats have nutrients.
Habitats have old trees.
Habitats have other animals.
Habitats have other small animals.
Habitats have oxygen.
Habitats have places.
Habitats have plants.
Habitats have positive benefits.
Habitats have prey.
Habitats have rainfall.
Habitats have requirements.
Habitats have shrubs.
Habitats have small animals.
Habitats have spatial coverage.
Habitats have specific physical features.
Habitats have structures.
Habitats have sufficient prey.
Habitats have temperate climates.
Habitats have trees.
Habitats have tunnels.
Habitats have values.
Habitats have vegetation.
Habitats have water.
Habitats have woody vegetation.
Habitats include arctic deserts.
Habitats include arctic regions.
Habitats include arctic tundra regions.
Habitats include areas.
Habitats include avalanche paths.
Habitats include beaches.
Habitats include cattle pasture.
Habitats include climates.
Habitats include coastal environments.
Habitats include coastal water.
Habitats include cold climates.
Habitats include communities.
Habitats include countries.
Habitats include dense grass.
Habitats include deserts.
Habitats include environments.
Habitats include estuaries.
Habitats include evergreens.
Habitats include fields.
Habitats include food.
Habitats include grain fields.
Habitats include grass.
Habitats include grassy areas.
Habitats include growth.
Habitats include harvest trees.
Habitats include high deserts.
Habitats include landscapes.
Habitats include large trees.
Habitats include mix woodlands.
Habitats include mud.
Habitats include nest trees.
Habitats include old growth.
Habitats include open grassy areas.
Habitats include open woodlands.
Habitats include pasture.
Habitats include paths.
Habitats include polar deserts.
Habitats include poor pasture.
Habitats include prairie.
Habitats include regions.
Habitats include rivers.
Habitats include routes.
Habitats include savanna.
Habitats include savannahs.
Habitats include scrub woodlands.
Habitats include sediments.
Habitats include shallow coastal water.
Habitats include shallow water.
Habitats include shelter areas.
Habitats include shrubs.
Habitats include steppe grass.
Habitats include tall grass.
Habitats include terrains.
Habitats include trees.
Habitats include tundra regions.
Habitats include vegetation.
Habitats include water.
Habitats include wet prairie.
Habitats include winter wheat fields.
Habitats include wood areas.
Habitats include wood.
Habitats include woodlands.
Habitats increase diversity.
Habitats increase survival.
Habitats lead to isolation.
Habitats may have characteristics.
Habitats may have different characteristics.
Habitats meet requirements.
Habitats need protection.
Habitats offer adequate food.
Habitats offer conditions.
Habitats offer food.
Habitats offer harsh conditions.
Habitats offer life.
Habitats offer prey.
Habitats open up for less competitive species.
Habitats overlap and influence each other.
Habitats play critical roles.
Habitats play important roles.
Habitats play key roles.
Habitats play roles.
Habitats play vital roles.
Habitats possess ants.
Habitats protected include cool temperate rainforest and sub-alpine swamps.
Habitats provide adequate food.
Habitats provide capability.
Habitats provide enough food.
Habitats provide enough rooms.
Habitats provide food sources.
Habitats provide food.
Habitats provide homes.
Habitats provide limit resources.
Habitats provide opportunity.
Habitats provide protection.
Habitats provide resources.
Habitats provide rooms.
Habitats provide shelter and food to the live organisms that live there.
Habitats provide shelter.
Habitats provide sources.
Habitats provide sustenance.
Habitats provide the environment in which animals and plants can thrive.
Habitats range from alpine to Great Basin sagebrush scrub.
Habitats range from arctic ice floes to tropical forests.
Habitats range from closed forest, through forest-swamp margins, to field edges.
Habitats range from coastal mangroves , swamps , heath , grasslands and blue gum forests .
Habitats range from coastal mangroves, swamps, heath, grasslands and blue gum forests.
Habitats range from deserts to ice packs.
Habitats range from high Andean mountains to the barren coast of southern Peru and Chile . . .
Habitats range from midtown Manhattan to country woodlots.
Habitats range from open water, to hardwoods, spruce and pine forests.
Habitats range from rocky intertidal to deep trenches.
Habitats range from slopes.
Habitats range from swamp and flood plain to dead lake bed, sandridges and forest.
Habitats range from wetlands, open water, meadows, and tundra to mountains and forests.
Habitats receive ambient light.
Habitats receive light.
Habitats receive protection.
Habitats receive sunlight.
Habitats require careful management.
Habitats require management.
Habitats require water.
Habitats requiring sediment input include coastal wetlands, lagoons, estuaries and mangroves.
Habitats seek fat food.
Habitats seek food.
Habitats show differences.
Habitats show rainy seasons.
Habitats show seasons.
Habitats show second seasons.
Habitats show variation.
Habitats support animals.
Habitats support development.
Habitats support larval development.
Habitats support life.
Habitats support mammals.
Habitats support native vegetation.
Habitats support plant life.
Habitats support plants.
Habitats support vascular plant life.
Habitats support vegetation.
Habitats supported by lakes, marshes, rivers, and creeks are suitable for herons.
Habitats There are four major habitat areas within our Zoo.
Habitats use patterns.
Habitats use technology.
Habitats vary among species as some termites require different amounts of moisture.
Habitats vary for different species of mayflies.
Habitats vary from barren desert to grassland and bushland.
Habitats vary from bottomland hardwoods to agricultural fields.
Habitats vary from semi-arid to alpine.
Habitats vary from spruce bog to open tundra, with dense underbrush along some of the major rivers.
Habitats vary widely in size from an entire forest to the intestine of a termite.
Habitats vary widely, but many species live in dry regions.
Habitats vary, including rainforests and shrublands.
Habitats often provide animals with camouflage, or places to hide from predators or prey.
Habitat usually damp.
All habitat is designed around guzzlers and year-round water sources.
All habitats have many intricately interrelated food chains, forming a food web.
Any habitat needs light.
Every habitat is worth investigating, and every bird worth looking at.
Many habitats are in trouble.
Many habitats are quite fragile.
Many habitats are within easy reach of the laboratory.
Many habitats occur around the coastline.
Many habitats vary from near-oceanic conditions to shallow esturine areas.
Most habitats affect abundances.
Most habitats affect survival.
Most habitats are dominated by grass.
Most habitats are dominated by plants.
Most habitats are dominated by vascular plants.
Most habitats are dominated by vegetation.
Most habitats are frequented by african wild dogs.
Most habitats are frequented by dogs.
Most habitats are frequented by hares.
Most habitats are frequented by snowshoe hares.
Most habitats are frequented by wild dogs.
Most habitats are used by birds.
Most habitats are used by nest birds.
Most habitats attract butterflies.
Most habitats attract hummingbirds.
Most habitats consist of coastal water.
Most habitats consist of decompose materials.
Most habitats consist of decompose plant materials.
Most habitats consist of environments.
Most habitats consist of materials.
Most habitats consist of moist environments.
Most habitats consist of pasture.
Most habitats consist of plant materials.
Most habitats consist of water.
Most habitats consist of woodlands.
Most habitats contain aquatic plants.
Most habitats contain bacteria.
Most habitats contain elements.
Most habitats contain grass.
Most habitats contain plants.
Most habitats contain trees.
Most habitats contain water.
Most habitats depend on availability.
Most habitats depend on circumstances.
Most habitats depend on environmental factors.
Most habitats depend on factors.
Most habitats depend on such factors.
Most habitats ensure survival.
Most habitats grow orchid plants.
Most habitats grow plants.
Most habitats have animals.
Most habitats have areas.
Most habitats have basic requirements.
Most habitats have benefits.
Most habitats have certain construction requirements.
Most habitats have certain requirements.
Most habitats have characteristics.
Most habitats have clear water.
Most habitats have climates.
Most habitats have components.
Most habitats have considerable values.
Most habitats have coverage.
Most habitats have diversity.
Most habitats have impact.
Most habitats have landscapes.
Most habitats have low shrubs.
Most habitats have materials.
Most habitats have nutrients.
Most habitats have old trees.
Most habitats have other animals.
Most habitats have other small animals.
Most habitats have oxygen.
Most habitats have places.
Most habitats have plants.
Most habitats have positive benefits.
Most habitats have prey.
Most habitats have rainfall.
Most habitats have requirements.
Most habitats have shrubs.
Most habitats have small animals.
Most habitats have spatial coverage.
Most habitats have structures.
Most habitats have sufficient prey.
Most habitats have temperate climates.
Most habitats have trees.
Most habitats have tunnels.
Most habitats have values.
Most habitats have vegetation.
Most habitats have water.
Most habitats have woody vegetation.
Most habitats increase diversity.
Most habitats increase survival.
Most habitats lead to isolation.
Most habitats meet requirements.
Most habitats offer adequate food.
Most habitats offer conditions.
Most habitats offer food.
Most habitats offer harsh conditions.
Most habitats offer life.
Most habitats offer prey.
Most habitats play critical roles.
Most habitats play important roles.
Most habitats play key roles.
Most habitats play roles.
Most habitats play vital roles.
Most habitats possess ants.
Most habitats provide adequate food.
Most habitats provide capability.
Most habitats provide enough food.
Most habitats provide enough rooms.
Most habitats provide food sources.
Most habitats provide food.
Most habitats provide homes.
Most habitats provide limit resources.
Most habitats provide opportunity.
Most habitats provide protection.
Most habitats provide resources.
Most habitats provide rooms.
Most habitats provide shelter.
Most habitats provide sources.
Most habitats provide sustenance.
Most habitats range from slopes.
Most habitats receive ambient light.
Most habitats receive light.
Most habitats receive protection.
Most habitats receive sunlight.
Most habitats require careful management.
Most habitats require management.
Most habitats require water.
Most habitats seek fat food.
Most habitats seek food.
Most habitats show differences.
Most habitats show rainy seasons.
Most habitats show second seasons.
Most habitats support larval development.
Most habitats support life.
Most habitats support native vegetation.
Most habitats use technology.
Some habitat continues to decline due to proximity near mining sites.
Some habitat disturbances pose problems.
Some habitat is available commercially.
Some habitats are affected by hurricanes.
Some habitats are affected by wildfires.
Some habitats are better suited than others for a particular organism.
Some habitats are clearly more susceptible to the preservation of fossils.
Some habitats are created by fire.
Some habitats are created by forest fire.
Some habitats are created by oysters.
Some habitats are dominated by acacias.
Some habitats are dominated by aspen.
Some habitats are dominated by eucalyptus trees.
Some habitats are dominated by pine.
Some habitats are dominated by quake aspen.
Some habitats are dominated by trees.
Some habitats are dominated by willows.
Some habitats are frequented by tarsiers.
Some habitats are genetic reservoirs from which seed and other materials can be obtained.
Some habitats are near creeks.
Some habitats are near ponds.
Some habitats are near sources.
Some habitats are near structures.
Some habitats are near swamp ponds.
Some habitats are near water, some are on top of mountains.
Some habitats are occupied by acacias.
Some habitats are occupied by deer.
Some habitats are occupied by desert parsleys.
Some habitats are occupied by desert tortoises.
Some habitats are occupied by farms.
Some habitats are occupied by larvae.
Some habitats are occupied by loci.
Some habitats are occupied by marmosets.
Some habitats are occupied by parsleys.
Some habitats are occupied by pygmy marmosets.
Some habitats are occupied by tortoises.
Some habitats are occupied by tuataras.
Some habitats are occupied by wombats.
Some habitats are pre-eminent on account of their advantageous position.
Some habitats are preferred by caribou.
Some habitats are preferred by deer.
Some habitats are preferred by lion tamarins.
Some habitats are preferred by mule deer.
Some habitats are preferred by tamarins.
Some habitats are species rich, while others are species poor.
Some habitats are surrounded by farms.
Some habitats are used by bowhead whales.
Some habitats are used by cottontails.
Some habitats are used by dogs.
Some habitats are used by frogs.
Some habitats are used by ibexs.
Some habitats are used by lechwes.
Some habitats are used by mammals.
Some habitats are used by marine mammals.
Some habitats are used by migratory shorebirds.
Some habitats are used by mohave grind squirrels.
Some habitats are used by owls.
Some habitats are used by prairie dogs.
Some habitats are used by pygmy owls.
Some habitats are used by rodents.
Some habitats are used by shorebirds.
Some habitats are used by squirrels.
Some habitats are used by whales.
Some habitats are used by wood frogs.
Some habitats attract bees.
Some habitats attract birds.
Some habitats attract ducks.
Some habitats attract eagles.
Some habitats attract insects.
Some habitats attract many insects.
Some habitats attract snakes.
Some habitats become homes.
Some habitats become wet woodlands.
Some habitats become woodlands.
Some habitats consist of burrows.
Some habitats consist of deciduous trees.
Some habitats consist of deserts.
Some habitats consist of fields.
Some habitats consist of grass.
Some habitats consist of grassland.
Some habitats consist of grassy fields.
Some habitats consist of gravel.
Some habitats consist of limestone.
Some habitats consist of meadows.
Some habitats consist of mosaic.
Some habitats consist of open grassland.
Some habitats consist of open grassy fields.
Some habitats consist of patches.
Some habitats consist of plentiful grass.
Some habitats consist of prairie.
Some habitats consist of sand.
Some habitats consist of savanna.
Some habitats consist of trees.
Some habitats consist of wood.
Some habitats create confusion.
Some habitats create development.
Some habitats enhance productivity.
Some habitats exist in neighborhoods.
Some habitats follow tradition.
Some habitats have a greater biodiversity than others.
Some habitats have abundances.
Some habitats have bases.
Some habitats have distribution.
Some habitats have dramatic fluctuations.
Some habitats have dramatic temperature fluctuations.
Some habitats have fluctuations.
Some habitats have food sources.
Some habitats have high abundances.
Some habitats have lids.
Some habitats have more species than others.
Some habitats have organic matter.
Some habitats have sand.
Some habitats have snow.
Some habitats have sources.
Some habitats have temperature fluctuations.
Some habitats help corn snakes.
Some habitats help scientists.
Some habitats help snakes.
Some habitats lead to expansion.
Some habitats lead to fragmentation.
Some habitats lead to range expansion.
Some habitats lead to specialization.
Some habitats prevent extinction.
Some habitats produce crops.
Some habitats produce fawn crops.
Some habitats provide coastal fisheries.
Some habitats provide enough sunlight.
Some habitats provide fisheries.
Some habitats provide hideouts.
Some habitats provide high quality seafood.
Some habitats provide important fisheries.
Some habitats provide niches.
Some habitats provide partial sunlight.
Some habitats provide quality seafood.
Some habitats provide safe hideouts.
Some habitats provide seafood.
Some habitats provide sunlight.
Some habitats provide wealth.
Some habitats range from burrows.
Some habitats range from canyons.
Some habitats range from coasts.
Some habitats range from dense rainforests.
Some habitats range from dry canyons.
Some habitats range from dunes.
Some habitats range from estuaries.
Some habitats range from freshwater ponds.
Some habitats range from hillsides.
Some habitats range from ponds.
Some habitats range from rainforests.
Some habitats range from rocky hillsides.
Some habitats range from sand dunes.
Some habitats range from sewage ponds.
Some habitats range from underground burrows.
Some habitats rely on fire for their existence.
Some habitats require disturbances.
Some habitats require effort.
Some habitats require periodic disturbances.
Some habitats suffer from drought.
Some habitats suffer from frequent drought.
Some habitats suffer from severe drought.
Some habitats support wolves.
Some habitats take advantage.
Habitation is a habitat
Habitation is habitats.
Habitation is scare, just dotted crofters cottages, seabirds and ponies.
Habitation is sparse and they had provisions and tents packed inside their craft.
Habitation thins out, farms disappear and the forest turns swampy.
Habitations are all oblique.
Habitations is a much more cerebral book though, unlike Footsteps .
Some habitations keep animals and people close together for warmth.
Habitative names contain some element which indicates human settlement.
Habitual absences earn an F in the course.
Habitual cascara plug adobe incorporated afghan transporter indefensible ida trend encrypt .
Habitual chewing stains the teeth.
A habitual criminal is a criminal
Habitual criminals are a menace to society.
Habitual criminals commit crimes while out on bail, and especially while on parole.
Habitual delinquency aggravates it.
Habitual discouragement can lead to depression, which often results in despair.
Habitual exercise enhances neuromuscular transmission efficacy of rat soleus muscle in situ.
Habitual fighting is considered to be a dangerous vice.
Habitual grace is a radical vitalization of the human soul.
Habitual humor is a good habit to have.
Habitual imbalance is racism and sexism.
Habitual indecision is a difficult challenge to overcome, yet it can be done.
Habitual knowledge is of two degrees.
Habitual lateness disrupts the class.
Habitual observance ingrains moral and religious sensibility into the very fiber of the personality.
Habitual offenders tend to have no fixed address or property.
Habitual patterns have a tremendous stranglehold on our lives.
Habitual problems are another story.
Habitual problems are the list manager's responsibility.
Habitual readers enter it like a warm bath.
Habitual reality checking in waking life pays off in the dream world.
Habitual residence is necessary in order to establish domicile .
Habitual responses seem to occur almost automatically, with peripheral or little focused attention.
Habitual sin is called vice.
Habitual success is every bit as possible as habitual failure.
Habitual tardiness causes loss of teaching time.
Habitual tardiness is a bad habit.
Habitual tardiness is irresponsible, rude, and disruptive.
Habitual tardiness is rude and disrespectful.
Habitual tardiness is rude and frowned upon.
Habitual tardiness is rude, disruptive, and dangerous.
Habitual tardiness is unacceptable, therefore three tardies equal one absence.
Habitual tardiness is very discourteous to classmates and the instructor.
Habitual use can cause flu-like symptoms such as sneezing, coughing and a runny nose.
Habitual use can result in dull hair and skin and aggravated acne and dandruff.
Habitual use has a number of negative side effects.
Habitual use is a preventable cardiovascular risk factor.
Habitual users tend to be very thin because they forget to eat.
Most habitual users are incapable of concentration, learning, or clear thought.
Habituated bears are unlikely to survive long enough to reproduce.
Habituated bears live according to a human cycle.
Habituated bears lose their natural fear of people.
Habituated bears respond differently to sprays than wild attacking bears.
Habituated predators become problem animals and are often shot, or at best relocated.
Habituation also increases the chances of bears becoming conditioned to human foods or garbage.
Habituation can help children cope with handicaps.
Habituation can refer to a decrease in behavior, subjective experience, or synaptic transmission.
Habituation characterizes auditory sensory memory.
Habituation enables organisms to distinguish meaningful information from background stimuli .
Habituation enables organisms to distinguish meaningful information from background stimuli.
Habituation exercises didn t work.
Habituation happens throughout the animal kingdom, including in humans.
Habituation includes internalized social roles and habits.
Habituation involves a loss of responsiveness.
Habituation is a function of time and familiarity.
Habituation is a kind of learning.
Habituation is a reduction in a previously-displayed response when no reward or punishment follows.
Habituation is a simple form of learning and occurs in many animal taxa.
Habituation is a simple kind of learning which can be demonstrated in human infants.
Habituation is a simple type of learning in which an animal learns to ignore a harmless stimulus.
Habituation is adjustment
Habituation is adjustment.
Habituation is also a primary concern.
Habituation is characterized by diminished physiological responses to cold.
Habituation is complete.
Habituation is lost rapidly.
Habituation is observed after repeated presentations of stimuli.
Habituation is probably the most well know and accepted of the psychophysiological processes.
Habituation is the process by which exposure therapy is thought to work.
Habituation is the waning of a reflex response to repeated stimulation.
Habituation lets an experienced person use a well-designed interface more quickly.
Habituation means familiarization.
Habituation reduces response of neurons responding to specific repeating stimuli.
Habituation refers to a person's decrease in responsiveness to a repeated stimulus.
Habituation refers to the development of pathways among neurons.
Habituation saves energy and preserves defenses in the event of a genuine emergency.
Habituation takes over in the organism, as receptors begin to store memories.
A hacienda is a house
Hacienda also promotes our hourly employees to management positions.
Hacienda has what is arguably the finest child care center in the nation.
Hacienda is home to four housing projects and two apartment complexes.
Hacienda is home to several retail establishments including four shopping centers.
Hacienda is relaxed and informal.
Haciendas are estates.
Haciendas are houses.
Haciendas are part of haciendas.
A hack writer is an author
Hack writer hooks up with delusional silent film star in one of the all-time noir greats.
A hack is a person
Hacks are horses.
Hacks are jams.
Hacks are tools.
Hacks are writers.
Hacks can change screen highlighting, save battery life and do many, many other things.
Hacks exist to mantain backwards compatibility.
Hacks have to cooperate for multiple ones to coexist on the same trap.
Hacks kernel to . . .
Hacks kernel to implement file locking.
Hacks there are more likely to get noticed.
Hacks ytalk, talk protocols, ircd, ircII scripts, patches and much more.
All hacks cheats code downloadable characters music and pics.
Every hack simply quotes every other hack.
Many hacks are purely mischievous pranks.
Many hacks have a theme, or are timed to celebrate certain times of the academic year.
Most hacks are inside jobs.
Most hacks are still the result of sloppy password usage by users.
Some hacks require the addition of new code, followed by a reboot to load it.
Hackberry Hill offers many special opportunities for students.
A hackberry is a tree
Hackberries are edible when they are ripe and fall from the tree.
Hackberries are trees.
Hackberries thrive behind old garages and along property lines, and people have planted pecans.
Hackberry is host to a large number of insects and diseases, most of which cause no serious damage.
Hackberry is native throughout Iowa.
Hackberry is native to North America and is susceptible to many diseases.
Hacker culture believes in information anarchy.
Hacker groups get more - up to five years.
A hacker is a golfer
Hacker attack a wake-up call.
Hacker destroys home page.
Hacker hits political sites.
Hacker invades So.
Hacker laments today's heightened inequities.
Hacker sounds like such a violent word.
Hacker steals huge credit card database . . . .
Hacker works out daily.
Hackers abide by a tenet of ethics in which knowledge is key.
Hackers adapt and change with their environments as a means of identity.
Hackers aggressively scan the Internet looking for active connections.
Hackers already are far more dangerous than most people know.
Hackers also are big on abbreviations and revised spelling.
Hackers also break into computers to steal stored data.
Hackers also can use that home connection as a back door to break into the corporate system.
Hackers also engage in information theft for the purposes of corporate and political espionage.
Hackers also has a new character creation system that displays descriptions of each role and race.
Hackers also have a social network.
Hackers also mix letters and numbers more freely than in mainstream usage.
Hackers also try to insert bogus DNS information into legitimate Name servers.
Hackers are a benevolent people who play with technology.
Hackers are a continuous problem.
Hackers are a real pain.
Hackers are a VERY large and influential community planet wide in the computer world.
Hackers are able to get that data and abuse it.
Hackers are almost never business people, themselves.
Hackers are also a source of headache for many companies dealing with valuable information.
Hackers are always a concern.
Hackers are always a step ahead of law and governmental power.
Hackers are always constructive but crackers are usually destructive.
Hackers are an asset to the government and to corporations.
Hackers are an odd bunch.
Hackers are basically technically sophisticated computer using thieves.
Hackers are blocked, legitimate traffic passes through.
Hackers are computer experts who understand how internet transmissions are encoded.
Hackers are computer users.
Hackers are creative, resourceful and great team players.
Hackers are diverse, from all cultures and backgrounds.
Hackers are everywhere, from every walk of life, every type of lifestyle.
Hackers Are Everywhere.
Hackers are evil people.
Hackers are experimenters, rebellious souls.
Hackers are generally good, crackers are almost always bad.
Hackers are golfers.
Hackers are good, Crackers are bad.
Hackers are good.
Hackers are hack-geeks, it's all that they do.
Hackers are increasingly well organized and highly skilled.
Hackers are individuals who seek to gain unauthorized access to computer networks or a Web site.
Hackers are intelligent agents.
Hackers are just like tele-marketers.
Hackers are kids.
Hackers are more difficult to deter.
Hackers are more like astronauts pushing the edge of the envelope.
Hackers are more of a concern.
Hackers are naturally suspicious of business.
Hackers are no exception.
Hackers are no joke.
Hackers are notorious for signing their work and offering a valid, but anonymous, mailbox.
Hackers are often interested in writing neat hacks more than actual productions.
Hackers are often nearly impossible to trace unless they boast of their actions.
Hackers are only computer mania or specialists.
Hackers are out there scanning the Internet for opportunities.
Hackers are people against censorship.
Hackers are people too.
Hackers are people who enjoy playing with computers.
Hackers are people who know about and enjoy computer programming and solving problems.
Hackers are people who seem to have nothing better to do than try to break into systems.
Hackers are people.
Hackers are proactive, while security measures tend to be reactive.
Hackers are probably more aware of security measures than are the average surfer.
Hackers are programmers.
Hackers are protectors rather than criminals.
Hackers are still deep-down social misfits.
Hackers are still very active in Internet community.
Hackers are terrorists.
Hackers are the elite corps of computer designers and programmers.
Hackers are the online detectives of the virtual world.
Hackers are the scourge of the Internet.
Hackers are the spearhead of a new form of resistance.
Hackers are tinkerers.
Hackers are to information as the underground railroad was to the slaves.
Hackers are unable to disturb the services or break into the users' personal computers.
Hackers are unwilling to do as little as possible.
Hackers are up to their same old tricks - with a timely catch.
Hackers are usually legitimately employed computer experts and closet geeks.
Hackers are usually very talented, smart people who understand computers better than others.
Hackers are, at heart, romantics.
Hackers are, by definition, programmers.
Hackers argue that gaining access is a learning medium.
Hackers attack computers, a dedicated router is simpler and, less intelligent, than a computer.
Hackers attack when they're mad about something.
Hackers attempt to gain access to network packets.
Hackers attempt to penetrate computer networks through Internet connections.
Hackers automatically resist and rebel against external authority of any kind.
Hackers believe that to hoard information for profit is to hurt society, to slow progress.
Hackers break into banks , re-routing transactions.
Hackers break into computers and steal company secrets.
Hackers break into government and business computers.
Hackers break into systems to impress themselves and others.
Hackers break into systems.
Hackers break the recording industry's vaunted music protection system.
Hackers can almost always poke holes in software, industry experts say.
Hackers can also exploit bugs to impersonate the main system administrator, or super user.
Hackers can also gain access to databases and e-mail.
Hackers can also take things apart, with equally embarrassing results.
Hackers can also use keystroke logging .
Hackers can also use keystroke logging.
Hackers can and do find ways to read E-mail.
Hackers can anonymously penetrate systems at an extremely low risk of being caught.
Hackers can break into a chain of computers.
Hackers can break into almost anything.
Hackers can cause many more problems than just destroying a computer system.
Hackers can disguise the source of their rogue requests.
Hackers can disguise their probes.
Hackers can easily capture a remote user's password, compromising other network sites.
Hackers can enter a computer without leaving a trace.
Hackers can enter private networks through some Internet services and steal or tamper with data.
Hackers can enter public and private sector databases.
Hackers can even break into the hospital systems and change prescriptions.
Hackers can face fines and prison terms of up to three years under Indian law.
Hackers can figure out a way to access anything involving software.
Hackers can fool such firewalls by forging source addresses via IP packet spoof- ing.
Hackers can gain access to many sites, but it is unclear how much damage they can actually do.
Hackers can gain remote access to the registry if winreg is missing.
Hackers can get a password by a user's mistake.
Hackers can get access to the Web server and use it as a jumping-off point for their attacks.
Hackers can get into the most secure corporate and government computers.
Hackers can get passwords that are stored on the system.
Hackers can guess passwords.
Hackers can intercept anyone's e-mail and read it.
Hackers can run automated programs that try every word in the dictionary.
Hackers can seemingly stop the show any time they want.
Hackers can send the server a string that causes a buffer overflow.
Hackers can sometimes access and change information without the author knowing it.
Hackers can sometimes trash web pages by getting in and making their own adjustments to the files.
Hackers can steal millions electronically.
Hackers can strike at the computer terminal by stealing a valid user's entry code.
Hackers can strike from anywhere, do damage and retreat to obscurity.
Hackers can turn a network into a personal playground.
Hackers can use debug mode to examine and modify individual control registers.
Hackers can use sniffers, and the more aggressive attacker can physically tie into cable lines.
Hackers can use stolen passwords to harass or threaten someone using someone else's name.
Hackers can use the common directory traversal technique in order to access any file on the system.
Hackers can use the tool to cover their tracks if they have administrator rights.
Hackers carry on no matter how vigorously officials prosecute.
Hackers cause victims to spend time and money checking and resecuring systems after break-in.
Hackers change aquarium's web site to say whale is dead.
Hackers clearly have the desire to spend many more hours per day than most security professionals.
Hackers comb through it looking for security problems.
Hackers come from all different backgrounds and have all kinds of lifestyles.
Hackers come from all races, both sexes and can be of any age.
Hackers come in all flavors.
Hackers come in many varieties.
Hackers commonly poll prefixes to obtain access to a network.
Hackers complicate the chase Black boots.
Hackers conduct scans to try to find out what hardware and software are present on a given network.
Hackers continue assault on fed.
Hackers continue to break into systems long after they become familiar with the technology.
Hackers continue to pose grave problems to companies that fail to protect themselves from the risks.
Hackers crave recognition above all else.
Hackers create new viruses constantly, so keep the virus program updated.
Hackers definitely do form an online community.
Hackers delight in wreaking havoc in cyberspace.
Hackers destroy property and records.
Hackers destroy their data.
Hackers disagree with each other.
Hackers discuss techniques and trade software in closed chat rooms.
Hackers do it because they can criminals do it to gain money.
Hackers do it to get access to data bases and phone lines and pass codes.
Hackers do it top down.
Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.
Hackers do it with bytes.
Hackers do it with few instructions.
Hackers do more than build a better cyberspace.
Hackers do what they do because of power.
Hackers don t ask.
Hackers don t favor any one vendors hardware or software.
Hackers don t fit only one kind of profile.
Hackers enjoy overgeneralization on the grammatical level as well.
Hackers exist at every university computer lab.
Hackers exploit InterNetNews bug.
Hackers exploit known vulnerabilities using readily available tools.
Hackers exploit operating-system bugs that lie outside the direct control of end users.
Hackers feel a certain depth of commitment and an enhanced level of excitement at hacking a system.
Hackers feel very strongly about being put in the same boat as crackers.
Hackers find it more difficult to hit a moving target.
Hackers find new ways to break into systems.
Hackers focus on passwords that are sent over the network.
Hackers form one of type of community on the Web.
Hackers gain fame by discovering an exploit.
Hackers gain leverage using existing trust relationships within a network.
Hackers gather regularly to display their latest gadgets and share tips.
Hackers generally deplore cracking.
Hackers get a head start on exploiting bugs.
Hackers get it .
Hackers get passwords and codenames by recording and storing the information.
Hackers go for the easy score, but software tracks each and every attack on the bogus weakness.
Hackers Go Shopping Another round of Virus hoaxes.
Hackers go to it.
Hackers hack for the challenge.
Hackers hack, and to hack is to chop with repeated irregular blows to cut or mutilate.
Hackers has the added defect of being vapid.
Hackers hate War Games .
Hackers have a field-day at their sites.
Hackers have a history of breaking into well guarded computers.
Hackers have a lot of ethics.
Hackers have a shared identify, however, and many shared interests.
Hackers have a sort of honor among thieves.
Hackers have a variety of strategies.
Hackers have help breaking into government networks.
Hackers have no distinguishing characteristics.
Hackers have programs that flip words back and forth.
Hackers have relatively little ability to identify emotionally with other people.
Hackers have the ability to push computer science and computer technology to the extreme.
Hackers have their own support groups to share information.
Hackers have their ways, and they can be diabolically ingenious.
Hackers Help the Web.
Hackers intercept and re-route Web access requests.
Hackers is a damned fun film, especially for the techno breed, and is well worth a look.
Hackers is a term no one uses anymore.
Hackers is perfect after-pub entertainment with even more cans to down.
Hackers know all the tricks to guessing passwords.
Hackers know authorities are overwhelmed.
Hackers know common names people use.
Hackers know dedicated corporate networks are often well-protected.
Hackers know more about the older software than the newer.
Hackers know of bugs for essentially every kind of machine out there.
Hackers know that using foreign servers and platforms is a great way to hide their identity.
Hackers laugh at intrusion detection products.
Hackers learn morality from other hackers, who learn it from other hackers.
Hackers leave electronic fingerprints like bank robbers leave real fingerprints.
Hackers like to attack unattended systems because their chances of being discovered are low.
Hackers live for success.
Hackers look for clear text passwords as a tool for finding security holes.
Hackers look for vulnerabilities in the programs that are reachable through an open port.
Hackers look out for that.
Hackers looooooooooooooooove noodles.
Hackers looooooooooooove noodles.
Hackers love a challenge and are fascinated by computer technology.
Hackers love a challenge.
Hackers love funny names.
Hackers love that.
Hackers love to have their names sprayed all over the opening screens of a game.
Hackers love to prowl the Internet looking for unsuspecting victims.
Hackers love to use fast connections as breeding grounds for more attacks.
Hackers love word games.
Hackers love wordplay and are very conscious and inventive in the use of language.
Hackers make very bad criminals.
Hackers normally back up or delete just the first page of a web site, usually named index.html.
Hackers now cause a greater threat due to all of the advancements.
Hackers offer their take on the attacks and the culprits.
Hackers organize a worldwide attack on popular Web site. .
Hackers place programs on the computers of other internet users to perform the attacks.
Hackers plan day of action in global protest at capitalism.
Hackers play a similar game, but it's neither trivial nor televised.
Hackers play to type.
Hackers pose a more troubling threat.
Hackers pose the biggest threat to an interplanetary Internet.
Hackers probe the Web until they find a vulnerable site.
Hackers remain an elusive quarry for telcos despite the major costs they impose on bottom lines.
Hackers routinely hop through different systems before striking at a given target.
Hackers routinely scan for open shares.
Hackers say corporate security stinks.
Hackers say that a virus a month is being developed.
Hackers say that it's impossible to secure digital content.
Hackers say the darnedest things.
Hackers say they have ethics.
Hackers say yes.
Hackers scoff at password systems, anyway.
Hackers scrawl political statements on Web sites like so much graffiti.
Hackers see themselves as the intellectuals of Geek City's computer-code ghetto.
Hackers seek knowledge.
Hackers seek out information by every available means.
Hackers seem to get a bad rap as computer geeks and freaks.
Hackers share because they can.
Hackers share information via publications, electronic bulletin boards, and catalog services.
Hackers share information with each other about their exploits, and easy targets.
Hackers simply probe and explore in order to fix problems or make things better.
Hackers simply type in random passwords and gain access to employee accounts.
Hackers solve problems and build things, and they believe in freedom and voluntary mutual help.
Hackers speak - openly The hacker community is somewhat more open than people generally believe.
Hackers spend their time fixing problems in hardware as well as software.
Hackers steal information, they alter Web sites.
Hackers steal telephone and computer time and share unauthorized access codes and passwords.
Hackers still find bugs and exploits in both open and closed source.
Hackers study and share the vulnerabilities more thoroughly than most security professionals.
Hackers take matters into their own hands .
Hackers take note.
Hackers take website security measures as a challenge.
Hackers target anything and everything is vulnerable.
Hackers target anything, and everything is vulnerable.
Hackers target small businesses because they're easy marks.
Hackers target universities because universities are known for having very lax security.
Hackers tend to be especially poor at confrontation and negotiation.
Hackers tend to be older, gainfully employed and educated.
Hackers tend to prefer the terms hacker and wizard .
Hackers tend to target unsecure systems.
Hackers tend to use brute force.
Hackers tend to work alone but sometimes they team up to form a group.
Hackers then query the databases about specific machines so they can target known vulnerabilities.
Hackers There are lots of possibilities of improving the program itself.
Hackers thrive on outsmarting computer security systems.
Hackers try the easy ways first, just like car thieves look for unlocked cars.
Hackers try to attack machines and networks for a variety of reasons.
Hackers try to control or steal and viruses try to corrupt or delete data.
Hackers turn up their noses at a challenge' proposed by the recording and electronics industries.
Hackers understand that politics follows code.
Hackers Unite A small link list.
Hackers universally abhor senseless violence, in fact senselessness or violence of any kind.
Hackers use information to gain status within their group, and power over their environment.
Hackers use sniffers .
Hackers use something as easily accessible as a PC to create great waves in the larger world.
Hackers use the Internet and technical tools for probes and scans to find the weakest link.
Hackers use the technique in order to figure out what version the server is running.
Hackers use the term to describe obtaining total control over a system.
Hackers use various methods to access LANs.
Hackers use various tricks to hijack e-mail as it passes between servers.
Hackers use verbal locking destructive merge.
Hackers view data as transparent when it travels via the Internet.
Hackers work on the reputation economy.
Hackers always try dictionary words first, so add numbers or symbols to such words.
Hackers always wear glasses and type like hellbent maniacs.
Hackers frequently scan for it .
Hackers frequently use compromised computers as staging points for further attacks.
Hackers often amass a library to improve their education.
Hackers often break into computer systems or networks for the thrill or notoriety.
Hackers often break into networks simply to prove that they can.
Hackers often commandeer other people's computers or ISPs to mask what they're up to.
Hackers often disagree with authority, including parents, employers, social customs and laws.
Hackers often enter networks through old computers that are no longer in use.
Hackers often exploit weaknesses in software to penetrate websites and corporate computers.
Hackers often exploit weaknesses in software.
Hackers often gain access to our systems in pretty unsophisticated ways.
Hackers often publicize their actions within their community.
Hackers often take over unused voice mail boxes for their own purposes.
Hackers often think that privacy is the most important issue.
Hackers often try to erase the evidence of their activities.
Hackers often use a port scan approach to find security holes.
Hackers often use high-speed corporate computers as a means to send huge quantities of spam quickly.
Hackers often use on-line dictionaries.
Hackers often use the newly discovered passwords to login to a system.
Hackers often view their work as glamorous and daring, and they love to brag about their exploits.
Hackers sometimes seek to garner publicity by timing attacks near symbolically important events.
Hackers sometimes watch email servers and can intercept emails.
Hackers usually break into sites through holes in Web server software.
Hackers usually exchange scan to find carriers.
Hackers usually publish their work for others to review, use, criticize and improve upon.
Hackers usually send viruses through other people's address books.
All hackers are brothers.
All hackers are ego-centric people.
All hackers have their reasons for doing what they do.
All hackers use scanning tools to quickly find weaknesses in a computer's Internet interfaces.
All hackers welcome.
Any hacker can do anything they want in code, but what about the rest of the world's humans.
Many hackers are DSL and cable modem customers themselves.
Many hackers are just kids wanting to mess with people.
Many hackers can also run intercepted data through filters of their own and recover the information.
Many hackers consider themselves to be better mice.
Many hackers draw important conclusions about their activites based on works of fiction.
Many hackers get free Internet by stealing peoples accounts.
Many hackers have legitimate jobs as computer programmers, developers or network administrators.
Many hackers now use simple, Web-downloadable scripts to gain system access.
Many hackers play better with a little buzz.
Many hackers search the Internet randomly for vulnerable machines.
Many hackers specifically search for telecommuters and remote users.
Most hackers also believe that destructive hacking is wrong.
Most hackers approach their pastime as an intellectual challenge.
Most hackers are anonymous, known only by their internet monikers.
Most hackers are children who grew up in the Internet.
Most hackers are good engineers.
Most hackers are intelligent, resourceful individuals.
Most hackers are kids, but there are professional hackers, the experienced ones.
Most hackers are nearly self-managing.
Most hackers are quite harmless.
Most hackers are relatively individualistic and anti-conformist.
Most hackers are willing to explain terms.
Most hackers are, in fact, law-abiding individuals who are proud of their proficiency in computers.
Most hackers break into systems for fun.
Most hackers can cut through a Web site's server like a knife through butter.
Most hackers do by habit, also.
Most hackers go after the soft targets.
Most hackers have far better security on their home systems the mainframes they are targeting.
Most hackers have favorite tools, file names, account names, etc.
Most hackers have some experience in all areas.
Most hackers like to stay indoors in front of the computer.
Most hackers possess very little actual skill.
Most hackers simply go around it by going through the application layer.
Most hackers start tinkering as kids.
Most hackers target customer data, especially credit card or social security number information.
Most hackers try to avoid inflicting harm on the networks they conquer.
Most hackers understand the way to use a communication medium.
Some hackers are also virus builders.
Some hackers are apolitical, stereotypical computer nerds.
Some hackers argue that there's a distinction between harmful and harmless hacking.
Some hackers break into computers to randomly destroy data, or for monetary gain.
Some hackers call it Winblows.
Some hackers cause havoc, while others just want to prove they can get past the security system.
Some hackers claim they can teach a monkey how to hack in a couple of hours.
Some hackers claim they're benefiting security by hacking into systems and exposing vulnerabilities.
Some hackers create file names with control characters in their names to confuse the output of ls .
Some hackers even turn legitimate and are paid by companies to find weaknesses in their systems.
Some hackers go after everybody.
Some hackers peddle their wares by planting viruses.
Some hackers tweak back.
Some hackers use more sophisticated probes.
Some hackers use their skills to make money legally.
Some hackers work under the cover of anonymity.
Hacking cages provide protection from predators as nestlings grow into fledglins.
Hacking incidents are no higher than any other type of crime.
Hacking opponents see hacks as damaging even if no information is taken or damaged.
Hacking tools are now commonplace on the Internet.
Hackings are computer programming.
Hackings are coughs.
Hackings are cracking.
Hackle length extends to the barbs of the hook.
Hackle size is determined by the length of the individual fibers in the usable portion of a feather.
Hackle zones predominate after mist zones, where the joint surface begins to get fairly rough.
A hackney is carriage
Hackney searches vehicles coming from Canada across the border at Calais, Maine.
A hacksaw is a saw
Hacksaw blades with tape-wrapped handles.
Hacksaws are saws.
Hacksaws are tools.
Hacksaws feature replaceable, hardened blades with fine teeth.
Hacksaws make necessary deep slits.
Haddock has flesh.
Haddock has mouths.
Haddock has soft mouths.
Haddock has white flesh.
Haddock is a bony fish
Haddock isa matter.
Haddock reaches weight.
Haddocks are important fish for the fishing industry .
Haddocks are important fish for the fishing industry.
All haddock are peepers.
Most haddock has flesh.
Most haddock has mouths.
Most haddock has soft mouths.
Most haddock has white flesh.
Most haddock reaches weight.
Haddon matrix is published.
A hadith is a course
Hadiths concerning being dutiful also applies, in no lesser degree, to mothers.
A hadji is a pilgrim
Hadji has no health concerns.
Hadley cells are very efficient at transporting heat.
Hadley cells serve to diffuse heat away from equatorial regions.
Hadley soils are nearly level soils on flood plains and high bottoms.
A hadron is a fundamental particle
Hadrons are elementary particles.
Hadrons are heavy particles and, unlike leptons, consist of consituent particles known as quarks .
Hadrons are particles that make up the nucleus at the heart of an atom.
Hadrons are particles that respond to the strong force and have internal structure.
Hadrons are particles which interact via the strong force.
Hadrons are particles which respond to the strong force.
Hadrons are simply particles made of quarks .
Hadrons are simply particles made of quarks.
Hadrons are the class of particles containing quarks, that is, the baryons and mesons.
Hadrons deposit their energy in the hadron calorimeter.
Hadrons interact in the iron and produce showers that are detected by scintillators.
Hadrons is the name given to subatomic particles, such as protons and neutrons.
All hadrons are color-neutral objects.
All hadrons contain quarks.
Hadronic mechanics is the name given to the extension of quantum mechanics.
Much hadronic phenomenology is framed in terms of constituent quarks.
A hadrosaur is a dinosaur
Hadrosaurs are inferred to have been terrestrial most of the year.
Hadrosaurs are probably the best known ornithopods that left tracks attributable to the trackmaker.
Hadrosaurs take their popular name from their toothless duck-like beaks at the front of their jaws.
A hadrosaurus is a dinosaur
Hadrosaurus is New Jersey's state fossil.
Haem oxygenase is synthetically lethal with the tumour suppressor fumarate hydratase.
A haem is pigment
Haems are components of haemoglobin , the red pigment in blood .
Haems are components of haemoglobin, the red pigment in blood.
A haemagglutination is agglutination
Haemagglutination is a general characteristic of lectins.
Haematogenous spread is uncommon.
Haematologic disorders are therefore disorders of the blood.
Haematological indices are still under test.
Haematological malignancies are a particularly heterogeneous group of cancers.
Many haematological malignancies are curable.
A haematology is medicine
Haematology is both clinical and laboratory based.
Haematophagous leeches harbour only one species of endosymbiotic bacterium.
A haemodialysis is dialysis
Haemodialysis involves using a dialysis machine and an artificial kidney to filter the blood.
Haemodialysis is when the blood from a vein is passed through a dialysis machine.
Haemodynamic stress is also greatest at points of bifurcation.
A haemoglobin is a protein
Haemoglobin transports oxygen from the lungs to the tissues.
All haemoglobin is normal, with normal red blood cells.
A haemolysis is lysis
Haemolysis can occur as an idiosyncratic thing to just about any drug - but is VERY rare.
Haemolysis is reported.
Haemolysis seems to be the only relevant adverse effect of glycerol treatment.
Haemolytic anaemia occurs when red blood cells are destroyed.
Haemophilia can be a frightening experience for a family recently diagnosed.
Haemophilia is blood disorder
A haemopoiesis is a biological process
Haemopoiesis is ineffective, giving rise to cytopenias.
Haemopoietic colony stimulating factors promote cell survival by suppressing apoptosis.
Haemorrhage is slight.
Haemorrhagic shock is another serious concern.
A haemorrhagic stroke is a stroke
A haemorrhagic stroke is hemorrhage
Haemorrhagic stroke is the more common of the two among young women.
A haemorrhoid is pain
Haemorrhoids are also common among pregnant women.
Haemorrhoids are very common in men and women.
Some haemorrhoids can get better without medical treatment.
Haemorrhoidal disease is the commonest and oldest malady that afflicts mankind.
HAER architects conduct fieldwork.
HAER documentation includes measured drawings, photographs, and text.
Haeundae beach is about one hour distance from the airport by limousine.
A haft is a handle
Hafts are brassy gold.
Hafts are rosy mauve.
A hag is an agnathan
Hags are better with trogs.
Hags are old women.
HAGs are really well armored despite having no shields and they fire a very powerful payload.
Hags hurry hence.
Hageman factor is important in both the kinin and clotting system.
Hagerstown soils occur in similar postions on the landscape as the Baltimore soils.
Hagfish eggs are approximately one inch long, and encased in a tough shell.
Some hagfish slime has advantage.
Some hagfish slime has big advantage.
A hagfish is an agnathan
Hagfish isa vertebrate.
Hagfishes are a type of jawless fish which are the only parasitic vertebrates.
Hagfishes are eel-like scavengers that feed on dead invertebrates and other fishes.
Hagfishes are entirely marine and are found in oceans around the world except for the polar regions.
Hagfishes are entirely marine, very slimy, and feed on carrion and injured fishes.
Hagfishes are scavengers that look like large worms wit h feelers around the mouth.
Hagfishes are very different compared to all the other animals with craniums.
Hagfishes attain different length.
Hagfishes attain length.
Hagfishes capture in commercial fisheries.
Hagfishes capture in fisheries.
Hagfishes contain ovaries.
Hagfishes display body movement.
Hagfishes display movement.
Hagfishes display rapid body movement.
Hagfishes display rapid movement.
Hagfishes find food.
Hagfishes have (part) brains.
Hagfishes have (part) breasts.
Hagfishes have (part) cell membranes.
Hagfishes have (part) cells.
Hagfishes have (part) chest cavities.
Hagfishes have (part) chests.
Hagfishes have (part) corpi.
Hagfishes have (part) cytoplasm.
Hagfishes have (part) ears.
Hagfishes have (part) faces.
Hagfishes have (part) flippers.
Hagfishes have (part) heads.
Hagfishes have (part) nuclei.
Hagfishes have (part) pedal extremities.
Hagfishes have (part) plasma membranes.
Hagfishes have (part) rib cages.
Hagfishes have (part) sections.
Hagfishes have (part) skulls.
Hagfishes have (part) sterna.
Hagfishes have (part) vacuoles.
Hagfishes have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hagfishes have a skull of cartilage but lack jaws and vertebrae.
Hagfishes have a small brain, eyes, ears, and a nasal opening that connects with the pharynx.
Hagfishes have anatomies.
Hagfishes have cerebrums.
Hagfishes have comb teeth.
Hagfishes have fins.
Hagfishes have gills.
Hagfishes have jaws.
Hagfishes have kidneys.
Hagfishes have metabolism.
Hagfishes have mouths.
Hagfishes have nostrils.
Hagfishes have organs.
Hagfishes have pinkish gray wormlike bodies and four or six short tentacles around their mouths.
Hagfishes have single nostrils.
Hagfishes have skeletons.
Hagfishes have skin.
Hagfishes have slow metabolism.
Hagfishes have stages.
Hagfishes have structures.
Hagfishes have teeth.
Hagfishes have vertebrae.
Hagfishes inhabit environments.
Hagfishes inhabit marine environments.
Hagfishes kill prey.
Hagfishes live for months.
Hagfishes live in burrows they dig in muddy bottoms, mostly at moderate depths in cold waters.
Hagfishes live in cold water.
Hagfishes live in fairly deep water where there is a soft muddy bottom into which they can burrow.
Hagfishes live in oceans.
Hagfishes live in water.
Hagfishes need salinity.
Hagfishes possess skulls.
Hagfishes prey on fish.
Hagfishes secrete slime.
Hagfishes secrete sticky slime.
Hagfishes survive for months.
Hagfishes survive for several months.
Hagfishes survive months.
Hagfishs are animals.
Most hagfishes attain different length.
Most hagfishes attain length.
Most hagfishes contain ovaries.
Most hagfishes display rapid body movement.
Most hagfishes display rapid movement.
Most hagfishes find food.
Most hagfishes have anatomies.
Most hagfishes have cerebrums.
Most hagfishes have comb teeth.
Most hagfishes have fins.
Most hagfishes have gills.
Most hagfishes have jaws.
Most hagfishes have metabolism.
Most hagfishes have mouths.
Most hagfishes have organs.
Most hagfishes have single nostrils.
Most hagfishes have skeletons.
Most hagfishes have skin.
Most hagfishes have slow metabolism.
Most hagfishes have stages.
Most hagfishes have structures.
Most hagfishes have teeth.
Most hagfishes have vertebrae.
Most hagfishes inhabit marine environments.
Most hagfishes kill prey.
Most hagfishes live for months.
Most hagfishes live in cold water.
Most hagfishes live in oceans.
Most hagfishes live in water.
Most hagfishes survive for months.
Most hagfishes survive for several months.
Most hagfishes survive months.
Some hagfishes adapt to environments.
Some hagfishes are attacked by animals.
Some hagfishes are attacked by other animals.
Some hagfishes are harvested for food.
Some hagfishes catch live prey.
Some hagfishes eat fish.
Some hagfishes feed on worms.
Some hagfishes fill buckets.
Some hagfishes fill liter buckets.
Some hagfishes have ability.
Some hagfishes have concentration.
Some hagfishes have degrees.
Some hagfishes have eels.
Some hagfishes have eyes.
Some hagfishes have forces.
Some hagfishes have hearts.
Some hagfishes have ovaries.
Some hagfishes have partial skulls.
Some hagfishes have pressure.
Some hagfishes have skulls.
Some hagfishes have tongues.
Some hagfishes live in burrows.
Some hagfishes live in mud.
Some hagfishes live on bottoms.
Some hagfishes locate food.
Some hagfishes offer exclusive insight.
Some hagfishes offer insight.
Some hagfishes possess sensitivity.
Some hagfishes produce slime.
Some hagfishes provide important information.
Some hagfishes provide information.
Some hagfishes pump water.
Some hagfishes resemble lampreys.
Some hagfishes respond to stimuli.
Haggadah illustration is commentary.
A haggler is a communicator
Hagglers submit their offers to the site electronically.
Hague experts are most disappointed with the co-operation they have been receiving.
Ha-ha isa laughter.
Ha-has have (part) speech sound.
A haik is a garment
Haik advises CCOs to review their stat orders to make sure that they re documented correctly.
Haiku ads come next.
Haiku box kites, sonnet launchers, multi-wing pantoums.
Haiku composition is especially popular in the United States.
Haiku consultants are big bucks.
Some Haiku hotels are cosmopolitan while other resorts offer a more secluded feel.
Haiku imagery is always first and foremost a real observation.
Haiku poems have only three lines, each with a certain number of syllables.
Many haiku poems refer to a season.
Haiku poets emphasize that form and function are one.
Haiku poets try to avoid unneeded words.
Haiku poetry has strict construction rules.
Haiku poetry is included.
Most haiku practitioners rely on a saijiki.
Haiku site includes rules of Haiku and has links to other Haiku related pages.
Haiku are little working models of the unseen.
Haiku is a poem
Haiku is poems.
Haiku is software.
Haiku turns two people poets, just like love makes two people lovers.
Haiku often describe a common experience in a fresh, insightful way.
Haiku often describe 'a moment in time'.
Every haiku has to have a seasonal word.
Some Haiku presents one image superimposed on another.
Haikus are fun to write, and both children and adults delight in their ease of creation.
Haikus are fun.
Haikus describe the essence.
Haikus often describe nature.
Hail damage can be devastating.
Hail damage causes similar symptoms on the skin, but without brown spots inside the fruit.
Hail damage is around hundred millions of dollars annually in the United Sates.
Hail insurance covers losses from hail.
Hail storms are common at the beginning and end of the rainy season.
Hail storms can cause severe damage to property and agriculture.
Hail storms can occasionally lighten crops and damage vines.
Hail storms do damage.
Hail storms do serious damage.
Most hail storms do damage.
Most hail storms do serious damage.
A hail is weather
Hail affects yields primarily by reducing stands and defoliating the plant.
Hail annually causes nearly one billion dollars in damage nationally.
Hail begins as tiny ice pellets that collide with water droplets.
Hail can be common in some areas, however, and usually has no tornadic activity along with it.
Hail can be common in some areas, however, and usually has no tornado activity along with it.
Hail can be extremely dangerous both as projectiles and as a cause of hypothermia.
Hail can be extremely dangerous, particularly when accompanied by strong winds.
Hail can be very short-lived but is usually associated with rain and a drop in temperature.
Hail causes hundreds of millions of dollars in damage each year.
Hail causes millions of dollars of damage to crops and property each year.
Hail causes more monetary loss than any other type of thunderstorm-spawned severe weather.
Hail causes much damage and injury to crops, livestock, property, and airplanes.
Hail causes severe bruising on the stalk which can result in breakage or stalk rot.
Hail comes down at great speed, especially when accompanied by high winds.
Hail comes in strange shapes, sometimes with ragged edges.
Hail comes just as suddenly, destroying crops and homes in a violent clatter.
Hail comes quickly and fiercely, without consideration to where it falls.
Hail covers road but melts fast.
Hail does fall in Egypt but is never bad.
Hail feel near Adams, and the storm sheared off some of the corn crop near that town.
Hail forms in very unstable convective clouds such a cumulonimbus.
Hail freezes from the inside out, while sleet freezes from the outside in.
Hail hammers a softening anvil.
Hail hammers the decks.
Hail is chunks of ice.
Hail is common during the summer thunderstorms.
Hail is dangerous but an infrequent killer.
Hail is primarily an afternoon or evening phenomenon in Colorado.
Hail is rain that falls as lumps of ice.
Hail is some weird stuff.
Hail is usually part of a thunderstorm.
Hail is usually part of a tornado-bearing cloud.
Hail isa precipitation.
Hail occurs during severe weather.
Hail occurs in spring and autumn.
Hail passes through a laser beam projecting across the device.
Hail pounding onto vehicles dents the body panels.
Hail processes within a supercell.
Hail tends to funnel under the overpass.
Hails are bombardment.
Hails are calling.
Hails are exclamations.
Hails are greeting.
Hails are objects.
Hails are precipitation.
Hails cause damage.
Hails cause significant damage.
Hails cause significant structural damage.
Hails cause structural damage.
Hails come from clouds.
Hails fall from clouds.
Hails have (part) diamond dust.
Hails have (part) frost mist.
Hails have (part) frost snow.
Hails have (part) hailstones.
Hails have (part) ice crystal.
Hails have (part) ice needles.
Hails have (part) snow mist.
Hails occur in countries.
Hail sometimes forms in well-developed thunderstorm clouds.
Most hails cause damage.
Most hails cause significant damage.
Most hails cause significant structural damage.
Most hails cause structural damage.
Most hails come from clouds.
Most hails fall from clouds.
Most hails occur in countries.
Some hails cause trouble.
Some hails consist of large particles.
Some hails consist of particles.
Some hails produce thunderstorms.
Hailes is quite different from Crichton.
Hailing taxi is frustrating.
Hailstone size is typically correspondent to the size of an object for comparative purposes.
Some hailstone sizes can range from pea sized to as big as a nickel.
A hailstone is ice
Hailstone isa ice.
Hailstones are a symbol of divine wrath .
Hailstones are frozen water.
Hailstones are hard pellets of ice which are usually a few millimetres in diameter.
Hailstones are ice.
Hailstones are made of many rings of clear, cloudy ice.
Hailstones are part of hails.
Hailstones are whitish in appearance and vary greatly in size.
Hailstones destroy apples by cutting, denting and bruising the skins.
Hailstones fall to the bottom of the cloud, which becomes negatively charged.
Hailstones form in thunder clouds.
Hailstones grow by repeated freezing and partial melting.
Hailstones occur infrequently but are sometimes damaging in nature.
Hailstones produce particularly intense echoes because of their large size.
Hailstones range from pea size to the size golfball or even larger.
Hailstones reflect more energy back to the radar than raindrops, causing the overestimation.
Hailstones vary in size, depending upon the growth of the cloud where it originated.
Most hailstones are part of hails.
Some hailstones are larger than golf balls.
Some hailstones are the size of peas while others can be as big as grapefruits.
Some hailstones hit roofs.
A hailstorm is a storm
Hailstorm does both through a new technology called Proactive Security Scanning .
Hailstorm eliminates the pain of bug-tracking and vulnerability databases.
Hailstorms are hailings.
Hailstorms are responsible for some of the most severe damage insurance pay outs in Australia.
Hailstorms are storms.
Hailstorms can be especially devastating to farm fields, ruining crops and damaging equipment.
Hailstorms have a devastating effect on homeowners' insurance rates.
Hailstorms have a history of significant damage in Australia.
Hailstorms smash crops to smithereens.
Hailstorms wreak havoc on Sydney.
Hainan island is at the same latitude as Hawaii.
Hainan restaurants feature prawns, crab, rock lobster, abalone and shark's fin.
Hair analysis allows early detection of toxicity, even before a person exhibits outward symptoms.
Hair analysis can detect drug use for several months or more, depending on the length of the hair.
Hair analysis can detect how far back and how much lead the patient was exposed to.
Hair analysis includes both obvious characteristics and traits observable only under a microscope.
Hair analysis is an accurate method of evaluating mineral and heavy metal imbalances and toxicities.
Hair analysis is an inexpensive way to diagnose specific deficiencies.
Hair analysis is an ostensibly diagnostic procedure that is a major part of alternative medicine.
Hair analysis is another method of determining toxin exposure that is popular with many clinicians.
Hair analysis is ineffective in determining vitamin deficiencies.
Hair analysis is one such methodology.
Hair analysis is performed to detect mineral deficiencies, and stress tests are available.
Hair analysis is useful in monitoring progress of chelation therapy.
Hair analysis is, however, a good, noninvasive, inexpensive way to screen for heavy metal toxicity.
Hair analysis offers unique advantages compared to other currently used drug testing methods.
Hair analysis provides a profile that's as unique as a finger print. . . .
Hair analysis yields little to no valid information about nutritional status.
A hair ball is a tangle
Hair balls are obviously one cause of feeling nauseous.
Hair balls can be a serious problem, and are most common in longhaired cats.
Hair brushes stay clean and the user gets a light shampoo simply by standing under the shower.
Hair care products use oil.
Hair care is a multibillion-dollar industry.
Hair care is attention
Hair care is available by a professional hair stylist on a weekly basis by appointment.
Hair care is care.
Hair care is important.
Hair care starts with washing the hair.
A hair cell is an epithelial cell
Hair cells are also a type of skin cell.
Hair cells are epithelial cells.
Hair cells are extraordinarily sensitive to cilia displacement.
Hair cells are fast-growing, so the hair falls out during treatment.
Hair cells are in the inner ear , or cochlea.
Hair cells are neurons.
Hair cells are pale orange and non-hair cells are in dark orange.
Hair cells are part of cochleas.
Hair cells are sensitive mechanical-stimulus detectors.
Hair cells are small.
Hair cells are the hearing mechanoreceptor cells, and they reside in the cochlea.
Hair cells are the receptors in the olfactory epithelium that respond to particular chemicals.
Hair cells are very sensitive, but they are also very fragile.
Hair cells begin alive, but when they come out of the scalp, they are dead.
Hair cells center around lamia III .
Hair cells convert sound waves into electrical impulses that are sent to the brain.
Hair cells have projections called stereocilia.
Hair cells have small hairs called cilia on one side and an axon on the other side.
Hair cells move mucus toward the sinus ostia.
Hair cells populate the length of cochlea down the basilar membrane.
Hair cells populate the length of the cochlea down the basilar membrane.
Hair cells send the sounds, as electrical impulses, to the brain.
Hair cells synapse upon dendrites of neurons whose cell bodies are located in the spiral ganglion.
Hair cells transform mechanical energy to electrical energy.
Most hair cells are part of cochleas.
Hair clips work great when putting the hair up.
Hair color can be blond or brown.
Hair color comes from a pigment or color produced by the skin.
Hair color comes in Red, brown or auborn.
Hair color depends on factors.
Hair color depends on genetic factors.
Hair color follows the same basic principles as eye color.
Hair color happens because of a kind of pigment called melanin.
Hair color is a useful feature in the hair-comparison process.
Hair color is alike in both sexes.
Hair color is also a big factor.
Hair color is also due to the presence of melanin.
Hair color is another issue.
Hair color is another thing people notice.
Hair color is black.
Hair color is brown, eyes are brown.
Hair color is carrot as shown above.
Hair color is color.
Hair color is created by a pigment called melanin.
Hair color is dark brown with tinges of gray.
Hair color is determined by melanocytes, cells that produce pigment.
Hair color is determined by more than one gene.
Hair color is due to pigment in the cortex.
Hair color is liquids.
Hair color is mixture.
Hair color is passed down by parents only.
Hair color is probably even more complicated than eye color.
Hair color is used for identifying an individual for emigration or crime detection purposes.
Hair color is very much an art as much as it is a complex technical subject.
Hair color ranges from light brown to black, and eye color can be black, gray, blue, or green.
Hair color ranges from shocking pink, yellow or green, and skirts are the mini-minimum.
Hair color returns.
Hair color tends to fade in the sun.
Hair color varies from black to white.
All hair color has all or some blue base.
Most hair color depends on factors.
Most hair color depends on genetic factors.
Some hair color continues to oxidize after the color work is complete.
Hair coloring is coloration.
Hair coloring is coloring.
Hair colour can tend towards lighter blonde shade.
Hair colour is a personal choice.
Hair colour is dark gray.
Hair colour is determined by the concentration of melanin.
Hair colour is generally negro, entrepelado, and c rdeno, with the latter predominating.
Hair colour is only one indicator of redheadedness, just as some black bears are brown.
Hair combs appear among early grave goods, even from pre-dynastic days.
Hair conditioners can be fun, too, and they smell nice.
Hair conditioners contain proteins.
Hair conditioners contain wheat proteins.
Most hair conditioner works well as a moisturizer for hands and body.
Most hair conditioners contain proteins.
Most hair conditioners contain wheat proteins.
A hair curler is a mechanical device
Hair curlers are another festive way to arrange flowers.
A hair dryer is a blower
A hair dryer is a drier
Hair dryer changes thermal energy into electrical energy.
Hair dryer is available upon request.
Hair dryers are able to be used on most ships.
Hair dryers are available for residents use.
Hair dryers are available in each room.
Hair dryers are available upon request.
Hair dryers are capable of dry hair.
Hair dryers are excellent weapons against snowmen.
Hair dryers are located in bathrooms.
Hair dryers are located in boxs.
Hair dryers are located in drug stores.
Hair dryers are used for dry hair.
Hair dryers are used for drying hair.
Hair dryers can be helpful, especially if the animal is wet as well as hypothermic.
Hair dryers Look for hair dryers with large rectangular shaped safety plugs.
Hair Dryers Look for hair dryers with large rectangular shaped safety plugs.
Hair dryers make great ways of warming up chilled baby rabbit kits.
Most hair dryers have a thermostat that shuts off the power if the unit gets too hot.
Some hair dryers enhance growth.
Some hair dryers enhance hair growth.
Hair dye contains chemicals.
Hair dye contains nasty chemicals.
Hair dye is a common cause of contact dermatitis.
Hair dye is a dyestuff
Hair dye washes off hands.
Hair dyes can also actually cause hair loss in some people.
Hair dyes can make the hair dull.
Hair dyes vary greatly in their chemical make-up.
Most hair dye contains chemicals.
Most hair dye contains nasty chemicals.
Some hair dye causes eye injuries.
Some hair dye causes injuries.
Hair extensions are also available in the better salons.
Hair extensions are an alternative to bleaching out and then dying sections of hair.
Hair extensions are optional.
Hair extensions is attached to the hair by weaving or pinchbraiding to create length and fullness.
Hair extensions work on the same principle, as do hair prosthesis.
A hair follicle is a follicle
Hair follicles are body parts.
Hair follicles are capable of producing hair of various thickness and colors.
Hair follicles are capable of producing hairs of various thickness and colors.
Hair follicles are clusters of cells that produce hair.
Hair follicles are complex, self-renewing structures composed of different types of cells.
Hair follicles are follicles.
Hair follicles are in close contact with sebaceous glands.
Hair follicles are located in scalps.
Hair follicles are normally at a slight angle in the skin.
Hair follicles are one of the common sites of cutaneous bleeding.
Hair follicles are solid objects.
Hair follicles are sometimes prominent, giving a peau d orange texture.
Hair follicles are tubelike pockets of epidermal cells that extend into the dermis.
Hair follicles are very sensitive to stress.
Hair follicles become miniaturized, and the hair consequently becomes thinner and shorter.
Hair follicles become red and irritated, and pus-filled lesions form.
Hair follicles can die.
Hair follicles develop from a complex series of interactions between different elements of the skin.
Hair follicles find inflamed skin an unhealthy environment in which to grow.
Hair follicles grow in a repeated cycle.
Hair follicles have a growing and resting cycle.
Hair follicles originate in the inner portions of the dermis as well.
Hair follicles perform functions.
Hair follicles perform sensory functions.
Hair follicles prepare themselves for the resting phase.
Hair follicles receiving insufficient supplies of protein produce shorter, thinner hairs.
Hair follicles respond best to laser treatment when in their active growth phase.
Hair follicles rise from the dermis layer.
All hair follicles remain present in a patient with androgenetic alopecia.
Many hair follicles are in their resting stage at any one particular time.
Most hair follicles contain an oil gland called the sebaceous gland.
Most hair follicles perform functions.
Most hair follicles perform sensory functions.
Some hair follicles fill with keratin.
Some hair follicles have receptors for dihydroepitestosterone, a male hormone.
Some hair follicles have receptors for dihydro-epitestosterone, a male hormone.
Some hair follicles have the ability to produce different types of hair at various times.
Hair growth begins inside the hair follicle .
Hair growth begins under the skin in structures called follicles.
Hair growth can be a very personal subject .
Hair growth depends on a lot of factors.
Hair growth depends on concentration.
Hair growth depends on dietary concentration.
Hair growth depends on factors.
Hair growth depends on genetics.
Hair growth follows a cycle.
Hair growth is a slow process.
Hair growth is constant.
Hair growth is controlled by several factors, including nutrition, hormones, and time of year.
Hair growth is fastest from the age of sixteen to the late twenties.
Hair growth is improved and restored, nails strengthened, cellulite removed.
Hair growth is no longer a mystery.
Hair growth is one of the topics that a lot of people are interested in.
Hair growth is patchier in females due to presence of second X chromosome.
Hair growth is slower and remains thinner, especially around the crown and hairline.
Hair growth is stimulated and lost hair starts to grow back.
Hair growth is such an adaptation.
Hair growth is under hormonal control.
Hair growth occurs on tops.
Hair growth occurs over the next decade.
Hair growth seems to be back to normal.
Hair growth starts at the roots, but hair damage is concentrated near the tips.
Hair growth takes time.
Hair growth tends to peak at one year and there is a slow decline for regrowth after one year.
Most hair growth depends on concentration.
Most hair growth depends on dietary concentration.
Most hair growth depends on factors.
Most hair growth depends on genetics.
Most hair growth occurs on tops.
Most hair growth takes time.
Some hair growth lasts for years.
Most hair jewelry features one color of hair - usually either brown or black.
Hair length can change drastically with the change of seasons and humidity levels.
Hair length is genetically determined and varies from person to person.
Hair length is important too.
Hair length is longer on the throat, shoulder, and hump areas.
Hair length varies geographically.
Hair loss affects both men and women.
Hair loss affects one out of three men and one in five women.
Hair loss affects only intellectuals.
Hair loss affects two out of every three men, and one in five women.
Hair loss begins after childbirth.
Hair loss begins in the lateral frontal areas or over the vertex.
Hair loss begins when many of the hairs stop being replaced naturally.
Hair loss can affect the eyelashes, eyebrows, and hair on the head, arms, legs, and groin area.
Hair loss can also be a sign of a serious illness such as thyroid disease, anemia or diabetes.
Hair loss can also be stress-related, or tied to an emotional problem.
Hair loss can also occur on other areas of their bodies.
Hair loss can also progress over the body.
Hair loss can also suddenly find expression without any detectable family history.
Hair loss can be a losing battle.
Hair loss can be a symptom of skin disease or parasites, and also warrants a trip to the vet.
Hair loss can be devastating for the millions of men and women who experience it.
Hair loss can be responsible for depression, feelings of inadequacy, and low self-esteem.
Hair loss can be very distressing, and is normal.
Hair loss can begin within a few days or weeks of treatment.
Hair loss can cause a wide range of emotions from anger to grief.
Hair loss can cause strong psychological drawbacks for males.
Hair loss can happen at any time of life for any number of reasons.
Hair loss can have many causes and often there is never any answer.
Hair loss can make even the bravest man weep and the most elegant woman don a ridiculous hat.
Hair loss can occur as thinning hair or complete baldness.
Hair loss can occur at the site of the body where radiation is received.
Hair loss can occur during treatment.
Hair loss can occur for many reasons, including genetics, vitamin deficiency, or underlying illness.
Hair loss can occur in scarred areas of the scalp.
Hair loss can occur in women for reasons other than female-pattern baldness.
Hair loss can occur upon chronic exposure.
Hair loss can occur.
Hair loss can result from many factors.
Hair loss can slow down and end at any of the above stages.
Hair loss caused by chemotherapy and radiation therapy is temporary.
Hair loss caused by chemotherapy is temporary.
Hair loss happens only in the area treated.
Hair loss has many causes.
Hair loss has several causes and treatment options.
Hair loss is a common and distressing symptom, affecting men and women of all ages.
Hair loss is a common complaint of many patients, both men and women.
Hair loss is a common concern for both men and women.
Hair loss is a common problem for both men and women.
Hair loss is a common problem that many people experience.
Hair loss is a common side affect of chemotherapy or radiation treatment.
Hair loss is a major concern for many patients.
Hair loss is a natural part of the body's process of renewal.
Hair loss is a problem that affects millions of people, including men, women, and even children.
Hair loss is a side effect of SOME chemotherapy agents and is only temporary.
Hair loss is a trait inherited through the maternal side of the family.
Hair loss is a very negative factor in cancer patient care and quality of life.
Hair loss is an inherited trait.
Hair loss is an unfortunate, common occurance for many men and women.
Hair loss is another example.
Hair loss is another possible side effect.
Hair loss is another problem that needs to be tackled right at the beginning.
Hair loss is associated with poor nutrition.
Hair loss is caused by an enzyme that shrinks hair follicles and causes the hair to fall out.
Hair loss is caused by iron overload.
Hair loss is certain with some Chemo drugs.
Hair loss is common - nearly two out of every three men develop some form of balding.
Hair loss is common and can begin within a few days or weeks of treatment.
Hair loss is common during active treatment.
Hair loss is common with many anticancer drugs and usually begins two weeks after treatment.
Hair loss is common, and often occurs in a symmetric pattern over the animal's trunk.
Hair loss is common.
Hair loss is genetically programmed, it is a consequence of evolutionary pressures, it is normal .
Hair loss is gradual, with miniaturization of genetically programmed hair follicles.
Hair loss is listed as a side effect of serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
Hair loss is medical conditions.
Hair loss is minimal and related to the amount of drug given.
Hair loss is nearly complete over most of the body.
Hair loss is normal.
Hair loss is observed along the shoulders, flanks, sides, and paws.
Hair loss is obviously much more common in males than in women.
Hair loss is one of the most distressing side effects of chemotherapy.
Hair loss is one sign of malnutrition.
Hair loss is possible.
Hair loss is probably the most visible change.
Hair loss is quite uncommon.
Hair loss is quite variable for children being treated for leukemia.
Hair loss is rare with busulfan.
Hair loss is rare with dactinomycin.
Hair loss is rare with filgrastim.
Hair loss is rare with lomustine.
Hair loss is rare with mechlorethamine.
Hair loss is rare with methotrexate.
Hair loss is rare with mitomycin.
Hair loss is rare with pentostatin.
Hair loss is rare with plicamycin.
Hair loss is rare with procarbazine.
Hair loss is referred to as alopecia.
Hair loss is the most dreaded side effect in cancer chemotherapy treatment.
Hair loss is thus one of the major symptoms of anorexia and bulimia.
Hair loss is usually mild with vincristine.
Hair loss is usually temporary.
Hair loss is very unusual.
Hair loss occurs and is poorly responsive to treatment.
Hair loss occurs because radiation affects cells that are dividing, which includes hair follicles.
Hair loss occurs in other primates and is linked to social status and rank within the group.
Hair loss occurs in some people, but usually minor and reversible.
Hair loss occurs in some people.
Hair loss occurs in the fall and then regrows.
Hair loss occurs, especially in the male with typical 'male pattern baldness'.
Hair loss resumes when the medication is discontinued.
Hair loss slows down and hair and scalp condition improve.
Most hair loss is caused by pattern baldness.
Most hair loss is hereditary.
Hair nets are a good idea for keeping stray hairs out of food.
Hair pieces can cover up a balding area, a thinning condition, or a bald spot.
Hair pigmentation is one of the most striking phenotypes in humans.
Hair products Be wary of hair-care products that claim to thicken and strengthen hair.
Hair products call for female and male models with good hair.
Hair prostheses are the latest technological advance in replacing lost hair.
Hair relaxers are beauty products used to straighten naturally curly hair.
Hair removal techniques provide only temporary relief.
Hair removal techniques provide relief.
Hair removal techniques provide temporary relief.
Hair removal can make skin sensitive.
Hair removal has to be stopped, at least temporarily.
Hair removal is one of the newest applications.
Hair removal is very much in cosmetic surgeon's daily work list.
Hair removal makes it easier to do the next step.
All hair removal takes more than one or two treatments.
Hair replacements are totally undetectable.
Hair restoration can be affordable .
Hair restoration combines the wonderful world of art with the scientific side of medicine.
Hair restoration is considered minor surgery much like a dental procedure.
Hair restoration lasts a lifetime.
Hair roots receive nutrients from blood vessels, which contain testosterone.
Hair salon is also open to guests.
Hair salon serves students' needs There is now a hair salon on campus.
Hair salons are famous for clever names.
Hair salons are located in hotels.
Hair salons are located in mail.
Hair salons are located in shopping centers.
Hair salons are used for perms.
Every hair salon has their own policies.
Some hair salons offer great packages that include massages, facials, manicures, etc.
Hair samples are also easier to handle than blood.
Hair samples are very easy to handle compared to the special handling that blood samples require.
Hair shafts are often thicker.
Hair shafts become thin and break off as they exit the scalp.
Hair shafts begin to emerge but remain trapped under a skin layer until close to birth.
Hair shafts break, and regrowth is often poor.
Hair shafts emerge from tiny follicles in the skin.
Hair shafts reflect light.
Most hair shafts reflect light.
Hair sheep lambs display swell throats.
Hair sheep lambs display throats.
A hair shirt is a shirt
Hair shirts are extra.
Hair shirts come in no end of fine shape and sizes.
Hair spray is instrumentation
Hair spray is liquids.
Hair spray is mixture.
Hair spray is toiletry.
Hair spray works just as well, and it costs a lot less too.
Hair sprays create instant beauty.
Hair straighteners work by breaking the hair's hydrogen bonds, which are what make the hair curly.
Hair style is hair
Hair style is optional.
Hair style says something about the wearer, whether spiked, buzzed or multi-layered.
Hair styles are a work of art in Senegal.
Hair styles are also statements.
Hair styles are different.
Hair styles are more trendy which is requiring a professional cut and style.
Hair styles come and go quickly .
Hair styles evolve and change over the years, even as creativity reaches new frontiers.
Hair styles seem to go in cycles.
Hair styles vary from individual to individual.
Hair styles vary with age, and with ethnic identity.
Hair tests are more likely to detect regular than occasional marijuana use.
Hair testing appears to be a better determinant of long-term drug consumption.
Hair testing has distinct advantages over the older, urine-based testing technology.
Hair testing is also a matter of growing debate.
Hair testing is effective in detecting regular than occasional marijuana use.
Hair testing is even more bizarre.
Hair testing is racially and gender biased.
Hair testing is very easy.
Hair texture is an example of incomplete dominance.
Hair texture is soft and silky.
Hair transplant is a skilled and delicate surgery.
Hair transplant is applicable only to normal baldness.
Hair transplant is one of the safest cosmetic surgical operation.
Hair transplants are a hair-loss treatment, that involves hair transplants.
Hair transplants are a realistic option in treating a thinning problem.
Hair transplants are also available to selected patients.
Hair transplants are another option for treating androgenic alopecia.
Hair transplants are just one of many options.
Hair transplants can be very effective, but they can also be costly, in terms of time and money.
Hair transplants can redistribute the remaining hair.
Hair transplants look ridiculous for years until they fill in.
Hair transplantation can be quite time intensive.
Hair transplantation is a cost-competitive solution for hair loss.
Hair transplantation is a very safe, relatively minor surgical procedure.
Hair transplantation is an effective and permanent solution for hair loss.
Hair transplantation is an office procedure that takes approximately three to six hours.
Hair transplantation is done under local anesthesia as an outpatient procedure.
Hair transplantation is more expensive than a hair piece or some alternative treatments.
Hair transplantation is often less satisfactory in women.
Hair transplantation is relatively painless.
Hair transplantation offers a permanent solution with very little risk involved.
Most hair types exhibit super conditioned hair upon retuning.
Hair vitamins contain important minerals.
Hair vitamins contain minerals.
Hair washing is easiest in the shower.
Hair washing is permissible while in the shower.
Hair absorbs all the things found in water, which sometimes include water-purifying chemicals.
Hair absorbs the water making it soft and less likely to adhere well to the wax.
Hair absorbs water which makes it stand up making it easier to shave.
Hair acts as a natural hygrometer.
Hair acts as a pollen magnet.
Hair acts as padding against blows and falling objects as well.
Hair actually grows out of it.
Hair also acts as a defensive mechanism for porcupine and hedgehogs.
Hair also can function as a sensory organ, as in cats, dogs, and whales.
Hair also falls from the eyebrows across the muzzle and down the side of the face.
Hair also form in the pubic, genitalia and armpit or axilla.
Hair also grows faster in the morning than at night.
Hair also has a sensory function, extending the sense of touch beyond the surface of the skin.
Hair also helps to prevent heat loss from the head.
Hair also plays a crucial role in balancing.
Hair also produces a protein called keratanin, which is released into the environment.
Hair also provides the animal protection.
Hair also provides various kinds of protection for animals.
Hair also tends to recede from the temples.
Hair also varies in shape, length, rate of growth, and response to stimuli.
Hair appears at eight days.
Hair appears in arm pits, on chest, and around anus.
Hair appears in axilla, on chest, around anus.
Hair appears sparsely over the body of the elephant.
Hair are Expression of model behind little poetry contests although freeze on all rock.
Hair avoid before that grandmother likewise gain sportsbook odds.
Hair becomes brittle and colorless.
Hair becomes fine in texture.
Hair becomes finer with repeated use.
Hair becomes finer, thiner, and gray.
Hair becomes glossy, bouncy and soft.
Hair becomes longer with higher relative humidities and shorter with lower relative humidities.
Hair becomes longer with higher relative humidity and shorter with lower relative humidity.
Hair becomes manageable, soft, and glossy with a healthy moisturized scalp.
Hair becomes progressively lighter, eventually turning white.
Hair becomes silky and manageable.
Hair becomes smooth and glossy .
Hair becomes smooth, soft and bouncy.
Hair becomes smoother, glossier, and stronger immediately.
Hair becomes soft, bouncy and glossy.
Hair becomes soft, glossy and can be easily combed.
Hair becomes soft, smooth, shines and is easy to comb.
Hair becomes thinner and thinner.
Hair becomes white.
Hair begins to appear in the pubic area and later it grows on the face and underarms.
Hair begins to grow before birth.
Hair begins to grow here at the time of puberty.
Hair begins to grow in the armpit and pubic regions of the body.
Hair begins to grow in the pubic region.
Hair begins to grow on baby's head.
Hair bows, clip bows, ribbons, head bands, and other inexpensive hair accessories.
Hair bows, decorative caps, jewelry, and customized hair pieces.
Hair braiding, more common in resort areas and other special events, is akin to face painting.
Hair breakage a result of damaged hair can mimic hair loss.
Hair breaks easily.
Hair brushes easily and springs back, full-bodied and touchable.
Hair brushes easily retaining previous styling support.
Hair burns very easily.
Hair can act like a wick, drawing the tears out of the eye.
Hair can also appear as a ghostly anomaly.
Hair can also provide protective coloration.
Hair can be a sensitive subject for some.
Hair can be black, straight, curly or wavy.
Hair can be dry or it can be wet.
Hair can be medium length or short and close to the body.
Hair can be sexy.
Hair can be wet or dry although most people prefer wet cutting.
Hair can become dry, thin and brittle.
Hair can become entangled in one or both of the suction covers when the swim jets are on.
Hair can become finer and more dry as well.
Hair can come from the scalp, the eyebrow, eyelashes, pubic region - anywhere there is hair.
Hair can conduct, to a degree.
Hair can contaminate and be contaminated by microbial cultures.
Hair can easily ignite from a burner flame and cause serious face and scalp burns.
Hair can follow the same plan.
Hair can get sunburnt just like the scalp.
Hair can grow back differently after chemotherapy treatments.
Hair can inspire so much poetry in the bosoms of Indian men.
Hair can only be beautiful if it is healthy.
Hair can regrow after stopping treatment.
Hair can significantly interfere with image quality.
Hair can slow the cooling of the skin and also give protection against sun burn.
HAIR can t hide from it.
Hair care from scalp treatments to shampoos, cuts, color, perms, updo's and conditioning.
Hair care The handle adaptations here can be used to modify combs and brushes as well.
Hair carries a positive polarity charge, silk a negative.
Hair changes color.
Hair changes in length in proportion to the humidity of the air.
Hair climbs the neck.
Hair coloring or perming is restricted for several weeks.
Hair coloring to hide the gray, moisturizers to plump the wrinkles.
Hair colouring methods are available today, which give a far more natural look.
Hair comes in a variety of sizes, colors, and shapes.
Hair comes in blond or brown.
Hair comes in brown, dark brown,and black.
Hair comes in brown, red,dark brown and black.
Hair comes in different shapes.
Hair comes in light brown, blond, red and dark brown.
Hair comes in many forms, from the barbed quills of porcupines to the soft fur of a lemur.
Hair comes in many qualities from poor to luxurious.
Hair comes off in patches and skin becomes thickened and corrugated.
Hair Comes the Bride Mobile-wedding hair and makeup services.
Hair conserves heat by trapping air to form an insulating layer.
Hair consists mainly of keratin, which is also responsible for the elasticity of fingernails.
Hair consists of almost pure alpha-helix as the protein keratin.
Hair consists of protein layers called keratin.
Hair contains a lot of oil.
Hair contains all the minerals present in the body.
Hair contains bacteria that can fall onto the patient.
Hair contains DNA and thus is suitable for genetic analysis.
Hair contains frank language, brief nudity and adult themes.
Hair contains millions of bacteria.
Hair continues to grow as long as the papilla provides nourishment for new cells.
Hair covering is required when in the food production area.
Hair covering is the most obvious example, but there are many others, some more obvious.
Hair covering the abdominal region grows from the midline laterally so that the hair is parted.
Hair covers all parts of the body, except for the lips, palms and soles.
Hair covers almost every exposed surface of the human body and has some important functions.
Hair covers help prevent hair from becoming caught in moving machine parts.
Hair covers it.
Hair covers the belly and grows between the plates of the shell.
Hair covers the inside and outside of the ears.
Hair covers their paw pads.
Hair damaged by the sun is weak and unhealthy.
Hair decorating, which is done before body painting, is fairly simple.
Hair decreases in volume and moisture.
Hair decreases on the scalp, but increases in the ears, nostrils, and eyebrows.
Hair defies gravity, weather, or large amounts of water.
Hair deny Suggestion below camp about whatever georgia tech posters indeed avoid to whatever tax.
Hair deserves to be pampered.
Hair develops a healthy sheen.
Hair develops from a series of chemical interactions between different elements of the skin.
Hair develops from the cells of the bulb, which divide rapidly.
Hair develops from the cells of the hair bulb, which divide rapidly.
Hair develops under the armpit and in the pubic regions.
Hair develops under the armpit, under chest and in the pubic regions.
Hair digests very slowly and sometimes builds up in great quantities.
Hair does grow for three to six years before falling out.
Hair does reappear, though more sparsely, in the months following each treatment.
Hair down is universally a guy's favorite.
Hair dryers drone.
Hair dyeing knows no age restrictions as men both young and old are coloring their hair.
Hair establish around no seventeen although demand buffalo bills caps.
Hair exists in a variety of textures.
Hair exists in some very unexpected places on our body.
Hair express disorder,so hair eddy expresses self-organization that produces order in disorder.
Hair falls out at the root when the hair bulb shrinks.
Hair falls out because of the way the hair follicle metabolizes testosterone, an inherited trait.
Hair falls out in circular patches.
Hair falls out in clumps from different spots on the head.
